user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198043458259,Recommended,239430,10189145,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Salty Gandalf,"It's a great game, but don't buy this version if you already have qube. Doesn't add much extra"
76561198022961483,Not Recommended,239430,12711698,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Claymix,"I'm a huge fan of the original game and I can honestly say the Director's Cut is much worse.The only difference is an added voiceover and story, but the gameplay and content remains much the same.The story, however, is unnecessary and unfortunately, bland. Part of what made the original so great was the lack of any background. It was a blank slate and very mysterious, and so you put your own imagination and own story into the gameplay. I loved it. The Director's Cut forces you into a, quite frankly, stupid story that is nothing compared to what your imagination would give the game were you playing the original.The voiceover is more annoying and distracting than anything. It's like having an audio book playing in the background while you play the game: completely unrelated to what you're doing and ruining your concentration."
,Recommended,239430,10192885,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Srredfire,"I can only truly recommend this game if you've played the original.There's controversy that this could have easily been released as DLC, but I'm not reviewing the politics of game admissions.With the Director's Cut of this game comes a brand new narrative as well as a new soundtrack. They are both welcome additions to the game, alongside reworked puzzles, new secrets, and the previously released DLC. There's not a lot of extra things to see or do, but for a returning player who wants a bit more of the Q.U.B.E. universe, $5 isn't a big hole in the pocket.However, the reason I prefer the original over this version is based on two things; the first being the actual lack of story in the original. There was almost a haunting mysteriousness to it, in the sense that you never truly understand the game as a whole. You pick up bits and pieces of things, formulating and speculating the who and what and where and when, but in the end, there were no concrete answers. These are the elements that made the game enjoyable for me beyond the gameplay. It was the time I spent wondering, ""what really is behind all of this?""The second reason being the soundtrack. The original game has a much more upbeat, ambient electronic score. It's catchy, it's fun to listen to, and I found myself listening to it even outside of the game. While the new soundtrack isn't necessarily bad, as it has been tweaked to fit the new found atmosphere that coincides with the added narrative, it simply just isn't as memorable. There were a few tracks that I did enjoy, but in the end it cannot compare to what was.If you haven't played Q.U.B.E. do yourself a favor and track down a copy of the original. It's a short, simple, but entertaining and involving. If you're a returning fan who doesn't mind throwing a fiver down to replay and re-experience the game in a different light, go for it. It's not the best five bucks you'll ever spend, but I personally don't have any regrets. It gave me an excuse to have some fun with it again, and most importantly enjoy myself. After all, isn't that the point?"
,Recommended,239430,18127918,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Jamison,"I played Q.U.B.E. and the Q.U.B.E. Director's Cut back-to-back in a weekend. I have posted this review forbothversions of the game so you can decide which you'd prefer to play. They are essentially the same game, but the Director's Cut adds two characters that talk to you, the silent protagonist, throughout the game. These characters serve to tell the story of what the hell is (orisn't?) going on, which, while not particularly deep or even explainedat allin the original version, is interesting because it had me waffling back and forth between what I thought the ending would be... or if there would actually be two endings. Spoiler:There's only one ending, but the game really should have had two, depending on a final choice you had to make. A huge missed opportunity, IMO.At first the narrative seemed cliché, but considering how many times I changed my mind as to what the conclusion to the game's story would actually be... that was unique. I was satisfied.I understand why many judge this game superficially as Portal-esque, and aesthetically, it is quite similar. And it's a first-person puzzler. And there are very few characters. And it's not a very long game. And there's no combat. The voice acting in the Director's Cut was well done (although sparse), and the music was pleasing as well. Controls, movement, etc., were nothing to rave about, but not really worth complaining about either, considering the type of game. I just wish buttons activated and deactivated much faster. Making a mistake because of the delay just irked me.The puzzle content from the original and the Director's Cut is essentially the same, but I noticed in the Director's Cut they removed at least one puzzle that players of the original despised (myself included; I wanted to kill the planet after fumbling with it for half an hour and then looking up the solution, taking solace in the fact that I was not the only befuddled player). Took me roughly 4 hours to beat the original (which includes banging my head over two puzzles in particular), and then, once knowing all the solutions to the puzzles, it only took me 2.5 hours to breeze through the Director's Cut. I feel like the original game had more difficult (in a bad way) puzzles which were removed from the Director's Cut, but I did stumble upon two hidden puzzles in the Director's Cut that I didn't encounter in the original. I'm sure there are other nuggets hiding somewhere I missed.To put all my thoughts into a tidy, six-sided package: If you're a fan of Portal, A Story About My Uncle, or Quantum Conundrum, check this title out. Short, sweet, and satisfying. The original feels a bit longer and more difficult, but the Director's Cut felt less frustrating and more interesting."
,Not Recommended,239430,11997727,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,NEU-NEU,"Why, devs? WHY?!Why have you tainted down the game's original atmosphere with such irrevelant narration? The original release was awesome as it was! The lack of explanation or lack of narration was part of the dark feeling! It was great! Lots of people reviewed it positively and gave it great scores because of it! And now... it's ruined! People who never played the game before will probably enjoy this version... but it is now a mediocre title since it was implemented with a blatant plot/twist/whatever that have absolutely no valuable addition to the game.For people who already purchased the first release, its a dissapointment! It feels like having the original Star Wars rewritten so Greedo is now shootting first. What the hell, devs? I gave QUBE a good review when it came out on Steam, but now i just can't. It has been turned into a mediocre game. Unless you manage some options to play the game in its original version (without the voice over and all that), i'm no longer going to recommend it to anyone.Damn i feel ♥♥♥♥ed. And to approximatively quote someone on the forum: ""Turning a GREAT game into a mediocre one is a greater sin in my book than making a bad game"""
76561198083166382,Recommended,239430,16891588,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Loaded Towel,"A short but fun indie game, quite similar to Portal but have far more difficult puzzles at times.If you're an achievement hunter (like me) BE WARNED, the achievements for the extra content, such as completing bonus levels with the minimum number of moves or beating the developers time on bonus levels are EXTREMELY DIFFICULT, I have managed it and I celebrated so loud I woke up my whole village.There are also very grindy achievements like aquire 10,000 powerups, which I recommend working on last, and if you do please put on some music as it will be very repetitive and will turn you insane otherwise.Still, good game, would recommend, price goes very low on a sale"
,Recommended,239430,31066093,Posted: 10 April,all,falawful,"10$ is a steal for this game.The campaign is relatively short, you can definitely beat it within 5 hours, but it is worth it. This game is based off clever mechanics and nice ideas that don't seem very apparent from the store page but actually playing the game makes it clear how good they are.The director's cut version adds (i think the time trials DLC as well) the story to the game. In-game dialogue that creates a story that admittedly seems very generic at first but actually gets pretty deep and interesting later on in the game. Unlike the original, it actually feels like your solving these puzzles with context rather than just mindlessly doing them. That was my only gripe with the original. Very nice art design, even if it is pretty plain, I've grown to appreciate it. (very easy to run as well) and finally the soundtrack they added to the game is actually very nice, adds tension where needed but also mellow relaxing music for puzzle solving. It just works so well.Get this game."
,Recommended,239430,12922338,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,fortris,"EDIT: I have finished the game now, and I can honestly say the story in this is far less interesting than the original premise of having no story, and letting the player intepret it how they want. I will however still recommend purchasing either this, or the original (whichever is cheaper) and playing it because it is a good puzzle game.The following applies to both games, original and directors cut.Neat puzzle game, decently challenging. Stark black/white visuals with occasional splashes of color to seperate the puzzle elements.Now, if you have never played this game before, I'd recommend buying the original (especially if it is cheaper). The reason being, the original is a good PUZZLE game with an interesting backdrop. The directors cut feels the need to tell a story, that frankly, has been told a thousand times.Techincally this version has more content, but honestly I felt the original had a better feel to it simply because it gave you no pretext. It didn't give you a subtext to what was happening, this shoehorns one in for frankly no reason.So in short, if you can ignore the blatant voiceovers and both are the same price, buy this since it has more content. If the original is cheaper, buy that.SPOILERS BELOW (not that it matters honestly):Seriously? A kid broke into your house because there was a fire? Why not call the fire department? Why not yell ""Hey there's a fire! The second he broke in? How the hell did you manage to get downstairs without seeing/hearing/smelling a fire?Seriously?Also the ending of this game is incredibly concrete (as in there is no room for interpritation) yet it leaves a LOT out in the open.What happened to the player character? Did he live? Did he die? Was this all a dream? Was the end sequence just something he created in his mind, or did all of that actually happen?If the end was completely literal, why did solving cube puzzles destroy the ""ship""? Why was there not a single inhabitant on the ship? Who built it? Did it just build itself and set a collision course with the earth? Why would it do this? It's clearly been made by something, the entire thing is made up of cubes (sans the television screens and shuttle in the last scene). Which brings up another point, why were there television screens and shuttles in something only made of cubs?The only credit I will give the story in the Director's Cut was that they turned the whole ""crazy man tells you the truth about a goverment consipiracy"" cliche on it's head by revealing it was just a stranded man who wanted company. I guess that's something.Either way this was wholly unnessicary and a large waste of resources for the developer. They should have just put all this time and effort into developing another title instead of writing a mediocre story for the existing game that was actually pretty atmospheric with no dialogue.So again, buy whichever is cheaper, but honestly I'd recommend the original over this any day."
,Recommended,239430,13987961,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,mark | dj.,+ Fun puzzles+ Voice acting is quite good+ Stylish presentation+ Secret puzzles+ Voice acting also adds a new layer to the game...- ...but unfortunately also feels off and unnecessary- Still a bit short[Rating: 83/100]
76561198067772838,Not Recommended,239430,10422713,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,alt-tab-out,"I loved the original release of this game.  They ruined it with this Director's Cut.  The story is dry, boring, and full of plot holes.  The new ""soundtrack"" consists of sound effects and ambiance, not music.  The original OST is far, far superior.  The woman who dryly delivers exposition into your character's headset is monotone and annoying and it distracts from what little atmosphere there is.  All of this combines to change a very fun, atmospheric game into sleep-inducing tedium.  What could be more exciting than listening to a story read to you in a monotone voice with no music in a grey vertical shaft?  Sigh.  Just play the original.  It's far, far better."
76561198057797146,Not Recommended,239430,12619963,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Prism,They got rid of the ♥♥♥♥ing original soundtrack. What in the actual ♥♥♥♥ were they thinking? Not to mention they ruined the imagination with a bland♥♥♥♥♥narration.For all that is holy and right please buy the original if you still can. It was beyond better.
,Recommended,239430,32891201,Posted: 27 June,all,Chrysalis,I feel like the puzzles weren't difficult enough. But it was still great. And you can have a lot of fun trying to speed run it.
,Recommended,239430,18526208,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Samcity,"Great game! Worth buying if you're a fan of Portal, similar puzzle aspect, first person, different game altogether. Also an interesting little story line, adding flavour to the original game. Refuse to spoil it!"
76561197995985793,Not Recommended,239430,10854363,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Denny Clang,"You know what's worse than not trying?  Succeeding well for 90% of the task and then flopping miserably at the end, and that is sadly what the Director's Cut did.  The gameplay is identical in every way to the original version and is enjoyable as always; the only major change (in the story mode) is a refined ""story,"" which as been added solely by the addition of voiceovers.  What's amazing is that they actually manage to set up a fairly interesting story, rife with contradictions (trying to remain spoiler-free here).  Unfortunately, when the entire game builds up a dichotomy of impressions, making you guess what is true and real, at the end, it falls flat.  You aren't given a choice, you're force to pick one of the impressions as ""true,"" and the game unambiguously shows that you were correct.  This isn't even the ILLUSION of choice, this is shoe-horning us in to a meaningless ending.  It's like playing a puzzle game and simultaneously watching a completely unrelated movie; on the one hand you're playing a game, and on the other merely along for the ride as a dispassionate observer.  The protagonist's doubt isn't your own, because you don't ever act on it.  You're forced to just sit back and watch as he picks correctly.  As such, I can only say that you should play the non-director's cut version, 'cause honestly the game was better when it lacked story than when it insulted its players with this."
,Not Recommended,239430,11610261,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Sci_Karate,"I really, really, really, really, really want to like Q.U.B.E.We're never getting a Portal 3, but I still desperately want a new Portal game- and all the mods coming out (I.e. Thinking With Time Machine) just aren't doing it for me.So the idea of a Portal rip-off based around a set of gradually building unique mechanics was really appealing to me.If only it had the same expert execution Portal did.The core mechanic of block moving isn't that great, but the game tries to amend that by adding on various mechanics as the game goes on.Which would be totally awesome!But most mechanics are used for one level, then never again.The story isn't great, but it's all plot-twisty and narrated and cool.Which would be totally awesome!But the story is more-or-less ripped straight out of Portal.I think you get the point.The game's one redeeming quality is that it feels genuinely /difficult./When you finished a level in Portal, you'd think ""oh, duh, how dumb of me, anyone could've figured that out.""In QUBE, you think ""THANK. GOD. YES. I DID IT. JESUS CHRIST.""So you feel accomplished. Yay for that!On the other hand- it made me just want the levels to be done with. Portal made me want more, but finishing QUBE-Portal is sorta like finishing a small-serving gourmet meal. It was delicious, and you wish you could eat it all over again.QUBE is sorta like getting cut- you just desperately hope for the bleeding to stop, and when it does, you feel thankful.That may be a bit brutal, but meh, so was playing it.If QUBE was just $2.50, I'd recommend it. That's how much I got it for, so I didn't feel all that cheated.But for anyone who spends $9.99 on it-You could've bought Portal.Or any Half-Life game.Or pretty much any good indie game ever.You have made an error.Final Score: 7/10Letter Grade: C-Verdict: Not worth two footlong sandwiches, but easily worth a 6-inch sub.Play Portal. Play Portal until your fingers bleed."
,Not Recommended,239430,12226871,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,nifboy,"The narration added to the Director's Cut version is frankly terrible, explaining things that have no need to be explained, asking the player to make choices that cannot be made (except in the sense that you can turn the game off), and there's no way to turn voices off short of muting the game entirely.Play the original instead. Actually, no, get Portal and Antichamber if you haven't already, and if you're still desperate for a first-person puzzle game, then get the original."
,Not Recommended,239430,16705444,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,SpoopyDoops,"Thought it would be like Portal, wasn't. Honestly it's pretty fun the first hour, but then it just divuldges into solving puzzles on a board, not puzzles within the enviornment. Seems forced and to make it worse the puzzles aren't really fun."
,Recommended,239430,12249244,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Pengy (MC94),"Has better features and is less buggy than Q.U.B.E, but frankly, I'd rather let the game tell the story than this unfitting voice that appears occasionally."
76561197970583603,Not Recommended,239430,30364719,Posted: 6 March,all,planyo,"This game could be a very good one, but instead it fails in some important points.The good:- Interesting concept, Portal-like puzzle, although much smaller world in every way.The bad and ugly:- Controlling the environment is grumpy and tiring. It is because the control is not responsive as fast as you would imagine it should be. You can guess what is the result: as you progress the game, the game gets more complex, but then it is more tiring to control, which is not fun or relaxing in any way.- I found the narrative quite disturbing, it was hardly interesting and mostly pointless. I would say this even, it has some revealing of story at the end. It just not worth your energy following narrative.- background music cannot be turned off, which is very annoying when you spend a couple hours in game. It gets monotone early, but if you switch off yound completely, then you are not able to hear environmental noises, or control effects, which can be help.Overall, I would only recommend this game if you want to see something refreshing, then is may worth a try.But the full game experience (without me playing DLCs) just lack fun overall, and lack the rewarding feeling or at least self-development in solving puzzles. Sorry QUBE. :/"
,Recommended,239430,22201386,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Marona,"Q.U.B.E, aka Quick Understanding (of) Block Extrusion, is an action puzzle game where you control various rooms with blocks.This Director's Cut version is a small, but needed expansion to the game. Some of the wording may be similiar from my Q.U.B.E review.Graphics: The graphics is blocks. No seriously...what were you expecting me to type? Anyways, the majority of the rooms you go through will be made of opaque white blocks. The blocks you can control are in colors. Yeah, that's it. Just to put it short, it is simple.Director's Cut Graphics: In my previous review, some of the stuff gave me motion sickness. However, some areas such as twisting rooms and the rotating rooms are fixed to accomodate that. Also, there are extra rooms and designs so that you won't be walking the same path over and over. Overall, a good improvement in this version.Controls: The controls are simple. You use your mouse buttons to either pull the cubes up or to push them back in. Also, there is jumping involved. The gravity is a little higher than normal fps games, like from valve.Gameplay: The goal of the game is to find a way to the next room or to solve puzzles in order for the next room to open. There are various puzzles in the game. The puzzles are simply climbing up to the next room, directing a ball into a hole, dyeing a ball a certain color and putting that in a hole, magnets to move blocks, and using your memory to note where blocks are in the dark. It seems like a lot, but luckily, the game walks you through from the beginner stage to the intermediate.Director's Cut Gameplay: In my previous review, I mentioned about that super hard magnet puzzle with the four small blocks. This puzzle was removed-thank goodness! Also, the difficulty curve has changed a bit, but in the more easy way. There are new puzzles and some puzzles removed. Still, an enjoyable experience for those who played the original Q.U.B.E game, or for those starting new.Story in Director's Cut: Finally! Some insight! The story has two people to guide you, the one to encourage you to complete and the other to stop what you're doing. However, the story is only in audio. However, there isn't much complexity in the story that will affect your gameplay or is required.Music: The music of this game is mostly ambience. Now, depending for some, it can either be slightly annoying or relaxing. To me, it was relaxing (except when it came to that room I described above).Music in Director's Cut: The music is a definite improvement. It's not just ambience this time, but actual music and beats to accompany.DLC: The DLC, ""Against the Qlock,"" is a small expansion to the current game with new puzzles with pickups to make it more fun. The goal for each puzzle is to complete it with as few moves as possible and/or as fast as possible.Is this Portal?: While this game has an atmosphere feel and mechanics like the game, ""Portal,"" it is not. The similiarities are, again the atmosphere and gameplay (excluding portals), using least amount of moves and completing the puzzles as fast as possible in the dlc, and the difficulty curve of the game. You may get a ""Portal"" vibe from this, but again, it is not.Overall: Q.U.B.E is another great action puzzle game that is a great addition to your library that is recommended to all, even to those who enjoy ""Portal"" or did not enjoy it.Regardless of how bland the interface looks, the gameplay stands up and shines in this game. The difficulty curve is great, with an exception of that one room. While the design of the game is simple, the puzzles introduced can be complexed and require thought. However, with training and a good amount of thinking, you can surely be ""Quick"" in ""Understanding"" of ""Block Extrusion.""Overall Director's Cut: Director's Cut is the much needed improvement from the original version of the game. With new puzzles, much needed fixes, music, and a story, this expansion is like reading the minds of the players who played the first game. While some people may be bummed out by missing the original game, there is no need for despair. It is mostly the same game, but with some modifications and new additions. Director's Cut is what Q.U.B.E should have been: An enjoyable, casual experience with various difficulty challenges for all.Pros:-Great difficulty curve. From easy at the beginning to hard at the end.-Many unique puzzles.-With DLC, more puzzles and more challenges.Pros for Director's Cut:-Hardest magnet puzzle removed-Difficulty curve improved.-New puzzles.-A story-Improvement on musicCons:-No story.-Bland graphics. Majority of rooms are just white blocks.-That one magnet room. Yes, I will never stop talking about it.Cons for Director's Cut:-Still some blandness for graphics, but not as bad as the previous."
,Recommended,239430,10210012,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Adipose Jose,"Similar to the portal games in some ways. Interesting, creative and fun."
,Recommended,239430,29700606,Posted: 4 February,all,Shizalk,"I liked so much the minimalist environment and the background music; it helps you to focus on the puzzles and chill. The story is not that good and there are things which are inspired from Portal, but I couldn't care less about it. I like a videogame for the gameplay and the fun that can be had, not the story. If I want a good story I go read a book or watch a movie.The puzzles are cool and some of them might be a little challenging. If it had some more levels, it would have been just perfect.I haven't found any bugs so far and it runs well on windows 8.If you like puzzle games, this one is a must. Don't let the bad reviews put you off.sound: 9/10graphics: 8/10story: 5/10puzzles: 9/10"
,Recommended,239430,24818458,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,King Link,"There's two parts to Q.U.B.E.  Like most games, there's the story and then there's the gameplay.The gameplay in Q. U. B. E. Director's Cut is actually quite good.  You start the game in a weird space built out of cubes, with a pair of gloves that allows you to interact with a small amount of the world, namely colored bricks.From this, the game is based on manipulating those bricks, traversing the levels, and exploring the world.And that's what Q.U.B.E. does exceedingly well.  I played this game back before the Director's Cut and remember one or two puzzles I had trouble with.  This time around, I only had a single problem with a puzzle (an annoying puzzle, but it's also the last one in the game I believe).    However the puzzles are a highlight of the game, and will make most fans of puzzle games or games where the goal is to merely traverse a level (like Portal) enjoy themselves.On the other hand there's a story, and to be honest, that's where the game falls apart.  The original Q.U.B.E. didn't have a story and I remember thinking ""Man I'd love to have some reasoning for me to do this.""  Hell I'm sure I suggested a portal-esque story.Unfortunately I got what I requested, and worse... well it's just bad.   The story itself feels disjointed, as if it was placed in the middle of an already complete game (which it was) and sadly the game isn't better for it.  The story, tries to be this deep probing or even contemplative thing.  But comes across as just manipulative and forgettable.  Even the ending is just there.  I like the puzzles, not the part where the game tries to talk to and interact with the player.I actually wish there was a way to not play the story (I still have Q.U.B.E. so I can just play the old version).  It's just not a good addition to the original game, luckily they have made it a free upgrade otherwise I would have been unable to recommend this version of the game.However with that being said, the gameplay is above average, there's some time attack maps that you can play that are actually quite difficult, there's a lot of enjoyment to be had on the first playthrough of the game.  Just don't expect an amazing story, or even a game you can play through more than once.   You'll spend a couple hours playing the game, and get a fun experience, but it's not going to blow any minds, and since it came out in the same year as Portal 2, it didn't win any awards.   That all being said, it's still a solid experience and quite enjoyable for fans of the puzzle genre."
,Recommended,239430,20688745,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,AzoreanEve,"Elegant and short first person puzzle platformer centred around the extrusion of blocks. I reccomend getting this version over the original as it comes with the DLC included, as well as some added content (new puzzles, achievements, and an actual story line with voice actors, which the original didn't have).Pros:-Minimalistic. It's a nice break from games with complex intricate environments filled with detail. There's not much background noise to distract you.-Good puzzles. The hardest puzzles are a nice challenge but not super tough (imo). If spatial puzzles are your thing then don't expect to spend 30min stuck in a room.-Short. Again, a good break from that drawn out campaign you're going through in that other game. You can explore everything in the main game here in 3.5h or less. Secret areas included.-Against the Qlock. The DLC gives you a bunch of short challenges with a ton of achievements. They do have a stressful change of pace but you can play them in many ways.-Those elegant hands and forearms. I feel strangely attracted to them.-Cool environments. Not all of them but there's some screenshot/recording-worthy moments.Cons:-Slapped on story. This version is basically the original with voice acting to give you some sense of story. Personally it rubbed me the wrong way. I prefered the mystery of not knowing anything (in a Myst like way) rather than feeling like I'm in a bad stereotyped American film. There were so many things that made no sense, so many plotholes.-Preformance issues? I'm not the only one. I'd like to see what the highest settings look like while still being able to have a good framerate (or is this just lag? I can't even tell). And this game doesn't demand much from the graphical part.-Linearity. While I like games to be linear when they do have a linear plot, it was confusing to reach the only part where the other characters instill you to make a choice and yet... there's no choice to be made. You just keep going forward. It becomes irrelevant whom you trust because there's only one way to progress in the game. Even if that's against your wishes.-Unpolished environment. Elements without collision. Invisible walls. Strange transitions in the secret areas.-Unskippable cutscenes. But hey, at least they are short. Unlike the slow and painful elevator rides added in so you'd listen to the monologues. I get what the developers were trying to do but I believe they went a bit overboard.All in all I enjoyed itt. The story, as bad as it felt, was bad in a laughable way. There were gorgeous rooms and corridors to be seen. The athmosphere was serene and somewhat mysterious. And the puzzles were accessible enough while still having some challenge in them that you'd feel accomplished. Yes, there's a bunch of things that could be better but they don't take the fun away from this game."
76561198036307397,Recommended,239430,31049831,Posted: 9 April,all,PatchyPatch,Get it on sale if you like spatial puzzles. Don't get it for the plot.
76561198047225269,Recommended,239430,28289145,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,cka,"If you like Portal, Talos Principle, especially ANTICHAMBER, you will love this game."
,Recommended,239430,10833233,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Spaceman Atlas,"The original version of Q.U.B.E. was published in 2011. Recently, about a month ago, a revamped version of the game popped up in my library, so I decided to play the game again and see how it goes.Q.U.B.E. is a puzzle game, with a visual style that resembles Portal, and as such it was largely lauded as a Portal-esque by the majority of the gaming world. As a puzzler, the game is great, albeit it could be considered a bit short. You use cube-shaped blocks of various properties to beat the consecutive rooms. The mechanics are simple, but the puzzles are challenging, as it should be; I finished the main campaign in three hours, although I did leave some secrets unchecked. This was my second playthrough though, so I would estimate the first to take about twice as long.The Director's Cut version added a story element, largely advertised by the developers... and unfortunately, it gives off a vibe of being a simple overlay on the original version of the game. The plot is mainly just snippets of voice transmission, and the information given to you by those voices is not only unconnected to the gameplay, but also a blatant attempt to evoke an emotional response... which is futile, as there is no relation between the story and the world the player is placed in. Not to mention that the whole story is just two characters trying to convince you that you are what they say you are, and the other person is lying. Not cool.The Against the Qlock DLC, which added timed challenges and leaderboards, also seems to be part of this release. However the gameplay of the challenges seems... not very well thought out - without spoiling too much, the puzzle-solving mechanics of the single-player are not the optimal strategy; to get a good time, you need to collect power-ups. Some of them are mandatory, and some of them affect your time, mostly positively; abandoning the crux of the game to use simple power-ups doesn't seem like a good idea to me. Although, I guess contrary to Portal challenges there's a lot less freedom, and in consequence the puzzles are more streamlined, so they needed to introduce something that could speed up the gameplay.Overall... Having played the original Q.U.B.E., it was a good puzzler. The Director's Cut didn't add any value to the game; it might have arguably removed some (the cheesy plot ruins the ambience the game had before). I'd still recommend it on its current price. €1.49 is not a big ask, and the game is genuinely rewarding. It's just... trying to be Portala bittoo much."
,Recommended,239430,33205040,Posted: 3 July,all,FlyDogFish,"This is a solid puzzle platformer which means it has to be compared to the best in this genre.The puzzles are rather easy for Portal veterans. The difficulty curve isn't as gradual as in the Portal games, but much better than in the Talos Principle. All puzzles up to sector 5 felt a bit too easy, after that there were some that had just about the right difficulty for me, and one that was frustrating because of imprecise controls (the one called ""the hardest puzzle in the game). Despite all that the puzzles are fun to play and don't get boring at any time.The game isn't quite as polished as Portal 1/2, but it has it's own blocky style and unique atmosphere, especially in the darker sectors. The story is interesting and managed to surprise me in the end, but nevertheless seems like an afterthought (which is no wonder since it was added only later to this director's cut version because of users' requests).What I really hated about this game game was too much walking and extremely slow elevators that unnecessarily and artificially stretched the game. Be warned that some twisting of the walls while riding some of the elevators might give you motion sickness, but you can easily look away when riding those.Given its low price, it's worth every cent, especially if you get it at 75% off like I did."
76561198089052394,Recommended,239430,20381521,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"Q.U.B.E.: Director's Cut			* 7/10I was looking for a puzzle game in the style of Portal and I came up with this one.+++Pros+++- Puzzles. They made up a very nice and intriguing set of puzzles. If you're expecting the classic 3 colour platforms you're wrong. Soon there will be more platforms in different colours and with different funcions improving the depht of the puzzles.- Setting. The ambience is always made by minimalist white padded rooms, but there are some rooms and passagers that show a very beautiful and intricated level design.- Story. Lost in space, without memory and your base trying to drive you to safety. Nice setting...---Cons---- ...But I was expecting a Turning Point that never happened. So the end is quite simple and predictable.- Quite ShortThey could have put a little more effort in this title. If they did this game could have been a little gem emerging from the mass. Too bad."
76561198061846148,Recommended,239430,12670481,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Irishwolf,Q.U.B.E. touches something deep and personal and it makes you question a lot of things. The emotional story accompagnied with a beauiful soundtrack and a lot of chestnuts to crack makes this a must play for puzzle fans.
,Recommended,239430,12837031,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,G2 Rizzo,"First of: I am a huge fan of first person puzzle games, the more mindbending they are, the more i enjoy them with Portal 2 and Thinking With Time Machine on the top of my list.The mechanism in Q.U.B.E. intrigued me, so i thought i'd give it a try. After waking up in completely sterile room you hear a voice over the radio telling you that you are somewhere in space, and you probably lost you memory of why you're there or even who you are. The only other thing they tell you is that the planet (or whatever it is you're on) is going to crash into earth, and you are humanity's only hope.... So, you know, no pressure. After that the game starts, you have these special gloves with which you can manipulate blocks.Pro's- Fun puzzles- Cool new mechanism to solve puzzles- Progressive build up in difficultyNeutral- Minimalist design. I guess if you're into that sort of thing you wouldn't mind, but personally i prefer a little more art directionCon's- Some levels require ninja skills, not pro ninja skills or anything, but i like my puzzles based on the ability to figure out how to solve them instead of fast finger skills- Barely a story line, although i haven't played it fully through so maybe it'l surprise me- Barely any sound designConclusion:If you're a fanatic puzzler and you're up for a refreshing puzzle game: go for it!"
,Recommended,239430,12854789,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,FreakRunner (TWOFORT QUEEN),"Fantastically stylized and atmospheric Q.U.B.E: Director's Cut, gives players the opportunity experience what made Q.U.B.E. so fun and challenging, while incorporating a compelling narrative that made this game even more rewarding. With Q.U.B.E: Director's Cut, the player is given essentially the same game (graphics, puzzles, etc...) with a voice over and story attached. If you like Portal, you're going to like this, its mix of challenges and minimal style make it addictive and appealing to look at, because odds are if you’re good at first person puzzle games, you'll beat this in one sitting. The controls don’t feel constrictive nor are they over whelming, simply put; you have a glove that manipulates blocks on walls, which sounds easier than it is. If you aren't one to nit-pick, the story is interesting for what it's worth and the buildup towards the finally is beyond worth the wait. The voice acting is also impressive considering this is an indie game that costs less than half of a regular title while managing to look better too.Visuals: 9/10The game does look good and when in optimal settings on the correct monitor looks near lifelike or at the very least will make you say ""wow"".Story: 8/10With the game being about 3 hours the first play through, the story is more than adequate, keeping the player guessing as to what’s really going on while still being interesting and exciting.Replay ability: 7/10Like other games of the genre it has speed runs, but that’s really where it ends, the stories ok a second time through but it doesn’t have the same affect twice.Challenge: 8/10It's unique, really. Being able to manipulate your surroundings isn’t anything super new or exiting, but the way it’s done is impressive. Some of the puzzles will be quite difficult the first time through while some are just down right fun and awesome, specifically the blue platforms. They aren’t so difficult that your get bored or angry nor are the too easy and just flat out lame.As with all games, the first section is to get the player oriented while the levels afterwords will put your mind to work.Would I recommend this game? An overwhelming Yes. Unless you were sucked into the original by its lack of a story and explanation, buy this game. It's a perfect example of what can be done with a good idea and the right elements. Personally, id put this up there with Mirrors Edge, Portal, or any highly praised indie game. The story is there, along with the visuals and game play, especially being that this game is only $10, it’s not Portal, but it’s right there with it.Solid 9/10 all considered.Many many times better than most big budget games being released every year."
,Not Recommended,239430,12006917,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,FBarbarian ✪,"I don't recommend this game for one simple reason - it's not worth the money. 10 euro is not enough for a game you can beat in 2 hours. If you can buy it for 3 euro or less it's worth, any higher price is not suitable for this game.Now about the game:[+] The director's cut has some sort of a storyline added. The story is not very interesting, but it's more than nothing... at least you're not feeling that alone.[+] The game lets you figure everything out by yourself which is nice, finally a change from all those games who narrate you trough the whole game and tell you everything before you have the chance to think about it.[+] The design is pretty simple and clean.[- ] At the end of every chapter there is a bright white light flash... no idea why did they decide to put that? Bad choise... it really hurts the eyes.[- ] The game is short[- ] The game is pretty much over after you beat it once. There is some thing called ""beat the clock"" where you try to run and get to the finish line in time, but in my opinion it's very boring.The game pretty much tries to look like portal - they kinda got it with the nice and neat rooms, but yet... kinda not there. Portal is the kind of game I can play more than once, Q.U.B.E is not. Again - if you can get this game for under 3 euro it's worth the 2 hours of fun."
,Recommended,239430,19974194,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Affe,"Best game! I absolutly LOVE IT, the story is so god."
,Not Recommended,239430,33762693,Posted: 24 July,all,fonaro,"The puzzles are amazingly straight forward. I didn't have to put any thought into solving any of the puzzles, but they are very time-consuming. This makes the game unbearable. I had to close the game after each puzzle because it annoyed me too much. I hope some day I will be able to finish it. Not because it is hard because it is boring."
76561198082744807,Recommended,239430,13578114,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Biped,"Amazing game. I was sceptical at first because I thought it was just a copy of Portal, but even though it does copy that game a lot, it is an extraordinary game of it's own. The puzzles are logical and rewarding, the atmoshere intriguing, and I even cared about the story. If you are a puzzle game fan, do  not miss this game!"
,Recommended,239430,10413052,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Chammy,"Q.U.B.E. (Quick Understanding of Block Extrusion) was always a favorite puzzler of mine. While bordering on the whitewashed, clean, and scientific feel of Portal in the visuals department, it still stood out on it's own, with fun and intuitive extrusion mechanics that made solving every puzzle both a learning experience and a reward. Unfortunately, the first game always lacked one thing: a good narrative. It was unfortunate that, as the protagonist, you made your way in complete silence through the abstract yet immersive environment of Q.U.B.E.Director's Cut addressed that.Director's Cut adds a touching and suspenseful narrative to an otherwise excellent puzzle game, to great success. I played the whole thing in one sitting, and never once did my poor posterior get a break fron the grinding point of the edge of my seat. The narrative keeps you guessing until the very end, and in that reguard, I happily hail Directors Cut as an effective and evocative replacement to the original Q.U.B.E.Now get out there and start extruding!"
,Recommended,239430,27774110,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,GreenEarth,"Director's Cut is the only version I've played, some reviewers say that the original didn't have the ""story"" element which I can imagine would work well with this game. For me the story was okay nothing cringey. I enjoyed the gameplay and the learning process involved. Very aesthetically pleasing game I found myself pressing F12 many many times. Music is also great, sets the atmosphere well it's up there with Portal's soundtrack. Definitely check it out."
76561198073392578,Recommended,239430,11188967,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Planktonimore,"This was one of the coolest games I've played. It's a puzzle game where you use special gloves to push blocks  in and out of walls and do advanced puzzles. I'm not 100% sure if the puzzles are exactly the same as Q.U.B.E. because I ragequitted on Q.U.B.E. because of an extremely hard level. That was a long time ago ayway so my memory is a little fuzzy. Anyway, get this game and play it and I'm sure you will have fun."
76561198062530471,Recommended,239430,28779295,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,marioq82,"I never played the original version, but this is a pretty good game.  Story is intruiging, if you don't choose to pick it apart.  It's a short game, so I'd definitely recommend picking it up during a sale."
,Recommended,239430,33527726,Posted: 13 July,all,TheFrozenTurtle,"Short and sweet puzzle game with interesting mechanics, good difficulty, and an interesting story woven in.  Highly recommend it.  Looking forward to Q.U.B.E 2."
,Recommended,239430,20798749,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Gordo,"Great game. Thought provoking with a pretty good back story. At first, I wanted music, but it's kind of creepy to be so quiet."
,Recommended,239430,20072415,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,weeb,"Are you an analphabet? Worry not my friend, as this game proves that even you can make a good game if you try!Pros:- Interesting mechanics. The cube mechanic is really interesting and would've been good for a level editor, missed opportunity.- Good visuals. It's very clean and looks very nice.- Hard puzzles.Cons:- Hard puzzles. The puzzles may be a little bit too ♥♥♥♥ed up for a casual play, but if you're okay with this kind of game, you can ignore that.- Bad voice-acting and story. I would've prefered if it was completely silent, like, apparently, the original cut.- Cringy graphic options. It gives you limited options to change your graphic setup, so you need a mildly good PC to handle it since you can't tweak it to a less power-hungry setting. Claps for giving the Dynamic Lights option, even when it severely degrades the gaming experience, and giving the option to the player. But unfortunately, they forgot everything else. It runs roughly 20-25 fps on an Intel HD 5500/Intel i3 2.00GHz x 4 setup with Ubuntu 15.10.- Fullscreen options. And if things are already bad with the terribly limited console-like graphic options, they ♥♥♥♥ed with the fullscreen as well. The game won't run in any resolution lower than yours on fullscreen (at least on Ubuntu), which means you're SEVERELY limited if you don't have a good machine.Overall, the pros are really strong, but the cons as well, if you have a powerful machine, a brain for puzzles and can handle the voice-acting, it's a strong recommendation. If you want something better balanced, doesn't have a very powerful machine and is picky with voice-acting, I would recommend to take that Portal 2 out of the shelf."
76561197974046543,Recommended,239430,10277710,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Arno,"If you liked Portal, definitely pick this up. You're manipulating (parts of) your environment rather than creating teleporters, but either way it's a really fun first-person physics puzzle game. My only complaint is that it's kinda short...hopefully one day we'll see a Q.U.B.E. 2.This is the ""Director's Cut"" version of the game, which is almost exactly the same as the original, with the following differences:1) In the original, you're just by yourself with no idea of what's going on, where you are, why you're there, etc. The DC version has some ""narration"" that provides something of a plot. Whether this is a good thing is kinda a matter of personal preference; the game doesn't reallyneeda plot, and some people like the mystery. Personally, I felt that it added an extra dimension to things, but I see where the other side is coming from; just look at the movie Blade Runner for an example of how adding a narration track can ruin the atmosphere.2) The hardest puzzle in the original game (Section 6 Puzzle 4, which corresponds to the original's ""Tough Going, Part 2"" achievement) is gone. Now, I can already hear the Super Meat Boy/Dark Souls fans who haven't played through Q.U.B.E. lamenting the ""dumbing down"", but trust me...this is a case for rejoicing and fanfare. The puzzle was really hard to begin with, which is fine; however, the game physics weren't (and still aren't, since that part of the engine hasn't been changed for the DC version) up to snuff for producing the required precision, so 75% of the time even when you did the puzzle correctly it still wouldn't work. For the curious, the DC version's ""Tough Going"" achievement is the same as the original game's ""Tough Going, Part 1"".3) A few extra puzzles (fun ones, but IMO no new noteworthy ones) and some ""filler"" areas were added to allow the narration to occur between puzzles without making the player stop."
,Recommended,239430,10886532,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DirtyFishy,"For my review about the previous version, click here.http://steamcommunity.com/id/dirtyfishy/recommended/203730/Right, this is the updated version to QUBE, this version adds the full game and the DLC as well, so it's a pretty good deal (if you like time trials). More importantly it adds a narrative, You start the game with amnesia and a broken radio (which is a good way of explaining why the protagonist doesn't speak although waking up with amnesia is kind of clichéd, but whatever)THe voice acting for the most part was surprisingly good, the male voice actor especially should be commended, however a few lines for the female VA were a little naff at times and I cringed at the part where she starts (she's a Astronaut/scientist by the way) crying when she heard 'God is dead'Both characters try to convince you that they're telling the truth and the other person is lying, which they do both make good points, which led me to incredibly uncertain on who to trust.Unfortunately, there is only one ending this time around, which with both characters trying to persuade you, you'd think there would be two choices at the end.Due to the fact that you wake up with amnesia you aren't really told why or how you've got those gloves or what you are really doing there.Due to spoilers, I'll have to be pretty vague but apparently doing puzzles helps you 'complete your mission' (your mission is revealed about halfway through as the female on the radio explains every 30 minutes or so (depending on progression) once she has a clear signal to radio you).Overall, there are some improvements that are worthy of taking a look at if you have never played the original or if you are just curious. However, there isn't much to warrant a purchase if you have already spent the money on the original/DLC."
76561198088264219,Recommended,239430,33120408,Posted: 2 July,all,chsk,"Proprietary name: Q.U.B.E: Director's CutDosage form: Digital downloadComposition: First person physics-based puzzle game.Pharmacological classification: Antidepressant.Indications: Q.U.B.E. Director's Cut is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of depression resulting from Portal withdrawal.Contraindications: Knuckle-walking. Grunting. Thinking-induced headaches. Rugby addiction.Known side effects and special precautions: Dosage in excess of those recommended may result in bed sores, sleep loss and/or bloodshot eyes.Treatment for overdosage: Get a job."
76561197993473943,Recommended,239430,10394885,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,broozar,"Welcome to the indie-indie-version of indie-Portal, or so it would seem. Both games are puzzle games at heart, placed in a sterile test chamber environment, similar in length, style, ""plot"" and overall design. The thing is, Portal is the smarter, prettier, funnier and more interesting game, while QUBE never leaves the shadow of its inspirational cousin, never tries to establish a truly unique gameplay element or atmosphere. The feeling of playing a copycat never leaves you during the the 3 hours it lasts.Still a recommendation, because in the end, i did have my fair share of fun with it. Grab it on sale and turn off the sound."
,Recommended,239430,10454447,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Spoopoklos,"Let's start with the end of a review. Should you buy this game? Yes, even at full price.I first played this game when it first released on PC. I did not come around to finishing it. A couple of weeks ago though, the Director's Cut edition got released (and added for free in my Library, loved that) so I decided to give it a go again.The game has a clear story now and it's an awesome addition. It kept me going, until I finished the game in one sitting. It took me 2-3 hours. For those who think that this is not enough, there are challenge missions to keep you busy for quite some time.Back to the story part, the story itself was good. It felt like a psychological/mystery thriller and not a predictable one! Also the whole game gives you a sense of isolation, even though there are people talking to you through your character's communication thingy.When it comes to the game's visual assets, the models look really good. The textures of the other hand vary. Your hands have great textures, the textures of the rooms look good too but they are really plain and simple and some textures are just ugly and look really old. Thankfully the ugly ones are rarely seen. Also, it run butter smooth on my machine (Quad Core @ 2.8GHz and a GTX450) with all the settings maxed up, unless the game had to render flames, when the fps dropped to hell.A problem I had with the game, was its lack of an FOV Slider. The stock FOV was really low for me and the only way to change it is by tweaking the game's files. I played it with the stock FOV and I got used to it, but I would have rather played it with something I find more comfortable.The voice acting was excellent! I was really surprised by its quality! Especially the main two characters where completely believable and full of emotions. And the music really set the tone of the game, spooking you out all the way, start to end.Finally, the puzzles themselves where really varied. You did not have enough time to get bored of one kind, because a new one appeared, taking the spotlight, until the next one appeared. Sadly, I considered them to be on the easy side, but I had the same problem with Portal 2, so if you've played that, expect a similar experience.The game seems to have been heavily influenced by Portal, at least during it's really early stages. Despite that, it manages to differentiate itself, slowly at the start and stronger as the plot moves on.TL:DRPuzzles: 7.5/10, Aesthetic: 10/10, Graphics: 6.5/10, Music: 8/10, Voice Acting 10/10.Overall a must play if you like Puzzles and thriller-like stories. 101% worth its full price."
,Recommended,239430,20605094,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,p0rtalmaster,"I have never played Q.U.B.E before.  But judging by my playtime I seemed to have been very good at it.  Maybe it's that I'm good at puzzle games.  Or it could be that I had a natural intuition for the mechanics.  Either way, I could imagine that some people who aren't as good at puzzle games as I am would have trouble and wind up having double the amount of playtime I had.  The most troubling thing for me is the pacing of this game.  I understand that part of that is for the sake of the puzzles, but it really could've been made a bit faster so that we don't feel like we're plowing through molasses.What I don't understand is why people compare this game to Portal other than the fact that they're both first-person puzzlers (well, this game is more of a puzzle-platformer than a puzzler, but I digress).  Let's be clear: this game isvery differentfrom Portal.  It has no portals, unlike Antichamber for instance, and it has no buttons and very few lasers, and so the puzzle mechanics are flat outdifferent.That being said, I will say that this game resembles Portal in its tiled andbehind-the-scenesenvironments.  But even there you'll find differences, I can guarantee you.And speaking of game mechanics, there are 5 main mechanics in this game, but there are also plenty more underused ones, encountered in the latter half of the game.Next up: the story.  It's a simple story told through two voices — not entirely unheard of.  At times it did make me wonder what the ending was going to be, but otherwise it only helped enhance theincreasingly bleak and freakyenvironment in the latter portion of the game.The UI was simple — perhaps too simple.  Even Antichamber (another UDK game) had more flexibility.  At least it had some basics.Overall: 7.5/10UPDATE: I just realized that this game include theAgainst The QlockDLC as part of its deal, so now you can complete all of the achievements if you try hard enough.  However I have to say that this game, with its semi-irresponsive clicking, is not particularly friendly for speedrunning.  If I could post a review there as well I would.  At any rate, don't let this discourage you from the main game.UPDATE 2: Now I recently saw some playthroughs of the original Q.U.B.E.  I only wish I could've been able to buy that version on Steam instead of the Director's Cut, as itseemedwas better."
,Recommended,239430,25759861,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,LB,"I'm disappointed with this game. I never played the original, but I saw playthroughs of it. The director's cut edition merely adds a weird ""story"" and doesn't seem to have fixed the buggy physics or refactored the trial-and-error puzzles. There is not enough variety. There aren't even enough options in the menus for things like keybinds and graphical settings. This is effectively a version 1.1 labeled as a 2.0.I'd like to quote my friend:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorAs someone who's played both the original and the Director's Cut, and as a huge fan of puzzles in general, I have to agree: this game was disappointing. The concept is great, and some puzzles are awesome, but the execution felt very shallow, weak and poorly planned. The graphics are okay, I like simplistic games, but they went a bit too ""portal-y"" with the ""behind the scenes"" and ""destroyed environments"". The physics is buggy, hella buggy actually, and some puzzles are just, like you said, trial and error.I did get the ""hardest"" puzzle more easily by just aligning the pairs of blocks against the red cubes instead of using the magnets and timing. But overall,I'd say Q.U.B.E is a 6/10 game. Could have been great if it had been worked on better and if it was better planned, executed and tested. The story also felt shallow in my opinion, but I still had fun with this game AND withthe lets play!﻿Since this game is ""above average"" I can recommend it, but just barely."
76561198164217961,Recommended,239430,13162619,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,P.C.,"As a fan of puzzle games:This is an excellent game ! I strongly recommend it !+ Challenging puzzles+ Good controls, including xbox 360 controller+ Average story, reminding of portal's.- Soundtrack- Short ( 3-4 hours ) - got stuck in some puzzles.- No community maps"
,Recommended,239430,10338488,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,A Toaster,"Similiar to Portal, this game is very fun, with a good storyline and puzzles that make you think. I enjoyed the hell out of this game."
76561198031334075,Recommended,239430,10247477,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,CntrlAltL337,"[SPOILERS]I just got done typing a review for the original QUBE, the one where they had the game full of puzzles and said ""solve it up."" I honestly don't like the Director's Cut better than the original. Maybe it was because I enjoyed the ambience of the game with its soundtrack playing and the light sounds of blocks shifting back and forth. Now they have added people speaking in the game. You never speak, some woman at the ISS speaks for you because your radio is broken and you can't send out, you can listen, though. All characters talk too much about faith and god when really I kind of just wanted to solve some puzzles. So the story is lackluster, gameplay feels a little better and would probably be extremely fun with the Oculus Rift, but the story still takes a bite into the gameplay. Also, there is a happy ending, you have no control over this. I would have felt better if the game sent me into a deep fryer than pushing me out in space like it did in the original.All in all, it isn't bad, just feels a little more shallow even if it does have more stuff. There's a legitimate time trial and the voice actors feel human, but their portrayal feels off. It doesn't feel right for me, but hey, now we have new levels and we can try to beat the leaderboards."
,Recommended,239430,13612314,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Fiinix,if you like puzzles buy it. nothing more to say
76561197994954597,Recommended,239430,13620793,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Suvaco de Cobra,Excellent game
,Recommended,239430,15197531,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,fin150,"very fun, qube was actually the very first game i ever baught on steam so it was fun to go back and replay it when the dirrectors cut came out with a full blown story. it is very fun and hard."
,Not Recommended,239430,26100939,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Nifaro,"Short, boring story, puzzles too easy. Not worth IMHO."
,Recommended,239430,18383034,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Shingen,"Pretending to be simply a combination of original Q.U.B.E. with its DLC, ""Against the Qlock"", it is in fact much more, because it contains a piece that the original game lacked severely - a story.The story, while being quite naive, makes the game much more interesting and entertaining to play through.Director's Cut also contains 2 additional hidden puzzles, as well as much needed sound effects for some of the objects.The only thing it lacked - from what I've noticed - is a puzzle that I've found quite unreliable to solve and hence frustrating, so you don't miss much.It still does, however, contain few bugs that pop up while trying to do pretty basic stuff.Speedrun levels are challenging, but despite what some reviewers wrote, after finding a proper route they were relatively easy to beat, even at the achievement pace (beat developer's time).What was weird, is that in few levels it's possible to beat them BELOW the ""least amount of moves"" without glitching anything out. On the other hand,you (afaik) have to use an invisible block to get that achievement in the last level, which I find really dumb."
,Not Recommended,239430,35431921,Posted: 2 October,all,yptrumpet,"Disappointing game. The interactions are simple, the puzzles are easy, the controls are frustrating, movement is slow, and the story is total garbage. I am unsure whether to finish this game, or save myself the time and frustration.Pretty cubes, tho."
76561198171146837,Recommended,239430,33489104,Posted: 12 July,all,evawdnuoScimotA,"Q.U.B.E. is a good puzzle game with enough different mechanics to be interesting enough to play through thewhole game.There are 7 sectors and each have a different way of doing things.1; Intodiucing what will be used  throughout the later sectors.They are kind of the same up to 5.5; is the darker sector where you have to reveal each object unlike the previous 4.6; Lasers, these were probably the most interesting in the whole game.7; Stuff under glass,I recommend this game if you want to relax while playing and like puzzles but not too hard, like minimal graphics and don't really care for story as it was kind of not good."
76561198101444505,Recommended,239430,13594677,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,EpicHobbit13,Great mind challenge
,Recommended,239430,13451907,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ToH1N,Good game
76561198201533746,Not Recommended,239430,33044669,Posted: 30 June,all,sad milk,"This game is frustrating to play, not because of difficult puzzles, but because of the fact you can only act on one onject at a time, which is incredibly limiting in how you can solve puzzles and it also disrupts the flow of the game. The puzzles themselves are also incredibly unsatisfying to complete."
,Recommended,239430,23219947,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,BluePaw,"Review for the original version, however I bought it before it went off the store:http://steamcommunity.com/id/BluePaw/recommended/203730/Thoughts are the same, however this version was more optimized for better performing computers. I have issues with frame-rate jittering to dropping below 30 (I prefer 30 minimum or steady).The additional story it offers is good, but I'm torn of which version I prefer: story or silence. It did give context of what you were doing there and such.QUBE:DC does provide the Against the Qlock DLC in it instead of sperately, less money spent for achievement hunters, however the original version requires a purchase and I don't know if current owners can still get the DLC for it.Despite all that, QUBE:DC is still good and enjoyable if you liked Portal.-----Check out more games I see that deserve more attention from my curator group:BluePaw's Underrated Games ListJoin and/or follow if you wish."
,Not Recommended,239430,13140672,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Haas,I think the story is pretty dull and the puzzles are way to annoying.It is more like I was lucky instead that I was smart.
,Not Recommended,239430,25449486,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,voximity,"This review explains the game itself and the differences between the original QUBE and its Director's Cut form.QUBE itself's pros:Futuristic and cool looking game. Fun mechanics.Cons:Awful physics engine. Awful beyond belief. Short and very hard. Repetitive puzzles.Director's Cut pros:I mean I guess you have something to listen to now?Cons:Removed the original game's soundtrack and added a lousy storyline with plenty of good ol' plotholes.I spent 5 hours on the original game quite a long time ago and gave up because of one puzzle that was so hard. I've since completed Director's Cut in merely 2 hours. I was very frustrated by the end. If you really want this game, play the demo. It's as good as it gets. If you're willing to invest the money, I guess that's your choice."
,Recommended,239430,10243709,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Scratch-O,"Apparently there was some controversy about not giving this to owners of the original for free, and a bunch of people decided to spam the store page with negative reviews until the dev did so. Rest assured that these people are over-entitled morons, and that this game is awesome. It's like Portal mixed with that movie about regular hexahedrons. You know, that one what got the dude melting in it."
,Recommended,239430,12695813,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Zincoshine,This game is good for what it promises but it is too short to be worth 10 dollars. Only buy this if it costs 5 dollars or less.
,Recommended,239430,10255166,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Rygasary,"This game... it's just way better than the first Q.U.B.E.Of course it doesn't add much, but those little plus make the game WAY better.First of all, let's talk about the new story:I can't really tell you anything about it, you will discover it yourself, for a better experience, but all I can say is that it's really deep, and there is a high probability that you may cry a bit at the end. I won't say more.Now, the new soundtrack:A new soundtrack, completly redone, that fit really well to the story and the atmosphere of the game.It might be just a bit... but trust me, I had a whole other idea in my head with the first one, and what appear to be the true story is way better that my idea was. I higly recomand you to buy it.And also, it comes with the DLC of the previous game for free."
,Recommended,239430,13131589,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Emodius,THIS GAME HASE LOTS OF THINGS AND IS WAY BETTER THAN QUBE. IN THIS GAME THERE IS AN ACTUAL STORY BUT THE ORIGINAL ONE DOUS NO AND THIS ONE HAS MORE LEVELS.GET QUBE DIRECTORS CUT AND NOT QUBE!!! PLUS THAY COST THE EXACT SAME!!!!!JUST GET THIS GAME NOT QUBE!!!!
76561198041557212,Not Recommended,239430,13329400,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Dad Hacker Maq,"The story gets in way of puzzles way too much - it would be okay if one wasn't forced to listen to it. Puzzles are a bit on the easy side. Really short, only 3 hours. Not worth 10€. Worth if you can buy it for much less."
76561198041125611,Recommended,239430,12992090,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Cheese Spoon,portal 3?
76561198030695790,Not Recommended,239430,28091944,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cybran Red Wolf,"""How would solving puzzles in an alien space ship fix anything?!""This line actuily ruined the story for me. Because its 100% right.It makes me realise that Q.U.B.E. could have been something so much more."
76561198084523484,Recommended,239430,10924099,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Of Bryce And Men,'S GOOD. Many puzzle. Much confusion. wow.
,Not Recommended,239430,19870358,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,GooseAttack,"The original Q.U.B.E is one of my favorite puzzle games, and the only criticism I had with it was that a couple of the puzzles were disproportionately hard; one so much so that even when watching a walkthrough alongside it I couldn't get the timing right and so never actually completed the game, getting so frustrated that I had to watch a playthrough just to see how it ended.When I saw that there was a Director's Cut in my steam list I was a little excited because I imagined they might have balanced these puzzles a bit and maybe I could complete it myself this time? So I eagerly fired it up, but oh no. Ohhh noooo. It's like they had a competition to fit as many bad storytelling tropes as they could into a game that *doesn't have a story*. Now there's a poorly-acted disembodied voice in your ear telling you what to do. You have amnesiea. You've very important. Follow their instructions. Oh, and did I mention that they SPOIL THE ENDING WITHIN THE FIRST THREE MINUTES OF THE GAME.I cannot for the life of me understand why anyone would have thought this was an okay thing to do. It's a horrible and unecesscary perversion to what was very nearly a perfect little game. Play the original, it's fantastic (right up to a point) but give this version of it a wide berth unless you're interested in a good example of how not to handle exposition."
76561198276362891,Recommended,239430,34881133,Posted: 11 September,all,Fulllegal,"Nice game! but short, maybe you can give 2 parts in a game pack. Director's cut same with C.U.B.E. so it can not count."
76561198040359752,Not Recommended,239430,13010605,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Dig Doug,"If you're debating whether to play this or the original, they're both fantastic games. The main difference in this one is a new soundtrack and a story. If you're only playing it for the puzzles, the original might be a better choice.*STORY SPOILERS AHEAD*I liked the story at first, but it was obvious that it was somewhat shoehorned in, as there are a large amount of inconsistancies. The man Jonathon Burns managed to convince me that I was underground, as he actually made some good points as far as the symbols on the walls being recognisably human, and there being no windows. I was actually looking for something else to do other than take the escape pod at the end. It seems a shame that his paranoia actually made more sense than the rest of the game. Now that he is pointing these thing out, we can't dismiss is as ""video game logic"", they now become serious flaws in the game's story.*END SPOILERS*With that being said, the delivery of the story is well done. Both of the main voice actors did there jobs very well, and the writing was spot on as well. It's almost like they set up this story to fail, as if they had spent a little more time on it ironing out inconsistancies, maybe making an alternate ending, it would have been a really great game. In it's current form though, I would recommend the original over this one, but both can certainly be enjoyed for the puzzles."
,Not Recommended,239430,13337240,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Sockman,"I liked the puzzles a bit... Sometimes they got a bit annoying, though. What really did it for me was the plot. I enjoyed it for most of the game, until the end. It's VERY disappointing. If this game is on sale, it's pretty worth it. But otherwise, don't get it."
,Not Recommended,239430,13851593,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Treadlight,"So what's different about the Director's Cut?  Well, it has a narrative now.  Instead of the calm and isolated atmosphere, there's a tacked on narrative that reduces it to a panic.  It may be interesting to listen to the cliché drama on a second playthrough of the game, but it's nothing special.  Get the original version, it's a much more meaningful experience over there."
,Recommended,239430,35299361,Posted: 29 September,all,CausingNickel,Played the original version in 2013. Now played Director's Cut and it reminded me that wonderful atmosphere of this game. That 7.99€ was worth it. Specially when Q.U.B.E. 2 is comming next year.
,Not Recommended,239430,15033652,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"They've added a story and new music in this version of the game and with that they've completely ruined it's initial minimalistic beauty and grace.If you are choosing between this version and the original, I strongly suggest you to choose the original game."
,Recommended,239430,13825873,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Philo,เกมปริศนาคล้ายๆกับ portal ที่ต้องแก้ปริศานเพื่อผ่านแต่ละด่าน จะยากขึ้นเรื่อยๆตามลำดับ แต่ไม่ยากเกินความสามารถของเราคะแนน 9/10
,Not Recommended,239430,22756185,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Knight Artorias,"Play the original, story is kinda unneeded."
,Recommended,239430,31437606,Posted: 29 April,all,ChλrlιsD5,It is definitely worth playing!
,Recommended,239430,12569489,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Wysiwyg,"First thing you should do is throw out all comparisons to Portal. The story, puzzles, and game mechanics are not related to Portal in any way.  There is a narrative which is entertaining, though I wish the 'decision' at the end really was in the hands of the player. The controls are good, the puzzles are varied and will make you think. It's a good way to kill an afternoon."
,Recommended,239430,12396912,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,NicksterMagster,Great storyline with some very unique puzzle sovling. 9/10
,Recommended,239430,10259271,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Beamur14,"If you're at all a fan of the first Q.U.B.E game, you will probably find the narration and story telling to be a great addition to the experience. Like others have said, this probably could have been added as (free) dlc, but I actually ended up getting this game for free since I owned the first one. When I originally played the first one, I felt like something was missing from the game since there was a distictive lack of context. The addition of story telling to this version definitely made it better and definintely added closure to the whole experience. If you don't have it yet and are interested, try to nab it on sale or even at full price. I haven't even touched the included DLC yet!"
,Recommended,239430,10267837,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Blitzkrieg Bob,"If you're gonna get this game, get the Director's Cut.The new score and the voice acting gives the game so much more depth, but it also makes it 10x scarier. Ending gave me chills."
76561198098063004,Recommended,239430,24021411,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,frikandel speciaal,"I highly recommend the game. The game has a great athmosphere and the gameplay is both challenging and fun. Ofcourse, this is a puzzle game so if you dont like having to think and use your head while gaming i do not recommend it. Even though this is a puzzle game it has a great story aswell. I am half way through the game and i love it..The story is about you trapped inside a facility full of puzzle rooms, but during the gameplay you hear 2 different voices, one man and one woman. The woman is telling you that you're in space and the man is telling you that you are underground. Which one of those it is is for you to find out.I rate this game 8/10."
,Recommended,239430,21829694,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Musica,I really hope Valve's new VR has this set up on launch
,Recommended,239430,21864355,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Pharap,"A very interesting and cinematic game.It's very hard to not compare it to Portal because both are puzzle games that revolve around the notion of cube-based puzzles in a white/grey ruined science facility.However, unlike most other games the comparison is well earned.Q.U.B.E.'s puzzles are just as challenging, and its narrative is just as satisfying (albeit shorter and taking a more serious tone). I am still not sure which of voices was lying and which was telling the truth."
76561198088633556,Recommended,239430,19295767,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Th@tEp1cGuy,Great puzzle game with an amazing story that keeps you guessing.
76561197973037402,Not Recommended,239430,29492721,Posted: 25 January,all,Pautimus,"Story - 4/10Gameplay - 7/10A straight forward puzzle game, the story didn't engage me and i wasn't invested in the main character. The puzzle weren't too difficult and some unintended physics (bugs?) resulted in some taking longer than others.It seemed like the narrative was going to present the player with a choice, however it was very much a linear affair.TLDR : it was alright, play it once and leave it on the shelf."
,Not Recommended,239430,32953312,Posted: 28 June,all,Unicorn,No correct detect native resolutionNo UltraWide supportNo subtitlesGraphic issues on bottom line and ghosts from hands
,Recommended,239430,18690084,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Okojo,"Like portal, but just remember the cake.Other than that the puzzles are too simple."
,Recommended,239430,32037425,Posted: 29 May,all,Osteoporosis,"An excellent short puzzle game that kept me curious and on the edge of my seat the entire time.Q.U.B.E's narritive is very simplistic but highly intriguing. I found myself constantly wanting to progress just to see what happens next and what the conclusion to this strange story is.The puzzles were very simple yet challenging and rewarding. The puzzles feel like simple tasks at first, but eventually progress to multi-stage tests that require the use of physics and a propper understanding of the games mechanics.All in all, Q.U.B.E. although very basic, was an interesting little puzzle game, the developers have done a fantastic job at creating a unique and rewarding experience  (well worth the price)"
,Recommended,239430,34095557,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"If you like games like portal...it's less ambitious, but it's enjoyable."
,Recommended,239430,24444682,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,𝓥𝓘𝓡𝓤𝓢_𝓡𝓖,Nice game
,Recommended,239430,32985903,Posted: 29 June,all,l0Ck1 #CommendMe,"Very nice indie game with tricky puzzels, but its worth your time"
,Not Recommended,239430,29031217,Posted: 5 January,all,Sinking Ship1029,"I don't think this is worth 10 dollars, took me 2 hours to beat and considering it's so short the writing was pretty sub-par.In fairness I didn't 100% the game or anything but I played through till the final cutscene which is beat enough for me. The extra content I skipped is just like speedrunning the same content, nothing to write home about."
,Recommended,239430,34587865,Posted: 29 August,all,Lucky Avalon,Just like Portal with a very clever twist.  Would recommend to anyone.
76561198063687009,Recommended,239430,13476008,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kiith Teron,Really good game (especially for Portal fans!)
,Recommended,239430,17801714,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Mugros,"Really good puzzle game. Almost casual, because the puzzles are not too mind-bending hard. Good for 3.5 hours. The DLC is not worth it IMHO. It's a speedrun DLC tacked onto the game."
,Recommended,239430,28858620,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,wildgoosespeeder,"The gameplay is very good. The game is well-paced. It doesn't throw too much at you with each new mechanic as you progress. It gradually builds you up. The puzzles get progressively harder as you keep playing. Have to think with cubes.I heard the original Q.U.B.E. didn't have a story or the DLC. The director's cut has it. The story is interesting enough. It definitely made me want to keep going.It does the opposite of Portal and you don't die at the end as one of the voices claims.I recommend it, but during a sale or something because the main campaign isn't very long. If you are just that curious regardless of a sale, it might be worth the $10 default asking price."
76561198048883119,Recommended,239430,23874238,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,"The $10,000 AWP","Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　                        ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)10/10The older sibling of Portal 2.I'm hoping for a sequel."
,Recommended,239430,11010988,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Baul Plart: Call Mop,It has Cubes that do things.10/10
76561198283731894,Recommended,239430,34837628,Posted: 9 September,all,i love portal,q.u.b.e is a good game to play if you want puzzle one day.
,Recommended,239430,28785192,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SVK PETO,interesting
,Not Recommended,239430,17139970,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Noogie,"Pretty unspired and overrated. Puzzles are mostly straight forward, and you can just muddle your way through most of them. Rarely got that nice ""puzzlegasm"" you get on a good puzzle game when you are mid-puzzle and the penny drops and you realize your current approach is all wrong, and that there's a whole other aspect to the puzzle. A well designed puzzle has a journey - from confusion, experimenting, semi-understanding, more experiementing, full-understanding. There was hardly any of that. Often I felt disappointed to solve a puzzle - I was overcome with a sense of ""Oh, was that it?"".Buggy in parts, you and blocks can stick to walls at times.Never played the original. Story wasn't particularly engaging. Ending was horrible. Spoiler:Either give me the choice to not enter the pod,  or just let me plunge to my death in the incinerator for a nice dark ending. My heart sank when the cheesy cut scene with your wife and the president began."
,Recommended,239430,18793270,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Hu$tl3r,Finally this great first person puzzle platformer on linux.
,Recommended,239430,13774195,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Rico2,CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUBE
,Not Recommended,239430,10391105,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Tyen,"Argh.Arrrgh.The puzzles in this game are horrendous. All trial and error and no sense of cleverness to their execution or design.I did this once, on the original, but after an afternoon of trying to play through the end content with magnetic shifting of blocks into the most awkward of spaces, then futzing with them against walls and other objects to make them be slightly offset is badInitially a fun idea, too bland, unfun and badly executed to be something I can recommend."
,Not Recommended,239430,29096965,Posted: 7 January,all,cubegoldberg,This game is a tribute to Portal to the extent that about half of the story and gameplay elements comes directly from it. You'd be better off playing the custom editor of Portal 2
76561198215672699,Not Recommended,239430,34155465,Posted: 10 August,all,Tuubias,"Did not work at all even though my computer should be able to run it just fine. It is so poorly optimized that if you buy it, be ready to ask for a refund before it's too late....The gameplay honestly seemed boring too. Very tedious."
,Recommended,239430,25451506,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Recommended !
,Not Recommended,239430,28280841,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,2Pro4U,"I stopped playing as soon as the game decided to throw one level after another, and both were basically the EXACT same puzzle, except making a rolling ball turn more colors than the previous level.If you can't make each puzzle unique, then you're not worth my time. I don't need remixed levels for the devs trying to fill some type of gameplay hours quota, or level quota. That's not fun.Many levels are not ""puzzles"" either, they are more skill based. Like rotate this part of the map, at the right time, to get the ball to move to the other side that it's currently rolling down, then make it change color, then make it roll into the proper colored area. The whole level is designed to be quick, use skill, and is VERY repetative, until you get it right.If that's what you're looking for, great. You might enjoy this game, but if you are looking strickly for a PUZZLE game, that is not based on time, and once the puzzle clicks in your head, you can easily solve it, then you won't like this game. It has lots of ""puzzles"", that even though you know how to solve it, it's still a skill-based challenge to actually complete the method in which the developers have setup to finish it. IE: skill-based."
,Recommended,239430,25433314,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,This + The Turing Test===Portal 3
,Not Recommended,239430,25558614,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,PSRB | General Pengu,My computer sucks with high quality graphics.
,Not Recommended,239430,31851878,Posted: 19 May,all,LivingInfernus,Your reflexes need to be way too quick to get through this.
76561198354626197,Not Recommended,239430,29327775,Posted: 17 January,all,alezaheesa,Nope! There is no save for the stages within the section! Thumbs down
76561198033672908,Recommended,239430,18949797,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,chiun1,"Everyone who loves Portal will love this one too :)Have fun, fellas!"
,Recommended,239430,18826401,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,§∅ℜ∀君,"First of all - basic edition of Q.U.B.E. is very good puzzle game. Much like Portal, it has simple core concept and builds amazing and very complex puzzles around it. First half of title is accurately describing learning process of this game - quick understanding. Q.U.B.E. shows you new concepts and mechanics one by one allowing you to completely understand how new stuff works before it puts you in complex puzzles. It's hard to describe this game without comparing it to Portal games. It's pretty much perfect first preson puzzle game. Puzzles are a bit harder than in Portal. It's also very climatic. Rooms you are going through are very clean, much more sterile than in Portal. Due to emptiness it has very mysterious, even enigmatic feeling. For some reason it resembles me Antichamber. So after all, basic edition of Q.U.B.E. is solid 8.5/10 in my eyes, perfect FPP puzzle game.But this is Direcror's Cut edition. Well, it's 100% worth getting this over basic edition. This one adds entriely new layer of game by adding two characters that contact you through radio. I presonal think that both actors made excellent job, it's difficult to tell what the truth is and who you can trust, yet whith all this lack of trust you still feel calmed when you hear either one of them after some time in loneliness and silence. They both deserver award for this role. Another nice additions made in this edition are secret rooms and trial mode. When you find your first secret room you won't be able to stop looking for more. With Director's Cut Q.U.B.E. gets 9.5/10 from me. Get it as fast as you can."
,Recommended,239430,30626239,Posted: 19 March,all,Tio Pyro,"An awesome game. I recommend it now, because if you buy this Director's Cut version you'll also get the Original, which I prefer. 10/10 for the original game. Thanks Toxic Games!"
76561197971276058,Recommended,239430,19345736,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,debe.sys,"Superb, normal human friendly little gem. Think and you will get through. Not much platforming involved, which is great. Because of that, the game is not long, not very varied, but it has its moments and presents them well.The narrative that's been placed on top of the original game (that I didn't play) feels very good and well executed (unbelievable voice acting, imho), except for the ending, which is, well, cheesy.... Also there's intrigue, and you can also use the game to test your intuitions and feelings towards the unknown. When guessed right, the feeling is great. I did, so I know :)Anyways, although the very ending is somewhat cheesy, at least you can reach it without using hints or performing (near) impossible timed sequences (as in some other similar games, that I'd rather not mention here ;)), so all is good.BTW, this review was on the story mode. Didn't bother with the other game modes there were."
,Recommended,239430,10281205,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,shadow_walkerOZ,"Fun little puzzler for fans of games like Portal and Quantum Conundrum. Virtually identical to the original Q.U.B.E. game with a few new puzzles and narrative added to give some context to what you're doing inside the mysterious floating cube spaceship thing.I would definitely recommend this for gamers that haven't played the original game. People that already own the original may also find that they've had this added to their library for free, like I did. So you really have nothing to lose by trying it out."
76561198045809147,Not Recommended,239430,17772940,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,YOU BROKE THE RULES,"3/10The puzzles are pretty but not the most challenging or fun, but i legitimately think i spent 1/3 of my game time solving puzzles and the other 2/3 walking through hallways and sitting on elevators to get to said puzzles. There isn't a sprint button so you can't go fast even if you want to. During the downtime the game gives the usual ""you have amnesia"" storyline that I personally found extremely boring. In closing, this puzzle game is more story than puzzle and the story is unimaginative and dull."
76561198092213236,Recommended,239430,17030967,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Marcusious |♣|,"It was grand, good story, well done, loved it. Took me 4 hours.-Great Music-Great Story-Looks Pretty-Sounds are cool and good quality.If I could only crouch in the corner when i didn't know what to do, my only improvement.[Rating: 30/35]I believed him, who did you believe?"
76561197969191931,Recommended,239430,17552597,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Doticus,"Easy to jump into.    Like portal 1, you will quickly move through the early levels and think that this game is quite short.   Howver, near the end, it becomes more difficult as new devices and methods are introduced.    I found that the narration was fine and didn't distract."
,Recommended,239430,17577130,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Callum,"Refreshingly unique game, very addictive. Bought it, spent the whole day playing it, completed it."
,Recommended,239430,16592846,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mr. Hands,"If you like portal and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, uneeded exposition then go ahead and play Q.U.B.E."
,Not Recommended,239430,16547518,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jazzhands,"Good game. Not worth it for the small additions made. What made the original truly intriguing was that the story is almost nonexistent. The hidden puzzles are cute but when you have to basically re-buy the game for what might generously be called DLC, it's not worth it unless you haven't got the original."
,Recommended,239430,13928366,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,IceyPie,"It's an iddicting puzzle game and makes a greater version than the other one:The game has you in a cube moving blocks with high-tech gloves of the following colors:Red, Blue, Yellow, purple and green!!I say if you dont have this game you should pick it up for mind bending puzzles!!!! Good Luck!"
,Recommended,239430,13514392,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jibaku,"Q.U.B.E é um excelente jogo, muitos puzzles bem pensados, atmosfera imersiva, uma história muito legal. Achei o jogo um pouco curto, mas espero que futuramente tenhamos mais desta série. Se você procura um jogo deste gênero, não se arrependerá.Excelent game! A lot of puzzles, imersive, good story behind. It could be a little longer but the overall is AWESOME. Hopefully we're gonna have Q.U.B.E 2,3,4 etc. This title is a serious awesome freaking good job."
,Not Recommended,239430,19695563,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Zuzu_Typ,"The game isn't bad, but due to it's play time of 2 Hours, it is just too short.I would not recommend buying, at least not for the regular price.I have not played the original, so I can't tell the differences, but I would have expected the game to have you be able to at least choose an ending, so the story isn't completely unnecessary."
,Recommended,239430,20315252,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Chef Excellence,"Q.U.B.E. is a first-person puzzle platformer that's drawn a lot of sorta-kinda-warranted-I-guess comparisons to Portal. You're an unnamed protagonist who wakes up in a maze of blocky little passages (all alike) without any real explanation of how you got there or why. A voice in your headset tells you that you're doing something of incredible importance to the entire human race—literally incredible actually, as seemingly all you're doing is solving block-moving physics puzzles and it's hard to see any direct correlation between making the green ball go in the green hole and humanity as a whole not dying this week. And the character communicating with you seems a little...unreliable. And then you realize you may not be alone in there...Which makes for a really interesting, dark tone that maintained my interest throughout Q.U.B.E.'s 3-hour run time in a way that it might not have otherwise. Solutions are logical but not exactly obvious, so there's a sense of accomplishment as you solve each puzzle and move along to the next, progressively harder one—but there's also a fairly smooth narrative progression as well, at least until the conflicting radio messages reach a fever pitch of urgency just as the puzzles start to require serious thought to work out, which slows things down enough to undercut the immersion a touch.But the biggest immersion break comes from the realization that but there's never any opportunity to explore an alternate path or flip the script. You either keep solving puzzles, or you turn off the game. Very meta, but a satisfying conclusion it is not. This all culminates in a final choice which—though the scene in which it occurs is very emotionally charged—you ultimately aren't permitted to make in a way that feels meaningful. The story here really isn't the point so much as the atmosphere of tension created by having to rely on a pair of dueling unreliable narrators, and it doesn't exactly ruin the game that came before it, but a cheap ending is a cheap ending.Still, the puzzles are good and the game is visually very appealing, with a clean aesthetic and clear objectives that never leave you wondering where you're trying to get to. Late in the game there're some lovely mind-♥♥♥♥y moments to be had as the corridors start undulating and swirling around you like the whole place has come alive, which is pretty sweet. If you've already got Portal and Antichamber and want something else to scratch that itch, Q.U.B.E. is a worthy enough Steam Sale pickup."
76561198143517109,Recommended,239430,20265211,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Slick as Heck,the puzzles were really well made and is overall a really great gameit would have been better if the storyline wasn't so similar to portal tho
76561198078305074,Recommended,239430,20231285,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,darkmaniak1,great game music nice engaging story and i never felt bored while i was playing it. The ending was great too!
,Recommended,239430,19898551,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Eon,"spoopyincredibly varied enviromentsthere is:white lab place,dark lab place,darkened white lab place,fractured pieces of white lab place in darkened white lab place.has more than 5 coloursgood game"
,Recommended,239430,20455934,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Nixor,"A tribute to Portal, this is a fantastic puzzle game that leads you down a narrative path while you try to solve 3D spatial enigmas. There's a real sense of mastery to the game design as you gradually learn to manipulate cubes to help you progress through the game. The learning curve feels just right.Intriguing puzzles combined with a mysterious storyline (backed by excellent voice actors inc. Rupert Evans from The Man in the High Castle!) all keep you motivated to find out what happens next. The controls are simple and intuitive and if you get stuck, just spend a bit of time thinking - you're bound to figure it out eventually.This was well worth the price for the experience - I haven't been this satisfied solving puzzles in a long time. I'll likely revisit this game when I get a VR headset.My rating: 5/5"
76561198091433569,Recommended,239430,20661006,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,James Sunderland,"...is a 3D puzzle game with very original ideas but it feels like they should ve done a lot more with the puzzle difficulty,so if you are new to these kind of games feel free and try it but if you are a puzzle game veteran this game wll not be too hard for you.Art design is boring and the enviraments that you travel through are more or less doll,the soundtrack is solid and the music fits well into the game.Overall I give it a 7/10."
76561198069595590,Recommended,239430,18725740,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Lek,"Amazing puzzle game ever, love the narrative in the game as well as the different types of puzzle in game!!I would highly recommend this game if you like puzzle games, narrative in games and first person puzzle games!!"
,Recommended,239430,18797945,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Scorpiuscat,"Very fun game, not to hard puzzles, but cleverly designed.If you liked Portal, this game is for you."
,Recommended,239430,14171703,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,crashinghill,"Anyone who enjoys the Portal series, or just physics puzzle games in general owes it to themselves to play Q.U.B.E. It may be a tad easy, but still extremely enjoyable, and will leave you confused at times. 10/10"
76561198009306824,Recommended,239430,13851068,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,fiddybux,"If you liked the Portal games, you'll like this. Brilliant fun you can just dip in and out of a stage or two at a time. Really enjoyed the story. Visually glitchy when saving / changing levels on my machine (Asus G750JS - full everything on gfx), but otherwise fine in gameplay. I would buy more like this."
,Recommended,239430,14028910,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,e2thevan,"Great puzzle game with great gameplay and great aesthetics. Super fun.When I first played Q.U.B.E (not director's cut), I was very impressed and thoroughly enjoyed it.Then I heard this chicks voice and I was like ""HOLY S*** IT HAS A STORY?!"".Played the whole game over again, went from 9/10 to 10/10 no doubt. Love this game."
76561197999344621,Recommended,239430,15527957,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Gustavo,I recommend this game if you liked Portal and The Talos Principle. There is also another one called Quantum Conundrum that is about solving puzzles.
,Not Recommended,239430,14836408,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,_numbskull's beard,"Come on devs. You don't provide an FOV slider, and then with each update you remove functionality of community-shared ini tweaks.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239430,14889704,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,LosTChG,"Pros:· Fun puzzles· NEW! VoicesCons:· Long corridors between fun puzzles = meh· Voices: no interaction with the gameplay whatsoever· White blocky walls everywhere = lazy artwork directorAnyway, fun puzzles prevail"
,Recommended,239430,15532236,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,❖ AxeL AquariuS,Q.U.B.EQuacking.Universal.Big.Elevator!
,Recommended,239430,15779194,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,captnelise,I absolutely loved QUBE (non directors cut version) so when the Directors Cut showed up in my games I decided I had to play it. The biggest difference (that I can tell) is THEY ADDED A VOICEOVER. And while I'm all for the creepy silence of regular QUBE this added a whole new feel to the game. QUBE: creepy block world in the middle of space? check. Cool spirit hand gloves that let you move things with your hands? check. glow in the dark mystery as to why you're in the middle of a block world? check. BUT NOW WITH ADDED CREEPY RADIO TRANSMISSIONS AS YOU GO ALONG?! (also I thought the directors cut had more visual appeal and the sounds were overall better) The directors cut exceeded expectations. 10/10
,Recommended,239430,14320721,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Sharvath,"Q.U.B.E. is a first-person puzzle game in which the player will mostly push or pull color-coded blocks from the walls, ceilings, and floors. New concepts are introduced often to keep the gameplay fresh. The early mechanics form a strong foundation for the remainder of the game, but Q.U.B.E. loses some momentum in the mid-game by continually introducing and dropping concepts which are either obvious time-sinks or perhaps rely too heavily on a finnicky physics engine. The developers finally hit their stride in the end-game, but then the whole package just hits a brick wall.The Director's Cut had one curious addition:  a story. The original Q.U.B.E. was pure gameplay. Here's a puzzle. Solve it (or don't). This version tries to play on themes of isolation, desperation, and paranoia by adding voiceovers (which are actually quite well-done); however, no gameplay alterations were made, aside from extending a few hallways. This seems like a mistake for a game which already had pacing issues.To make matters worse, the story never commits to its motifs. There was already a mark beside ""isolation""; it's a first-person puzzle game! ""Desperation"" comes in the form of ""The Earth's in danger."" and of couse, ""Oh no! Your wife is on Earth!"" Yawn. ""Paranoia"" was handled with a bit more grace, but you're expecting a payoff. You'll carry that expectation right up to the end. The story will suggest a fork in the road, but the game will present only one obvious path. You'll search high and low and wait while anticipating a time-based trigger, but you'll slowly realize that your options remain the same as ever. Play the game (or don't).Despite the bad pacing and one puzzle which was almost completely broken by the physics engine, I would recommend this game if you're a fan of Portal. The end-game puzzles aren't terribly difficult, but they do have a lot of moving pieces and therefore require a bit of thought. The developers knew their limitations; outside of the bundled ""Against the Qlock"" DLC, there's very little demand for twitch reflexes. The DLC seems to have promise, but I probably won't spend too much time with it. I don't enjoy time trials very much."
76561197987049851,Recommended,239430,16030177,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,janedough,"let it be said: this game is very good. clever and atmospheric, with a definite tension maintained throughout. however, the director's cut is a bit of a letdown: the dialogue, while well-narrated, is limited by the writer's script. in the original version, the absence of narration made the game all the more open to interpretation and thus more memorable.also, not including the ost in the director's cut is a bit cheap, isn't it?certainly get the game, but get the director's cut during a sale."
,Recommended,239430,15890083,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,d4rkf3n1x,"It's like Portal without portals!! Great story and music. Some puzzles seem way too easy and others will have you scratching your head until you have that ""aha"" moment. Then you wonder why you didn't see the solution in the first place. The game keeps evolving new aspects into the game and teaches you how to use those elements as you go while continually challenging you with both new and old elements.10/10"
,Recommended,239430,13498786,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cazzar,"After originally seeing Q.U.B.E the concepts intregued me, and when looking at this, which, through the main game, is a short (sadly) game, but, the voice-over actors that were added, add another element to the story itself.Even with the story, I was sitting there debating the facts, what was given to me, without playing through the whole game initally, the story within it, just expands on the game play nicely."
,Recommended,239430,15190387,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,giljaysmith,"An excellent little game which doesn't trouble the boredom threshold or the fury gland over its short but satisfying length. One imagines the developers being either offended or actively angered by Portal's subtext and constructing this in response. But it's okay, you don't have to hate Portal to play and enjoy this. Comes with a bunch of speedrun extras which I'm not interested in, but the main game is a couple of hours of fun."
,Recommended,239430,14951107,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Teensie King,"A pretty cool puzzle game. I like how the ideas are slowly introduced and then mixed, an excellent difficulty curve."
,Not Recommended,239430,15200144,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sinful Sorcerer,"A puzzling adventure similar in premise to portal but with focus on cube manipulation rather than portals. The game uses several different cube types, all designated their own colour to quickly and efficiently let the player know how to interact with them. Red cubes can be extracted or retracted three times, allowing for you to build bridges or tower-like structures with them. The yellow cubes form a ladder when interacted with, the side you choose to left click will always be the longest with the other two nearby cubes forming steps. Blue cubes work as trampolines and can send both you and other cubes or objects flying. Purple cubes rotate the area they are attached to, this includes other cubes. Finally, green cubes form a boxlike object which you can push around or transport with the help of other cubes. Think of it as the companion cube from Portal but with less personality.There are also some puzzles which use balls that are sent rolling as they spawn, in these circumstances you are to transport the ball throughout a maze, often by making it go through different colour cubes to change its colour and thereby making it react properly with a certain coloured goal. Colour mixing and laser puzzles do also appear but in limited quantities.What sets this Director's Cut appart from the original Q.U.B.E is the narrative. The standard edition had no focused story at all, and was instead simply a collection of puzzles taking you through an unknown and strange place eventually bringing you to the game's climax. Here however, the developers hired a writer and some voice actors to formulate a narrative story piece fitting the game's gameplay and pacing, and hopefully bringing the player a deeper satisfaction as to why he/she would complete these puzzles in the first place.Does the narrative succeed with its goal? I believe this is highly subjective, and I've seen both much positive and negative feedback regarding the story. A lot of people are calling it bland, and I certainly can't say it matches the story of Portal 2 in terms of character development or pacing, but it is there and it somewhat does its job. The story, without spoiling too much, tries to give your character, well; character. You are told that what you are doing is for the purpose of saving the world, and that you may not remember anything because you have been out for far too long. Soon however another voice appears and tells you not to believe ""their"" lies. The player gets more and more information the longer the game goes, and the more puzzles you solve the more hectic the whole situation seems to become. Before you know it you got two sides calling each other liars, and you are to choose who to believe.The unfortunate thing is that, although I rather liked the story itself, and it did make the game more interesting for me personally, the ending was very poorly implemented for the story. I think that they should have either changed the ending and given you more options as to how to end the game, or rewritten the story's climax to better fit the game's ending. In the end it feels like no matter who you choose to believe, you are simply left with no choice but to follow the game's ""canon"" ending, which makes no sense at all if you believed the other side.If the game's climax had made more sense as regard to the story, or at least given you two choices as to how you wanted to end the game I would definitely recommend this. As it stands however; the payoff is really a letdown. And I therefore believe you are more likely to enjoy the standard edition, which has no story at all, and make up your own story instead if you wish, rather than playing along with their story and being forced down one path despite the game hinting towards two endings throughout the entire experience.I recommend you try out the original Q.U.B.E instead. It is an excellent puzzle game and the only real gripe I have with it is that the physics engine sometimes seems to malfunction slightly which can lead to frustration and having to redo puzzles. Overall, a great game which should satisfy your puzzle-itch for a few 2-3 hours."
,Recommended,239430,16288911,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Gorpie,"Took me a little while to get used to and is clearly not portal. The story is interesting and the puzzles are short but not too challenging. I would recommend if you do like puzzle platformers like portal, there is also an interesting speedrun mode at the end which adds some replayability."
,Recommended,239430,16294625,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,yee,This is a very funny game! It will get hard on some levels but i still love this game!
,Recommended,239430,14337033,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Stico,"I got a lot more than the hours shown on steam, and i realy like this game. If you like portal you will like this. Not so much for the story but for the puzzles. nice style."
76561198006880345,Recommended,239430,13733679,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Beef Supreme,"Q.U.B.E. Director's Cut is a reasonably immersive 3-d puzzle game. I enjoyed having to think about physics solutions in the colorful and architecturally minimalist environment. Without giving any spoilers away, I will say that I believe there could have been more plot depth. Nevertheless it is a good choice if you like portal-style puzzle games and perhaps want something slow-paced to play casually before bed. I got about ten hours out of it.  It is worth a purchase if on sale for under $5.00."
,Recommended,239430,10233110,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,BL/R_SN | Wintermute,"Well, to be honest I liked the experience. Imagine portal-like puzzle game with a mistery feeling, a short story and very nice OST -that is the QUBE - reminded me somehow Moon 2112 with Sam Rockwell. Of cource it is indy but a good one and truly attractive."
76561198070643083,Recommended,239430,13536329,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Master Green Fox,"I don't typically do reviews. But for all things I felt I should for this game. If you do not want spoilers do not expand this review.8/10 Would get frustrated at the story again.First off I do like this game, and unlike several of the top helpful negative votes, I have not played the previous version with no story.However I do very much agree with their complaints vs. this rather plot-hole filled story line. One plot-hole of which bothered and irritated me so much I literally could not finish the game for a whole extra thirty minutes as I did everything in my futile power to try and stop the story from going the direction I was predicting. I will get to that and other cons later though, I will first explain why I still recommend it.Pro's:Q.U.B.E. is a really brilliantly put together 3D Platform Puzzle game. It manages to make really visually interesting environments with the majority of it being made out of same sized cubes. It's lighting effects and background music & sound effectively change how one feels about being in such a strange place throughout the game. Making the place feel oddly interesting to explore at first and then gradually becoming more and more unsettling and foreboding.The puzzles are rather somewhat simple to figure out throughout the game (for me personally at least) however they did become more challenging at a good pace and were all still very fun to solve. Some were more difficult to a degree due to some quick switching you needed to do in order to get things where you wanted them. This was rather hard to do sometimes since your abilities are kind of slow to act. Its a good thing though because that slow activation sequence makes you rely on puzzle solving more than quick reflexes.The controls are smooth and simple. It also doesn't explain any of them or how your powers work. I have this as a Pro because I find it rather annoying in games where they give you so much explanation on the controls it make you feel as if the game is mocking your intelligence. This also adds a small level of solving to the puzzles as well through trial and error.Cons:The main story game is a little short, however this isn't much of a Con considering that there is a bunch of added stuff to do and the story wasn't all that well put together.The story Is likely the biggest Con. I will go a bit in depth as to how it goes so don't read further if you don't want to know. It was an interesting Idea, but it came out rather painfully terrible.So the story is you have no memory of who you are or why your here and two people who contact you throughout the game periodically try to influence you to either continue or stop. This is all rather moot though because the one who wants you to continue makes no sense and sounds like a liar from the get go, and the others demand is that you don't listen to her and do nothing to save your life. I say its moot because this really all wouldn't affect you in this situation anyway. You would solve the puzzles anyway because doing nothing wouldn't get you anywhere so the one argument you would never listen to and the other one doesn't need to try and get you to continue.There is a point in their rather almost random poking around that they suddenly focus on faith and it suddenly becomes the whole thing the ""story"" is about afterwards. This all rather becomes annoying at the end because they make it off as a ""Who do you trust?"" only to make it so you can't choose. Not to mention the message this story conveys is that you should have complete blind faith in someone you don't really know. For reasons. It almost feels like you completely confirm that what you have is a gun in every way possible without actually firing it and then being told to shoot yourself in the face with it because that will save billions of lives including your own somehow. By the time you get to the end they create a logic conundrum. If you want to complete the mission, realistically in your mind, you would have to accept the person who has been trying to get you to complete it has been lying to you which, in turn, would make you not trust them enough to complete the mission. However as I stated you get no choice in the matter because there is only one route. Well there is only one route due to invisible walls and the developers lack of wanting you to fail the game. The last part is likely done because almost everyone who would play the game would fail it due to the fact you would likely not choose to complete the mission out of distrust. All in all the story is rather annoying, though interesting idea, that make the game frustrating at the end of the story.Apologies, that last part ended up a bit of a rant. but that is how terrible the story is. The game is still good, it just has a painfully bad story. So if you like 3D Platform Puzzles like Portal then you would definitively like this game's mechanics."
,Recommended,239430,13295619,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,dye,"""Leap of f#ckin'Faith!!!"" What's wrong with you, world...?QUBE may seem shallow.. weak.Take a second thought. Naive irony and explicit reference were crucial on leading you to it's real significant objetive... Moral.Moral supassess it all! Without Portal2, this would mean nothing... It's P2's existence that made qube's moral not only viable, but alsodeeplyreflectable.Bgame.Double Aclosure.Update: I must admit it had a total different perspective, when storyless...Saiddifferent, not better...Stop being d!ckheads..Grow up."
76561198105019169,Recommended,239430,21159233,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Twisted Rhythm,I thought I was buying a puzzle game. Turns out I was buying a game about qube and button based testing based psychological horror. I'm okay with this.Turn out all the lights and play it in the dark.
,Recommended,239430,21478344,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Pʀoρʜϵτ,Excellent game. Must-have.
76561198010123105,Not Recommended,239430,20215577,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,baleksus,"This game was disappointing for me. It's very short, puzzles in most cases are about skill, not logic and are very simple. I cannot recomend it as a puzzle game, it's closer to a platformer actually."
76561197981330794,Not Recommended,239430,21036269,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Phycoweirdo,"Basic mechanics don't work in the game, within the first 2 levels, I would pass on this, I mean I cant even enjoy the game if it doesn't work. Refund requested."
,Recommended,239430,25141415,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,koyot,Something in this game reminds me of portal and I enjoyed this one as much as portal.
,Recommended,239430,24735713,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,carrik_caser,"Wow. Just finished the game and It was well worth the time and money. If the narrative of this had been a book, I would have read it and loved it. The ambience of the whole game was spot on, never letting you be too sure of yourself. Fun puzzles, cool mechanics and A++ on all of the design work! I would highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,239430,24789347,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,OmegaBiscuit,Great puzzle game.The puzzles where I had to react quickly were tricky.
,Recommended,239430,24787739,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Mozai,"First-person puzzler, like Portal 1. Clean environments draw you in to the wrong-ness of later areas.  Only niggling bit is the narrated story that keeps suggesting you have a choice for your ultimate destination, but there is no choice."
,Recommended,239430,25404689,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Randarr the Barbarian,"I loved this for a short puzzle game. Some of them were pretty hard although as you can see by my play time not enough to get me stuck for too long, although admittedly I didn't find all the hidden puzzles. The story was kind of lack luster (potential spoilers), no explaination of why you can manipulate the apparently alien ship, and unfortunately there was a missed oppertunity of the devs to make a split ending, one for each person who talks to you through out the game. Still though it was a good play"
76561198071589186,Recommended,239430,25373159,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ScrubbngBubbles,"While the game has a P0rtal feel and story to it, the game has great puzzles that are extremely challenging. My only problem with the game is that the game has low replay value and not much too do after the game is beaten."
,Recommended,239430,24393377,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,shlam,"Very good game. Calling it a Portal clone does not necessarily make it a bad thing. It has its own mechanic and it utilises it well. My only gripe is that while it starts off as a first person puzzle platformer, it morphs into pretty much just a straight up puzzle game. You are merely controlling a puzzle, the ability to walk around is incidental and meaningless. Nonetheless, it has a good difficulty scaling and gets quite hard towards the end."
,Recommended,239430,24471297,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Miko,"NaissanceE meets Portal, but with an actual story. It's like a perfectly middle-of-the-road puzzle game - I kind of wish I could give it a neutral thumb recommendation. Some of the puzzles are relatively easy to brute force, the magnetism based ones are pretty awful just in terms of design, and towards the end (both literally and figuratively) it starts to fall apart a bit but it ends pretty soon after so it's not too bad.Want a short-ish puzzle game with a story that's on the relatively inexpensive side? grab it this game's for you (also, the challenge puzzles are waaaay harder than anything in the main game if youre a puzzle afficianado).Looking for an extensive puzzle game or story to get wrapped up in for 15+ hours? this game is not for you, its relatively short and while the story is pretty good it's not meant to be a 'story' based game."
,Recommended,239430,24545437,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,harbichidian,"QUBE is the discount Portal. If you want more Portal, it's great, but a lot of the levels are either too simple or too reliant on fidgety controls. I got a comparable experience from downloading community levels in Portal 2, for free, though it's certainly not for trying."
,Recommended,239430,24403858,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,_Nielsieboy123_,This game was cool i liked the game mechanics!
76561198206893416,Recommended,239430,25791111,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,maritzasoy,Its a great gema! But if yu have the origonal qube this dont add much extra
76561198241253104,Recommended,239430,25730884,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SuperKid2006,sensitivity is too high but other than that its great
,Recommended,239430,27082998,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shave,+atmosphere & environment+ambient sounds & voice acting+gameplay+extra time-run stages+not No Man's Sky-Short Story
76561198004399572,Recommended,239430,26679847,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,StrandedGeek,"I've seen the original of the game & I first learned of it because someone on Youtube posted a gameplay video claiming it was Portal 3. Obviously it is not. But I think that worked in it's favor as it still got me intrested in the game. There is a hot debat on whether ther Director's Cut which just adds voice overs and revealed plot which makes you question things that happend, and some say it's not worth it. Personally you can mute the game and it has that same feel of it. & Don't let the trailer fool you...it's not scary. It's similar to Portal only sadly not as funny.You're reading this because you want to know if you think you should BUY the game.On a game play level yes you should buy it. While it does go by the Portal knock off check list one by one. The game isn't totaly unoriginal. The game mechanics are fun and interesting, and the puzzles are chanllenging. And it's completly idiot proof, even if you get stuck you can always rest the puzzle to get a fresh start.There are some puzzles that will make your head hurt and the physic engine tends to not work in your favor when you need things just so. But reguardless nothing game breaking.Personally speaking this game is worth playing 3 times at least. One with the ambiences and no plot. And twice with the plot, because 2nd time with the plot pay attention to begining of the game as minor spoilers somethings start to have more weight to them than what they first appeared. Personally I liked the story a little bit but some didn't so take my advice with some salt  Decide for yourself if you think it was bad. But minus that if you honestly don't care and just want to play a good game this will interested in you.Psst... maybe hold out, 10 bucks is okay but rumor has it it might be becoming free. check the the community stuff for it. If it does, Get it! Because it's a fun game."
76561198087699366,Recommended,239430,26641901,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Coterminous,"Not bad,I really like the whole concept of Q.U.B.E. It was a nice little finish; very Portal-inspired. That's good. The story is well constructed, and over all, an excellent puzzle gameHowever, can I just say that if a sequel is ever in the works, we have some more story? So many questions.Also, more puzzles and game mechanics. I would love to play another Q.U.B.E. game.Whilst it did have a sound track, it's in need of something more expressive. A soundscape can really help the mood with puzzle solvingFinally, a crouch function.Apart from that, real nice"
,Recommended,239430,27004996,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Onivla,Really fun game. Played the original in one sitting.
76561198046538701,Recommended,239430,26981437,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rockzyk,"The first thing that will come to your mind is Portal, and yes there are many similarities. Mysterious puzzle chambers, silent protagonist, simplistic depressing environment, etc. However, that does not mean this is any less satisfying of a game. I'm pretty sure QUBE is even a bit tougher that Portal. It's immersive, mysterious, challenging fun. If you life puzzle games, this one is definitely one worth trying."
76561198179523627,Recommended,239430,29623043,Posted: 1 February,all,lavaduder,"Qube is a short, but sweet 3D puzzle game (If you don't know the genre think of valve's portal)What seprates qube from the rest of genre is the focus on physics.Cons:-EasyThe puzzles are not very challenging, when I was stuck (If ever) It didn't last very long. This is mostly because they didn't take full advantage of the game mechanics. As some last less than 3 puzzles-The EndingIt isn't awful, It's just that, The ending, Singular, Mono, ONE!Through out the story you feel like you have a choice, but in the end it doesn't matter. Which also kills the moral of the story, sadly.-No subtitlesPros:-StoryIt was a great set up, till the end.The moral Faith is presented pretty well, You have doubt, You have confusion, Really wasn't a bad idea.If they had another ending where you didn't have faith, that'd be quite a shocker. to find out all of that was true with you being dead.-MusicAmazing soundtrack fits the tone and situation well. nothing memoriable in my book, but still it's has an exceptional ost-AtmostphereIt is both an awesome and cryptic place, you have no idea where you are, and where you are heading. This is the strongest comparison to portal.-VarietyLot of great mechanics. I can't see how you'd get bored.-TutorialIt feeds you info by level design. THERE IS NO HAND HOLDING IN THIS GAME! Makes it a lot easier to replay.Conclusion:Qube is okay. I don't regret buying, or playing it. I'm just sad there was all lot of wasted potiental.Edit: After reading some of the other reviews on steam. I think I need a disclaimer.DISCLAIMER: I have never played the original."
,Recommended,239430,29153276,Posted: 9 January,all,Bot Chris,"I like the simplicity of this game A LOT. It's balanced out enough to make you focus on the puzzles, but not too simplistic to the point where you get bored. The story is there, but honestly you probably won't notice it much nor care about what's going on in it. There are some really puzzling parts about it, but if you just look closely and observe everything in each room you should be fine."
76561198135820728,Recommended,239430,28946224,Posted: 2 January,all,Tom,"This is a great game, the puzzles, the story, well paced etc. but I recommend only purchasing the game when there is a sale as it is very short (sad to have completed it already) and will leave you wanting more."
,Recommended,239430,28963102,Posted: 2 January,all,Cytokrom_C,"-Portalesque feel but not quite up to the same standards (but what puzzler really is...?)-Corny story.-A bit short main story (~2.5 h for me), however there are some extra content (time trial levels) that I have yet to explore...-Puzzles were perhaps a bit too easy (this is a fine balance though, since it is frustrating to get stuck too...)Perhaps not a masterpiece but still an OK puzzler to keep you entertained for a few hours. Get it when on sale! (But if you haven't yet played Portal/Portal 2, get those instead...)"
,Recommended,239430,27700397,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JokkoLA,1
76561198113400576,Recommended,239430,28003876,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GumpleStump,A puzzle game worth playing.
76561198022641078,Recommended,239430,33584872,Posted: 16 July,all,lock_of_fear,"This is the very good 3d puzzle game Q.U.B.E with a few aditional features(such as extra race maps). Most notably the adition of the worst story ever. The original Q.U.B.E with its week non-verbal narrative is vastly superior in storytelling to this pile of garbage with its explicit story. That said Q.U.B.E was never about its story, it was about its very nice gameplay and curious visuals."
,Recommended,239430,33095161,Posted: 1 July,all,AlphaMax,"I don't know why , but i always feel relaxed when playing this type of puzzle gamesa note for all puzzle games: if you want to enjoy puzzle games beware, you don't need to finish all the levels at once. take a break when you feel you don't enjoy it anymore."
,Recommended,239430,33263692,Posted: 5 July,all,Jack Decompiler,"Good but generally easy puzzles, fairly mediocre plot."
76561198082574081,Recommended,239430,32973309,Posted: 28 June,all,Nube52,"Q.U.B.E: Director's Cut is a tidy not too little puzzle game with increasing diffuculty of puzzles as levels progress but so far not to a hair pullling level. Have not finished yet but think I will be be sad when it is over as am enjoying it. Understand the comparisons to Portal from a room esthetics point of view some laser beam breaking and use of word ""test"" but that's all the similarity this is it own game."
76561198095441363,Recommended,239430,33788045,Posted: 25 July,all,Giany,Good game :)
,Recommended,239430,10980944,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DestinedPotato,This game is absolutly amazing. It is a Portal style game and uses special gloves that can move different coloured blocks (a bit like Mirrors Edge). I love what the creators did with the beginning and the background
,Recommended,239430,34029391,Posted: 4 August,all,Lemme Smash,"It's inevitable that Q.U.B.E. is going to be compared to Portal with its sterile testing environment and insidious motivations in the plot. But where Portal uses humor to keep the player engaged, Q.U.B.E.'s story is much darker. You are a silent amnesiac with a sweet pair of glowing gloves trapped in an environment made of moving, glowing cubes.You are contacted by a woman named Commander Nowak who is aboard the ISS and tells you the bad news: you're in some sort of ship that is heading for Earth and you're the only hope to stop it. The plot seems generic enough until a mysterious unnamed man contacts you separately telling you nothing is what it seems. The two voices become more in conflict as you progress and the ending truly surprised me.Gameplay in Q.U.B.E. revolves around the various colored cubes you find in ther environment. Red cubes can extend to make platforms, blue cubes act like spring pads, and yellow cubes rise up in sections of three. These elements are then mixed with rotating rooms, light beam reflecting, rolling balls, magnets and moving puzzle elements. Puzzles increase in complexity and mechanics are combined routinely throughout, but the final sector amps things up even further by presenting blank puzzles where you must choose the mechanics to best complete them.The puzzles are challenging but give a great feeling when you complete them. Only one puzzle near the game's turning point felt like it was the result of luck. The campaign isn't too long, I finished it in just under 2 hours, but Director's Cut includes an Against the Qlock mode for timed puzzles.Story - 4/5 Excellent narration and a sinister vibe mixes well with the claustrophobic environments.Graphics - 5/5 Not the most graphically intensive game given the setting, but the design is clean and lighting is great.Audio - 5/5 Ambient score is nicely done, voice actors are great.Gameplay - 5/5 Simple puzzle elements are multiplied throughout with unique modifiers.Replay - 2/5 Time trial mode but story presents no additional content once beaten.Overall - 5/5 The perfect puzzle alternative to Portal that does enough to distance itself from the Valve classic. It's short and sweet, but Q.U.B.E.2. has been announced and it looks to expand on every aspect of the formula."
76561198051297945,Recommended,239430,34427652,Posted: 22 August,all,Hyperion: Titan of Light,"Great game. Fun puzzles that aren't too difficult, some are tricky for sure and take some time but very nice game. A bit clunky with manipulating the environment sometimes but a great game for sure. If you play it all at one time, you can get through it in 3ish hours or so."
,Recommended,239430,34245838,Posted: 14 August,all,Kaleb,solid game with fun gameplay and voice
76561198036339392,Recommended,239430,34452234,Posted: 23 August,all,vdamico,Just completed Qube. Not since the Portal series have I had so much fun!! Get this game.
,Recommended,239430,21380498,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,😂🔫,yes
