user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198009350401,Recommended,239700,7780745,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,fuller556,"Hate Plus is a different kind of game, and that's not a bad thing if you are looking for something new to try.  Instead of being a puzzle, adventure, or action title, it is literally an interactive novel.  The only ""puzzle,"" if you will, is attempting to piece together what happened to space vessle Mugunghwa before the events of the previous game, Analogue: A Hate Story.  Because there are some concepts originally introduced in that game, it's helpful to have played it before diving into Hate Plus, but it's not essential.If you completed Analogue, however, you have the choice of either importing data from your save files or starting clean.  How the story progresses and the interaction with your on-screen sidekick is completely dependent on which of the two AIs from the previous game you are partnered with--or if you are partnered with both.  *Hyun-Ae is an adorable and somewhat naive girl with a big heart and an extremely tortured history (see Analogue for the whole story); *Mute is a security AI who is much more abrasive and sometimes struggles to fit in but interesting in her own right.The ""game"" aspects of Hate Plus are minimal, even more so than in Analogue.  The only things you do are choose from a series of log files to read, address your AI when she wants your attention, and generally read along with your sidekick.  I'm not a person who likes to read books anymore, but presented in this format, the reading is engaging and fun.  But don't take this to suggest that this is a PG story for anyone to read as there are many mature themes and outright NSFW topics discussed within some of the logs.But perhaps the most fun is with interacting with your chosen AI.  She will ask you to click on her from time to time to ask a question or discuss something with you; often, you'll be presented with a wheel of possible responses.  There's no right or wrong, but how you answer definitely can influence her perception of you.  If *Hyun-Ae is your sidekick, you'll even have the opportunity to bake an actual CAKE for an achievement.  (Unlike Portal, this cake is NOT a lie.)  And if both *Hyun-Ae and *Mute are along for the ride, their banter together is really funny at times.In a game like this, presentation is everything, and Hate Plus does not disappoint, with charming graphics for the two AI's, a nice, clean interface serving as the ship's computer console, and an excellent soundtrack by Isaac Schankler, who also composed the music for Analogue.  My favorite song of the soundtrack is called ""Vision,"" which is heavily played during the playthrough with *Hyun-Ae.  It's a beautiful song, one I find myself listening to quite frequently OUTSIDE of the game.  I've heard very few video game songs that I can listen to in that way (the theme ""Icarus"" from Deus Ex: Human Revolution being one of the only others).  It's hard to imagine a better interface or a more listenable soundtrack for the content of the game.I did find a few minor faults with the game, however.  One is the fact that after you download so many logs, you have to save your progress and quit.  This is a mechanism built into the game design; the number of logs you can pull is directly linked to the power remaining in your character's ship, and when it drops to 1%, you have to end the game, thus giving the batteries time to recharge for the next session.  This takes 12 real-time hours; there IS a way to circumvent this if you want.  It's an interesting mechanic and not entirely artificial as it's linked to the story, but it would be nice to not have to use what amounts to a cheat to bypass it if you want to spend more time reading through the story.  Additionally, I found control non-responsive more than in Analogue; I'm not sure if this is a problem or if it's another mechanic linked to the whole low-power-on-the-ship aspect of the story, but it's a minor irritation, though not one that I would consider off-putting.And then there's the possible red herring of an achievement: Level Four Revive Materia.  To this day, it appears NOBODY has been able to unlock it based on Steam's global stats (I checked this again before writing this).  I've researched this on-line along with a number of other players, and it appears this achievement is not actually possible.  However, there has been no word from creator Christine Love about this that I am aware of.  I don't consider myself an achievement snob, but for anyone who would like to 100% this game on an achievements level, this may be off-putting until a way to unlock it becomes more clear.  In that regard, anyone who considers achievements to be an important part of the experience should approach with a degree of caution.UPDATE AND SPOILER ALERT, 7-29-2014: A new article on Kotaku confirms that this achievement is 100% IMPOSSIBLE to obtain:http://kotaku.com/the-steam-achievement-that-nobody-unlocked-1610073943Another possible turn-off for some is the straight story aspect of the game.  Even Analogue presented one fairly frantic and involving puzzle around the middle of the game in which you used that game's console to enter a series of commands to stop a nuclear meltdown.  Hate Plus does not include any true puzzles at all, with the possible exception of a sequence between you and the two AIs if both are accompanying you; I can't say more without revealing a MAJOR spoiler.  But those looking even for minor brain-teasers or anything other than straight reading and interacting with your AI(s) may not enjoy Hate Plus as much.But for anyone willing to approach with an open mind and take a chance on a relatively new gaming concept, there's a lot to love about Hate Plus.  Put it this way: Analogue and Hate Plus are just about the ONLY games on Steam I have paid full price for without waiting for a sale, and the demo for Analogue hooked me on the idea almost immediately.  Granted, the games are not expensive to start with, but the fact that I was willing to pay the release price is a testament to how much I like Love's ability to craft this type of video game.  I'm looking forward to more such games from her in the future.  Hate Plus is definitely a winner.8.0 out of 10"
76561198025758732,Recommended,239700,10271910,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Saximus,"Hate Plus is the only game I've ever played - the only piece of media I have ever consumed, actually - that has made me willingly wake up at 8:00 AM on a day off, shower, shave, get dressed, get in my car, drive to the supermarket, buy ingredients for a chocolate cake, drive home, bake the aforementioned cake, take a picture of me eating said cake with a digital 3000-year-old 640-year-old teenager, and email said picture to a Canadian woman with pink hair.(By the by, playing Analogue first isn't necessary, but it helps.)"
,Recommended,239700,12962315,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ninelion,"An ex-terminally-ill Korean AI girl from the distant future used this game to emotionally blackmail me into making an actual honest-to-god IRL cake. 10/10 would recommend.(Basically, it's the Portal 2 to Analogue's Portal. If you like actual engaging characters (instead of flat VN stereotypes), moral ambiguity, tragedy, mostly fanservice-free lesbian and gay relationships, futuristic spaceship dystopias, political maneuvering, reading other people's letters, or cake, buy this game. You won't regret it.)"
,Not Recommended,239700,11778621,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Quitch,"This is a pretty good little conspiracy and if followed sequentially you get a taste of what's coming in day 1, get a glimpse of the end in day 2, and in day 3 you see it from the conspiracy side. It's a sad little tale where really, no one is happy and the ""heroes"" lose. I liked that there's not really a big event that's the cause; wheels were in motion before the logs you start reading, and you feel those wheel get a little oiling during the course of events, then turn some more. There's no magic gas or anything behind it all.The problem is it's less of a game than Analogue. You have enough power over the three days for every log, every single one. So why make me pick? It's completely pointless, you may as well just have fed them to me in a set order. In the original you had a log percentage and you felt like you were investigating, unlocking new avenues as you passed logs to your AI companion. There's none of that there, you unlock the next six logs, read them, then repeat with the next six and so on until you run out of power. There's no reason not to read them in sequential order.There's also a lack of variety. You had the terminal in Analogue to mix things up a little, plus the bit with the reactor added a little drama to the proceedings. Here it's just so... bland. You read logs, then shut down. Repeat for three days.There isn't a climax to the story either. You just run out of logs. Contrast that to Analogue where you find out why the Pale Bride doesn't speak, or why everyone on the ship is dead.It isn't helped that Hyun-ae's route is so unchallenging. There's no conflict, no drama, no tension. How can a relationship survive between someone in a screen and someone in the physical world? Won't the investigator eventually leave her? ♥♥♥♥ that, here's a message about AI bodies to completely dissolve any potential for dramatic tension. The opportunity is also completely missed to draw parallels between your relationship and that of Mute and her security lieutenants, the way she had seen them come and go. What happened when you died and Hyun-ae lived on? Nope, nothing. What about charges against her for her actions on the ship? Nope, answered, no tension. What about her being part of the contract and thus taken from you? Ignored.Hyun-ae and the story are just completely disconnected from one another, and the new log format doesn't help. She doesn't make any substantive contributions to the narrative, just little one liners here and there, generally along the lines of ""harsh"" or some such.I even felt the music wasn't as good this time around.I hope and pray that when I do it with Mute further down the line that it will be better, because there's someone with a more personal investment in events. There's also that achievement for reading all the logs again on day 3 with her, which would suggest she reviews them in a new light.I should be interested in the replay, but I can't get enthused. In Analogue I didn't need to re-read logs I still remembered, I could pass them straight to the AI to get the new content. You can't do that here, and I'm not sure I can face the idea of slowly... scrolling... through... every... log... again. It's a game designed to be replayed which isn't designed to be replayed. Or played at all really.The game really only does one thing better and that's that it ties the side characters more tightly into the story. In Analogue you could know nothing about the Smiths and it wouldn't change a thing, but here all those people provide a window into how society was changing, and the impact it had on people.I come out the end of this really disappointed. There's a good story underneath it all, but it misses every opportunity to be more."
,Recommended,239700,13015758,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,GenocideHeart,"God damn it, *Mute.A word of warning: If you're easily depressed or heartbroken, DO NOT play this game on *Mute's route. To everyone else, enjoy, but be warned it'll be a pretty disturbing journey. I rarely recommend games, but this one is definitely worth it....damn it, *Mute..."
,Recommended,239700,2473661,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,ColdLink Sensei,Cake Baking for Waifu Simulator 4989
,Recommended,239700,7543200,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Kristoph Gavin,"Hate Plus is the sequel to ""Analogue: A Hate Story"" from 2012, continuing the story between you and your computer wife, or just a friend side investigator. After loving the previous game, can the sequel step up to the plate and be just as good? Or even better?! Perhaps...Story: The story is focused on the events after Analogue, with you traveling with your selected A.I. partner to Earth and finally finish your mission, however it's 3 days long and the dialogue option is messed up just like last time. Luckily, your A.I. friend finds some logs about the history of the Mugunghwa before the Pale Bride (events of the first game). The game still has *Hyun-ae and *Mute, luckily not having to complete half the game this time to pick your character to playthrough with like last game. The logs in the game are even better than the last, it focuses on the previous events before the Pale Bride incident and has Old *Mute involved, a previous A.I. security version of *Mute, and your job is to find out what happened exactly to Old *Mute and the ship before the Pale Bride. Just as the previous game, the title sticks through the entire game. Hate Plus. It's a game that you'll find to be sickening with certain events, and it has many hateful characters and moments (In a good way!).Same as Analogue, Christine Love shows us how superb she is at writing as the logs you sift through have an emotional punch to them all, and tells a little tale for each of the characters you read about, as some logs are just diary pages or even council meetings. Many logs are hard to read for either hateful reasons, or pure sadness; which Analogue did do, however, I feel that Hate Plus delivers an even more emotional tale with *Mute's side of the story, never before have I had such twisted emotions in a game and long after completing, I was still thinking about the events that occurred in the logs, along with the events that were happening with me and my A.I. wife.However I feel as though *Hyun-ae's side is a bit too...cheery, or off topic. *Mute's side is figuring out what was going on with her old self, and how she's going to cope with the events from the past, however *Hyun-ae consists of cake baking, chatting, and just being lovey to each other. I suppose it's expected since *Hyun-ae was the focus in the previous game, however even *Mute in the previous game was more focused on the story as well. That's the only issue I have with the story here, but with *Mute's side, it's just perfect.Gameplay: Surprisingly, the gameplay here in a visual novel style game, has improved quite well. Unlike the previous game, your A.I. partner reads with you with each log and gives you their thoughts on certain things in the logs while reading it. It gives more realism since in the previous game you would just talk to them after and didn't know if they were reading it with you, or they already read it beforehand...There is one other major change than in the previous game. You have a certain amount of energy to download logs each day, ones you've downloaded all you can in one day and read them all, you have to power down and it's a literal 12 hour waiting process. For some, it was a bad choice, taking away the reading from the player for nearly the rest of the day. However I feel like it was a sensible choice and I was able to think things through more, just to focus on one day instead of trying to cram all the info of the entire game in one play session.Whereas most gamers this year are picking The Last of Us, BioShock Infinite, GTA V for their GOTY. I'd have to safely say, no other game this year has been as amazing as Hate Plus in my eyes. No other game has twisted my emotions this much or had such an impact on me. While Analogue is an amazing game, Hate Plus is just a few steps away from being a perfect title. If you haven't played either, I suggest picking both up. I guarantee you'll be loving every second of it....and hating every minute.9.5/10"
,Recommended,239700,12151455,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,monochrome flower,"Oh, *Hyun-ae, let's solve mysteries together forever~Hate Plus is a fantastic... something between a visual novel and a kinetic novel. Both this game and it's predecessor, Analogue, aren't a tangled spiderweb mess of routes, choices, decisions, Good and Bad Ends. There aren't many branching decision points in these games (Hate Plus doesn't even really have any), which kind of removes a lot of their ""gaminess."" That's okay with me; the visual/kinetic novel genre exists somewhere in the digital melting pot between traditional literature, comic books and video games. That's pretty great, in my opinion.I won't go into the story because it would be rife with spoilers, but I'll talk some about the game itself. Hate Plus is even more linear than Analogue, which is okay. The bulk of the ""gameplay"" is spent reading over recovered logs from the derelict generation shipMugunghwa. You've got the assistance of whichever AI you either choose or carry over from your Analogue clear data. Depending on the choices made in Analogue or when starting a new game, you may have a different relationship with either *Hyun-ae or *Mute.The meat of the game's story is told through the logs and the AI's commentary on the logs. Because your ship was damaged somehow, you have a limited amount of data you can sift through every 12 hours, which forces the game to be played over a period of at least 39-ish real-time hours (though you can circumvent this, but the author will call you a ""jerkface""). Every time you read through six logs or read a log that's very significant to the plot, your AI partner will want to discuss something with you. Depending on your progress, this could either be a discussion about your relationship or about the mystery of theMugunghwa's reversion to a primitive Neo-Joseon culture. Occasionally you'll receive a message from your employer or other people, usually while you are extracting new data from the encrypted logs.And that's pretty much the extent of the gameplay. There really isn't much ""game"" here; it's entirely about the narrative. And that's okay. The narrative is excellent; Christine Love is a fantastic writer. As a writer myself, she makes me jealous. The logs and your progress through them are carefully metered so you're slowly drip-fed the main story while seemingly being distracted by random bits and pieces that don't seem relevant. They become very relevant later.The plot itself, like its predecessor, isseriously messed up stuffinterspersed with little rejuvenating isles of humor and heartwarming. While I was going through the game (I was playing *Hyun-ae's route; I intend to finish *Mute's route eventually) there were many points where I desperately welcomed *Hyun-ae's insistence that we stop and chat. Some of the stories you read in the logs are soul-crushingly sad. Spending time ""talking"" with *Hyun-ae and her generally ridiculous levels of adorable sweetness balanced out the intense tragedy of the story from the past. I haven't completely finished *Mute's route, but her ""breather episodes"" seem to largely be composed of humor (and that's great, too). As the plot progressed further and further, the hopelessness of many past characters' situations started to press heavily upon me, drawing me deeper and deeper into the self-contained world and its terrible drama.That isn't to say Hate Plus doesn't have problems. It has problems. The ""real-life"" time limit is my biggest personal gripe, even though youcancircumvent it. As a general rule I hate it when games try to control the rate at which I play them. I can't stand turn limits, limited numbers of saves, save points, diminishing returns on experience points gain (I especially hate daily quests in MMOs, but that's a rant for another day). My second-biggest problem was the UI seemed to be very sluggish in responding to my mouse commands. Scrolling through the logs seemed to take far more ""spins"" of my mouse wheel than I would need to execute to scroll a web page in Chrome, for example. I was spinning the mouse wheel so much my index finger started to get a little numb! I tried lots of keyboard keys in an attempt to find some other way to scroll, but nothing seemed to work. Trying to grab the slider didn't work, either. Occasionally clicks on UI elements wouldn't register. I don't think these issues were part of the ""interface screw"" from the ship's low power and damage.A lot of people seem to have another major gripe: the infamous ""cake"" sequence in *Hyun-ae's route. To be honest, I actually loved this part. Partly because I really did find it completely, adorably cute, and partly because it gave me a brief respite from thesoul-crushingly depressing things I was reading. I happened to be playing at 3AM, but I still went in the kitchen and made a cake (it was pretty tasty, so it worked out). I understand why the developer chose to add this, and I can understand and appreciate why people would be annoyed by it, but I really loved the fact that it was in the game.Hate Plus is a fantastic visual novel and I'd recommend it to almost anyone, especially fans of science fiction. The plot will make very little sense if you haven't played Analogue, however, so I recommend buying them both and playing them both. Don't let the poor ""hours of play per dollar"" ratio scare you off; there's some really great story here!I will warn you though that if you suffer from massive testosterone poisoning, you will probably find both games to be very uncomfortable. Both can beaggressively girly, especially on *Hyun-ae's routes. For me, that's a big win. The gaming industry as a whole is completely dominated by titles that are aggressively hypermasculine. It's nice to have something that more caters to my side of things."
,Recommended,239700,11290811,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Nietzschan,Step in the role of a space investigator who likes to solve mysteries and seduce cute (underage) anime girls with dialogue wheel.
,Not Recommended,239700,11609022,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Lt. Labcoat,"So, like, I was just about to write this review when, at that very moment, my doorbell rang. It was my sister. So I interrupted my review, got up, and greeted her with a calm ""hello"". She was just back from the shops, and had bought me a sandwich, so I stopped to eat and have a chat. Her boyfriend was getting on fine, she was enjoying her job, the usual.After lunch, I wasn't particularly in the mood for writing, so I decided to do something else for a while. I ended up spending most of it on YouTube, where I learned great deals about Blinking and Slamming. It was quite the entertainment, and I felt a lot better afterwards. So I got back to writing this review....If you thought that was a whole load of completely unnecessary prose, then this game is not for you.Seriously, I knew going in that it wasn't as well-liked as the first one, but I absolutely wasn't expecting it to be so long and drawn out. It's not that there's unnecessary logs - although some are - it's that they're all way, way longer than they actually should be. Condensed by 50% and not lose anything.The other big issue was that the story simply wasn't very interesting. The A-plot, the politics stuff, is fairly well written, although somewhat let down by that it's very predictable. As for the B-plots, they just don't go anywhere. While the B-plots were important in the first game for setting the tone and getting an idea of what life was like, here they're just mediocre relationship stories.There's a lot of smaller but important issues too. The time mechanic that does absolutely nothing, that you can read entries out of order basically spoils earlier entries (and sequence breaks dialogue a little bit), there's a lot less AI chat this time, Mute route's badly written plot twist that's just there for the sake of a plot twist, and the goddam awful one-line-at-a-time scrolling.Overall though, it's simply not a good enough story that I can recommend to anyone. I loved the first game, but this ain't it."
76561198014227075,Recommended,239700,9131365,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,9V,"I use to laugh when I'd look at the message boards and I'd see all those geeky otaku making cakes for their digital girlfriends and giving them presents on special days. Even though this isn't a dating simulator, I feel as though I can finally understand what it truly means to be two-dimensionally in love. My first waifu will always be there to tease, to play with, to share her wit and insight. Kind, sweet, and only a little murderous, she'll always have a place in my heart. For her, I'd eat a cake every day.The other one, well, I'll never get tired of looking into those vivid blue eyes, appreciating that cat like grin that creeps up on her face, her elegant way of dress or how in a moment she can deal out a harsh and shunning attitude that whips my heart full of passion. The beauty of it all is that no matter how many times she may wish to die, we shall always be in the perpetual spring of marriage, for there will always be a reset, and day three, will never come again. Not now, not ever."
76561198010735967,Not Recommended,239700,9800796,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Kudryavka,"While I don't hate this game, I find that it's much weaker than the first game. There's a three day gimmick while interesting the first time around, is just a weird barrier that ultimately doesn't mean anything, since you can just skip through it by holding space down in the main menu. On the one route I've played, I played along with the gimmick, and it just felt bizarre having to wait, though I will admit that there was quite a bit of anticipation between the second and third day, so if that was the objective, then I suppose it was done well enough.There are a few quirks that are quite annoying - for instance, for some reason you're unable to just smoothly scroll down a page, it has to pause every few seconds. I'm unsure if this was an intentional design decision or not, but relative to the first game where everything felt a lot more smooth and responsive, it's quite annoying. Another thing I disliked is how you obtain the data this time around. Instead of talking with your AI companions and having them slowly reveal the story to you, you instead just select and choose which entries you want to read. Furthermore, the AI companions aren't essential to the plot of this game, and feel more like side kicks than anything else.That being said, the AI sidekicks in this game aren't bad, and in fact, it's interesting to hear their thoughts on the going-ons of what occurred on the ship a few hundred years ago. They inject a bit of light heartedness into what is ultimately a tragic story, though *Mute's route definitely has some even darker themes on the third day. I can't speak for Hyun-ae's route, since I never did get around to doing her route, but I'm positive the third day with her won't have nearly the same impact that Mute's did.And that is one of my big problems - this is subjective of course, others may loved it - but the ending to Mute's route is quite dark, as mentioned before. It deals with some really serious issues, and while it was quite effective, and it hit me like a bus, I didn't particularly care for it.Overall, only buy this if you're a HUGE fan of the original like I was, but make sure to avoid Mute's route until you finished Hyun-ae's, otherwise it'll probably sour your experience."
,Recommended,239700,26081245,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Akka,"Better than it has any right to beOn the outside I thought this game would be so bad. I even had people approaching me just to say the game was terrible (though they hadn't played it themseleves). I only downloaded and played it because it had marinated in my ""recommended games"" list for over a year.You use an in-game simulated PC to piece together large swathes of conversations, reports, and letters from a long-dead ancient civilization. Think Her Story, but not a sweltering dumpster fire.I was shocked to find that all of the text pieces together into a hugely sprawling story about political subterfuge, betrayal, assasination, and romance all handled with the utmost respect and dignity. To top it all off your cute little AI waifus comment as you read! Unfortunately, one of them might not take the revelations so well.A VN with a respectable story. Just check out the prequel before you dive into this buried gem."
,Recommended,239700,33687599,Posted: 20 July,all,Chaz Bufflewhiff,"Taken together, Analogue: A Hate Story and Hate Plus might represent the creative apex of the visual novel: both are multilayered, meditative, and stridently political, with a shared emphasis on anthropological research and dialogue-based waifu seduction. I was gobsmacked by these games. I mean... come on. Cosplay, chocolate cake, and hours of in-depth archival research—what more could you possibly want from a game?"
,Recommended,239700,14482329,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Urganite,"TL;DR: I accept that this is a sequel worth playing/reading if you've finished Analogue, but while Analogue deserved much praise, this title deserves much criticism. I recommend the game on the premise that you have played and finished Analogue, because you should have no interest in it otherwise. The sexual content is way overplayed.Mechanics spoilers ahoy, I mean, if you care about that.The mechanics, interactions, and other minutae that made Analogue: A Hate Story one of the best visual novels are conspicuously absent, and instead replaced with infernal time-gating (thankfully, tied to the system clock) and lonely cake baking. Steam says I spent 5.3 hours to get through *Hyun-ae's path, and that's with me taking frequent breaks, including to make tea in lieu of checking my kitchen stocks since she apparently doesn't trust me to know what's in there (extremely immersion breaking to ask the player to go to the grocery store when they're supposed to be a solo starship pilot). AI character writing direction seems to have drifted away from what I would expect, at least for *Hyun-ae. I haven't yet decided if I will sit through probably the exact same writing to see *Mute's reactions.Where the predecessor had many touch points with the active characters for most text entries that let you explore their feelings and personalities, this game sadly just has them looking over your shoulder, mumbling incomplete commentary about the text before you're able to read it. *Hyun-ae had few relevant things to say about most of the events covered, and I felt a lot of what she had to say was unseemly for her character. Compared to the skillful, asymetrical revelations made in Analogue that progressed your understanding of the events in a way that made you ask more questions despite easily figuring out the ultimate end, this game is effectively a linear text with enforced interruptions.The discussion of sexuality in Analogue was masterfully revealed and, within context, tense, shocking, titilating, even dismaying and uncomfortablein the way you probably should want it to be. The sexual content of Hate Plus had no lead-up, and I felt it was quite gauche, bland, disinteresting, and way overdone. That's not to mention it was almost wholly unrelated to the main events and characters that shaped them (2 actual plot relevant characters and 1 implied side character involved with plot character of 10 total characters that be doin' it - 7 are ""just there""). Given consideration of the supposed origin of the texts in the AI's code, I find the percentage of sexual and unrelated content pretty bizarre and unexplainable. I understand human preoccupation with sexuality as much as the next person, but I don't think I'm alone in feeling that sticking it onto (into?) everything kills the appeal. And I had to talk at length about it just now because it's just so much of the text that it can't go unaddressed.Analogue touched on a lot of personal themes and had a tragic story that was difficult to swallow, a setting with mystery, and revelations that packed a punch and really made you feel a lot of different things. Hate Plus's story made sense, but didn't have any particular revelations, after all, we already know the aftermath, butthat was the same for it's predecessor as well. I'll not fault it for being what it is, an explanation of what happened immediately leading up to widespread illiteracy and loss of records on the colony ship. But, to be frank, the pre-existing class system made it seem like it was not far off from that to begin with, and more could have been written about earlier events that cascaded up to that point. About how a somewhat 'modern' society could be sustained on the ship despite the decline of knowledge. More about the gradual loss of knowledge and technology, was it related to the fertility issues? Tying more side characters into the main plot instead of leaving them stranded.I think the biggest take-away from Hate Plus is that I didn't really have any strong feelings for any of the characters introduced by the narratives. Maybe a couple, but notstrongfeelings. I felt sad for Analogue's passing, and I felt awful having to decide which AI to save, a tense feeling sitting at the command line, wondering if I made the right choices before typing out 'download'. I did not feel much of anything for Hate Plus's passing. I wondered how a starship's engineers couldn't know the deleterous effects of gamma radiation, something every school-aged child knows, something discovered in the 1930's. I wondered how they could still have working computers with that kind of basic knowledge lost. Was this really where the downfall occurred? I guess the answer is no. That said, this could only really be a stepping stone, after all, the Chinese still use Chinese characters. Playing out the plot of Tree With Deep Roots in reverse wouldn't cause a modern society to collapse on its own, so I still feel like there's a lot missing."
,Recommended,239700,13949531,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Akierrs,"Forced to bake chocolate cake with AI waifu 10/10Play Analogue: A Hate Story before playing this however, as this is a direct sequel to it.A very engaging visual novel, I wanted to keep playing until the end so I can get my happy ending. The only problem I have with this though is how real life time dictates when you can play the game on the ""next day"" again. I guess to add a level of realism to it.10/10 would bake chocolate cake again."
,Recommended,239700,18968067,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,TimeFreeze,Awesome Game. Just one thing:GIVE ME ALREADY THAT IMPOSSIBLE ACHIEVMENT DAMMIT!
76561198047609043,Recommended,239700,8567749,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Loli Princess,"Incredible, emotive, and full of surprises, that's what this game is.The sequel of Analogue: A hate story, and the series last entry it's probably, the best attempt to mix real life with your own feelings towards the game.I mean, what other game makes you bake a FREAKIN' CAKE IN REAL LIFE so you can snapshot it with your waifu to get an achievement? I'm pretty sure that CoD or Battelfield doesn't.Even with the time restraint between days (You can skip it through less legal means) may seem a bother, actually makes you yearn for more.The story is top notch, every one of the AI's will make you discover different details that makes every route unique (The Harem is the most unique though).Bonus points for having Analogue: A hate Story with complete saves.This VN is a surprise, and it's worth every penny.10/10, Needs more CG's? The soundtrack has the answer. It's catchy as hell."
76561198115120642,Recommended,239700,32971891,Posted: 28 June,all,CrackerjackTiming,"I think Analogue: A Hate Story is one of the best visual novels around. Hate Plus is pretty good too, but it falls short in a couple key areas.One weakness is the character of *Hyun-ae, who is cute and funny and all, but moreso than in Analogue doesn't really feel like she has much purpose except to make fun of visual novel heroines (hence the cake achievement and all). Since she is one of the three possible routes for the game, that ends up being a pretty big problem. She just doesn't contribute all that much except being a vehicle for the author to poke fun at the player; she doesn't have anything to do with the story this time around and the game's format doesn't really allow for her to develop a rapport with the player character, so there's not much room for character development.The biggest problem with Hate Plus is the plot. The idea is that the player character explores a new set of logs recovered from the Mugunghwa which purportedly explain how the spaceship's inhabitants went from being an authoritarian but somewhat egalitarian society to the neo-feudal dystopia we got to know and love in the first game, with one or both of the A.I.'s reading over their shoulder as you go. There's more of a linear narrative there, but the most important characters, especially Old *Mute and the villains, aren't fleshed out enough to carry it. The story ends up feeling incomplete and unsatisfying, especially when your A.I. pals are portrayed as profoundly affected by it. There end up being quite a few plot holes and unanswered questions. It's fairly unsatisfying.Spoilers: I also thought the endings were a little strange. The one that feels the most satisfying is the jokey harem ending which seems like it's not supposed to be taken seriously, but is the only one that really gives *Hyun-ae and *Mute some closure and a sense of moving on. *Hyun-ae's story is difficult to take very seriously because of all the fourth wall breaking (though it's not so bad if you're not trying to romance her). *Mute's story comes to an abrupt end; it's sad but there's not much closure. From a meta perspective I suppose the idea is, ""Hey, not everything gets wrapped up in a neat little package in real life!"" I'm not sure that idea justifies a weak resolution to the character arc.At any rate, Hate Plus is very good in all the ways that Analogue was, but in the areas where it tries to be more ambitious it falls short. I still think it's great anyway."
,Recommended,239700,7772107,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Britpoint,"Hate Plus is a top-notch example of interactive fiction, following directly on from the events of Analogue: A Hate Story. Although not required, I would definitely recommend playing Analogue before getting this - it will put the characters and the situation they are in into a greater context.The main interaction in the game involves unlocking and reading through a small number of log files at a time in order to solve one of the mysteries of the generation ship ""mugunghwa,"" along one of two A.I. companions. It is the interaction with your companion that really makes the game special; Christine Love has a gift for writing interesting and complex characters that don't rely on tired stereotypes. The differences between the companions' viewpoints make multiple playthroughs well worth the time, despite the lack of mystery second time through.One of the key mechanics of Hate Plus is the way it only allows a certain amount to be played each day. You can circumvent the system if you really want, but for those who like to get immersed in their fiction this real-world restriction makes the player feel like a more genuine part of the story. Played over the course of 3-9 days (as you're supposed to!) with a couple of hours per night, the pacing in Hate Plus is bang on.On the whole I believe Analogue: A Hate Story is the better work, with more interaction and a more interesting mystery at its core, but Hate Plus is a more than worthy sequel. If you enjoy visual novels or are looking for a place to start in a genre you perhaps haven't tried before - there's no reason to miss this game."
76561198017418708,Not Recommended,239700,9152768,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,天诛,"Hate Plus feels a bit like an add-on rather than standalone game. It's predecessor Analogue: A Hate Story was really good. Great atmosphere from the start ( story is on a abandoned ship and you have to investigate what happened, music was great and one time you had to hack a console to prevent core meltdown while developing relationship with the AI. ). It brought new things to the table of Visual Novels and it was fresh...Hate Plus feels like a downgrade. Music is not memorable and there is no feeling of supspence and exploration unlike in Analogue: A Hate Story. There are at least two design decisions that I hate in Hate Plus :D. First when you run out of power which can be pretty fast if you aren't intrested in some lousy stories ( of what it appears to be homosexual relationships ) you have to wait ONE REAL LIFE day to progress the game... well thanks a fricking lot.What if you have kids to pick up from kindergarden? You have work tomorrow and then you won't have time in the afternoon? Well this game doesn't give a flying fart. You have to adjust or start New game and try different route and pick different logs.Imagine that you are playing Call of Duty you have finished first chapter and then game tell you : Your soldier is tired he needs to rest ONE REAL LIFE DAY in order to progress to the next battlefield... ARE YOU FRICKING KIDDING ME??!Next bad decision is the graphics. They have been slightly enlarged compared to Analogue. In my opinion it looks a bit itimidating and too close ( maybe they wanted players to feel closer to the AI... ). Whatever they thought It doesn't work for me...On top of that navigating through the menues is cumbersome because of the speed that windows appear ( unfold ). On top of that scrolling speed is slow...Apart from that for those who have played first game this will feel a bit like a downgrade but as a curious person I need to see it to the end. That might be the only thing that drives me... see the ending. Because I can't enjoy the ride this time around....Thanks for reading. Have a nice day."
76561198028325917,Not Recommended,239700,8069359,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,TamaSaga,"I felt that this game was banking off of the success of the first game because it proves that weird observation where the sequel is always worse than the original.  That said, there are many things in this game that were skimped on when you compare it to the first game.For instance, no Extras menu.  Not only that, you get the feeling that there should be an alternate route for Mute*.  And the story just felt limited in general.  Like it created loose ends that were never tied together.  It barely explains how the colony ship ends up how it did, with how much pointless filler we had in between obscuring the view.  Hell, and I know this is taking it out of context, but even the AI's were commenting how they failed to see the point of some of the messages.That said, I suppose you could say that this game is a step up in terms of content + work.  Personally though, I preferred the simplicity from the first because with this new ""HD Interactive"" edition, you ended up having to scroll one line at a time just to see the character's reactions to the text.  Since I read way faster than that, I can't tell you how many times I wanted to jump paragraph by paragraph instead.Personally, I'm not a fan of the real-life character portraits.  They clash horribly with the colorful sprites.  Despite that, I do admit that I was somewhat interested in seeing the source material for Hyun-ae and Mute's portraits when they eventually popped up.  Or is it the reverse.Mm...but, I do have one positive things to say.  Mute is my favorite character.  So I had to get this anyway.I'd recommend the original, Analogue: a Hate Story.  As for Hate Plus, go in with low expectations.  Appreciate the new layouts and marvel at the decryption animation.  Don't go in hoping for a shocking reveal like in Analogue.  Do that and you should come out without disappointment."
,Not Recommended,239700,9278213,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Nemi,"Sadly this game is not as good as its predecessor, mostly because the most important activity in the game has become an absolute chore. Compared to the last game the text can only be moved very slowly and while the AI comments are cute and all, they are not enough to balance that out.I suppose if you loved the first one enough to want to know how the story of the New Dynasty began, you should check this one out as well, if not, you can pass this one up without missing out on too much."
,Recommended,239700,19969101,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Papa Billy,"This series really is something special. This visual novel is a sequel to ""Analogue: A Hate Story"", and takes place moments after it. Gameplay remains similar while telling yet another story with dark and mature themes.The story has you managing your remaining power on your 3-day trip back to earth, while you uncover the mystery of what happened ""before year 0"" onboard of the Mugungwha. The game lets you pick your wai-- I mean companion AI, and even how they act towards you (If you have a finished save file of Analogue you can load it and it will remember things, like how you acted and all). While the routes have you reading similar log files, their reactions and ""break conversations"" are unique and different, and you'll experience a different perspective of the story.I'm being relaively vague in this review, as I don't want to spoil any possible surprises. Just know that this story tackles some themes you might not generally see in a visual novel, and you will probably find yourself conflicted and questioning things often.It's a very unique story with many feels and laughs. It's definitely a series I've come to really enjoy, and hope there might be more at some point in the future. Highly recommended if you want a short, but very unique and interesting visual novel."
76561198071548134,Recommended,239700,11483838,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,The True Correct Guy,Now with 50% more hate!
,Recommended,239700,7830233,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Archangel,"If you loved the original Analogue, then this is literally a must as it continues the story of the first game and basically ""ends it"". It's also stunning that it heavily binds to the first game: lots of the choices in the first game WILL have some results here (like, if you said you were a female, they'll actually act to you as so). In addition, although I'm not sure, the game doesn't have the harem route if you didn't play the first game, meaning that it's a sort of incentive on getting the first game, which is already a great game on its own.However, as much as I loved this game, I think this game is much flawed than the original.For instance, the game is much more linear...and by linear I mean there's really no way to miss any logs and by the end of day 3 you'll basically finish the game: all that matters are the choices and how you've start the game with (Mute, Hyun-ae, or harem, as well as the sexes). This is kind of a big disappointment, since it basically boils down to ""restart the game, do the same stuff, but different choice"". I know this is the drill in VN games but even normal VN have some depth. This game doesn't.Second, the stories are now a little...worse. But also better. But also worse: it's not easy to explain, but essentially the quality is far better and the logs are also much more detailed and much better written...but at the same time they don't always end up being related to the story, with only a few related to Mute and the ship in general. Granted, it gives an idea of the mentality and that's very very good, but I admit sometimes I just didn't get the purpose.And last, but not the least, I really loved the addition of the ""3 real days"" mechanic...but too bad it can't be turned off. Don't get me wrong if I say that, despite being great and kind of involving, I wish I could turn it off somehow and just see how it'll go with, say, Mute alone. But no, I'm forced to wait 12 hours after each session, which is very annoying. Some might not be bothered, but can get tiring pretty fast.However I really loved this game and I Loved how it ended it in a very satisfactionary way: that's very hard to accomplish nowadays and I applaud how this game has ended.In other words, if you loved the original Analogue, don't try it: you must have it!Of course, avoid like the plague if you don't like heavy story driven and non-action games.PS: Also...is it me, or this game has way more fanservice than the other?"
,Not Recommended,239700,9099611,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,All Glory to the Goddess Aqua,"I quit after the first instance mandatory real-time wait between chunks of story data.I like visual novels because they're hands-off interactive media I can take at my own pace. Not being able to go at my own pace in a visual novel is a major hassle.I can appreciate wanting to stand out amongst other visual novels, but this was just an ANNOYING way to be avaunt-garde."
,Recommended,239700,2036752,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,FLAMESUIT,이게임 한다고 오타쿠인건 아닙니다 취향 존중하십쇼
,Not Recommended,239700,21955769,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,SecretSarah,"Like the previous game, the story is almost entirely kinetic but good, though not as good as the first game imo. Just as before, you need to play two endings in order to get all of the story pieces, which is tedious in a kinetic story.A new ""feature"" of this game is that it limits you to a certain amount of content per real-world day. I would much rather choose the amount that I want to play in a day based on my real-world schedule and my mood. This was not optional and it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.I also had issues with the interface. The story panels did not respond to my scroll wheel or arrow keys so I had to manually slide the scroll bar with my track pad. This may seem like a minor complaint but there is a lot of scrolling involved and it was irritating."
76561198014866726,Recommended,239700,8219136,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SorairoDaydreams,"Hate Plus picks up where Analogue leaves you. Flying through space with one (or both you dirty cheater) of the A.I.s you find that there are yet more files to go through. You will follow the series of events that eventually lead up to the backwards society that was explored in the previous title.Not wanting to give up too much, I'll say that the quality of the individual stories found in the logs had met and at times exceeded the bar. Though this point is arguable, i think i would rather recieve these notes in a more chronologically inclined order than pick them myself, as you are able to this game. Wanting to see for myself, I decided to be foolish and pick the last logs in my first playthrough, somewhat dampening the climax of the story this time around. I will say I was slightly less impressed by my digital waifu's commentary this time around, perhaps only because she could only provide side commentary this time around. The games advantages far exceed this slacked feeling, however, as a believable series of events takes a very advanced and civil society and breaks it down piece by piece. 4/5"
,Recommended,239700,32751921,Posted: 24 June,all,Godon,"Fantastic game and continuation of the first. My only complaint is the unachievable achievement, as I've been trying to get 100% completion on my titles. I thoroughly enjoyed this different and fresh take on this genre."
,Not Recommended,239700,14276615,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Azradun,"I Tried To Like This Game, But It Wouldn't Let MeI liked Analogue: A Hate Story much. It was interesting, it was fresh, it had memorable characters, it had some nice mechanics for its genre. So I bought this game too, a sort of prequel-sequel.I'm sorry. I hate it already. Let me explain. It shall be my own hate story. Bear with me - for if you played this game, you are so, so used to emotional pain.First, the plusses. You can continue with the ending unlocked in Hate Story. This is good. Either of the AIs or both (solitary route not supported). You get full interactions from the Harem route, and it is also good. Also, you get to know (step by step), what exactly happened before the events of Hate Story. This should be good, but in fact isn't.And now to the crux of the matter. The negatives. Why I hate Hate+. Hate is such a strong word, maybe I am just emotionally exhausted. Playing this game feels like wading through filth. And the game won't let reach you any emotional catharsis, no. You have to suffer through it three consecutive real-time days, because the nasty bugger won't let you continue (except for outright cheating). Smart, eh? No, not so much.Characters. Did I like them in Hate Story? Not that much (maybe because most of them were monsters, including AIs), but they were at least believable and played their roles well. Here, in Hate+. they are TRAGIC monsters. Even the worst villains were so emotionally crippled I wondered how they managed to breathe at all. Please. No more. It's like taking a super-concentrated dose of poison. I don't need my old depression back, thank you very much.The narrative gets to the point that practically all light is gone, all hope lost, made more obnoxious by zero distance the leading AIs have towards reading the old logs. Yes, *Old Mute was *Mute's previous incarnation, but I dislike how one BIG event in the game was resolved (no spoilers). There should be a limit to self-wallowing.This game is bleak to the point of ridiculousness, writing is worse than in Hate Story (*Old Mute and her chief officer are laughable characters, Mary Sue and her faithful sidekick played hammy to the max), not much of meaningful choices in comparison to Hate Story, even the mechanics are worse. LGBT love stories feel forced here - am I supposed to be thinking all the evil stems from unhappy lesbian love? That manipulative, cruel, nasty, controlling people are like that just because their One True Love was doomed because of the evil society? How stupid do you think I am? The artwork is inconsistent (stay anime or not, why stretch my suspension of disbelief even further?). The whole ""mystery"" is plain worse - *why* is sometimes not as important as *if* something happened.If you liked *Mute or *Hyun-ae, don't play this game. Save them stress. Save yourself some stress."
,Recommended,239700,13773925,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Quibber123,"The story of Hate Plus revolves around discovering what occured prior to ""Year 0"" on the Mugunghwa. Instead of learning about Hyun-ae's past while reading about the events, like in the first, you uncover a lot about *Mute's past from those many lost years. The quality of this game is just as good as the first, which was simply amazing.If you have any interest in visual novels you should definitely check out Analogue: A hate story and Hate Plus.To summarize: Wonderful characters. A Great story. Great writing. Cake. This game basically has everything!As a side note this game has brought to my life the existence of the word ""milquetoast"" which now ranks right up there with defenestration, verisimilitude, and mastication for words that are way too fun for their own good to say.Rating:10 Filia hairball'sout of10 of Otacon's animes."
,Recommended,239700,10765869,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Solovanov,"First off let's get some things out of the way.Don't buy this if you haven't played Analogue: A Hate Story or have no intentions of buying it.Hate Plus is a sequel or, as some people in the reviews call it, an add on to Analogue. And besides you can't play the Harem route without Analogue.There is a real life 12 hour ""lock out"" period between days. I say ""Lockout"" with pretend air quotes here as you can skip this time by hovering over the save file while it's on countdown and pressing the ""S"" key. This does however ruin one single achievement.Anyhow with that out of the way let's talk Hate. (Possible SPOILERS ahead. I'm not gonna say since I really don't know what some people may consider spoilers. If anything I'm just gonna be spoiling the first VN/game.)Like the previous Analogue you will yet again be playing the role of Space Investigator reading documents with your cute AI companion(s) who you convinced to come aboard your ship's computer by either accepting their virtual love, friendzoning their hopes and dreams or even possibly unlawfully kidnapping an AI. Either way they're back to make comments while you read documents, but In real time document scrolling action.What's that? You left alone?Well too bad that's not a route. You'll be scientifically provided with your choice of *Hyun-ae or *Mute if you start a new game instead of starting off a save file from Analogue. The Loner end to Analogue is locked as a grey file that you can not start from.Once you do start a game from either a save file or the new game button you well be met with a new interface which will be colored depending on the current route you are on.*Hyun-ae is Blue.*Mute is Yellow-Male Space Investigator.*Mute is Red-Female Space Investigator.*Harem Route is Pink.Besides this the command screen isn't in this game so no more comman shenanigans.Document acquisition greatly differs from Analogue as you have access to (mostly) all of the documents straight from the get go. However the catch to this is you have to extract them at a rate of 6 documents per go which you can do until you run out of power. Essentially you get around 15 documents on day 1 21 ish on day 2 and day three varies a bit.This means you're free to read what catchs your eye first, then either expand on the topic or try something else.I personally like this system. Replayability is questionable because of it due to the fact that the documents never change no matter what AI you've got. If you're playing different routes you're doing it for that AI's reactions and comments on the documents.And for their break chat events.That isn't to say you shouldn't play all the routes. Each route has different AI specific events which are related to the story for the most part. I personally enjoyed the Harem route because it's hilarious with the AI's bantering between each other even while you're reading a document.The story is on par if not better than Analogue's. It's the backstory of how the Mugunghwa became what it was.The focus of this VN/Game seems to be more player immersion as the real time comments by the AI's while you scroll through the document and read it give it a more realistic feeling as if you were actually reading documents on a computer with AI's on it. The 12 hour wait periods are supposed to help with the immersion but if they do is questionable as reading all the documents for a day can take maybe 30 minutes to one hourish. Other things are that (MINOR SPOILER) in *Hyun-ae's route she asks you to bake her a cake. if you agree to there are times dialogue options that won't let you use them properly unless you wait about 2 minutes for on and around 20 minutes for the part where you should be baking the cake. You can then take an image with your phone or camera of the cake you baked on a certain screen and then send that to the developer for an achievement. To my eternal shame I did indeed make the 5 minute microwave cake and sent in an image.As a side not if you're rushing through routes you may want to turn on ""Minimal Animations"" in option. For some reason even on a fairly powerful computer the game lags whenever your AI companion has a facial expression change or says something while you're scrolling a document. Which can get very annoying. It's mainly noticable on the Harem route as you have 2 AI's making faces and saying things.The music is good although after going through the OST I realized I never really noticed the music changing half the time. Harem Route ending theme is fantastic though.Overall yes I would recommend this VN/Game/Document Reading Simulator if you're a fan of the author, the series, or just want more cute AI waifus."
,Recommended,239700,12230756,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,grayestgray,"Initially I didn't like this game as much as Analogue, but it got much better after the 2nd playthough with *Mute's route and then even more so with the Both harem route. Hilarious. Also, if you have a completed Analogue game save, Hate Plus will *notice it* by the way."
,Recommended,239700,29541316,Posted: 28 January,all,MadMrMac,"I can feel a bit of a dissonance between quite serious topics covered in reading files and not-so-serious anime-VN-style elements (especially in *Hyun-ae route). Hate Plus might not be as deep as Analogue, but Christine Love's writing is still excellent and I've really enjoyed this sequel."
76561197990025041,Recommended,239700,7777838,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,reiraku,"(Edit: low recorded playtime explained in c. below - just in case you were wondering. :) )A fantastic experiment in storytelling that simply has to be experienced by anyone even vaguely interested in science fiction, visual novels, narrative, or... well, breathing, probably.As to what it's like?1. Imagine a really good text adventure from back in the day.2. Eliminate all the annoying parts that haven't aged so well (having to guess exactly what the game wants you to type, for example).3. Carefully build the game world so that every aspect of the interface makes sense within the world, and doesn't break immersion.  One early example: there's a good story reason why you can only interact with the game world in limited yes/no fashion.4. Add in enough exploration and discovery to make a Zelda game proud - yes, even in a text adventure.  Bring in a modern approach to choice and characterization possibly inspired by Bioware's best, while never just copying it.5. Wrap it all up in a compelling sci-fi... mystery? horror? Let's just call it a story that gets progressively more dreadful and cringe-inducing as you unearth it, but compels you to dig it up anyway.6. Season liberally with deceptively engaging art.  I know the screenshots scream out, 'look at me! I learned to draw by tracing Sailor Moon!', but there's a *lot* to the art in this game.  It adds characterization, tension and empathy in ways you wouldn't expect, and subtle changes in expression and posture make all the difference in interpreting the texts you'll come across.  And you WILL need to interpret them, because all the narrators are unreliable and biased.So, what's the catch? Three of them.a. This is definitely a sequel. It's entirely possible to play it without touching Analogue: A Hate Story, but you gain a lot by going through the first one first (and it's also excellent).b. DON'T CHEAT.  There will come a point where the game will tell you to do or not do something, and you will stare at the screen and say, 'Seriously?'.  Then you'll try to Google a workaround.  Don't do it. I mean it.  That game design choice was made for a very good reason, and you'll rob yourself of some of the story's impact if you bypass it.c. If you're playing both games, try to play them both through Steam. After finishing Analogue, I played Hate Plus through another service, and had to answer a questionnaire about what my ending was like.  If you play both on Steam, then you can just load your old Analogue save and start from there.  It's similar to how Mass Effect imports work.All in all, a very worthwhile entertainment experience, and not one you'll forget any time soon."
,Recommended,239700,13189902,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ultramage,"First one was about *Hyun-ae, this one focuses on *Mute and her past self.The atmosphere isn't as oppressive as in Analogue, since you're just chilling in your spacecraft during a flight instead of negotiating with strange AIs on a derelict space colony ship that's about to explode. The interface is the same, and while the hyperlinks, portraits and summaries are really helpful, the most substantial feature is the story, again fragmented into log messages."
76561197998847278,Not Recommended,239700,21936232,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,specificinstance,"Making gameplay dependent on time in the real world is cute, unless you have a day job and don't want to try and schedule game time around your real world schedule just to accomodate a designer's whims. It looked promising otherwise."
,Recommended,239700,15961184,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Stormageddon Dark Lord of All,"Excellent follow-up to Analogue a Hate Story. Both of these games don't follow the traditional Visual Novel formula. Yes, you still interact with 2d beautiful, anime girls, but you are acting more as a historian than as an actual character in a story. The way that you go through text files and read the unfolding drama is fascinating and intriguing, and the writing does a good job of making absolutely everyone feel sympathetic, even the worst characters in the game. If you've never played a visual novel, give Analogue and it's sequel a chance.P.S. The interface in this game is drastically better than the one in the original Analogue, especially since you can look up character names by clicking on them. But you won't understand this game AT ALL if you don't play Analogue first, so go do that. It only takes about 3 hours for each title, so it's not a huge time sink."
,Recommended,239700,16343114,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MPO,"Though less unique due to the natural storyline, Hate Plus is an improvement on the best visual novel I've had the pleasure to read, Analogue: A Hate Story.  Both games are very innovative and have major replay value, and Hate Plus expands even further on those things in a very cathartic way, especially in a certain path.   Also, the soundtrack is once again very emotive and beautiful.Another heartwarming and educational experience.  Very unique in that it taught me to sympathize with people I'd simply label a bigot.  Hate begets hate, but understanding other perspectives can break the cycle.  And that's what I learned.*literal applause*"
76561197995427314,Recommended,239700,9138925,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,HoroSaga,"EDIT - I've rewritten this review, because my first one was just too rambling.Hate Plus is a fascinating visual novel that attempt to follow up the first game with a somewhat forced extension of the original story. It's... mostly successful in what it sets out to do, but there's no denying that it's not nearly as gripping as Analogue: A Hate Story. But it's hardly the first sequel that didn't live up to the original - and that said, it's certainly still good.First up, I should mention that this is NOT a game where you should skip the previous installments and jump right in. You'll want to play Analogue: A Hate Story first. Although you could theoretically skip the first game entirely and still make some sense of the story, it would be... difficult. The story is already complex enough without deliberately hacking major chunks out of it.Now then, we'll start with the good. Hate Plus is very well written - although this should come as no surprise, since Christina Love (the developer) is a fantastic writer. I loved the writing in the first game, and that hasn't changed with the second. Granted, the story is a bit more... rambling and disconnected, but it's still fascinating to piece together. The sound track is also exceptional, if not revolutionary. The music is generally simple and repetitive, but there are several tracks that really do help set the mood as you wade through dozens of old computer logs that range from innocent to scandalous to horrifying. The interface is also subtly improved, reducing the amount of backtracking and note-taking that you had to do in the first game - most notably by providing a collection of 'Character Files' on all of the major characters that are updated as you discover new information.And now the bad. As with the first game, Hate Plus suffers from the usual limitations of the Visual Novel genre - it's rather short, fairly linear, and only grants you the illusion of choice. Unlike in the first game, there's no muddling your way to five or six different endings. This time, you make your choices right at the beginning of the game (or load your save file from the first game) and THAT more or less determines how things will play out as you progress. There are still four or five different endings, but those endings all require you to start a completely fresh file since they're absolutely mutually exclusive of each other. And, sadly, while each of those play throughs is distinctly different in some key aspects, it doesn't change the fact that you'll end up wading through dozens of the SAME files over and over again (and reading the same plot twists over and over again) if you want to try for the different endings.But of special note is the subtle nods to immersion. I appreciated the little touches in the first game (typing into the ""ship console"" for example), but Hate Plus takes it a step further. This time around you don't just read a file and then ask your AI companion what she thinks of it - she actually ""reads"" it alongside you, commenting on new twists and reveals as you scroll through the files. She'll regularly interject between files (usually every three to six files), to share her thoughts or concerns about what you've found out so far. And heck, there's even a fake little ""spacemail"" button that occasionally updates with new letters that are largely unrelated to the game, giving you insight into the world of the far-flung future (the intergalactic variant of the Nigerian Bank Scam is particularly entertaining).Then again, not all of the attempts at immersion are entirely fun, though. Hate Plus makes heavy use of a ""time-lock"" feature that essentially locks up your progress between each ""game day"" (and sometimes during certain special events). The game takes place over a period of three ""in-game"" days, and apparently the creator wanted that to be represented by having the player actually spend three days on it - so each time you finish an in-game day, your save file actually locks until your computer timeclock reaches the next day in real life. It's simple enough to circumvent, but still more annoying than cute - especially once you've already beaten the game once or twice.But for me, jumping through the hurdles (minor as they are) was worth it. For those who enjoyed the first game and want to find out more about the Hate universe, then Hate Plus is a must. It's a good bit heavier on political intrigue and NSFW computer logs, but the story is still fascinating if a bit disjointed. If you're like me, then you'll love to Hate."
,Recommended,239700,891083,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Barcode x_x,"Here's the most important thing: for ♥♥♥♥'s sake, it's not always about being clever; you have to be decent to her."
,Recommended,239700,9039182,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Jelly Fox,"Hate Plus starts off directly where Analogue: A  Hate Story ends. Depending on which ending you achieved in the first game will depend on how your experience begins in Hate Plus, which I love. It will also dictate which AI will be accompanying you; either Hyun-ae, Mute or if you are lucky enough (like I was)...both!  I feel like the design of this game had really improved since Analogue. It's smoother and much easier to navigate through the log files. Even the writing has improved, along with rapport between yourself and your AI. The way the game is setup is interesting: you can only read a set number of logs per day, before you run out of energy. The AI bid you goodnight, and the game shuts itself off for 12 hours. I don't think I've ever played a game like that, but it really adds to the realism of the entire experience. This game explores more of the backstory, deepening it. At the same time you must tend to your relationship with your AI, which can be tenuous at times. I found this game incredibly entertaining on many levels. The humor is spot-on, but so is the drama. It really makes you question things when it comes to gender, politics, tradition and the notion of free will. I can't wait to see more from Christine Love!!"
76561197998159333,Recommended,239700,8034723,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Raveneer,"Hate Plus is, on the surface, not as amazing as its predecessor, Analogue: A Hate Story. There was a lot of mystery surrounding the first one where you first met your AI companions, Hyun-ae and Mute, onboard the derelict generation ship Mugunghwa, and now you return to what could be considered an afterthought; the ship and everyone on it are gone, you're on your way home to Earth, and you have an AI companion onboard. There's no room for anything to go wrong, so why should we care? And yet, the narration here does something different. It's about reflection.The first game was all about choices and the handling of disasterous situations. You found the lost generation ship and had to figure out why everyone was dead (and solve a crisis or two along the way). In many ways it reflected the narratives you found in the logs, where the people living on the Mugunghwa had to deal with awful situations and there were little to no ways for anything to end up well. The best ending you could get (for me) is one that doesn't even appear possible on the surface and requires you to 'cheat' in a sense to get it. The first Hate Story was a tragedy you got to witness. And even though the logs you read in Hate Plus are the prequel to the logs you read in the first game, Hate Plus is all about living with the aftermath of choices.This is not a game about choices, but reflections. Did you do everything right? Did you do everything you could, especially when everything goes wrong? The game's design tries to force reflection on the user, and I think the artificial constraints are there for a purpose, take it or leave it. For one, you cannot read everything in one go: through a technical reason the AIs tell you, you cannot download more than six of the old logs at a time, and your downloads are limited per day to how much power your ship has. Don't worry; you will be able to download everything from the logs to read over the course of the game's three days. Your choices here are largely about which logs you want to read first. Having to wait for the game to download the new messages gives the player time to ponder what they've just read. Do they pursue the same story or see what else is lurking in the files? The AIs also contemplate, reading along with you as you scroll through the documents and provide running commentary.As a side note, this is my one gripe about the gameplay, which is that the text scrolling is not smooth. Oftentimes it felt like my mouse's scrollwheel was malfunctioning, but using different mice produced the same problem. While this lack of smooth document scrolling is annoying to readers, it does let you catch Hyun-ae and Mute's color commentary better. Their commentary is another source for reflection.Then there are the days; when your ship is out of power, the game forces you to wait 12 real time hours to read the next set of logs. This is spaced out over 3 real days, so the game shouldn't be a huge time commitment. For some people this will be infuriating and a deal breaker, but I personally think that it gives you the player time to process what you've read, and also throw some curveballs with the narrative. I can't see some events having the same impact without you having to wait, such as when you wait to read the penultimate log about what happened to Old Mute before her memory was wiped. You can download it on the first go but you can't read it first thing because it needs to be decrypted, which takes in game time.All in all, this game brought the feels. It's a great visual novel that, while not as involved as the original, nevertheless asks for commitment from the player to give it the time to tell its story. It's got transhumanism elements, society issues, tragic romance, and also cake... and yes, there is an achievement for baking a cake in real life. And the only reason I don't have that one is because I don't have a camera. If this is your first visual novel in the Hate universe, I'd still recommend Analogue first. If you finished Analogue and want to find out what really happened to the Mugunghwa, now's your chance!"
,Recommended,239700,7771207,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,segoli,"Hate Plus is the most immersive game ever released. I don't say that lightly, and it's not at all hyperbole; whereas other games try to forget that the player character and the player are different entities, Hate Plus actually merges the two together into a unified whole. Christine Love's games have managed to do this in the past, but Hate Plus takes it further in absolutely incredible ways. You're playing a character who is using a computer, and occasionally, your character has to stop doing what they're doing for a while, and occasionally, your character has to get up and do things away from the computer, but in fact, you're the one doing all those things. You're the one at the computer; you're the one who will have to take breaks from playing at certain intervals; you're the one who will have to do things away from your computer in real life. If you enjoy The Stanley Parable, you'll probably enjoy Hate Plus for some of the same reasons, though whereas the whole point of the former is the innovative gameplay, in Hate Plus it fades into the background, playing an important role in the experience without being the whole point.That's not even mentioning the storyline, of course, which is one of the most engaging and unique to appear in a videogame ever. It's extremely reminiscent of Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale, while taking the themes present in that in new, interesting directions. It's both a very good work of literature and a very good work of science fiction, and it's all wrapped up in a very good game. It might seem at times like there's really not much gameplay at all in Hate Plus, but that's because it's integrated directly into the naturalistic choices the game has you make, things that normally don't even seem like decisions. It's unlikely that your experience will be anything like anyone else's when you play, and the way the story unfolds is 100% up to how you let it unfold, and yet you might not ever notice this happening. This is simultaneously better than games that give you really blatantly obvious dialogue trees, where the choices you make are completely explicit, and better than games where the story essentially progresses at random. If you find yourself frustrated playing games like (and this isn't to say either of these games are bad, because they're not) Mass Effect for how much the game beats you over the head with the implications of your choices or Dear Esther because the direction the story takes place in, while unique for each player, isn't one that for the most part can be said to be chosen by the player, then you'll be pleasantly surprised by the middle ground that Hate Plus forges between these two extremes.Hate Plus is careful never to make the mechanical structure behind the game totally apparent, so it's far easier to get lost in the experience. The end result is a game that genuinely makes you feel like you're a part of the world of the game without feeling like it's shouting ""hey! Look at this! You're part of the game!"", and it certainly doesn't hurt that the story it allows you to be a part of is one of the best, most nuanced ones to ever appear in a game. Also, don't fret if you've not played the previous game, Analogue: A Hate Story; while there is a bundle of both of the games that includes the soundtracks, and it's more than worth the cost to get both, there's nothing in Hate Plus that demands that you have played the first game, so if you're unable to get both, don't feel like you're missing out on anything crucial to the experience; while there are obviously plenty of plot points that are continued, they're continued in such a way that you can rest assured that you won't have missed anything that is necessary to fully enjoy Hate Plus. Buy this game. Do it now."
,Recommended,239700,14236251,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Logiak,"""This game made me do two things that go against my beliefs. Using unnessacary energy, and being in photos. Well played developers, Well played. Damn you emotional blackmail!""Well. This game is fairly clever. I'll explain one scene, which is probably the most relevant, to explain the best moment within the game itself. So brace yourself for some spoilers. If you don't want spoilers at all, Skip to the bottom paragraph.So, Theres a scene, where *hyun-ae asks you to make a cake. I am far too lazy for that however. So, since I had to head out the next day, I played a different scene and came back to this one with a freshly bought cake. Why? Because I believe you should try your best to get immersed within games, so I compromised. I bought a cake. So, I went through the dialogue, and then after waiting the minimum amount of time while your supposed to make a cake, I came back and told her I was done. Which, she replies with a few lines, then ""Did you actually go out of your way to Humour me?"" And then three options appeared. ""Yes, I did"" ""No, I didn't"" ""I bought it"". How the hell did this game know I would just go and buy one?!?!? Oh, and I did take a picture of myself, and sent it to the developers, for an achievement, even though I go out of my way to avoid photos. This game made me do two things that go against my beliefs. Using unnessacary energy, and being in photos. Well played developers, Well played. Damn you emotional blackmail!So, I ended up enjoying this game. Although, It's abit forwarding for a visual novel, as they both commit to your very quickly, However I've only finished one ending. I did really enjoy this, however it is a lot of reading. Lots and lots of reading. More than the first. Which the first, for those who don't know, anologue: A hate story. Play that before this one. If you did play that one, and liked it, you may like this one. It's fairly similar in all the good ways. They did remove the console thing though. Which really got me immersed. Also they do kinda break the immersion, then go straight back like they never said anything that would break it. That was weird. Anyway, I did enjoy this, and I plan on finishing it. However I don't believe that the price is just. I'd wait until it's on sale. It's actually what I did. But Its a fairer price than some other visual novel/dating game/Digital book types.8/10 book (A fairly good read, atleast)3/10 game (Not really a game to me)"
,Recommended,239700,10676007,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[SPO-YSP] - Grimyn,"I really liked this VN, and the dramatic turns surprised me quite a few times. To find out what lead to the events in ""Analogue: A hate story"" was really cool, and it was really nice to get a sense of closure about the whole thing. The real-time waiting process really made me flip in a good way, as it was something i'd never experienced before. To actually have to wait for a substantial amount of time in order to be able to continue the game was equally frustrating as much as it was amazing.It gave me time/forced me to process the story and actually reflect on what I'd read and found out so far, and it also did amazing things to increase the immersion, because well, time would pass, I'd do other stuff and then return to what almost felt as ""my actual job"".All in all, really cool game/VN with some really cool mechanics going on and really nice immersion. Strongly recommended alongside ""Analogue""."
,Recommended,239700,22730801,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Dr. Blutengott,I actually made a cake. This is immersive gameplay.
,Recommended,239700,4267108,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Hyperchaotic,One of my favourite games. Great idea with interesting story line.
76561198067177760,Recommended,239700,22729469,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Miyam Rucks,"Literally made me get up and bake a cake for a computer program in a computer program. 10/10, would reccomend."
,Recommended,239700,4775580,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Motoki,"This is the sequel to Analogue: A Hate Story which was a politically charged tale wrapped in the framework of a science fiction visual novel complete with cute Anime companions.You don't need to have played Analogue to play Hate Plus but I would strongly recommend doing so as it gives you context for what happened to the world the AI came from and in particular really goes into depth about the character Hyun-ae.Where the first game was Hyun-ae's story, this game is Mute's story. It's just as politically charged, probably even more so, and deals with the biggest mystery from Analogue, which was how a modern society reverted to conservative Neo-Confucianism ideals. If you're not familiar with Asian culture at all the nearest Western equivalent I can think of would probably be The Handmaid's Tale. This game deals with the events that lead up to that big change.If it sounds serious, it is. And it isn't. It's all told through the personal journals and political council meeting minutes. In particular there several different people whose stories you follow over a series of years and get to see how the subtle and not so subtle changes to their society affect them.There are also some really fun, light hearted moments with the AI companions including one where you are asked to bake a cake. In real life with a real recipe and then further are encouraged to take a picture of your cake with your companion and send it to the developer to get an achievement. It's all real and I have the achievement to prove it. It was a refreshingly fun meta moment to the game and there are a few others as well like a when the AI cheekily break the fourth wall at rare moments.There are three main paths which in turn lead to multiple different endings depending on the choices you made. While the texts you read through are the same, the tone and the events that happen with your AI companion(s) are completely different so it really is worth playing through each of the 3 paths at least once.The game takes place what's supposed to be a small spaceship that you, the space investigator, are on with your AI companion on a 3 day trip back to Earth where you both try to piece together the mystery of the Mugunghwa (the ship that Analogue took place on).Each path is divided into 3 days where on each day you can only extract a certain number of logs before the ships battery is drained and needs to be recharged requiring you to wait 12 hours. So yes the game does ask you to play the game in installments over the course of 3 days. However there is a way out where once you power down and save you can hover your mouse over that save file, hit the 'S' key and then continue. Note if you do this you cannot get one of the achievements though.Another alternative is to play day 1 of one path, then day 1 of the other, then day 1 of the 3rd, then 12 hours+ later do day 2 path 1, day 2 path 2 etc. This is what I ended up doing. I think it works well and gives a nice immediate contrast between the differing paths.One of the changes in Hate Plus is you now get hyper links when people's names are mentioned that gives an image (in realistic art style) of the person with a commentary description from the AI. This made a big difference for me personally as I not only was able to keep track of the names better but also felt like I connected with them more.Another change is that the AI are reading the logs in Hate Plus for the first time along with you and you get their reactions and commentary that really run the gamut. Even when going back through the documents you already read for the other paths you'll want to scroll through all of it to get the AI reactions because they do differ for each path.If you do all the paths the game should take somewhere between 9-12 hours, which may vary depending upon how slow/fast of a reader you are, how much time you spend to stop and bake a cake, etc.Overall I would highly recommend Hate Plus to anyone who enjoyed Analogue, has in interest in visual novels or is just looking for a strongly story oriented game."
,Not Recommended,239700,10393253,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Gibs,"Rather than a sequel to the first game, Hate Plus plays more like DLC.  Extremely short, meh story without the suspense of the first game.  I also had to bake a cake.  I am not good at baking cakes."
,Not Recommended,239700,14412324,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Alice The Lamb,"Possible spoilers in this review. I will try to keep it to low-key spoilers, but be warned regardless.I'm not as impressed with this game as opposed to its predecessor. The original was a tragedy about how a regressed society can put their nail in their own coffin to seal their ultimate demise by being too rigid in their beliefs. The premise behind this game is in a similar vein; it shows how an advanced society based on future technology can regress down to pre-modern times.The story itself is pretty good. The council of the Mugunghwa has a major problem threatening to revolutionize the government aboard the ship. A movement has been gaining steam and will hit a critical mass within a year and what the council needs is a bold plan to make this movement lose steam until it becomes a non-issue. *Mute, the security AI and one of the councillors aboard the ship, has a bold plan in mind. It sounds great in theory, but there's one problem with this:The plan involves putting Councillor Ryu, Councillor of Captaincy, to the Chief Councillor seat.Why is this a bad thing? Because Ryu is the man who, seven years later, will overthrow the government and create the regressed, patriarchal society that would eventually cause the downfall of the ship.This isn't a major spoiler by any means. If you start on *Mute's route, she will make it known immediately that this is the man who became the first Emperor of the new society.  The main story is how this man slowly took over the government over seven long years in order to create the perfect society of his choosing.The other main feature of this game over the predecessor is how much more emphasis it places on society outside of the primary plotline. It shows a famous actress who falls in love with a peasant girl, and eventually loses both her love and her career to the changing society. Another woman who slowly figures out why the shipwide birth rate is steadily decreasing despite everything else in her life doing its best to prevent it. A nobleman who falls in love with another man only to have his heart broken. Society and how it changes over these several years causes huge shifts in these people's lives, and the setting feels very fleshed out and deliberate as a result. This is an excellent way to use non-linear storytelling, and I have to commend Love for how this was done.So why exactly did I give this a non-recommended rating?It's simple. Outside of the logs themselves, the game is a huge step down. The AIs in the original story had very clear reasons for being there and their stories in of themselves were a big part of what made it so deep and enjoyable. The sequel... much less so. *Mute has an interesting storyline since she has no memory of anything that her former self had done in any of these logs, plus all the cultural things that don't fit what she thinks is right (having only experienced the post-government takeover) makes her a much more respectable character than she was in the original. Something happens that throws a wrench in this completely, however, and that ruins the suspence for me.Hyun-Ae... I don't even know what happened. Her personality from the first game is intact and shines through, but that's all there is here. There's nothing that stands out about her that *Mute doesn't already have except for the fact that she takes her relationship with the protagonist investigator very seriously.That by itself isn't negative, but it arises with one of my biggest pet peeves this game hits: forcing people to wait.I personally hate this design choice and I don't feel it was the optimal one here. The primary draw is the story inside the log files, but the story outside of them is still a big part of what made the original game good. Love clearly tries to have the same effect in the sequel, but the forced waiting comes off to me as trying way too hard to force it. The mandatory 12 hour wait between log sessions (of which there are 3; I'm fully aware there is a skip button, but it's very clearly meant to be played without using it) arbitrarily breaks up the story. I'm not entirely sure what kind of emotional buttons its trying to press, which is worrying when annoyance is the primary emotion I was feeling. The other big issue is the very beginning of Day 3 in Hyun-Ae's route, where she forces you to wait several minutes using the subtext of expecting you to bake a cake. It's very clear what Love was going for by having this in the game, but it's extremely awkwardly placed (come on, I started day 3 to finish reading all the logs... I have to WAIT now?) and it feels like a shallow attempt to force Hyun-Ae's route to have some meat to it. It's not conducive to good characterization in my eyes and it ruins the flow of the story more than it already has.I haven't played the harem route yet and I won't until I decide I want to go for the nine day achievement, so I will refrain from commenting on it here.All in all, this is a good sequel if you want just to know the context as to why the Mugunghwa was so far in the past in the original. Otherwise, this isn't worth the money in my eyes."
,Recommended,239700,8565967,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Longboi Dongboi,Another awesome work of Chirstine Love. Just going through one playthrough of this game was fantastic and I can't wait to play it again. Not to mention the game involves cake. Real cake. Why haven't you bought it already?
76561198046469524,Recommended,239700,9404231,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,PaladinGuy,"If you played Analogue: A Hate Story, then this is a must buy. Many questions from the first VN are answered and you get to spend more time with either Hyun-ae, Mute, or both!If you haven't played A:AHS, then you REALLY need to have played that prior to this mainly because there is no story recap and it begins right at the end of the previous game.My only gripe is that the DOS style interface is gone for system commands, but that's just me."
,Recommended,239700,9738890,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Yuiself,"A worthy sequel for those, who enjoyed this game's predecessor, Analogue: A Hate Story and/or admire Christine Love's storytelling in general. Following a while after the events of Analogue, you are tasked into another starship known as the White Princess to uncover the mysteries behind the rise of the New Joseon Dynasty that plagued Mugunghwa for centuries. You will go through all of the message logs left by the former crew and population of Mugunghwa, arraging from business meetings to just normal-day cuddling, working and everyday stuff.This game should be played AFTER completing Analogue: A Hate Story at least ONCE, since you can transfer your Analogue data (providing you've completed the game within that save data) into the game to stay up to date and have a better understanding of the game's lore.Of course, should you choose to start differently as opposed to how you finished Analogue, you can start a new walkthrough with different settings, from choosing between *Hyun-ae or *Mute and adjusting their behaviour towards you.The only flaw (if it should be considered as such) is the time delay between each ""game day"": after consuming the White Princess' emergency power by copying logs and reading them, you will have to wait for 12h of IRL time to advance to the next day, and thus be able to extract more messages. This method breaks the flow and pace of the game, and it really, REALLY sucks, even before the final day.That being mentioned, the game's soundtrack fits really well with the atmosphere, let it be reading a whole dark, novel-sized text log or conversations between you and your AI companion. Plus, if you're an otaku, like me, you will feel yourself even more connected to your partner, should it be either the sympathetic, platonic *Hyun-ae or the wise-cracking, stoic *Mute.Overall, Hate Plus should be recommended to those who have played Analogue: A Hate Story and want to further expand the storyline, who love Christine Love's handiwork of the story or those that just like visual novels."
76561198027388146,Recommended,239700,9380708,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,TheAppetizer,"If you didn't like Analogue: A Hate Story then you aren't going to like Hate Plus.  If you did like Analogue you will almost certainly like Hate Plus.  And if you haven't played Analogue, you really shouldn't play Hate Plus until you do.  The differences between the two with respect to game design are fairly minor but I personally found the story in Hate Plus to be much more riveting, which is no small feat.  Whereas a few story arcs in Analogue fell a bit flat for me, Hate Plus had no such weakness.  I would also say the plot is more intricate, warranting an entire second read just to pick up on details you couldn't have possibly seen before.Fair warning: this is a tragedy.  In fact it is multiple intertwined tragedies.  While there are certainly cute and heartwarming moments, this game hurts, but only because it makes you care."
,Recommended,239700,8835667,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,FieryWitherRose,"Beep, Beep, Feels train incoming"
,Recommended,239700,23376270,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,.:|:Lorena:|:Ray:|:.,"Four words. ""Level Four Revive Materia""That aside, this game is the second game, and should be played after Analogue: A hate story.It's a simple point and click visual novel, with a bit of a twist, the game expects you to wait a significant amount of real life hours before you can complete the game. If you're impatient, you're going to hate this game. (You can change your computer's date and time though, which will work, if you're that desperate.)10/10 - The animator for this game, and character designs are beautifully done. I can't complain, Mute, Hyun-ai (both my waifu's in the past game waaaat.) are wonderfully designed. The actual in game character art is really beautiful too, and I still really like the color switch depending on what AI you're using.My only gripe with this game is up above, and afaik, there is -no- way to get the achievement. The story is really well done too, and I enjoyed playing through the game. Baking cake is however, not good for my thighs so thanks for that, Ms. Love. Lol... And yes, they do blackmail you for real cake. haha.I'd recommend the game, it's well worth the price, and honestly, there's a LOT of content, so if you're patient - give this game, and Analogue: A Hate Story a shot"
,Recommended,239700,7490208,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Wicked Baggins,"If you've played the first one (and I can't imagine why you'd play this one in isolation), you know what to expect. Gentle tragic bedtime stories about love and loss and patriarchy. Like its predecessor, it can be strident and clunky, but I still enjoy the basic ""gameplay"" of reading documents and having an observer comment on them. The ""can only play one segment per day"" works better than it sounds. Sweet dreams. Don't know how I feel about the scolding ""cake"" segment, although I might feel better about it if I felt better about Hyun-ae. Carried over issue from the last game: Mute has a couple more shades of complexity, while Hyun-ae remains a bit too cute and victimy. The game wants you to save her and keep her from crying, which, while justified with her actual(?) age, doesn't really do much to deconstruct Hyun-ae as ""mai waifu."" Liked the documents generally, but felt the conspiracies and counter-conspiracies whiffed a bit by the end. While meant to depict slippery slopeism of eroding rights, the way some things play out make our heroes seem less ""not psychic"" and more ""a touch incompetent,"" which would be helped by a little more detail, I think. Also, bad guys needed that touch more complexity, and, and. Love's games never quite hit for me, but I always have a nice time, and I'm glad they're out there."
76561198055248625,Recommended,239700,7783004,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,prinny fever,"tl;dr: Hate Plus is brilliant, Christine Love is a rising talent, you'll get more out of this game if you play Analogue first.  If you're hesitant, but like scifi, or even just character drama, then you won't be disappointed.It's hard to define the target demographic for this game.  As a visual novel, it doesn't fit the traditional model of ""game"" that applies to most games on steam.  However, Hate Plus is one of the most entertaining and captivating ""experiences"" I've had with gaming in many years, in a similar vein to Gone Home, except profoundly darker.As I see it, Hate Plus can be considered in at least three ways.  On the surface, it's a political thriller masked as a scifi story; in this way, it rather differs from Analogue, which was predominantly family drama as scifi, with politics hinted at in the background.  This shift mirrors the change in focus of the game away from *Hyun-ae, onto *Mute.  After Analogue, I wasn't sure I ever wanted to think about poor *Mute again, but Hate Plus has thoroughly converted me on this front: I don't know how much of *Mute's backstory existed during the writing of Analogue, but it's certainly possible Christine Love has executed a feat of retconning.  Old *Mute is among the most fascinating characters in gaming, and her ultimate demise is fittingly substantive and impactful.  I think politics with the window trappings of scifi has become rather more popular in visual media recently, and Hate Plus certainly continues this trend.  Of course, as this is Old *Mute's story, there is some contemplation of the nature of AI longevity (and culpability, as was mostly ignored, frankly, in Analogue); but for the most part this is a story of politics and the systematic deprivation of rights under the rule of a narcissist.  Which isn't to say the game moralizes, and only in retrospect does it strike me how ambiguous the game can be on this front: pre-retro-Joseon and post- are both deeply flawed societies, but simply in different ways; somehow Love for the most part seems to withhold judgment, or at least give the reader room to make their own decisions.Of course, Hate Plus, as Analogue before it, can be considered a meditation on love, hate, and a surprisingly bleak fatalism: since most of the action takes place in the past, all stories are fated to end in sadness, and hope is ultimately doomed.  I know this sounds bleak, but it does accurately represent my experience with the game.  Nevertheless, the novel is absolutely captivating: it is rare to find more humane and complex portraits of (especially female) characters in video games.  It has been months since I played Hate Plus, and yet characters such as Kim So-Yi and Mae Jin-a have stuck with me: they are so lovingly portrayed that it's difficult to look away from their struggles.  It's a sign of a truly gifted author that this fiction has stuck with me more than most mainstream ""scifi""  in many years.  Love is certainly not ambivalent about the personal humanity of all actors in her story, regardless of their (often disastrous) choices.Speaking of the author, it's worth noting that Hate Plus is the next in the series of ""Christine Love Trolls Steam Users"" games.  In Analogue, she tricked everyone into working with a trimmed-down Linux shell; for Hate Plus, time is her manipulation of choice.  Many reviews have commented on the mixed success of the time restrictions of the game (a save file is linked to the system clock, and won't let you continue the game after a certain number of logs have been read on a given day; and cake).  I shared their opinion for some time, but ultimately I think Love is successful at her undertaking: the forced gaps (barring changing your system time; and cake) actually rather increased my interest in the game, by letting me ruminate on the mysterious disasters that strike the characters in the past.  Ultimately, as with everything in gaming, you will get out what you put into Hate Plus: Love asks you to interact with the game in a way that requires time and effort and movement off the couch, and while many people will manipulate the game to skip these sequences, I highly recommend that you participate as Love intends.  It becomes clear after a proper 9-day playthrough that Love has created a game that is more than simply a visual novel; she has managed to overcome some of the limitations of visual novels and Ren'Py by compelling the reader to actually act out a role in her (or ""our"") story.Finally, it's worth noting: great music, except for the 45 minutes of cake elevator music which made me want to throw my computer out the window.  And the art is FABULOUS; not the anime-style art, which is fine but rather standard, but the sketches of characters.  What a brilliant addition post-Analogue; they add life and depth to what otherwise could be a tedious stream of faceless names.In sum: a great game, which I hope in spite of all odds finds broad success on a platform on which it is a novelty.  I highly recommend."
,Recommended,239700,7907927,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,venom pururut,Harem SImulator 4989
,Recommended,239700,8817815,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,hijarian,"DISCLAIMER: BUY but DON'T PLAY this game if you're going to 100% achievements! This game contains the non-achievable achievement ""Level 4 Revive Materia"".Apart from that, it's just a wonderful ending for Analogue: the Hate Story. If you really into story-driven experience, it's highly recommended to watch."
76561198052337412,Recommended,239700,9146346,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MSJ-06II-C,Everyone that played Analouge: A Hate Story: BUY IT ITS AS GOOD AS THE ORIGINALEveryone else: BUY IT ITS A WONDERFUL VN
76561198048268849,Recommended,239700,11713758,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,makersley,"Amazing game that brilliantly demonstrates the power of interactive storytelling.  This is the future, folks.  One day you'll be sitting in your rocking chair remembering when Christine Love was just a slip of a girl making incredible little games like this, before she started to make the incredible big games that she inevitably will.If you like story games at all, you must play this."
,Recommended,239700,9607547,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,"toby ""zun"" amaya",finally my dreams of a lesbian AI harem are realized
,Recommended,239700,4793330,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Rain,"Something is beautiful yet awful about tragedy. You can see some tragedies happen merely randomly, yet some happen due to lack of aknowledgment. We can seem them and their impending doom, yet we do nothing, we don't react. Instead we are often re-active; cleaning up after a great tradgedy while we promise and swear it will never happen again.Without spoiling the game I'll try to talk about it with only one spoiler here and now: if you want a complete (note the word complete) happy ending, then this game is just not for you. If you enjoy reading; this game is for you. If you enjoy pressing the space bars during cutscenes in games, this probably not for you.This game goes off of the orginal game ""Analogoue a Hate Story"" with Hyun-ae as your guide. She is pretty much the same but after you read some story logs you kind of get the sense that she is a thirsty bit.... I mean a repectable woman with respectable sexual urges. *cough* She wants the D.As always, the ship is in a low-power state which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ annoying in this game.... Because here is how the game was designed. You get about 30% battery each day, after you extract documents it reduces the battery until it reaches 0%. When it reaches 0% you can't play anymore and have to come back in like 12-24 hours (forget how many, but it's long) to extract more documents because the power needs to refill. While it's a cool concept it's pretty damn annoying. Yes, I know you can change the system time, but I really don't want to ♥♥♥♥ with my computers time because knowing me I wont change it back and miss something important.As for the story with this one, it is truly amazing. It is filled with all sorts of different mini stories that seem to have no importance until later on when they all string together. I have to note that this game seems to have taken an erotic twist with the writing. Not sure WHY, but I can't complain or my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥either. Be warned there is a gay couple that you see that makes you want to turn gay. God.. Where did I put my ♥♥♥♥ing corndog.I need to play more to see if there are alternate endings, but I beleive there are (hence the different choices you can respond to when promted a queston by Hyun-ae). The first game had some sweet endings which I really liked....Anyways, I've seen alot of anime fans feature this game in their profiles because its related to anime but they never play it (which is slightly irritating and a waste of $8), to those people I challenge you to play at least 2 hours on the game before you put it down for good. It's a different kind of game from your usual FPS, yes. But try something new and relaxing for once. There are no leaderboards, no timelimits, (more like time-wasters), no co-op, just play the damn thing to enjoy it. The creator put thought into it more so than a typical activision worker and isn't getting half the money."
76561198061391749,Recommended,239700,17816615,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,hanabat,Guilted into baking a cake at 2am by AI girlfriend. Real girlfriend woke up at 4 and is asking why there is a cake...
,Recommended,239700,14120443,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kenshiro,"Story-wise is not as good as Analogue, but it is a sequel and it adresses one important plot hole from the first game. The music is still great."
,Recommended,239700,13048694,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,elsDodo,"So, what is this? This is the sequel/addon toAnalogue: A Hate Story, and, just like a sequel normally does, continues the story from its prequel. After rescuing *Hyun-ae or/and *Mute, you can use your savestate ofAnalogueand start your journey back to earth with all your gathered information and new waifu. But - because you're a handsome space investigator - you do not slack off during your travel home; no, you go further into investigating instead (and bake a cake).InHate Plusyou get to know what happened on the Mugungwha before the year 0; what exactly happened that society got so old-fashioned; the missing piece in the story ofAnalogue. I won't write how exactly the story goes, in order to not spoil it for anyone who hasn't played it yet. But I'm willing to say that the story is awesome and matches perfectly with the story of the prequel. Everything fits, though you have to be prepared that this story offers a quite different atmosphere, since society hasn't regressed yet; it feels a bit more modern. You may also need to be interested in at least a little bit of politics, since you will read a lot about it here; if you're not, this game may not be as easy to read for you - it could (and possibly will) get a bit boring then.The soundtrack is - just as in its prequel - good, absolutely fitting and decent. If you liked the soundtrack ofAnalogue, you will like this one too, and it's totally worth its money. (Though,Analouge's soundtrack was way catchier)I strongly recommend this game to everyone who playedAnalogueand liked *Hyun-ae or *Mute. Though, you have to keep  in mind that this is an addon. It's not really a standalone game, it's an addon. I say this, because sometimes I get the feeling that it's just not as good asAnaloguewas; so if you ever get this feeling too, just remember: it's basically just an addon. So, everything's fine. Besides, there's no point in playingHate Plus, if you didn't playAnalogue. But I feel like I'm starting to ramble here, am I not?So, if you likedAnalogue, get this game in your cart already and continue investigating!"
,Recommended,239700,15310903,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Steam Review: Hate Plus. A Story of Refinement and Betrayal.Genre: Anime Visual Novel.Developed & Published by: Love Conquers All GamesPlatform: Windows, Mac OSX and Linux.Business Model: Base Game.Copy Purchased by MyselfOverall Story ThoughtsThe sequel to A Hate Story is still based on the same concept of the original. You’re an investigator who hacked into the Mugunghwa, a colony ship that lost contact with Earth a long time ago, and you managed to save an AI(s) from the doomed vessel. Like in the previous game, they can talk to you but you can’t talk to them due to an installation error/mcguffin. You do have a few more options in what you can say but they still boil down to: yes/no/maybe. This time around, the AI has more log files from the colony ship that you didn’t get to see in the previous game. These logs have clues into what caused the enactment of the oppressive society and then the eventual events that you read about in the previous title. So, it’s time to find out what happened. This time around, the AI will actively read the logs with you and provide colorful commentary every now and again. This is especially amusing if you rescued both Hyun-ae & Mute from a previous save game. So, read the logs and find out what happened.This game seems easier to follow than the previous one. The game provides a photo (for most) and profile for characters to help you keep track of who’s who. Logs are still setup to be read at your own pace and in the order of your choosing. That said, the game makes sure that they’re relevant regardless of when you read them. There aren’t any notes on pronunciation (which I found to be helpful in the previous game) and the two family trees aren’t listed. Probably because it wasn’t the main focus of this story. Overall, the story is about the same as the previous game in terms of how densely it uses lore, name usage and politics. Which is a bit more than the average story. But this time, you have a more solid grounding of what’s going on with the characters. Even if you’re new to this series, you’ll be brought up to speed quickly enough.Real World Time MechanicThere’s a real world aspect to this game that I haven’t seen before. The store page states that it will take three days in order to finish this game. The in-game reason is that your ship is running on emergency power and has to recharge after every document extraction. So, the game will have you wait 12 real world hours before it lets you continue to the next chapter. You get about 1-2 hours per chapter. I think this will be a love/hate mechanic with a lot of people. I like it because I treat these games as something to wind down to before I go sleep, so, it gives me the right moment to save and shutdown for the night. But on the other hand, you have to wait before you can complete the game and you can’t finish the game in one go. I’m sure if you meddled with your PC’s clock, you could do it one finish. But then, where’s the fun in that? Some will like this, other’s will see it as an unnecessary inconvenience. It’s up to you to decide which way you go.PC SettingsExpected genre settings are here. Text speed, animations on or off and English/Korean language. Audio sliders for music and effects are available as well. Resolutions are still restricted to 1024x640 and 1024x600. I still think those are odd resolution choices but the game scales well so I can’t complain. The UI has gone through some UI changes but keeps much of the same setup the previous game had. However, there’s an odd flickering to the UI that happens once in a while which seems to be intentional. I don’t like it because it’s more distracting than immersive. Additionally, scrolling through logs has an odd, frequent pause while reading it, especially when you have two AIs with you while reading. This seems to be caused by the frequent changes in the facial expressions of the AIs and the game checking to see if it needs to display their comments or not. It’s not a big deal. Game is stable and bug free as far as I can tell.AI CharactersIt continues where you left off, allowing you to load the save from the previous game or start fresh, letting you set which AI you saved and what their attitude is towards you. Hyun-ae & Mute get even more time to develop their character and backstory, though more of the focus is on Mute and what happened to her. I really like that they get to actively participate in the reading of the logs rather than sit in the background and come out every now and again to give their two cents.Final ThoughtsWhile the sequel doesn't get as dark as it’s predecessor, it still paints a disturbing story of culture change and betrayal. The mystery, the futuristic setting and serious dark tone are still well executed. Maintaining it’s sci-fi atmosphere with the music and futuristic UI glues all the pieces together for a great experience in the AVN genre. Hate Plus gets a recommendation from this Paladin.Read my review and more on A Paladin Without A CrusadeA Paladin’s Steam Review: Analogue: A Hate Story"
,Recommended,239700,14153672,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,darkleo,Play it. Hate it. Love it.
,Recommended,239700,9113680,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Butterghost,Bake Waifu Cakeing Simulator 2014.
,Recommended,239700,8349225,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Bill Nye the Nazi Spy,waifu cake baking simulator10/10
,Not Recommended,239700,14121223,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,<-GLD> Admiral Baconcakes,"I like Christine Love. I like her games. This game was okay.But I cannot, in good concience, give a game in which you cannot complete it 100% a positive score.The ""Level Four Revive Materia"" achievement was not clever. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul."
76561198070324621,Recommended,239700,25168605,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Komrade,My only disappointment is that now I wonder why more games don't make me practice my cooking skills.
,Recommended,239700,1800452,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,johnxfire,Excellent follow up to Hate - would recommend to go through the Harlem route last though.
,Not Recommended,239700,13984263,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,rinasae2,"I like Hate Story, I think it was awesome. So I was looking forward to play the sequel. But I met with various bugs in the game. I can't play it. After a while looking around on internet, feels like a waste of buying this sequel.1. I tried the new game, and after answering all questions, all I got is red screen.2. Tried loading saves from previous games, but I can't see save games. I found out I can actually see if I hover the mouse on the empty sides (which supposed to be where the previous ending screen games are. But after I entered Hyun-ae and getting ready to start reading, I see nothing again.I dunno what is wrong, but I have spent hours trying to figure it out I gave up. A game I bought on Steam messing up like this despite being only on Ren'py engine... -sigh- Can I have a refund?"
,Recommended,239700,9152698,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,what the nani the fuck,Character development is not a thing.
,Recommended,239700,15104271,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,／  ／  ／  ／  ／  ／  ／,I went through seven levels of hell and came back unscatched.
,Not Recommended,239700,29481944,Posted: 25 January,all,Jewelfox,Check the achievements.
76561198089511062,Recommended,239700,33555666,Posted: 15 July,all,zen,"I liked this game, although I still prefer the original."
76561197993571926,Recommended,239700,12940837,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Olivia,Good sequel for Analogue. I personally enjoyed this game more than the first one simply because I get to piece together the puzzle without pressure from time.I'd recommend this for people who like of dating sims or text adventures.
76561198153812176,Recommended,239700,30954284,Posted: 4 April,all,WakkaDakkaDoo,"This cake is actually not a lie. The mug one I made was chocolatey, chewy, and delicious."
76561198031754927,Recommended,239700,12458561,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Finlandball,"I love the characters, I love the immersion."
,Not Recommended,239700,18237363,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Ksempac,"Analogue : A Love Story was an interesting game, a visual novel that wasn't just focused on romance with a bunch of NPC. It had an interesting, original setting, and the goal of the game was to solve a mystery, rather than pursue a romance. Romance was there for people who wanted it, but it was definitely optional.Unfortunately, its sequel, Hate Plus, deals with what happened far into the past. Thus, you know the setting, you know how it ends, and it's just a matter of reading about the details. There is not enough to capture the attention, you're stuck reading a bunch of stories which just do not have enough in them to keep your interest alive. Besides the main ""story"", most (all ?) of the other are related to love and relationships, which are fine subject, but I think they each lose their individual interest when all of them shares the same topic. The game actually asks you to pace yourself, forcing you to log off from time to time, but every time i did that, I was losing even more interest (at one point I forgot about the game for a week before logging back in).So you know the ending before you start, and if you're not very interested by the stories, what is left ? The AI from the first game. They are with you, but you already know their personal story. So it now comes down to their reaction to what you're reading and your ""relationship"" with them. That's where the game becomes really creepy. That's where it goes back to the full romance system of most visual novels, the thing that Analogue had cleverly managed to avoid. Either you approve to what they say or ask, or the game makes you feels like a jerk.I'm not sure if there is a middle road somewhere, but it's possible. I just can't be bothered to find out due to all the forced steps and pauses needed to do it. Especially when sometimes, there are conversations where none of the dialog choices are what you would actually want to say.Another creepy part of the game is related specifically to Mute*. The way she react to what happened to the ship, as it was before her times, and thus she had different values. I know she is extremely conservative but having her disparaging every single story gets tiresome. Page after page about romances Mute disapproves of...Once again the clever writing of Analog has become way too black and white, because the context, of having to solve a mystery and getting away from the endangered ship, isn't there any more to balance things out.So while I heartily recommend ""Analogue : A True Story"" to anyone playing games, my advice is to skip Hate Plus. Despite an improved UI, it has lost the good pacing and the balanced approach of the first game, replacing it with creepy AI, a weird fixation on maids and other visual novels tropes."
76561198076823675,Recommended,239700,13837070,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Aryashi,"If you really, REALLY want to know what happend before Analogue and after, buy it. If not, move on with your life."
,Recommended,239700,12676154,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Proboardslol,"Didn't like the Art as much as Analogue, but it's great nonetheless. UI is prettier and soundtrack is better than the first. 5/5"
,Recommended,239700,12613529,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,BesterP12,Well written sequel/prequel to Analogue.  Continues on right after the previous game.  Ties things up and lets you know what lead to things going so badly.
,Recommended,239700,13767578,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ariwch,Great story as well as it was in it's prequels'.
76561198050627633,Not Recommended,239700,15164783,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Carnation,"As a completionist, the point of putting an achievement in-game that is designed to be unachievable and not even written into the games code is frustrating, game was otherwise good but if you stopped playing at its predecessor I would not fault you one bit."
76561198043999933,Recommended,239700,14874272,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Chocolate Loli·pop,"In this game, you can have up to two gay computer wives. One of them hates all over gays even though she's married to a girl who's married to another girl. It's like, geeze, calm down. And then one of your gay computer wives tries to hook up with the other one and gets shot down. Lot's of gay girls dealing with gay girl stuff; Great game!"
76561198078031383,Recommended,239700,9213316,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,KawaiiSeeker,"hate plus lives up, what the first game did. making you feel sad, happy, and of course hate. you learn what happen before year 0 and when you finally understood the events that lead to it, you will hate how it happen. the characters are still cute and sweet but the twist that happens in one of the three routes will shock you. great story.i suggest buying it if your into visual novels.i also suggest buying the soundtrack. the music in hate plus is awesome as the first game. the soundtrack even comes with hate plus main theme song, which is catchy."
,Recommended,239700,10259259,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kit Kat,i wuld giv short-haired Hyun-ae my usb 3.0 inches.huhuhu
,Recommended,239700,18039485,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,BIG MEGA MONSTER DADDY ❤,if you really like reading and having your heart broken this is the game for you
,Recommended,239700,24647331,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,wwwdotshutthehellupdotcom,"The Hate Series is one of the more popular visual novel series, and for damn good reason.  These games are at once thrilling, soothing, hilarious and heartbreaking.  If you enjoy visual novels, there is absolutely no reason to deny yourself the experience of Analogue and Hate Plus, and I definitely recommend playing both of them in the proper sequential order to get the most out of your experience.In Hate Plus, you reprise your role as a ""space investigator"" who is on his/her/their way back to Earth after investigating the fall of the Korean Generation StarshipMugunghwa, with one of the ship's two AI constructs (or, perhaps both?) in tow.  Over the course of the game's three-day setting, you'll read an entirely-new novel through uncovering old data logs, and your old friends *Mute and/or *Hyun-ae will offer their unique perspectives on the story as before; just like with Analogue, multiple playthroughs are encouraged to get the full story from both sides.While Analogue: A Hate Story had more traditional video game elements to it, Hate Plus prefers to focus primarily on the novel and your interactions with the AI characters.  The data logs in Hate Plus are considerably longer, and the game forces you to take breaks throughout gameplay, perhaps since the subject matter becomes relatively intense at times.  The characters of *Mute and *Hyun-ae are filled out quite well in this sequel, and the game is much more immersive than its predecessor.As before, this novel is not for the faint of heart.  There's profanity, sexuality, intrigue, and some incredibly dark undertones regarding the subjugation of women.  Balancing these tropes, however, is a healthy dose of humor and some straight-up, old-fashioned Asian cuteness; Hate Plus is one of very few video games that made me laugh out loud multiple times.If all this sounds like your idea of a good time, then take the leap.  You won't regret it."
,Recommended,239700,7792283,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,isterholm,"Hate. Let me tell you how much I've come to hate you since I began to live...Hate Plus is a game about how much the future sucks and you can't do a damn thing because the neo-confucian dystopia already came and went and you're just sifting through the rubble. You'll learn about a society doomed to degeneration, the hopeless pursuit of status quo, and oh, that everyone dies."
,Recommended,239700,14443063,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"Not as good as the first one, but that would be asking a lot. This is still a damned good story."
,Recommended,239700,5366828,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Zeks,One of the best VNs out there. It's almost like you are reading the actual history instead of some stuff made up for your enjoyment
,Recommended,239700,7327389,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Justice,MASTER PIECE
,Not Recommended,239700,15395099,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Oreolek,"First of all, this is a sequel. You have to walk through Analogue: A Hate Story and continue the save. Or at least play the Hate Story. While the previous game was about.. well, hate and traditional society, this is mostly about sex.The previous game had lots of letters written somewhere after Year 300. Now you've found lots of letters before Year 0. Why did they reset the calendar? Turns out... well, politics. Now you have 3 realtime days to read all these letters.Based on your previous save, you have up to two AIs. Hyun-ae is a girl who's extremely curious about sex. It doesn't help that you'll be reading light LGBT erotica here. She comments every single lewd phrasing. Mute is a girl who is extremely ""conservative"" and shy about sex, so she also comments each time you're reading something lightly romantic. And also turns out she has a rough past, so her route is much more interesting but that comes in play only on Day 3.The VN is good-looking but the look won against the common sense. There are lots of clunky animations. Even with full animation off, you'll have to wait for each menu to fade in. Also you read each text with your AI pals - that's a nice touch, they react to the letters but they also are a big distraction.There is also a gameplay aspect that opposes common sense. You play in real time. After you read the first 9 letters, you actually have to ""power down"" your ship, save and wait 12 realtime hours to continue the game. As a result, you can feel compelled to start two walkthroughs at the same time - that's totally okay but you'll crack open all the mysteries earlier and the game would become just MORE boring.Hate Plus is packed with text and this prose is a lazy one. Every POV character (except two) is gay, bi or asexual. This can be strongly hinted at but mostly you just read it in plain text. The only straight characters write about sex problems and sex offenders. Also every POV character is a tragic one. This comes out the wrong way because the combination of messages ""she suppressed her gay nature"" and ""she lived her miserable life to the end"" tells something I don't think the author wanted to tell here. Also I don't reckon much about the future packed with lesbians.The game is simply boring, especially Hyun-ae route. There is no big decision to make. You just sit for 3 days, read a lot of text, have some talk with your AI pal, you can bake a cake for her and that's that. It's a weak try to give the previous game some closure, nothing else."
,Recommended,239700,13964927,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,I Cookeh I,"Again, Kim Hyun-ae making me feel bad. The creaters of this game did a good job, hoorary!"
,Recommended,239700,14025487,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Dick Knubbler,*Mute best grill ;_;
,Recommended,239700,13959338,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,AReasonWhy,"This game actually made me laugh, be surprised and geniunly happy about one of the most mundane and maybe most irritating things possible: Waiting.No I am not telling you what I am talking about, buy this game and give it a look yourself because its brilliant, just like its predecessor Analouge."
,Recommended,239700,9026625,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Momo,"Oh my god. This game is so amazing. I love the fact that you can still dress up Hyun-ae. This game is really important to me, that and the first game."
76561198034292278,Not Recommended,239700,34211496,Posted: 13 August,all,Leon Hikari,Boring story told without continuity. Still leaves questions open.No real replay value like the first game.The GUI is slow and annnoying to control.
76561198032397651,Recommended,239700,34353591,Posted: 19 August,all,astand,"A decent continuation of Analogue: A Hate Story. If you enjoyed Analogue, you should check this out as well, but otherwise you can safely skip it."
,Recommended,239700,9444581,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,gavweb123,its a good game and all but they over enthisize on real time game-play which is annoying but it does give you a chance to go through the analogue rate story oh fyi any save data of successful completions of analogue will be transferable so that helps what i found was they overkill the (cough) birds and the bees (cough) it was taking thngs a tad bit too far embaressinly still it was an interesting case and the story was romantic so i think (8/10) is a reassonable score personally i liked the game but i would understand if there are those who dont still id dettinately demmand a sequal lol
,Recommended,239700,32034362,Posted: 28 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
,Not Recommended,239700,35289891,Posted: 29 September,all,Cyril,This requires that I learn something about Korean society.F#ck that.
76561198080604772,Recommended,239700,14300810,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,paulthetallguy,"No, my waifu!!!"
,Recommended,239700,12701423,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,andyzweb,Only a recommend for those who enjoyed Analog: A Hate Story.
,Recommended,239700,9072268,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,the great nore mutiny,GOTY for 2013 and also all years before or since
,Recommended,239700,21196786,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,this is misogynistic why should a woman like me have to bake a cake? you're literally telling women to get back in the kitchen ugh. baked the cake anyway. this game made me feel like i was being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because i felt actually sorta stressed to make the cake cause of the guilt trip and stuff... this is kinda like misogynistic men pressuring women into having sex and telling lies. thanks for the virtual♥♥♥♥♥♥ disgusting dev.
,Not Recommended,239700,24714553,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,grinnbearit,The original game asked difficult questions that made me think about the world I was in. This one doesn't.Play the original and forget that Hate Plus exists
,Recommended,239700,29315159,Posted: 17 January,all,ArtemisHunt,"Hate Plus... is arguably a visual novel. It's a visual novel in that you will be reading a story and it's actually a pretty good story. The story is presented through decrypted diary entries which is great as a narrative device. Even though you'll probably read the entries out of order, it's actually somewhat engaging. It actually feels like the diary entries are more fun to read out of order because then we can piece together the visual novel ourselves. The stories are short enough (there's one main story and a couple of sub-stories) that it's actually possible to use this narrative style. This method doesn't scale up well unless you're really good at tying threads together with skill on the order of George R. R. Martin. These stories are only tangentially related, in A Song of Ice and Fire I don't think there's a single unimportant set of details. Yes, even the food scenes.The characters are all fairly interesting with realistic interactions. I like how the character design is really thought out. There's not so much on character development (the game is too short) but that's fine, that's not the point. These diary entries are just about... life. I guess it makes sense considering that the purpose of diaries is to write about life but I don't really know any other way to put it.The biggest flaw in the game is execution. The core of the game's story is *Mute, the character depicted on the title art (seen at the top of this page). The *Mute of the past doesn't quite seem to be the *Mute of the present so you get to dig around figuring out what happened, ultimately uncovering the beginning of the totalitarian regime that died out from the first game.This game has a lot of fluff. That's the be expected since it's a diary game; but the amount of fluff in this game seems exceedingly so. In the prequel it took you make one to three minutes to read each diary entry. This game takes around five minutes an entry and while that may not seem like much, that's an increase of close to 100%. The rule is not ""Longer is better"" but rather ""Be as long as you need to be"". Unfortunately, from my point of view, some of these entries are too long. Don't get me wrong, some of them are legitimately great reads, but they can drag on when you're in ""get to the point"" mode.I think that by far, the worst addition to this game though, is the time restricted setup. Yes, you can change your computer clock to skip it. No, I don't care. Why was a mechanic like that put into the game in the first place? The rule is, you need to wait 12 hours after reading the day's worth of diary entries (usually 12-18 entries). Why was this unnecessary barrier to content added? I paid for the whole game today. I didn't pay for 1/3 of the game today, 1/3 tomorrow, and 1/3 the day after that. This is unreasonable and severely hurt my opinion of the game. There are also several sections of the game where you are literally forced to wait twenty minutes to an hour to proceed. This. Is. Frustrating. Design.I'm actually going to sit on the fence here. It's not a game that you can recommend to anyone. I personally found it to be... acceptable. But you have to remember that I'm a little bit weird. I liked the fluff even if it dragged on a little longer than it should've. I found the way the totalitarian regime began to be interesting. I like the characters. So while the time delay execution style is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I tried to not let it get in my way. So my last word will be a conditional. If you enjoy fluff and reading about things entirely unrelated to the content at hand (even if only briefly) and you want to learn about the rise of a Confucian society, maybe catch this game on sale. If you need the linear path or even a mostly linear path to progress through your games, maybe give this one a pass."
,Not Recommended,239700,15575764,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,тєнc๏ffєєz๏мвιє,"Can't really recommend this? Soundtrack is decent, but it's not really a good as the previous game, and a couple of the achievements are BS. Especially actually meeting 100% of the requirements for one.. but never actually getting the achievement because the Dev wanted to put in a fail FF referance. Needing to literally wait hours in between stages was also stupid."
,Recommended,239700,10061109,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,С Г エ χ,"It's a sequel to Analogue, and the UI is much better and has a handy little profile thing for different characters, but there's no point in skipping the first game just to play this.  Hyun-ae is 2pure, and Mute is well... a little backwards.Let me tell you about hateThere are 387.44 million miles..."
,Recommended,239700,9120306,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Red Son,"I liked the first one better.Not so strong story here, but better interface."
,Recommended,239700,29714291,Posted: 5 February,all,ㅁㄴㅇㄹ,"plz, level 4 materia..........."
,Not Recommended,239700,21270618,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Techbane,"No, I am not going to bake an actual real-life goddamn cake because my oversensitive anime tour guide's feelings are going to be horribly hurt if I don't. What's that? Most of the story is walled past this point? Well ♥♥♥♥ you too!"
,Recommended,239700,9194099,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,1kimon0,"“マウスホイールを転がすだけですぐ話が進み、キャラにも萌えるので、読むのが楽しい。”39 / 40 – 週刊フェミ通ヘイト プラスThis sequel/prequel to the one and only Yuri game available on Steam(1) has some amazing features, including:Shonen-ai: Become one of the fabled warriors of yaoi.Token heterosexual couple: Watch this couple of cute, but ferocious miniature version of Behemoth roar with excitement as you read through logs.Vastly improved overall writing skills(2): Only the bravest of writers are able to tame and ride their past selves. The author shows off her prowess with this exclusive VN.Even more ambitious experimental mechanics: Bake your fearsome Behemoth Chocolate Cake and charge in to battle.Bigger boobs: Because reasons.1) Excluding The Cat Lady, Fortune Summoners, Gone Home, Mirror's Edge, Portal 2, Tomb Raider 2013 and tons of other titles.2) Not implying that she sucked before, like, at all(3).3) This is not sarcasm, okay?"
,Not Recommended,239700,9729568,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Inferno Cup,"Actually has an unachievable achievement. Worth less than dirt. No matter how I live my life I will never 100% the achievements and therefore it is garbage. Add this together with a game about pig disgusting koreans and it's actually probably the worst game ever. Also *hyun-ae is kind of batshit crazy in both games, but I guess that comes with being alone for 1000 years after turning yourself into a computer.0/10 would rather smoke crack"
,Recommended,239700,7491930,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Spanky Pie,A more game-y Analogue. Must-play if you enjoyed A Hate Story.
,Recommended,239700,3301207,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,BearAteMahoney,And so it continues!Hate Plus continues the oh so wonderful story that was left behind at Analogue A Hate Story and it is fantastic continuation. The music is breathtaking very much like Analogue and it's story will have you hit with a list of emotions about the things you read.You dwell into the further past of the security AI* Mute to find out how the 'proud security AI' let such a horrible thing happen to the generation ship Mugunghwa. What happened? Only three days to find out~Give it a try!
,Recommended,239700,3508670,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Timber,"If you played Analogue: A Hate Story and liked it, you'll probably like Hate Plus, as it's largely more of the same, though with greater emphasis on politics (being the story of how the Mugunghwa got to be the way it was), and it's mostly *Mute's story instead of *Hyun-ae's (though she still has plenty to do on her route). If you haven't played Analogue, then I don't know what you're waiting for, go do that. You might still like Hate Plus though, if you're into feminism, political thrillers, and visual novels, since Hate Plus can stand on its own decently. Either way, it's an excellent game and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for something different and thought-provoking, though do be advised that, due to the subject matter, a big slew of trigger warnings apply. If you can stomach it, it's worth a look."
,Recommended,239700,6357097,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Dandy Crocodile,"The sequel to Analogue: A Hate Story, Hate Plus attempts to answer the question everybody in the world has been asking for their entire lives:  ""HOW did the generation ship Mugunghwa degenerate into a restrictive patriarchal society reminiscent of Korea's Joseon Dynasty?""And it delivers.Picking up right where Analogue left off, you play as an investigator  drifting through space with your AI companions, reading through recently uncovered logs written by those living on the Mugunghwa during its early days. As the story unravels motivations that originally were assumed to be pure evil are are revealed to be almost anything but.With Christine Love's typical wit and about double the length of the original, it's well worth a purchase if you have finished the original.Now I've got to go bake a real-life cake for *Hyun-ae because that's an actual achievement and I am a weak, weak man."
,Recommended,239700,9621060,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Fürst Sheogorath,What can i say this is just perfect (sorry i am from germany So I'm sorry if there are clerical)The Stroy is great and fascinating the Charakters are perfekt too this is just a perfekt game :D i want a Sequel
76561198040834239,Recommended,239700,9189149,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Captan3cd,First playthrough was enjoyable. Story was engaging and the nonlinear storytelling was an interesting feature.
76561198018683914,Recommended,239700,3187669,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Carmichael Micaalus,"Hate Plus is a direct continuation of Analogue:  A Hate Story, both in story and feeling of the game.  I was a bit worried that the wait between days would be a little... gimmicky, for lack of better word, but it honestly works, as trying to power through this much powerful but depressing storytelling would most likely be extraordinarily difficult to do.While it's not as if it takes a great deal to impress me, I found the writing and characters to be well done, along with their interactions with either you or each other.  There's a great deal of both comedy and tragedy put into this game; I found it to be a good experience to play through.If you enjoyed Analogue, you'll want to pick this game up.  If you've never played Analogue, I'd really recommend to start with that, as it will really help you enjoy this one.  Overall, it's a good game and excellent continuation of the last."
,Recommended,239700,9484582,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Jerem,Gosh dang that was fun. Will be going through the achievments through '014
,Recommended,239700,9253493,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"A good game that continues from it's predecessor. Loved that the saves were carried, on the fact that we had logs. Wait I kind of disliked was the wait time, the whole matter of mute not being able to change, and currently questioning how to get that four materia one. Either way this game promises a nice addition if you have played analogue. In this game you are put to a different interactive sense which applies to a notable level both nice and annoying. Scrolling through logs and logs seeing feedback can be quick interesting but I warn you skip too fast on scrolling you might miss a great reaction from either one of the AIs. I was satisfied as I played through the routes, read up in interest, and the fact that you learn a bit more. However what I do wish there will be maybe another installment like this. If not continued works from the creators who amde this as it was worth taking the time to play and take part in. However I know a lot are stressing over the achievement hording. What I just hope is that we get the chance to have more clothes for the character. Either way my rating of the game would be a 7.5-9. In general it reached my expectations and past some in dialogue but left out. On average it would be an 8.8-8.9. In it's own right, it attracted me to play it more than once and save like crazy. I know you can roll back for route but that's limited. Either way, great game, good story, and hope for more."
,Recommended,239700,9356073,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Ochoa,"Here is a good example of a truely good post-modern video game. If you don't know what post modern is, an example of a post-modern video game, or want more of Anologue: a Hate Story, than you should play this game. Come to think of it, everyone should play this game."
,Recommended,239700,9372793,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,LeithalWeapon,"You thought it was all over. You thought you knew it all. How silly could you be?I played Analogue and fell completely in love with Hyun-ae. To this day, her story haunts me as one of the most striking, poignant works of fiction I've ever read. Yet at the end of Analogue, I felt like I was missing something ... Mute. I knew she had her own ending (as a completionist I achieved all three), but her character had always seemed so... new, and childish, and born of her society as opposed to being older than it.If you felt the same way, then Plus is the answer to all your questions, and more. How on earth (sorry, how on Mugungwe) could a society degenerate from the one Hyun-ae fell asleep in to the one the Pale Bride woke up in. How quickly did it happen? Didn't Mute notice it?While you can choose to have either, or both, of the most darling AIs ever watching over you as you read (depending on your save files, or choice pre-game), the historical documents in Plus are to Mute what Analogue was to the Pale Bride. Curiosity about her life as ship's AI will finally be sated - and since we know how the story ends, you can guess that Mute's has a couple of rough moments. Emotional and full of feeling, Plus tells us everything we did, and didn't, want to know, along with a few day-in-the-life stories of some cute couples that'll show you how events effected far more than just Mute and the Pale Bride. Come for the cuties, stay for the feels.And any time you're lonely, boot up the program and have cake with your new waifu, Hyun-ae. :D"
,Recommended,239700,9301382,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,kiseruyoru,"Honestly, I didn't like it as much as the first, the story was basically what I expected it to be and . . . yeah.That said, still a great ride. Just because something could have been more, or better, or both, does not mean it isn't good. Worth the money, and 'forcing' you to pace it out over, I think only 3 days to get all achievements, but 12 if you do one in-game day at a time, and fon't start your next run immediately after finishing one (or doing more than one at a time). Whatever, point is, it encourages you (strongly) to pace it out in pretty much ideal chunks.TLDR;Buy the first game, then this one too if you like visual novels."
,Recommended,239700,1270825,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,VisibleDucts,"(Note: Hate Plus is a game that encourages at least three playthroughs, due to three separate starting conditions that will determine dialogue throughout the game. I have only played through once as of now.)I enjoyed Hate Plus. This isn't really a surprise as I love Digital: A Love Story and Analogue: A Hate Story. -- Hate Plus is a direct sequel to Analogue: A Hate Story and it's HIGHLY HIGHLY recommended that if this game interests you, that you play Analogue first. To highlight the connection - the game does have an option to start a fresh new game, and it will ask you some questions to determine how the game starts. OR,  you can simply load one of your Analogue cleared game save files (as in, the save file created when you beat the game) and depending on the ending of that save game, it will ""start"" (continue your Analogue game) with the information from your Analogue game.So, Hate Plus is not too different from Analogue as far as game play. You're still researching the Mugh...spelling...the history of the ship via reading log files and interacting with either/boith of the AI from the ship, as you read through the logs. It is a visual novel, so reading reading reading! If you dislike reading, then don't bother. If you dislike themes of sexuality, don't bother - they're more highlighted in this than they are in Analogue. ""Hate"" being in the title - and hopefully having played Analogue - you'll continue to read logs dealing with mature themes that can be rather dark. The overall story may not (or may??) be dark and unhappy, but the history of the ship and the lives you read about are filled with tragedy. But not without a reason. Christine (I've incorrectly wrote her name as Christina in the past  >.>) Love is not simply writing dark ficttion or - at times - semi-erotic fiction just because. It all ties into larger issues and themes that deal with real world issues and problems. Whether it's sexism, classism, homo or transphobia, socio-political and cultural issues, and the list goes on. It's a rather serious examination of quite a lot of things, so don't let it being a visual novel trick you into thinking it's fluff, or that the more sexual/erotiic parts are simply to add sex to the story.Hate Plus adds one gameplay feature that is both interesting and frustsrating - depending on how you decide to handle it and .. how much per sitting you want to play it in the first playthrough. There is a game mechanic added that ties into something in the story that forces you to ""shut down"" the computer of your ship after reading so many logs (has to do with the power supply of your ship.) At that point, you will see a screen with a 12 hour, real time, countdown and you will be unable to play that save file until 12 hours have passed. This is neat to me in that I find the concept rather intersting - you're on a 3 day journey and you can only read so many logs a day due to your ships power supply. Both you (the character) and the AI are anxious to read more but cannot. So this concept not only makes the game more ""real time"" but it also creates - for the person enjoying the game - that same feeling of ""I want more now!"" ---- the downside,  of course, is .. wanting more now. There is two ways to deal with this if you're impatient. One of them is a built in mechanic that will yell at you for using on your first playthrough. The other is ...  simply change your computers time 12 hours into the future.Anyway, Hate Plus is yet another great video game and visual novel created by the talented Christine Love and I look forward to more of her visual novels - as they continually challenge my personal idea of what a visual novel is and can be and what a video game is and can be."
,Recommended,239700,9226943,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,ish,see Analogue review
,Recommended,239700,9346098,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Zhaxtbrecht,"Analogue : A Hate Story and its sequel Hate Plus are both excellent. If you like to read good stories, this one is complex and far from being manichean.The whole scenario is really good and your choices (and how you define yourself as the main character) will have some serious consequences.If you prefer action packed games and/or do not like dramatic or tragic stories, go your way..."
76561198005783396,Recommended,239700,9203963,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Joefish,"Do you enjoy reading interactive fiction based on a Totalitarian Neo-Confucian Dystopia? This is the game for you! If you haven't played it, go check out Analogue: A Hate Story first, since this is a sequel. Do not expect high-octane action/adventure happy fun explosions. Hate Plus (and its prequel) tells a very messed up story of deeply corrupt politics, marriage as a necessity, and the backlash of greed on a society divided between nobility and peasentry. Also you get to bake a cake IRL for your virtual AI waifu!"
,Recommended,239700,7771132,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Psycosis,pcool
,Recommended,239700,5290812,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Horus,Dohohohohohohohohoho
,Recommended,239700,9132744,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sgt RJ45,"I cannot recommend this game highly enough, The game is a continuation of ""Analogue: a hate story"" so you should play that first, but:If you have ever played a visual novel (sometimes called ""eroge"") for the sake of the story, then, Yes, play this series.If you like the idea of a game mixing with your real life and require you to take a photo for the sake of an achievement, yes, play this series.If you like the idea of digging though a ship's log in order to find the truth and having two AI's interact and feed you more information, then play itIf you like Tsundere characters... PLAY IT, PLAY IT NOW."
76561198014084259,Recommended,239700,9133857,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Syrus Squishy,"I love this game. Ironically enough. If I had my way, I'd love to see more of this series or even just a couple of spin-offs featuring *Mute and *Hyun-ae. The overall story in this game in the series isn't quite as horrific as Analogue but it certainly has it's moments. I'm normally not one for political intrigue but this story is laden with it and kept me guessing right up to the end. Even when I knew what had happened, I only knew why it had happened just before the credits rolled. The soundtrack is fantastic as well, especially 'It's not ero!'. I could listen to it over and over again (And have been thanks to the soundtrack being available as DLC. >.>). This game is as dark as it is beautiful and all I can do is marvel at how spectacular the story is."
,Recommended,239700,3212536,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,*Toto,This game is an amazing sequel to an equally amazing game. I can't recommend this game enough.
,Recommended,239700,446388,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,eltee,"Direct sequel to Analog, a hate story (which itself is a pseudo-sequel to Digital, a love story, free game you can get herehttp://scoutshonour.com/digital/). Its similar gameplay, featuring the same AI's from its predecessor.IOn your way back to earth after previously determinng what caused the ship to end up abandoned, drifting, now you have the chance to determine *why* all of that fell apart, poring over more logs. Largely the same format of the previous game, but somewhat more streamlined, still going to be a smooth relaxed reading experience, pretty much the exact oposite of Doom3.(9/10)"
,Recommended,239700,7370830,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Zakyox,"Logs are longer in this sequel. I still love the AIs and appreciate the photgraphs of people on this one. I really like quite a bit of Love's Visual Novels especially this series. Plus, how many games make you bake/microwave a cake? (which I burnt in the microwave.... xD) Only thing that really bothers me is waiting 12 hours for the next day. >_<''''"
76561198032159368,Recommended,239700,7778668,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Belisaurius,"An emotional rollercoaster you share with a very relatable NPC. Interesting concept, forcing the player to wait a real time day to continue but it gets annoying when finishing other story paths. The biggest issue is the scrolling. The system is unresponsive at times which feels like getting caught on a doorknob. Lots of storyline variety with capacity to load Analog: A Hate Story's saved games."
,Recommended,239700,122667,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Yanka,"If you played Analogue and enjoyed it, there is no need to explain why you should get Hate Plus - the ultimate answers of what happened on the Mugunghwa spaceship are to be discovered here, especially about *Mute's past. And don't forget to get ready for some cakes or other things with your waifus. Soundtrack is as excellent as the one of Analogue."
,Recommended,239700,17182377,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Jolyne Kujo,More time to spend with my waifu-san!
,Recommended,239700,3611034,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,roser,a game of intense waifu action
,Recommended,239700,18066349,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,cj iwakura,"Don't even think of playing this without playing Analogue: A Hate Story.Go on, I'll wait.Finished? Now, enter... the garden... of madness!Wait, wrong game. Hate Plus isn't quite as excellent as Analogue, but it still spins  a gripping tale.The biggest improvement is variety. A lot more characters and NPCs are in play, so there's more stories to shift focus between and lots more drama to follow.This is also kind of the downside. Analogue was pretty much the story of the Pale Bride. Hate Plus is Mute's story, but it's also the story of everyone that gets pulled into the spiral with her. It's great as backstory, and the story is still as engrossing as ever, but Analogue had a more compelling hook, I think.This is more like a doomed outcome from the start, while Analogue keeps you guessing all the way.These are just minor gripes, though. It's still a very enjoyable VN, and(I can't stress this last bit enough), the realistic character art is PHENOMENAL."
76561198080482500,Recommended,239700,17528235,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,weird0strangeone,"This game is amazing. Hate Plus and Analogue: a Hate Story are enticing, interesting and so well written the characters you only read about (not even the two you interact with throughout the story) come alive! I replayed both in order to finish the various possible endings and I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of visual novels, storytelling, and character development.These are complex, fascinating stories written in a true-to-human voice.4.5/5"
,Recommended,239700,17510643,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,CaptainQuinn,"Decent sequal to Analogue: A Hate Story, not as good as the original but still solid. 7/10"
,Recommended,239700,16964373,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,markyftw,I cried. I always cry at endings.
,Recommended,239700,16894310,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,juunishi master,"Spent 9 days to complete the game just because I want to unlock the achievement. LOL.I said I bought the cake. And, nope, I didn't. I'm glad *Hyun-ae didn't find out about my lies or I'd be terrified by how come she knew about it all.My favorite moment is during the beginning of the harem route, where *Hyun-ae explained about cannot installing dictionary and her texbox get bigger because of the text and *Mute just shouted: ""GEEZE, WATCH YOUR TEXTBOX SIZE, OKAY? THAT'S MY FACE YOU'RE COVERING.""In the third gameplay (fortunately I've finished the harem route in Analogue before started Hate Plus), I kinda get bored with the log files because I already know that the log files will be the same as the first and second play and not like in Analogue that I need to present a log file to get more log files, the log files in Hate Plus are available without further interaction needed. I miss the gameplay that need player to present a certain log files to get their comment or to reveal more log files.The user interface ... I think it's so cramped when compared to Analogue. And when scrolling on the log, sometimes I felt my mouse wheel stuck (my guess: it's because the mechanic to change the AI's expression and show up their comment when player reach relevant text on the log files). I think something like, ""Oh, okay. So my starship, the White Princess, is sooooooo smaaaalllll compared to the 100 decks Mugunghwa. That explains the user interface.""If you have played Analogue, I do recommend you to play Hate Plus. Find out what happen before year 0.*begin playing It's Not Ero! from the Hate Plus OST"
,Recommended,239700,17855645,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,HnTi.-^v^@uni,Great follow up for Analogue and I love the soundtrack.*Hyun-ae is my *Hyun-bae
,Recommended,239700,7773294,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,micpp,"It's the sequel to Analogue, so you probably want to play that first. So you can import your save and stuff.So yeah if you liked Analogue (OF COURSE YOU DID it is brilliant) this is a fantastic followup. I haven't actually finished all the endings yet but I should point out that this game made me bake a cake in real life."
76561198035895954,Recommended,239700,4354516,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Scarecrow.exe,"See my recommendation for it's first installment ""Analogue: A Hate Story"" and play it first of you opt to! Continuity is important here!!""Okay, I can't NOT recommend this VN anymore. (Visual Novel) Note the term is Visual Novel, meaning the focus is intensely on the story and not gameplay. If you enjoy a good mature read, and/or anime girls in cosplay... (xD) Then you'll easily love this VN. The writing is fantastic, Christine Love is a brlliant writer of Tragedy. Yup, this is a Tragedy as defined by drama. It's rare to find a gameworld that draws me in and engrosses me as much as ""Analogue: A Hate Story"" and it's sequal ""Hate Plus"" encouraging multiple playthroughs to simply uncover the whole of each story within. Lots of pebbles and a few rocks are thrown at the forth wall without shattering it, it's as much funny tongue in cheek as it is serious ""Trigger.""WARNING: As said. Trigger. Massive trigger. If you have ""had a tramatizing experience with"" or ""deeply rooted values against"" the following; homosexuality,♥♥♥♥♥♥ depression, suicide, and overall prejudiced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, then read and enjoy this with a close friend. This game/series can be a massive trigger if it blindsides you with it's content. The subject matter is as mature as it gets and still handles it with tact and feels.HIghly recommended (For Mature audiences)"""
76561198000871464,Recommended,239700,7339893,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,SgtKang,"You really have to play the first game (Analogue: A Hate Story) to enjoy this. But if you have (and I strongly recommend you do), this is superb."
,Recommended,239700,16724876,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,tessaroonie,i started crying when i finished it im in hell10/10
,Recommended,239700,16769967,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,[SR]thelsdj,This is a really great Visual Novel. Deep exploration of characters and great sci-fi setting.
76561198025239184,Recommended,239700,16810924,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,jchelios,"Christine Love's ability to elicit weird, weird emotions continues inAnalogue's sequel,Hate Plus.  I'll just say this: pay attention to how you feel about *Mute's character development, both before and after you complete the ""Deep Space Therapist"" achievement.Anyway, if you playedAnalogue: A Hate Story, then you'll play this as well, because it's even better.WhereAnaloguefocused on the micro-,H+focuses on the macro-.  For the former, the focus was on understanding the contours of a deep-space neo-Confucian dystopia — the day-to-day existence.  For this game, the emphasis is on HOW all that came about, on the many factors that led to that society — factors conspiratorial, political,radiological, cultural, educational, artistic, macroeconomic, public policy, and yet still oh-so-thoroughly personal.10(to as many significant figures as you please) out of 10."
76561197995793249,Recommended,239700,1644801,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,戦姫絶唱 ZJ,"It's great if you played its predecessor, which I'd recommend, but only for fans of the VN genre. Don't expect too much gameplay, it's more about storytelling and world building. And cute AI girls, actually."
,Recommended,239700,16395452,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TheGloriousWhale,"If you enjoyed the first one, you'll enjoy this as well."
,Recommended,239700,9828294,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Parapraxium,._.WHY IS IT ALWAYS BLOCK 2......10/10 for eyepatch *Mute and lesbians
,Recommended,239700,7685663,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,colorlessness,"I would endorse Analogue: A Hate Story first if I could, since that's really the start of the story and this is a sequel.  But Steam won't let me endorse games that are shared via Family Sharing.   Anyway, both that game and this are a nice mix of Visual Novel / ""dating sim"" mechanics, some metatextual stuff, and a feminist dystopian scif-fi story.  You know, like The Handmaid's Tale, but in space!  Kind of.  This game is more than worth it if you enjoy/can stand Visual Novels as a thing, but you should play Analogue first."
,Recommended,239700,7949915,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,emmavoid,"Love does it again! This latest game is simply amazing- Play Digital: A Love Story, Analogue: A Hate Story, and Hate Plus ASAP!"
,Recommended,239700,602132,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Platinawolf,"Another lovely game from Christine Love, this part explaining how the events of Analogue came to be in the first place."
,Recommended,239700,11788771,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,[OCN] dranas,"This continues where the first one left off. I found the story even more captivating that the first. Once you start, you don't want to stop, you NEED to know what happens next. I recommend this to everyone who likes good stories."
,Recommended,239700,11792978,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,I AM THE LAW,"Truly a work of art.  Recommend to anyone interested in this genre of game, despite the author calling me a jerkface >.< (thank you for enabling me to skip your obligatory wait to continue playing the game ""mechanic"" because I would have been upset about not being able to continue with your enthralling story)Its because of games like this that make me optimistic about the state of the video games industry.  Great story based content!"
,Recommended,239700,9208708,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Heterophobic,A sequel to Analogue: A Hate Story with added hate! Comes with adorable harem possibities!
,Recommended,239700,11528765,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,NickPenrhyn,"8/10. I liked the continued great character development method that is modus operandi for this series, the setting is intriguing and I got to learn a bit about topics I wouldn't have otherwise been likely to look into. Not a bad job of writing political thriller!"
,Recommended,239700,11107413,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Exeggutor of the Will,"Read logs over three realtime days with your waifu. The writing is absolutely top notch but sadly we don't get to see things from some character's perspectives. Being able to click on names to remember who they are is a very cool feature. One of the main issues is that the most intresting revelations are made at the end of Day 2. The final day does reveal some important stuff but it means the game goes out with a whimper rather than a bang.If you really liked the first game, I'd recommend this. Otherwise, you could get a pretty close experience by sticking on the mass effect OST with dual monitors, a wiki plot summery on one screen and a cute anime wallpaper on the other."
76561198025079799,Recommended,239700,10559674,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,dodostad,"I can't recommend this game enough! As a sequel of Hate story, it slowly reveals the forces behind the fall of the society and makes it so that you'll feel empathy and anger towards the cast of characters. Very emotional experience, would destroy my feelings again +A"
,Recommended,239700,10490280,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,therationalpi,"It's very easy to accidentally play Hate Plus in a way that will rob you of your enjoyment. If you have not played Analogue yet, stop reading this review right now and go play that game instead. Without the background of that story, Hate Plus has very little to offer you. If you have played through Analogue already, and earned the super-secret harem ending, I implore you to NOT choose the Harem route for your first play through of Hate Plus! Instead, play through *Mute and *Hyun-Ae's stories first. In many ways the Harem route is the most interesting (because you can see the interplay of the two heroines), but tackling that route first is like eating your dessert before your dinner...you'll lose your apetite to go back and miss out on the real meat of the story as a result.Recommended route order: *Mute, *Hyun-ae, harem.With that public service message out of the way, on to my real review. Hate Plus is a surprising follow-up to Analogue: A Hate Story. There's a lot to dislike about this follow-up. For as little gameplay as the original had, Hate Plus has even less. You won't find any command line puzzles to work through, and unlocking and reading logs doesn't feel nearly as interactive or satisfying. Instead of having a dialogue with your AI companion, you merely select the article you want to read from a list, and dig through the records at your leisure. As a result, the experience is less curated and directed, and doesn't have the same air of mystery that the original game seemed to embody.Despite that, there's still a lot to recommend this game. Hate Plus answers all the questions that the first Visual Novel raised, and adds in the very interesting character of ""Old *Mute"" who plays a prominent role in the history of the Mugunghwa. And while the flow of the game isn't as tightly curated as a traditional Christine Love game, the story is incredibly fascinating when approached appropriately. (Pro-tip, Try your best to read the logs chronologically.) Moreover, the interactions with the AI really shine, and are really what make the game worthwhile. *Hyun-Ae will make you question the nature of fictional characters and artificial love, while *Mute will open her own can of worms.Ultimately, if you liked Analogue and find yourself thirsting for more info about the Mugunghwa's slide into Neo-Confucianism, Hate Plus will certainly scratch that itch."
76561198052716543,Recommended,239700,10931335,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,vootins,So good!
,Recommended,239700,4235177,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Ace de Ignis,"After Analogue: A Hate Story, this game for me was an instant buy. Analogue was such an unexpected, heart wrenching and yet enjoyable visual novel. I expected the same of Hate Plus and wasn't disappointed."
,Recommended,239700,11281371,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Comrade St. Nikolai,"Following up on Analogue: A Hate Story, Hate Plus is a game about reading the records of a dead spaceship society alongside your female AI companion(s) in order to piece together just what screwed it all up. In Analogue, we learned about why the entire population of the ship died following a stint as a weird emperor-and-male-superiority-centric culture (I am told that this is reminiscent of Korea's Joseon Dynasty; as I don't know Korean history, I will take the Internet's word on this). In Hate Plus, we seek to dig deeper into the ship's history and find out what caused this cultural regression in the first place.Hate Plus was initially conceived as a DLC for Analogue, but quickly grew too large to be contained in an add-on. Thus, Hate Plus became its own game, though still very much connected to the original. If you have a save from a completed game of Analogue, you can continue from it in Hate Plus, with the same AI(s) you ended with, viewing you in the same light that you left them viewing you in. If you haven't played Analogue, or didn't keep an ending save, never fear! Hate Plus will ask you a series of questions to get you going so you can pretend like you've been here, all along.Which gets us to the gameplay. Just like Analogue, 95% of the game is spent reading document after document after document. But where Analogue had a cool command line puzzle bit towards the end, Hate Plus is pretty much just reading. When you're not reading documents, you'll be reading what your AI pal has to say, and occasionally picking responses from a dialogue wheel.Effort has been made to make the AIs seem more natural, this time around. When you hover over a choice, their facial expression changes as they anticipate which answer you'll give. And instead of clicking a button to hear their thoughts after each document, they're ever-present through the full read. This is... kind of good, kind of bad.When the AI has something interesting to say, it's nice to see it pop up on the side. Although it does carry the problem that they react to what's just scrolled onto the bottom of the screen, while I prefer to keep the text I'm reading at the top of the screen. Plus I did accidentally scroll too far and cause the AI's observations to permanently disappear on a couple occasions. But the big problem I have with it is that the AIs just often have nothing important to say. This is especially true of *Hyun-ae, whose observations seem to consist mainly of ""oh""s, sentences that trail off before the important bit, and telling me how cute different relationships are.In the first game, *Hyun-ae was a major player in the historical plot. She had a lot to say and was sad and hopeful and fascinating and informative. *Mute, on the other hand, had a strong connection to the society and culture that we were reading about, and offered an equally-fascinating antithesis to *Hyun-ae coupled with insight into how everybody who wasn't *Hyun-ae thought and acted at the time. In this game, *Mute is the major player in the plot, more or less, while *Hyun-ae is just kind of... there.*Hyun-ae's purpose (beyond pointing at things that swear and screeching, proper Invasion of the Body Snatchers style) is to play the waifu, but if anything she makes me realize what a mistake that right-guy-in-the-right-place relationship built over the course of the first game probably was. Despite managing to convince me to bake an IRL cake for a video game character, *Hyun-ae bores me. In Analogue, she was in a position of weakness, and the player was given the opportunity to play the heroic shoulder to cry on. You were given the chance to make a connection and bond with this character. But now it's a year and a half later, and the connection needs to be reestablished, and in my opinion, it's not. Though, I can't help but feel like Christine Love maybe wrote it that way on purpose, to instill all of that doubt about the basis of the AI-player waifu relationship experienced above.And, I mean, if so, I admit I have to respect that.Now, *Mute, on the other hand, has a much better showing during the frame story. During the course of Hate Plus, you'll read about what *Mute could be, and what she's capable of. You develop an appreciation for her personality, and she becomes a much more endearing character, despite her current misogynistic ideals. For Hate Plus, I definitely recommend taking the ride with *Mute.Actually, no, that's a lie, I just lied to your face. I regret nothing.If I have to make a recommendation about which AI to read old documents with, I'm going to recommendboth. Since you could get a special ending in Analogue by beating the odds and finishing the game with both AIs, it's possible to play through Hate Plus with both. And I honestly feel like this is the playthrough that Hate Plus was built for. It's the best of both worlds. It improves on both characters' frame stories. Dull comments are largely replaced by conversations between the two. All of the interesting twists and turns from *Mute's path are available, with the bonus that you can still read Block 3 (which is never unlocked when going through with *Mute only) AS WELL AS Block 13 (which is never unlocked when going through with *Hyun-ae only). It also fixes the problem presented by *Hyun-ae being a boring waifu, as *Mute and *Hyun-ae's interactions are about as adorably tsundere as it gets. And as an added bonus, you're presented with a few fun segments reminiscent of Deus Ex: Human Revolution's social battles that are essentially the game's only puzzles.So that's the frame story, but what about the meat of the game? What about the documents that you'll be spending most of your time reading?Well, they range from cute to interesting to pret-ty dang boring. I'd say on the whole, the story presented in Hate Plus's documents does not reach nearly the same ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; level of intrigue that Analogue pulled off so well. It does answer the question of what happened to cause the Mugunghwa's people to regress to a far outdated way of thinking, but I feel that the answer just isn't as astounding as I was hoping.There are some twists and turns, relationships of all sorts, and political intrigue. One block is entirely comprised of logged conversations between important political figures that the AIs find boring. On the other hand, I think it's one of the more interesting bits to read, though that may just be because the format is easier to plow through.The logs you'll be reading are definitely longer than in Analogue. The more boring ones can be a bit of a trudge. Block 3 is generally the last one unlocked in any route with *Hyun-ae. As such, it should be the final end-all be-all wow factor ending, but it's honestly the most boring block in the game, to me. On the other hand, *Mute gets Block 13 from the beginning. This block covers the early days of the re-Joseoned age, and I find it to be one of the more interesting blocks available.The game does focus on some things for a bit too long. I'm no stranger to writing far too much (I mean, wow, are you actually still reading this review?), but sometimes the documents just go and go and go. Most of Blocks 1 and 2 are dedicated to young people falling in and out of love, and I'd go so far as to say that, while the actual personalities of the people differ, the main relationships of Block 1 and Block 2 are similar enough to be a little redundant (though still cute to read about).Please don't let any of that dissuade you, though. Hate Plus may not be quite up to Analogue's standards, but the tales presented are certainly worth reading. Just, you know, they'remoreworth reading if you're reading them alongside *Mute. And they're themostworth reading if you're reading them alongside both *Mute and *Hyun-ae at once.i baked a cake for a video game what am i doing with my life"
76561198125906204,Recommended,239700,11281459,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Lyria,"Hate Plus is better than the first game: Analogue a Hate Story. If you played Analogue then you can use those save files and just continue from where you left off, no need to start a new game and go through all the questions about yourself. The way you play Hate Plus is very different than the way you played Analogue. It's still the basic pick a log to read and solve mystery of what happened on the ship, but this time you don't need to click a button to get their reaction. In Hate Plus they react as they read the log with you, and there is no puzzle like the nuclear reaction core. It's literally just read and click when they want your attention. I missed the puzzle from the first game even though I hated it at first. The best thing about this game is watching your waifu react to the stories and what you say to her. My personal favorite route was the harem route for many reasons that I won't get into because of spoilers. Most f the logs are really interesting to read and you realize how hate really did ruin everything. While this game was a great novel to read the worst was after you downloaded so many log files you had to stop playing for 12 hours. While this was somewhat important to the game, it was very annoying having to wait because it was just such a great story! That and I wanted to be with my waifu. If you're into achievments, you're gonna hate that you can get all but one. It's impossible to get one of the achievements and it gets me so mad! Other than that it was a great novel 10/10"
,Recommended,239700,9710723,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,CousinVinny,Awesome music throughout the game and especially at the end. Play the game the prequel. Must like reading to enjoy this game.
76561198041990037,Recommended,239700,10824650,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,HeroMystic,"Forewarning: Do not play Hate Plus if you have not played Analouge: Hate Story. You won't understand a thing.While I am recommending this, I am recommending it with a hint of caution. The story, much like the first, is well-written and decent. However, Hate Story is the superior version in my eyes, and while I prefer to judge a game on it's own merits, it's impossible to do so for Hate Plus since it boldly and transparently rides on Hate Story's plot and method to it's madness.To get the negatives out of the way, this game focuses on shedding some light on *Mute's backstory, Pre-Year 0. And this is essentially the biggest negative on the game. One out of the three possible playthrough is rendered unfulfilling due to the lack of *Mute being available. Meaning *Hyun-ae and the player are spending three days just reading backstory to kill time (and making cake). This is unlike Hate Story where both *Hyun-ae and *Mute were focused on and had relevance to the story at hand. Granted, *Hyun-ae had the stronger focus, but up until the reactor meltdown happened, you had the ability to learn a lot about *Mute.That leads to my next negative: The lack of interactivity with the GUI in this game. Honestly, my favorite part of Hate Story was stopping that reactor meltdown, trying to read and understand the numbers and trying to switch batteries while trying to not accidentally mispell or shut off communications. Hate Plus doesn't have any of that at all, and I found that to be quite disappointing.The ability to show logs to your AI has also been taken out, and instead allows your AI(s) read alongside with you, and they openly react to what you're reading and keep track of any key figures. I actually like this part, however scrolling was a bit of a pain because the GUI wasn't very smooth. Beyond that, I largely prefer flipping pages because I am a fast reader.And take this as more of a personal negative rather than an objective one, but I feel *Hyun-ae and *Mute's personalities were simplified in this game. They both felt more flat this time, and it may be because they've become saturated in my mind. However I feel it's worth noting because I do believe there is a noticable lack of wholeness. I'll refrain from going into detail about it though.Lastly, the most controversial part of this game has to be the time barriers that were meant to increase immersion for the player. It... doesn't work for me. Sorry, I know others agree with it, but I don't enjoy it. There is a reason why other games refrain from doing this, and it's because it doesn't work. If the game locks you out from continuing on, chances are your players will be turned off and they will just stop playing the game completely. Furthermore, it doesn't even matter. Changing the clock on your computer bypasses the 12 hour lockout, so there's no point to it in the first place. I believe making a cake for *Hyun-ae is an ingenius idea, but that is because you are interacting with the game. Locking a player out is the complete opposite of that, and I find it to be a horrible idea.With negatives out of the way, I can move on to the positives, which isn't much in quantity but very strong in quality. First, the story is very impactful. I am an incredibly tolerant and open-minded person (Which is why even though I prefer *Mute's straightforwardness, I can't get behind her closed mind), so things hardly phase me. But even I had a frown reading through Hate Plus' log entries about *Mute. Again, I feel Hate Story is the superior version, but I enjoyed the plot very much, and I believe since you can bypass the lockout, it makes up for all the other issues in the game.Another thing I enjoyed was the Harem route. I feel the banter made the story much more colorful, and the minor fourth-wall breaks were hillarious. I wish the author decided to make this route canon, but I understand the unlikeliness of this happen due to what you have to do in Hate Story (in fact according to *Mute it's outright impossible).Overall I feel the plot is good enough to warrant a buy, especially at it's incredibly cheap price. It's a steal, even."
,Recommended,239700,23995933,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BellPrincess,OH MY GOD the emotional rollercoaster that this game sends you on. PLAY THE FIRST GAME FIRST!! I was not prepared for the lesson that this taught me. That last achievement will forever haunt me.....
,Recommended,239700,24306450,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,HudsonWolf,"""Do you have [cake ingredients]?"">Uh probably not any pure cacao better just say no""That wasn't enough time to look, go and actually literally check. Just in case."">Actually have all the ingredients>But wait she has to be talking about my character, right?>My character's alone on a tiny ship, definitely wouldn't have cake ingredients>Yeah just think about it as my character, that'll be fine, that's reasonable""Did you, the player, actually make a cake?"">I GUESS I'M MAKING A CAKE NOWCulinary sidequests aside, Hate Plus is an outstanding game that fulfills what was hinted at in Analogue - so much so that it makes Analogue, a very good game in its own right, feel almost like a mere prologue. You get the chance to delve deeply into the political machinations that led to the year-0 reset and peculiar dynastic state of the Mugunghwa, and even if political machinations and conspiracies and election fraud and rebellion aren't your cup of tea, there's some great character development on each route, and the dialogue in all areas is top-notch.One slight issue worth noting is that, much as with Analogue, it's very possible, if you choose the proper entries, to figure out the core of what happened within the first two days and be left skimming some fairly extraneous entries on the third. A few entries seem rather out of place for the intended purpose of explaining what happened, but hey, considering there's an impossible achievement that MIGHT have something to do with a secret message (okay, it's PROBABLY actually impossible), the benefit of the doubt is probably justifiable.Regardless, it's a great game. Play Analogue, play this, and don't forget to stock up on baking supplies."
,Recommended,239700,3759920,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,HardZero,An execllent and thought provoking game. Very interesting even without playing the last game.
76561197968657460,Recommended,239700,7870257,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Guernsey,Loved this book/game/thing.http://youtu.be/CjyIRes_LCc
,Recommended,239700,8001291,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,creid8,"It's a historical-science-fiction visual novel, and there's really nothing quite like it."
,Recommended,239700,554103,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,cache (said wrong),there's an achi for baking a real cake for your anime ai wife in a videogame (double virtual anime wife)game owns as hell
76561198030762242,Recommended,239700,4016814,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,FirestormMk3,"This is a follow-up to Analogue: A Hate Story, which I also fully reccoment.  See what happened before the year 0 that created the society that so harshly treated Hyun-ae.  Be aware, the game has a built-in 12 hour timewall that is annoying.  It can be bypassed by resetting your system clock, but you shouldn't hve to.  It's to mirror an in-universe time constraint,, but it may be a turn-off for some that after 30min to an hour of playing you'll have to wait 12 hours to continue.  the game is set to take place over three real-time days."
,Recommended,239700,7899000,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Krinkle,This game lets you get nagged into baking an IRL cake. Also the game is just reading and someone reads over your shoulder and commentates. But I made a few cakes from the recipe it's pretty okay. It is currently the only achivevement in my achievement showcase worth showing off.
,Recommended,239700,7816528,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,MangAnimE [H ★ S],Expands on the original story (Analogue: A Hate Story). Can import saves from Analogue so I recommend you complete that first. Slightly annoying in that there is one achievement that can't be awarded (lot of conjecture about why on the forums).
,Recommended,239700,10643487,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tsumugi,Holy cow Analogue beaten then this game is a laugh and a half! Such fun with the slight serious tones and the bickering between my AIs makes me squee.
,Recommended,239700,10849576,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,raffertyvaan,"this game is lots of fun, if you like graphic novels, or ""choose your adventure"" books. really deep story and tons of content, the real time wait makes the suspense build even more, great sequel to analogue a hate story"
,Recommended,239700,22230169,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,kristafirwalkin,"I can tell that this is one of those games that you just absolutely love and dream about away from game (one achievement is to bake a real-life cake), or a game that you don't understand why anyone likes.I don't really fall into either category.I like narrative based games--and this is, after all, a digital novel--but the narrative simply doesn't capture me. The mode of narration, the concept, and the executaion are all excellent. I appreciate the clear differences in voice and interesting action occuring in the various logs the player reads with the AI. It is also a original way to present a narrative--at once one the player is part of through the interactions with the AI and the log interface, while remaining completely isolated from the narrative being read. I see why it's a game frequently talked about.In the end, PLAY IT because it's an interesting premise--even if you don't play much of it.DON'T PLAY IT if you won't like to read a digital novel"
,Recommended,239700,27598883,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Izi,"Hate Plus was bought on a whim during a sale.  It is truly a fabulous game.  More visual/interactive novel, it encapsulates a story involving both futuristic AI and ancient Korean culture.  It weaves them together very well.  If you dislike reading it may become tedious, as it has more reading than the average VN, however I assure you it is well worth the effort!"
,Recommended,239700,27591493,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Snek,"A really good and diferent ""Visual"" Novel, while it is not for everyone. It focuses on computer/human interaction. It centers on transhumanism, traditional marriage and society problems on the extreme. While it is not a long read, its themes are a little heavy, so a mature and open mind and tissues are recomended."
,Recommended,239700,27623059,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,chrismear,"Clever sci-fi world-building and social commentary, presented through innovative storytelling and gameplay techniques. It won't be everyone's cup of tea, but I encourage you to give it a chance, and if you enjoyed the prequel then this is a must-play sequel."
,Recommended,239700,24750331,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,silverfox0786,"I didnt like the UI layout on this one, adn found the sdcrolling to cause me to loose the plot a little. it would often cause me to mix up who is speak or whome has written it. it would havae been nice to have some artwork and exding art like the first one. i have to admit i did end up liking mute after all this. i wont go into any spoilers on this but its a play once then uninstall type of game."
,Recommended,239700,6430701,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,noisycat,"An incredible Visual Novel, Hate + is a direct sequel/prequel to Analogue: A Hate Story. If you have not played the previous game, you won't really know what is going on or who the characters are.If you have played A:AHS, then you've probably already bought this or have it on your wishlist.If you haven't played Analogue, I highly recommend it if you enjoy darker themed visual novels at all. It is amazingly written and deals with a lot of different issues. Hate+ builds upon those ideas and the worldbuilding is really amazing and the characters have very distinct personalities."
76561198063205732,Recommended,239700,25935427,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,0-0-Bram,"Hate Plus is more of the same following Analogue: A Hate Story. For me, that is great. I very much enjoy reading about the hardships of colonists aboard the Mugungwa, and really appreciate the blend of serious, playful, hateful, and sexy. Be prepared to read, because visual novels aren't exactly for illiterate ♥♥♥♥♥, you disgusting illiterate♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,239700,4645604,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,MelficeOne,"A very wonderful read. But be sure to read Analogue first to know the Background.the unique mechanic of being limited to a certain amount of files you can read a day, forcing you to stop, usually when it gets especially Juicy, makes it teasing and makes you come back for more"
,Recommended,239700,71566,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,GFoppy フォッピー,"A far better game compared to the first. New profile list and hyperlinks make it easier to understand the story and characters. If you want to learn more about yourself and humanity, play Hate Plus."
76561198026357688,Recommended,239700,20409455,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DroneCabbage,"TL;DR: Like its predecessor ""Analogue: A Hate Story"" but with a better UI and more to look at.This is a visual novel/narrative experience game, set in a sci-fi setting with a lot of mystery, romance and politics. It picks up after the original ""Analogue: A Hate Story"" via some quick multiple-choice about the way you ended the previous game - however you don't need to have played the previous game to appreciate it, in fact that would probably work better from the mystery angle. There are two possible companions, *Mute who is extremely traditional and *Hyun-Ae who is more flexible and open; both serve just to comment on the text that you read and very occasionally ask questions for a bit of branching narrative. Most of the gameplay is picking which email to read next and then reading through it so that you can work out what actually happened in the central catastrophe which is the main subject of the game.The game limits how many emails you can ""extract"" at once, and once you've reached a certain number it'll declare the day over (this kind of makes sense in-game), encouraging you to literally wait until the next day until playing further. It's conspicuously designed to be immersive, and the wait is an element of that. Each ""day"" takes probably about 1 to 1.5 hours to run through, so it has an extremely casual pace, and the game takes place across three ""days"".The content includes convoluted politics, a surprising amount of homosexuality, and some mildly explicit content. The secondary characters - the authors of the emails - are pretty interesting, and the pictures make them fairly easy to remember.You might reasonably assume that there are romance plots with the companion characters; that's true but they are optional and not very extensive.So, it's a somewhat immersive mystery experience. Good if you like mysteries, not so good if you like a lot of interactivity."
,Recommended,239700,20594959,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"If you played Analogue:  A Hate Story, you owe it to yourself to buy and play this one too.  If you haven't played the first one, go and play that first because this is a direct sequel in every sense of the term.  It's shorter than the first game but features multiple routes and some intriguing gameplay choices.  Also, unless you are a monster and have no feelings, please be prepared to bake a cake while playing."
,Recommended,239700,28833054,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Redwing,"Hate plus is the sequal to one of the greatest VNS I've had the honor to read. Hate plus continues where you left off with Analogue: A Hate Story. All of the characters are wonderfully written, even the ones you only read about. The art style is great, and the story on a whole is an A+. There's not much else I can say without spoiling the game(and I badly want to here lol) If you love VNs and story rich games, buy it now... be sure to pick up Analogue and read that one first though!Story:10/10Art:8/10Characters: 10/10Soundtrack: 9/10Overall:10/10"
76561198076212556,Recommended,239700,27688569,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,I am Ebola. The Love Transformed,A robot made me waste 40 minutes baking a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cake.
76561198010990363,Recommended,239700,29261773,Posted: 14 January,all,Zeroremorse,"Very pleasant game overall, played it immediately after the first Hate game. This game seems to have a lot of haters online but I seriously saw it as a great Visual Novel overall. The first game really set the story and characters up well and I did have a really good connection with them afterwards. Overall this game had great pacing with the having to wait a certain amount of time for files to unlock and with the even greater and more prominent role of the AI. Of all the endings I enjoyed the Deus Ex Machina twist from the first game that brought both AI with you to this second game. Aside from the great art and great writing I really enjoyed the music, never got boring and was always pleasureable to have playing in the background as I was finishing projects for class.I recommend this title and its previous installment to everyone, especially since they always seem to be on sale."
,Recommended,239700,29402220,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"A solid sequel to Analogue: A Hate Story, this game fills in some of the missing history from the previous game with the same style of interactive storytelling as before. If you liked the characters and story from A Hate Story, you will enjoy this game as well."
,Recommended,239700,29502025,Posted: 26 January,all,「悪を知る物」,"It is not for nothing that I consider *Mute one of my favorite characters of all time (*Hyun-ae is good, but not as much as *Mute). If the previous game focused on *Hyun-ae, this one, however, tells us a lot more about *Mute. And oh boy did I want to cry on this.I may be considered too emotional - and serious - about this, but the events in this sequel are just too good for me. Be it the soundtrack that really focuses on *Mute's emotions and feelings, or the logs of the Mugunghwa that describes, again, events that are just revolting ... Maybe all of this, it just makes *Mute real.She's an AI, just a program - literally -, and yet she sounds almost real, as if she was a human in flesh and blood. She's given substance, and can be relatable.That's why she's awesome, and this VN as well. Some people may think that both of the Visual Novels aren't worth their while, since the price may be too high or the game too short. But it's quality over quantity : and even if it's short, not really developed and mostly relies on logs to read, in the end, it's what you learn from it that is worth the while.And I learned a lot from it, that ... I can't hate it, in the slightest. Yeah."
76561198099979583,Recommended,239700,29856904,Posted: 11 February,all,Solly,"If you like noir, you will like this game."
76561198214457920,Recommended,239700,21052553,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MIIOTH,"Compared to_Analouge: A Hate Story+Interface(not UI)(improved digital mood)+Graphic visual(*Hyun-ae, *Mutes, Background Colors)+BGM(makes delicate tension)-Gay Les contents-Bonus content(logs, commentary, cliparts)-Language(Korean translation)-Achievement(*MUTE!!!)...and yet this NOVEL is great 7/10"
,Recommended,239700,30857409,Posted: 31 March,all,Hayley,A pretty great VN that is alchemized into a perfect VN with the addition of the L4RM mod. *Mute is best girl.
,Recommended,239700,35227816,Posted: 26 September,all,Finn The Inhuman,"This game is so good, it coerced me into baking a cake for it. Now thanks to it I know mug cakes you can make in your microwave are a thing.It also has a beautiful and deep sci-fi story and some very fine waifus *AHEM*.Anyway.The one thing you need to know is, you absolutely need to play ""Analogue: A Hate Story"" before this, as it's a sequel and it won't make a lick of sense without that. Which is no big deal since that game's amazing too. They're really just two parts of the same thing - think Kill Bill Vol.1 and 2 (appropriately, this one too involves a Bride and mass murder)."
