user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198077987627,Not Recommended,239840,14924292,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Jonathan Taylor Thomas,"[Updating my review as of 2016/10/20 as it's getting attention again]After following the development of this game years before it's actual release, I have to say this is probably the most disappointing zombie game I have ever genuinely followed. And I don't just mean that from a ""it's not what I expected because I bought into the hype like an idiot"" point of view - this game is filled to the brim with content ""spread too thin"" and is incredibly lacking in depth of any kind.~~~Yes, I know this first topic should be the least important part to a reader who just cares about the game, but this is pretty much a required read to get the full gist of why I'm annoyed. This goes far beyond simple issues with how the development went, actual issues with the game pretty much go hand in hand with this.Why The Release Was Lazy:It's one thing to have a great idea, concept and writer.It's another thing to not actually deliver a good game to go with any of that. It is also another thing to wittingly cut your development roadmap short with what you once called ""placeholders"" now becoming the final product.I wanted this game to turn out as amazing as the portrait painted for it. I really did. I hyped this game to a lot of people. The developers recieved plenty of constructive feedback, and for the most part, seemed hopeful in fixing these issues as they promised to eventually do over time. I played and re-played the game throughout it's early access on steam. I gave it a positive review, talking about everything I loved about it.It was something that had so much potential, and so much of that was wasted in possibly the laziest release of all time.I thought it was a mistake when I looked at the store page and saw that it was out of early access, but apparently, it wasn't.You see, the game was nowhere near the true ""final release"" stage when they started saying it was going to leave early access. Neither the much-needed polish or balance/bug fixes had happened at that point. There was a long laundry list of stuff that was yet to be changed or added. However we just ate up every statement that more was to come with some kind of huge update they were going to put out with the full game.As expected, we all held our breath. Then the game released. The ""massive update"" was really just some UI features and terribly minor bug fixes. So much stuff was still very, very wrong with the game.Pathfinding, which has been a ""rough draft"" and improperly done since long before theofficial releaseis still a complete disaster, and it doesn't take too many hours of the game to see how poorly the movement system runs in practice.There are noteable spelling and grammar mistakes in the UI and dialogue that are still there to this date, and almost all of them were reported over a year ago.Notice how the NPCs at home base are just kind of there and don't actually seem to be doing anything rather than walking around their token job area? Animations for working, emotion and social interaction were in the works - but apparently dropped just to rush the release.If that wasn't bad enough, certain developers and staff couldn't take the criticism and decided to flag a few negative reviews they felt weren't ""honest"" enough and then threw fits on social media for the backlash. But that's none of my business.The Lost Ending:They removed an ending [Spoiler: The Cure] entirely on the grounds of ""It would have been too much work to get it going,"" despite having the characters involved extremely hype the idea to you as an achievable goal already in the game. And then they never bothered to redo the NPCs involved in the ending quest, so even today a player can accidentally dedicate way too much to this super-disappointing questline for no actual reward.While we are at it - they also took 'balance' as a reason to write it off, which doesn't make sense since it was originally an ending, and tried to back that one up with ""well what if it wasn't an ending"". You and I both know that an ending was your original intention. That objective was widely regarded as an ending well before it was scrapped. So using ""it was never intended to be an ending"" as an excuse was extremely sleazy. I wouldn't have bothered including this as part of the review had you just fessed up to not wanting to dedicate time to it (or had a change in heart for the story lore).And what did the game do to off it in final? Replaced some text. Threw in an apology from one of the NPCs for getting hopes up. I have several science buffs (including the immunologist) and medical professionals who showed interest in the subject of a cure, and we were basically told that a paragraph of text somehow made up for one of the most anti-climatic story checkpoints in gaming history, all because the developers didn't want to do the work to get it working properly (or add in a scene where the cure fails and all hope is lost) for that matter.I digress, it's not my game and the developers don't owe me anything for playing it, but it just shows how you gave up on making it great as everybody involved once desired.As A ""Finished"" Game:The game still looks unpolished. It still plays and feels like an unfinished game. The animations lack depth. Enemies with over-used models. The vast majority of NPCs you interact with don't even have names, and are stuck with ""Looter"" and ""Survivor"" as if the devs planned on going in there later and changing them.When you see early screens of the game, you see people sitting in stools in the lab, tinkering with machines, while a character flings her arms up in the air while raging about somebody being a problem. You see characters moving their arms as they talk, showing emotion. You see life. You see a game where you can show what's happening to a friend and they will understand what is going on in the scene without you explaining it.That's not the game now at all. Everything is lifeless. Sloppy idle animations which never made it past said adjective. Everything relating to emotion and conditions was reduced to text and labels. Even in the very minor ""live-action"" parts of the turn based game, it still feels like it's turn-based because everything is still attatched to their simplistic animations and use of the tile system.Pros, Cons, And More Cons:I'm going to summarize this to boot.Obvious pros and cons:+Good writing.+Good story.+Awesome, in-depth characters.-turn-based gameplay is clunky-Lack of polish-Broken story events that don't recognize a previous descision when it should-Lack of attention to various characters (Jodie Hopkins as an example)-Extremely empty list of events in the time before the endgameBorderline points:=Long storyline (but didn't have the intensity to match the hours)=Mediocre amount of weapons and content to use outside of characters=questlines can have a lot of detail and options, but on the flipside, some don'tThere is such a heaviness to your home group characters ingame - every quest, everything you build and do is built off of your cast of characters. There are no ""filler generics"", every survivor in your camp is unique and written individually, and all contribute something different. Which makes me hate that less than half of them have more than 3 or 4 ""story events"" involving them, because the ones that are actually fleshed out can contribute so much to the story while others add so little.This game is the poster child for products that spread themselves too thin. I understand that exit-stage early access titles are almost never as good as they made them hyped at the start of development, but this is well beyond ""just scrapped ideas"". While I found the characters and choices entertaining, literally everything else felt extremely under-developed and nowhere near completion.That's my blunt review for now."
76561198007698766,Recommended,239840,18735872,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Talon,"A pleasant way to spend a few hours.Pros:+The Base-building Aspect is a lot of fun.  The delicate mix and interplay of facilities, resource management, and character skills including your own definitely play a big impact on your crew's morale and survival prospects.  Those who get bit (infected) during the game as a result of combat with zombies have to be managed with daily antibiotics.  Each infected cause a potent little morale hit on a daily basis (fear those infected will turn keeps your survivors up at night).Wounded characters heal in user built infirmaries.  Recovery in HP can be slow, fatigue is implemented if you have your characters scavange the wasteland of Texas for too long without granting them rest, and the additional game modes with the most recent ""Reanimated"" update even make it possible for your own character to get infected.+The Reanimated patch adds a few of the more interesting game settings to the original base game that ramp up the zombie threat to 11 without making it impossible and human enemies are much more aggressive and damaging if you elect to ramp up to Hardcore game mode.  The Ironman mode I wouldn't recommend given the occasional save game related bugs in the game but if you save often there's no problem with anything else.+The large map and variety of buildings is almost varied enough in their experiences to wipe away some of the larger pacing problems.+Some characters that can join your fledgeling community of survivors are extremely interesting characters in their own right so there's enough variety in the mix of personalities on display in this game to intrigue the imagination.  Its a pity that the NPC banter and dialogue for each of these characters (~30 altogether) couldn't be fleshed out a bit more than it is but its good enough assuming you are patient enough for their scripted events to come to you.+The Crises events in the game add a lot of tension to the game and the amount of democratic support you have leading up to these events as well as the consequences of your decisions to resolve the crises are well thought out.  Its a pity there weren't more Criseses to help with the pacing problems that occur in the mid-game.+Pick your favorite picture of any flesh-toned animated flavor and your enjoyment and immersion into the atmosphere of the game will automatically increase by leaps and bounds.  The portraits that come with the game I found - disturbingly - androgenuous especially for the men.  The game lets you import custom portraits...use that.  The rest of the NPC characters portraits are perfectly fine though so don't let that deter you.  Its only the PC that looks...questionable, shall we say?+The game allows you a broad choice of presets background and skillsets and lets you choose your own by assigning points how you will.+The other factions in the game will definitely reach out and make their presence felt. Some will be hostile, some neutral, and some will be friendly.  A few will change their status depending on your words and actions.Cons-Graphics and animations are good enough for an indie game of this type but there's nothing you would call clean or flashy.  I don't mind this one very much just thought I would toss it in to cover my bases.-Ambient Music track is super repetitive and the one combat song gets real irritating real fast. Play some of your own music in the background and crank the music volume in the game down very low unless you really love the unimaginative midi drum-beat ambient deathrattle.  My zombie kill-count went up immesurably and I had a lot more fun when I turned to my own combat mix.  Yours will too, trust me.-No voice acting-A pity the infected mechanic doesn't have a stronger thematic element than merely a morale and daily biotic hit beyond the fixed three day incubation period of Zombie turning.-The dialogue after the introduction that you initiate in your community shelter is weak and repetitive outside of scripted events.  This is one area that may be the most disappointing from a narrative standpoint.  Each character gives you something to worry about and do and they will get into conflicts with each other in somewhat realistic fashion.  They will even group themselves into factions under sub-leaders you come across which is also nice but the lack of depth in the dialogue still makes me find this game to be a flawed gem cut too early in the development cycle to reach its prime potential.  The indie budget shows most severly in this area but the early game has the most content and in all honesty I found the early part of the game in the first month to be the best most fleshed out part of the game by far...-The factions also suffer from a lack of fleshed out developement. They are interesting and do interact some but there is a gap between what is realized and the potential that might have been realized with more time and money. More diplomacy and more varied interactions and scripted events would definitely have helped the pacing problems in the mid-game.-Pacing problems. The greatest content is at the start when you are busy trying to set everything up and get recruits and resources to deal with opening crises and character conflicts but this dries up in the mid-game pretty fast leaving you scavaging and fighting the remaining areas on the map until the scripted end-game sequence leading to the finale and one of the game's true endings.  That's all there is to say, I'm afraid.SummaryIf my hour count is any indication (I bought this game when it first came to steam early access), then I have certainly gotten my money's worth a few times over from this game.  It took a very long time for my interest in the game to wane and it certainly improved technically and qualitatively from a gameplay standpoint from its most recent reanimated patch.  Nearly all of the game related bugs are long gone by now and the game itself is a lot more tense and exciting with the hardcore and PC infected options enabled from said patch.My only real disappointments with the game largely result from the fact that they simply did not have more than a matchbox budget to start with from their modest kickstarter and that has certainly plagued this game's development for a very long time.  That said, I remain quite fond of this indie game company and its devs for the hours of tense enjoyment they have given me since this game's release to Steam for early access and what they accomplished with such a small low-budget.  The indie team are, IMHO, very passionate about their work and considerately attentive in regards to their community.For all its flaws and rough edges, this game is amazing in its concept, focus, and scope.  Nearly every other game on zombies boils down to a button mashing action kill fest but this game takes a more cerebral approach to its gameplay mechanics where the focus is on survival not just of your one avatar or a few NPCs but an entire community of folks whose problems go far beyond the basic humdrum of scavanging and NPC questing.  The game doesn't deprive you of either or from simply going toe to toe again the zombie hordes and the diverse medley of surviving human factions.Bottom Line: This is an amazing little game for such a small indie team.  Excellent Concept, decent implementation, a good mix of features that are especially rare for a genre plagued by first person shooter fare.  You'll also find far more meaningful choices than can be found in any Telltale Game.Its rare for a game of this type to hold my interest for as many hours as I've logged into it over the years; so yes, I would definitely recommend this game in its most recent incarnation without reservation to any fan looking for a more cerebral Zombie Survival RPG game that casts you as the Headman of a small community of quarralsome survivors struggling to survive the Horrors of the Apocalypse together."
76561198002589138,Recommended,239840,14104715,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,rogue5108,"I've never written a review before, but I always read them before I buy a game.  I'm writing this review in hopes that people won't overlook this great game because the some negative reviews have scared them off.  If you love the idea of the zombie apocalypse, resource managment & turn based tactical games (like JA 2, X-Com, Xenonauts, etc) you will love this game if you can get by the bugs (which are the source of most of the negative reviews).What I like about the game:After the zombie apocalypse surviving would be a day to day grind.  Dead State perfectly replicates this.  You struggle to keep up food supplies, fuel for the generator, and morale for a group of people with realistic differences who have been thrown together in this shelter to survive.  The members of the shelter all have their own goals and agendas, they fight amongst themselves, and some challenge your leadership at every turn.  To keep them happy you can bribe, threaten, negotiate with them.  When crisises occur you have to walk a fine line to keep most of the people happy, never being able to make everyone happy.  Outside of the shelter you have to deal with zombies, looters, psychos, outlaw bikers, racist militias and everyone else who would go insane if law & order was gone.  Combat is not only a struggle to win, but to do so using the minimum force needed to win.  Ammo is always short for the good guns, and gunfire attracts hordes of zombies.  Hordes of zombies are bad, M'kay.What's wrong with the game:The game has bugs.  I'm not talking about crashes, but about storyline/dialog bugs.  These are a little annoying, but certainly didn't ruin the game for me.  There are a few technical glitch type bugs, but with some help from the forums on the company's webpage, I was able to work past all of them.  The developers are actively working them out.  Honestly, I think the full release should have been delayed another month or so.  If they had, the reviews would have been far more positive.  But, the X-mas season drives release dates.  The developers are running a business, so I can't blame them for it.All things considered I LOVE this game!  I haven't been this addicted to a game in years.  If you can look past the bugs, you will love this game."
,Not Recommended,239840,13460639,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,alpha_dore,"While I enjoyed the concept, style, and story of Dead State, I cannot fully recommend it. This is due almost entirely to the punishing morale system of your shelter. Even allys with ""good"" or ""okay"" moods give you a negative moral penalty. You have to constantly scour the country side in search of ""special"" morale linked items for individuals in your shelter. And even when you're constantly showering your allies with said items, a ""good"" negative moral penalty is the best you're gonna get. God help you if the generator runs out of gas, an ally dies(for any reason), or you mishandle a crisis event. Any of the following will lead to a morale death spiral. Inevitibly, the more allys you gain, the more daily negative moral penaltys you recieve and it ends with Davis gunning you down and a game over screen(worst case scenario). I enjoyed the gameplay despite the last-gen graphics, but the morale system killed the game for me. 5.5/10."
,Not Recommended,239840,13543410,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Traveller,"It's with a heavy heart that I find this game a bit lacking, only four hours in and not much into the plot.  I love the concept, I really do--but it's taking a long time to get into the meat of it, and the interface, while not bad, is sorely missing that last coat of wax.  Having to rotate the camera to reach containers, not being able to see into buildings that I haven't entered even when I should have LOS, fumbling around to click the right tiles...and NPCs that seem to promise tremendous interactivity at the beginning, but don't follow it up outside of cutscenes.I'll come back to it later, I'm sure, but I don't feel terribly excited.  More than anything else, Dead State feels *dated* even though it's brand new.  It nailed Fallout 1 a little more than it should have...I'm okay with the mechanics, but that's not the interface that modern games should emulate.  Long, slow-paced games NEED some amazing polish on their interface so that they're a joy to play even when nothing is going on, and Dead State just doesn't have that polish.  I'm sure there's a great game lurking further underneath, but it seems like a pain to get there.Shame.  This was the game I looked forward to more than anything else on my wish list."
76561198003261458,Recommended,239840,32638196,Posted: 22 June,all,Small Gay Bunny,"A charming game that was clearly made with love and attention to detail, Dead State is far from perfect but still a classic among the now bloated ""post-apocalyptic survival"" genre.Firstly, the cons:- Minor stability issues that shouldn't interfere much with game play, but are worth noting. The game has occasionally crashed on start up or during gameplay. The trick for me has always just been to boot it again once or twice. An intelligent autosave system and freely available quicksaving means the gameplay crashes rarely lose much. Might be more of a nuisance in Iron Man mode, I can't say- Game balance is slightly odd. Combat is fine, but some of the basebuilding aspects are peculiar. I had to divert my character's build significantly to build a science lab, because I hadn't found a single NPC capable of building one. Yet the purpose of a science lab points to it not really being THAT big a deal to build. Making use of all the NPCs you find is also difficult.- Game lacks an in-game help. It very loudly proclaims that there's a manual in the install directory to refer to, but why isn't this just in the game? Why can't I look up specific mechanics in game? Several of those mechanics aren't explained in the first place.- The biggest negative is the interfaces. The interfaces leave a lot to be desired. Clunky, disconnected, tempermental... as far as I can tell, there is no way to get a full run down of an NPC's stats at base, and what info you can is all over the place, some of it accessible only at different physical locations on the base map. The interfaces are the only thing that really get in the way of enjoying the game, and that's only minorly.- Some of the character perks are poorly thought out, and some are objectively better than their counterpart option.- Extremely minor point, but there are a small number of typos in the gameOn to the pros:- It hits that sweet spot of having enough going on mechanically to keep it interesting, without being too complicated. Food is just food, crafting parts are just one catch-all type of item, there's really only a couple of fighting styles. But there's also a lot of room to find the load out that works for you, prioritize your base differently, come across different decisions and outcomes.- It's clear that so much love & effort was put into the writing. Characters are by and large memorable and realistic, varied as well. Characters interact with each other, often in surprising ways, and many of them require real work to get to know and to truly help.- The writing is also excellent in handling the player character. The dialogue system is frankly smarter than even most AAA titles these days. It's much less formulaic than the ""nice option, neutral option, rude option"" kind of system you often see, requiring the player to actually pay attention to their options. At the same time, it's entirely possible to roleplay a consistent character with opinions, preferences, and priorities that show through in how they deal with others.- A minor point for most, but it intelligently handles playing as a queer character. This is still incredibly rare for games lacking a dating / romance minigame (this has none), so it's very heartwarming to see it handled so naturely by the writing- Combat is well balanced and the difficulty curve works perfectly. There is a slight drawback in the late game when the undead become little more than a nuisance (the game is committed to a purist interpretation of a zombie plague, and the zombies never really get more difficult), but this is suplemented by a variety of human enemies. The player is expected to strategize, rather than brute force their way through battles. Despite that, it's far from unforgiving, meaning it stays fun as well as challenging.- The game strikes a balance between story-based progression and open exploration. The scenario that unfolds is very believable as far as apocalyptic storylines go. The player is often concerned foremost with the day-to-day, exploring and scavenging and not really knowing what's ahead of them. But at the same time, the world is very clearly not static, and it really captures the feeling of living *through* the disaster, as things progress from panic, to chaos, to anarchy, then to rebuilding, possible hope, stories and rumors coming to your shelter. It also makes the player feel much more part of the world, by making it clear that the player is one of many still eeking out an existance and trying to restore order.- The crisis mechanic and the faction system help create both a per-player unique story and add replay value. Do you side with the cop trying to restore the old order of life but being uncompromisingly strict? Or the apocalypse-embracing preacher? The player will almost never appease the same faciton leader every time, and have to balance the desires of each group. Do you go against your better judgement if most of your shelter demand things go the other way? Every side has its own points, and once again, it feels so much more human and multi-faceted than many games these days.Overall, the strongest points of Dead State are its writing and its combat system. Learning the tactics required and properly managing every aspect of your allies can be troublesome and unclear, but as long as you're willing to deal with some clunky menus and item management, it offers the real zombie survival experience."
76561198089359820,Not Recommended,239840,13554222,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,jkacala127,"Great concept! But everything else falls flat.Graphics: I'm not a graphic snob, but even 14 years ago these graphics would be dated. I can get over that, however it plays into combat. It's hard to see where you can move to during combat due to the dead bodies on the floor. You can't tell the difference between a looter or a zombie, you have to scroll over them...I mean if they are holding a shotgun, prolly going to be a looter.Combat: The tactics are okay, in the new patch the characters seem to connect a lot more. However it's hard to set up a battle and get your characters to where you want them to be. This should be the highlight of the game but the ratio of how much damage you put out and get is way off.It's challanging in a good way, but when you have to save before a fight it's a little too much.  Plus there is no real upside from fighting, unlike most tatical games you gain levels or xp, in this game concept you gain xp for upgrading your shelter.I feel like your always grossly out numbered, looters aren't push overs and even zombies can take several hits to kill."
76561198027476588,Not Recommended,239840,13503196,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bladedheart,"The game is honestly fun. I should love it. It has a lot of what I enjoy in video games, recruiting a bunch of party members, building a base, turn based combat, rpg elements, zombies, and much slaughter. . . But the game is not finished. Not even close. It is so chock full of bugs to be completely absurd. Last night I recruited Ulysses Ford and his three compatriots but lolguesswut! Ulysses and Darlene don't actually show up anywhere! But they go to talk to me in their little morning chat events and their models aren't even on screen! I have access to a helicopter but no options to do anything with it (can anyone confirm that any of the endings are actually working?)! The hotel was an effing nightmare getting through as you have to move your guys around ten times to get to where your party is ""gathered before venturing forth"" up the damn stairs when they are all grouped right the eff up any way! Couple that with the times when you can go through a door after going up the stairs, one of your dudes will be standing inside the door and you have to move him out into the hall (full of mercenaries with some of the best armor in the game and righteous weaponry) before you can get one of your other guys to either break the door down or pick the lock.... I want to love this game but it still needs a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of work before it can be called ""complete."" Dammit DoubleBear, this is why we have trouble trusting Early Access games these days! Complete this ♥♥♥♥ing game if you're gonna tell us it's a complete product."
76561198006534157,Not Recommended,239840,13562012,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ruin,"Dead State needs some serious rebalancing in the early stages... I'm all for gritty and realistic, but when it seems more than half the looters you encounter on your first day have guns, and you don't, it negatively impacts initial enjoyment as you watch your characters getting blown away in 2 shots, before you even land a single melee blow on the looter...Additionally to this, the tutorial is virtually pointless and the manual does not give much more insight... Dead State lacks 'hover over' tool tips for character conditions, once again making early play arduous whilst you're trying to figure out what exactly is going on...Dead State shows considerable potential, but IMO it feels as though it still requires alot of work before reaching it and I would not recommend buying Dead State as is...If you don't mind your survivors getting blown away at the drop of a hat on your first day, while you're still trying to figure out the basics, then Dead State is almost certainly for you however...**** ADDED AFTER 31 HOURS OF GAMEPLAY ****Kept plugging away since I had paid for it and, once you actually manage to get a little armour and some better gear, Dead State actually starts to become quite enjoyable..That is until you start getting better and better gear, at which time it becomes almost too easy... Zombies can barely inflict any damage and even gunfire is of little concern, only reiterating my previous assessment that rebalancing is required, not just in the early game, but even in the later stages.The longer you play, the more bugs you will also encounter such as 'misplaced' enemies (sprite in a different location to where they are physically recognised by the game), to-do tasks that are never completed, unusual inventory management and item stacking anomalies and game events that do not seem to trigger correctly.BIGGEST ISSUE NOW : after nearing the 30 hour play time mark, I am now encountering regular random CRASHES TO DESKTOP. There is absolutely no reason for this, as everything has been running fine until close to 25+ hours when I first started encountering CTD issues.It's my suspicion that the more your explore, recover and improve your compound, the more unstable the game engine becomes, which would fit in line with what other people (and some professional reviews) have also mentioned.Once again, even having invested 30 hours into Dead State, I would NOT recommend it in it's present release state and it requires considerable further work before it can be considered to be truely 'finished'...It is my opinion that THIS IS NOT A FULL RELEASE GAME IN IT'S PRESENT STATE - IT IS LITTLE MORE THAN A LATE-STAGE PUBLIC BETA, THAT PRETENDS TO BE A FINAL RELEASE."
,Not Recommended,239840,13549024,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Grath,"This game is not done. It feels like its on the edge of being great but honestly if the developers consider it 'complete' then they were shooting for a great game 20 years ago.I really really want to like it and I plan on playing it again in a few months after a few patches but honestly if you have to refer people to look in the install folder for the instructions if they get stuck... and its 2014? you are doing something wrong. That was acceptable in the 90s, not now."
76561198107908596,Not Recommended,239840,13259179,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Sustanon,"Let me start by saying ive followed and played this game for awhile and saw lots of potential and promise from the developers. However i started playing the final release and i am disgusted at what is being passed off as a complete game.There are numerous crashes that should have been fixed ages ago. This game promised to delve so deep into a zombie apocalypse that it would include much more than just bashing zombies.. it also promised tactical combat and in depth group management.. all we get is a game with limited at best combat and group management. I waited untill the full release to see if these things would be fixed, and they havent. The game is basic, and playing it you will see that nearly all that was promised is missing. Average graphics, limited dialogue, Biggest let down of the year.To try and make the communication challenging all they have done is program npcs to be fairly moronic. Nothing feels natural and you will not be drawn into the politics of your group.Comparing this game to fallout which has real tactical combat is an insult to people that actually took time to make their game legendary. Everything in dead state feels awkward and clumsy right down to firing weapons. There are no tactics in combat except for taking in turns. If i could get my money back i honestly would. Disgusted."
76561197969417125,Not Recommended,239840,16866489,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,G00N3R,"Dead State is a turn based game where the player has to manage a community of survivors during the zombie apocalypse. In theory, this should be my kind of game. I like fighting zombies, and I like turn based combat. Sadly, I don't like Dead State. Its not a terrible, broken game, I'm just feeling kind of ... bored.The biggest problem is that I've discovered that zombies and turn based combat don't mix together.I like turn based combat systems because of the tactical depth that they allow. I enjoy analysing what weapons and abilities my squad has, what type of enemies I'm up against, their abilities, the map layout and figuring out my plan of action. But zombies don't have abilities. No healers, no area of effect attacks, no teleports, no debuffs, no summons. They just walk up to the nearest person and bite them. Dead State has no special infected. Sure, there are some Human enemies. But they either melee the nearest person, or shoot the nearest person. There is no tactical depth. You can't even put your guys on overwatch. Nor can you control your companions' stats, because they auto-level up. Want to improve someone's ranged weapons skill? Well that guy is taking melee because screw you.I just realised that all the other zombie games I enjoy - Left 4 Dead, Resident Evil, Dying Light, Dead Rising, Killing Floor, State of Decay - the action is real time, fast paced, and you're fighting through large hordes. Plus they all have special infected which keeps the combat interesting.The other thing about Dead State that stands out to me is the poor sound design. Weapon sounds feel flat, the ""arghs"" a character/zombie makes when they get hit are dull, there's no voice acting for cutscenes and the music is too slow and quiet. I don't often comment on sound, I guess its one of those things that I don't notice when its done properly, but as soon as it goes wrong, its really obvious. I'm convinced the lack of exciting sound is contributing to my feeling of boredom.I can't even motivate myself to keep playing Dead State, so I'm certainly not going to recommend anyone else to pick it up. Very disappointing."
76561198006937839,Recommended,239840,19825606,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Sarbu,"There seems to be 2 reviews of  this game. either it is the dumbest game due to ui problems or its the greatest game because you have a base and zombies.was very concerned about the bad reviews before getting this game , because so many people said it had bad ui and how can that many people be wrong. well they were wrong... the ui granted is horrible if you dont know what you are doing and give up 2 seconds into the game.things you need to know:!. if you kill a guy/zombie you can move on that square still( seen a lot of reviews saying you cant)2. right click the mouse on your guys, doors, dead bodys etc, gives you more options.3 if you double click a square or container your guys will run to it, making it go a lot faster.4.when you start the game hitting 'z' will show you an icon about containers that are lootable.( bad part is when you leave game it turns itself off.)5.your bed looks like everyone elses bed, except when you put the mouse on your bed it make a bed icon and says players bed!!! ( saw a bad review saying it took him 30 mins to find his bed....)6. in the base, if you go to the stash you can in the upper left corner select other people besides your main guy, making inventory and equiping items way more easier.ok with that being said dont be scared of this game because of bad ui, its not bad if you know a little of what you are doing!!!!ok i do like this game i give it a 7/10 total. would be higher if it had more replay value. but i do have a bunch of time into the game so was worth getting it, still playing it too.some people said they had lag or crashed with them game, but mine runs great i have had it crash a couple of times but its rare for me and it auto saves a lot so didnt lose much time.pros:the base is well done, and you dont see a lot of games with one.story and dialog is good and you have to make choices that effect the game.like the noise idea, zombies will come if you make noise with guns or breaking done doors. depending on the noise and the location of the zombies, also you can use this to your advantage. fighting ai humans, zombies can distract and soak up a lot of their bullets!! but remember if they die from a zombie now they become a zombie!! also their are items you can use to make a lot fo noise like firecrackers.character making is cool and has good perks and you can differently make tons of different main characters. do you want to be a zombie killing machine? melee and strength! want to be a gun pro? go rrange and preception. want your base thrive? their is survial, mechanics, science, leadership etc.saw a bad review saying he couldnt hit zombes in the begining, yeah if you dont have enough strength to pick up a sledge hammer and no melee skills you cant use melee weapons.... and also you dont know how much life an enemy has, true but its around 60-80 for zombies and depending on the type of human you are fighting, like a soldier is harder to kill than a looter.will say guns arent that realistic in terms of range but its balanced nicely. so is melee.cons:replay might not be a lot of that, every location is static and the enemies you find there are too and most events i think are static. items you find in those area can differ a little but not that much like you might find different special items like this had coffee and now its batteries. or the food types might be different(which doesnt matter at all).minor con: is the ui but once you figure it out its pretty good.leveling up in the game is dorky. basically you have goals you need to pass, like find x amount of fuel or food or this resource and if you pass it you get a skill point. there are goals you can complete as many times as you want and then there are one time shelter goals like build 10 upgrades to shelter, but some dont give you points... and not sure but as far as i can tell you just get one point, and every 20 skill points you get a stat point. also all other character you cant lvl yourself, they put there point into what ever they want based on the type of character they are i think. like my doctor she put her points into medicine( make sense) and for the most part its not bad just that you have to add skill point into stuff you dont want because i have poeple who have mechanic skill but no science skill and people with science skill and no mechanic skill and there are upgrades, jobs, crafting etc. that require both. also so far to me putting points into medical is a waste, i have 2 medical people in my base and so far that plenty.wish there were more upgrades to shelter or that resources are done differnently. all resources are finite to a degree, but you can make food pretty easily and parts once you get a recyler. fuel on the other had and ammo are hard to deal with. you can make ammo if you upgrade your shelter but it costs fuel to make and you use fuel everyday for the generetor, wish there was solar panels or some way to make electricity besides the generator. this reason too is why i dont use a car in the game just horses. also the base seems lacking somehow, maybe if there was options to move to different locations gave different bonuses but then not sure how upgraded would work excatly if you did move. also you find tons of cars in the game, but you never can use them...i dont mine the combat, but some people might fine it boring or tire some after a while. also comabt is very skill point based, if you dont have high range/perception you cant use a gun very well or melee/strength you cant use hand held weapons very well.closing: good game i got for 10-11 dollars very happy i got it, get it if you like zombies but dont be scared by the bad ui reviews."
76561198007884434,Recommended,239840,13671210,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RamgarMT,"OOk this game is still a bit buggy, but should you buy it.If you like turn based games, like fallout 1 and 2. XCom both old and new then YES!!I know I don't like buggy games and normally would avoid them. So why on earth would I recommend the game?1. None of the bugs are game breakers ""anymore"" that has all been patched.2. Loads and loads of content here. Way, way, way more than I ever expected from a 29 dollar game.3. It is very fun.When I say it has a lot of content, here is what I mean.1. Battle maps, you know how when you play some games you feel like you have been on the same battle map 28 times That never happens here, every map is new, and hand crafted. The only repeats are in random encounters and those are avoidable.2. Loads of NPC that can join you, more then 30, each with their own portraits, stats, skills. perks, story, likes, interactions and requests.3. Improvements, yes you can add many features to your base.4. Multiple mode of transport. Foot, horse, or car5. Politics, there are faction in your own groups that effect your decisions.6. Equipment, there are hundreds of items in this game. You pick up a new shiny piece of armor and put it on, guess what your character changes to look like he is using it. Same with weapon and helms. Too many games just skip that these days. I like to see what my character looks like.7. Build your own character the way you like. You pick there stats and skills. You decide how to deal with others.8. Fighting styles, you don’t just have to run up and take a swing, you have different options with different weapons. Maybe you want to try to knock them down, push them back, spray mace in their face. It’s up to you.9. The radio, everyday there is a new message no repeats. It’s a “live” show, so if you don’t listen to the radio that day you miss the message.10. A mini hacker game, over 100 data bit can be found and hacked to find out what in themIf you like this kind of game, it’s bound to be a classic and it’s underpriced, there’s a lot more here than a 29 dollar game.Enjoy!!"
76561197974073331,Not Recommended,239840,13510807,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Punisher_1,"For the stupid people that think this is a new post, ADD, on meds or anything of the like. The review is 7 months old I stoped wasting my time because I found the game broken. End of story. Thanks bye!Let's get to the meat of why I said no. and this game rates at 50 / 100 pointsWith regard to the development team they put a decent amount of work into this and YES it still requires work. There are bugs. There is no audio where there should be, there is ""music"" but it's the same depressing music, while at the school and the same music for combat.. ho humm boring. I still know how to read and I guess that's a great thing considering you will read until your eyes drop out. Even cool quirky comments between characters  can be missed when characters are on mission because unless you are looking at them you will miss it. SO NO AUDIO! +40.The rest: Graphics, unique or different ideas, new story lines, semi realistic world, sand box play however adds up to maybe  +10 points.If you want a End of Day sim this is not it.If you know AYTHING about FIREARMS this game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.If you know about scavenging this is not for you, you again will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.If you get excited about just poking around to find random bean and toilet paper you might like this game.If you hate trying to find random junk in random places this game is going to aggravate you.What would make this game better!Take all the great things from XCOM / Jagged Alliance and make it a Zombie game. I have no idea why Double Bear did not do this!"
,Not Recommended,239840,13539124,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,gettinitfosho,"Can barely get passed that intro mission without wanting to delete the game. Tried to swap characters positions, ended up hitting my teammate with a bat. That was the last thing i did before uninstalling"
,Not Recommended,239840,29283006,Posted: 15 January,all,Contralto,"This game was great fun initially.  Playing it in early access, I was forgiving of the bugs and unfinished portions of the game, looking forward to being able to play the finished product.  However, DoubleBear took their unfinished product, declared it released, and haven't patched it since.  If you look on the Discussion board, they haven't even bothered to so much as update the FAQ from 2014, which still declares it an early access game.If they could finish the game, update it to allow the story arcs that they dropped, or open up Steam workshop or something to allow the players to complete the storyline, then I would consider this game complete.  But as it is, this is still in Beta.  Since this is the first impression that I got of DoubleBear, I don't have a positive outlook on the quality of their future products, or any feeling of loyalty."
76561198011627694,Not Recommended,239840,13268006,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Groener,"I bought this after reading the many positive reviews and all I can say is that the reviewers either have very low standards or they work for DoubleBear!The game is full of bugs and crashes that should have been fixed during early access, it's nowhere near a finished game.  Combat is simplistic and clumsy, no tactics and an awful interface, and the comparisons with x-com and fallout are really misleading, this isn't in the same league by a country mile."
,Recommended,239840,16113988,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Witt,"This is my first review on Steam; have some strong feelings about this game and wanted to share.PROS- A zombie apocalypse game that doesn't focus on the zombies.- Tons of survivors to interact with- The Splendid, Texas school as an upgradable compound- Nice top-down iso graphics. Old-school, but fun and 360-degree camera panning- AddictiveCONS- Too easy - I'm on day 30 and have a ton of food, high morale, and more supplies than I can shake a stick at- Needs more/various upgrades to the shelter. As with ""too easy,"" I'm almost done upgrading the entire shelter and soon will have nothing for my survivors to do except eat food- Limited scavenging team ability. Your character must lead every team. I have a great fisherman in my compound, but he can't lead a team to the local lake and go fishing unless I'm there with him all day. A waste of time since he could be fishing while I'm killing zeds and bringing back ammo, fuel, or other depletable items.- Poor zombie AI. Pull one zed, park your team 6 squares away. The zombie will walk right up next to you. Bash it on your turn. Lather, rinse, repeat.All that said, I  continue to play the game as this genre appeals to me, especially without the 1st person blood-and-gore fest that most zombie/survival games have become. I love the strategy level game, the building of a compound, the interaction of characters... just wish it was a little tougher.Still, a great game, though perhaps not at $30 yet. Try the demo first; you can play for 7 days - plenty of time to see the coolness factors. But keep in mind that by day 30+ there's not a lot left to do and gameplay becomes repetitive. Hope for more updates/upgrades/mods in the future, but I'll probably still keep coming back to it just because there's not much out there like it."
76561197994686358,Not Recommended,239840,16404422,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cymdai,"This game suffers from a series of issues.1) The combat system is terrible. I mean it's truly terrible; this thing is somehow less fun, functional, and challenging than Fallout 2, which is 20 years old. This is further compounded by pisspoor A.I.2) Where was the UX designer? The amount of glaring flaws in this game, flaws you'll notice within the first 5 minutes of gameplay, are astounding. Examples: Why are there no weight limit indicators visible WHILE LOOTING CORPSES, vision cones/agro ranges on enemies, range overlays for your guns, etc. Stuff that an intern UX still in college would be able to decipher.3) Torque 3d. Because of how awful this engine is, you can expect crashes. Lots of them. The refusal to use other Engines baffles me, especially considering the Unreal Engine is free.I had followed this game for 2 years waiting for it to evolve, and at it's finest moments.... it's playing like a vastly inferior version of Wasteland 2. It's saturated with all the concepts you know and love from games of the past, with none of the perks or joys from new age titles.Base building: It's like a D+ version of X-Com'sSurvivor management: It's a slightly better version of State of Decay's (since characters have personalities) with far less customization optionsTurn-based combat: F; it's inexcusably boring, uninteresting, and slow-paced. Even for a turn-based tactical game, it's pitifully slow. I would go as far as to say it's the worst, most unintuitive combat system I have personally ever experienced (and I played Shadow Vault)NPC interaction: It's very lacking. My choices, while phrased differently, seem wholly irrelevant and meaningless. Dialogue feels like a farce.A few other things worth noting:- I have no way to know what enemies are hard, and what enemies are not. They all look the same, but some hit WAY HARDER and have WAY MORE HP than others.- It's ridiculously hard to see the ""Loot is here"" indicator; why a dull orange color was used, as opposed to like a dark green or red, I will never understand.- Replay value seems non-existent. Want to win the game? Make a melee character, gradually ramp up to ranged, and walk through the game on cruise control.- It's incredibly frustrating when you're fighting and 23 zombies have to move before you can. It's exacerbated by the fact that I can't turn up combat move speed to expedite the process.I want to recommend it because I support indie studios... but I just can't. There are just entirely too many visible flaws in this game that suggest the lead designer either doesn't know what features are missing... or even worse, is not listening to feedback from his team about these absent features and mechanics."
76561198133472223,Recommended,239840,13675939,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MBenavides,This game's strength lies in the character interaction. Your choices as leader of a group of survivors are meaningfull. There are many interesting places to explore and discover around the map and interesting survivors to recruit.It should be noted that the begining of the game can be frustrating. Primarily because the combat system and the interface are not the best. I suggest reading a tutorial on how to engage the interface becasue the tutorial is not enough.
,Recommended,239840,9092114,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Hemmingjay,"Clever design. Nothing inovative, but satisfying. The demo is short and has VERY little replay value. On a whole the game is very linear. I think most people were expecting something more freeform or open like the other zombie games. However, it's just an RPG set in a zombie apocolypse. Nothing more, nothing less. The final game will be worth $25-maybe the $30 they are going to ask. However, I don't think the demo is worth $25 unless you have been dying to get your hands on this one.I can however say that there are few bugs to be found."
,Not Recommended,239840,13566436,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Robert J. Sullivan,"PRE-REANIMATED PATCHSome things in this review may or may not have changed. I suggest you look at a more recent review. This one was made shortly after the game's release.Not worth it right now at that price (28€) unless you are extremely tolerant of zombie games. Not a good SRPG or Survival game-Shelter feels lifeless since every survivor just stands still-Engine can't handle maps with lots of enemies-No basic SRPG features like interrupts/overwatch-Pathfinding outside of combat is very wonky-Human AI is very basic just rushes to you in a straight line whether or not they're using guns-Zombies do not roam and bandits don't patrol either-Zombie maps are so easy they're a whack-a-mole minigame-Bandits and zombies teleport to the edge of your field of view when they are on the move and out of sight in realtime-You can shoot through some obstacles-Can't rebind keys, AZERTY keyboards can't even type the damn M key in the datacenter (and yes switching to an US keyboard doesn't work)-When lured on a position bandits all converge on it and stay there until the end of times-UI is serviceable but is missing some key features like showing looted containers-Zombies who are crippled can't attack-OST is forgettable at best...It goes on and on.Filled to the brim with bugs and lacks features/polish, deserved more time in developement.If you're looking for a SRPG with good mechanics and a zombie apocalypse background I'd say the asking price is kinda high right now (unless money really isn't a problem for you). If you're looking for a zombie game that happens to be a SRPG I'd say go for it because let's be honest, the market might be saturated with zombie games right now but it's saturated with bad zombie games. Dead State happens to fall in the kinda alright category and as far as zombie games go it's already an accomplishement. Most of the minor issues with the game can probably be resolved with a patch too (and maybe will be by the time you read this) even if the main problem I have with it will still persist : a SRPG with little tactical depth and a lack of polish. It's up to you to decide if that really bothers you."
76561197975358649,Not Recommended,239840,13410252,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,jaryss,"So, I've played the early access, the release and then the Reanimated game.Well, the game has great ideas and features, but there's a lot a minor details which make the game not so good eventually.For instance, you were able to sneak kill a zombie in the early access, now, in the Reanimated, when you try sneaking behing a zombie, he spots you and attacks you first...There's still a few collision and graphical issues, and the game gets boring (loot and build)Relationships between characters are too scripted."
,Recommended,239840,13788226,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Adlerson,"Come a long way since alpha. I enjoy this kind of game, not so tactical as to make it a chore, instead focusing on the story and the flow. It fills its own nieche in post apocalyptic survival games, and it does it well with a mix between combat, human interaction and planning.Highly recommended to anyone who likes a bit of thinking and wants a beer and pretzels game.(Still has a few bugs, but nothing game breaking.)"
76561198132706102,Not Recommended,239840,13520067,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,jtaylors57,"Awful, the game is unplayable. it is so buggy. the game would lag and characters would flash all over the place. I am sure it would be a good game but I was never able to play enough to find out."
76561198007357122,Recommended,239840,16273903,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,wellard2006,"So after 130 hours game play on re animated(and 43 on the original) I finally got the end screen..and I won..It's given me a really satifying feeling to know that i managed to save over 30 people, 2 cats and a dog from the Texas Zombie Apocalypse.Now I wonder if there will be a sequel..Dont let the negative reviewers put you off this game.they are the same guys who complained about Pillars of Eternity as being 'dated' All I can say is that for those off us who loved Fallout 2, Wasteland 2 and Baldurs Gate...This game does itTherer are some minor glitches in places and it needs tiding up around the edges but the core of this game is solid. I do not hesitate to reccomend it.8/10"
,Not Recommended,239840,14128730,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,grarrmcgrarr,"I've played this game for, steam tells me, just under 25 hours over the past three days. Enough time for a fair first impressions review. So here is the short version, playing this game is like eating a fine icecream after you dropped it on the beach. It is tasty, and cool, and sweet, but every lick has annoying grit in it, and it has a salty aftertaste you don't care for.This game is so full of bugs, it needs fumigation.Don't buy it. Come back in six months and see if anyone has bothered to fix this, because as it is, it's an annoying mess.Ok, details, for those without ADHD.This has a great game in it. But like watching a scratched to hell DVD of your favourite film, it jutters along tripping over the various bugs, made all the more infuriating because you were enjoying the bits inbetween.So what is wrong?Bluntly, the game is not finnished. It's a late alpha of a great game or an early early beta of a good one.Here are a list of the actual bugs I have run into:* Graphics options don't save, so I have to reset them each time I start the game.* KO'd characters who are saved with a medical satchel are still considered dead once you return to the shelter. They can no longer be spoken to and are missing from the job board. The end of day lists them as lost - even though they are still stood in place in the school (2 instances).* No splitting of stacks. I picked up 12 gallons of fuel in lots of 1 or 2. I needed to split it between my characters to grab the last bit of loot - no deal. Or, ammo. Can't divide my ammo between the two characters using 9mm weapons. (persistant).* Zombie model not in the correct place on the combat grid. Or is confused. Main character was being hit by said zombie, but any character that attacked that zombie moved six tiles down an aisle in a store to attack the zombie on a tile which does not appear to be occupied. Think displacer beast. (1 instance).* Highly unstable client. The quicksave option should be for a cautious player moving into a challenging area of play, not as a safety measure against the game crashing. Dangerous moments seem to be as the day is ended in your bedroom (4 instances), speaking to people (2 instances), transitioning into or out of random encounters on the world map (9 Instances). Moving between basement and first floor of school (1 Instance).*I healed 'Cindy' after I KO'd her. Rightly or wrongly I thought I may be able to recruit her to my group because she had a name, and was the first living hostile I had encountered. She got back up and resumed her attack (note, not as a zombie - as a knife wielding crazy) but could no longer attack her. No assault icon, just standard pointer with no function. (1 Instance).*Easily broken steel rails on the plot. Began submitting data to the 'system' before Doug builds it.* Davis tells me to go to a specific pharmacy for antibiotics for Doug - Just after I returned from looting the place.* Max vanishes after his arrival and cannot be seen until he 'heals' 72 hours later.* Despite being an only survivor of a scavanging mission, Davis berrates me for shooting first at the Human campsite. Claims someone on the mission complained but will not name who. - Did not notice a oija board in his office.* Max complains about not being taken along on patrols - yet has been on one every day since he became available.You know what... I'm tired. I could go on... but you get the idea.It's a great game. Double Bear - please, please, please, please, please finnish this game. You released it very early. Too early. Put that behind us and put the game right."
76561198082701470,Not Recommended,239840,14630089,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,The Lizard King,"""Why do I even play this?""  I asked myself this after encountering another glitchy door before going into combat with a pack of armed looters.  Character walks through a closed door right into their arms- Why.Dead State is, for the most part, ""finished.""  The places are all there, most of them work, and there are a few things that make the game neat to play.  But that's about it.  For a text-based game, I'm entertained for a while.  But, something doesn't feel right...  The glitches, the static characters standing around doing nothing in any room at the base, the mundane grinding process, the fact that once I can't even assign a job to everyone I've brought together...  Well, there's the problem.  The game doesn't feel ""finished.""Once your character is good at leading, negotiating, and fighting, all that's left is finding the people you would actually want to have around- that is if you make it that far.  The game's combat system is cruel, unforgiving, repetitive, and I hope you don't mind bodies stacking on top of one another so you can't loot one of them. It's super disappointing to see this game ""released"" in the state that it is now, having watched development from the very start.This end product is rather boring.  Don't get me wrong, I can enjoy it, but more needs to be done to iron out the problems, more animations need to be added, and for God's sake, there needs to be a variation of death poses.  Everything I kill ends up laying there like it's planking- in some cases, forbidding me to loot the corpse, and we CAN NOT have that in a completed game.Dead State may mostly be finished, but it isn't, and if they don't bring the updates to fix these problems and to ""modernize"" what feels like a game from 2005, I'm unable to recommend it to anybody at the price they're charging.If you want this game badly enough, wait for a sale.  I wouldn't pay more than $14 for this in the state that it's in.  It just isn't up to par with more modern titles.  It's pretending to be a classic in 2015.LATEST EDIT.I'm sorry to those of you who support the game, and it's development team, but it appears that Dead State has been abandoned.  There are still numerous bugs, and there has not been a release of any editor tools to improve gameplay via Mods.  This is both disappointing and shameful; the least that this team could have done was offer to stick around for a while, but it's pretty clear they only sought to fulfill their Kickstarter obligations and jump ship.  They were never in it for the community.Dead State still feels like an incomplete game.  It still has its vintage C-Grade game graphics, and still fails to fulfill the full level of immersion one would expect from a game posing to be one purified Turn-Based RPG in style.  When comparing this to other games in my library, such as Wasteland 2, Arms Dealer, Kenshi, Project Zomboid, Space Engineers, and others, Dead State left Early Access before it was finished, and the Development team rushed aReanimatededition, That means they decided to upgrade the game after it was released, showing you how much they care about the very principles of ""Early Access,"" wherein you actually get things done before putting out a game.The very fact that these developers left their community and game to rot is simply disgraceful; it's as if they're relying on pure name-recollection to keep a fanbase (Example: ""Oh, it's the company behind Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines! The game was okay, maybe this'll be better.""), which means they either don't care about their games or they don't care about you.  Seeing a game left in the dark like this is dishonorable.  You don't leave a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥production sitting around, you fix it so it works for your customers or you lose your customers.  Bottom line.  I can tell you that I will not be giving Double Bear my business again."
76561197972216308,Not Recommended,239840,26511625,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Mochan,"This game sounded like a dream game: zombie apocalypse, base building and management, recruiting survivors, turn-based combat, survival narrative. I thought it would be a mix of Suikoden II, X-Com and Fallout in a Zombie setting.But instead what you get is a shallow RPG experience, a base that doesn't really matter and which you don't really defend like you did in UFO: Enemy Unknown, one of the worst turn-based combat designs I've ever seen, and a whole crapload of tedium. The interface is also terrible.In your base, instead of being able to access crucial menus to manage your base, you have to run around it for no reason just to access different menus. This is just tedious and adds nothing to the game. If I wanted to explore the base, I'd do it by myself. To view your character list you need to run around as well, because you can't view a survivor's data all in one place. You need to run to the supply room to check their inventory, to the cafeteria to check their stats, and you can only see their perks and morale level in the Goals menu. Why is everything so fragmented? What is the point?Combat is a huge disappointment, and is hobbled by tiny rooms that are so hard to click around, a lack of proper hotkeys for player selection and reloading, stairs are particularly nasty as your people can only go through them one at a time and they are a teleport node instead of actually climbing them, so passing them completely isolates one guy to die to any enemies at the top. Worse, you cannot save while in the middle of combat. And the combat is so simplistic that it's even more barebones and basic than X-Com 1 back in the 90's. There's no saving action points to react to enemies, no cover mechanics, nothing.The actual game idea is compelling, and playing through it can be fun, but the game really does its best to make it hard for you to play it."
,Recommended,239840,24423203,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Whiteswart,"Dead State is a survive-the-end-of-world themed game, on the base of party RPG with turn-based combat, in-depth team management, and the Shelter to build, supply and protect... It's a long-going indie project, which started quite low in the pre-release at 2014, but was significantly updated since then. While even now it is far from ideal, lacking something in every major game aspect, surprisingly, it is one of the most solid games in the zombie-apocalypse line. And in the ever-low-in-numbers squad/turn-based sub-genre especially.Why I like it? Because, generally, it makes sense - at least, at the start of the game. It is logical, ways above some well-known projects like all belonging to the ""Walking Dead"" franchise, in the first place. You have a shelter, a bunch of people to look for, and to help you, and all you do is basically the most real-case survival scenario - you roll down all the way to tribal age, and all you can (and need to) care about is your tribe. You hunt and kill, gather materials, build things and redistribute found resources and jobs for your crew, you tune the mood of each of your people, helping them so they can be of use for you in return... Not the worst job I had in my life, I guess.However, speaking of usual game's features, like the plot, the visuals and sound, interesting game mechanics, overall joy-out-of-the-game, sadly, the project is quite mediocre. There are some originality, sure, and it is fairly acceptable, generally, but the major hook of Dead State is the group survival topic. If you're down with it, and ready to numerous unimposing turn-based battles against reanimated corpses and marauders from different tribes - check the game. If you're generally looking for some catchy titles like the modern XCom or prefer quick-paced action - I doubt you'll be happy there. My mark is 7/10, and that's about all major words I have for ""Recommendation"".Some words more, about game aspects I found troubling, even while they sound good at first.1) the RPG elements and crew management. RPG is quite rigid there, basically, you have some skills and you'll be constantly facing various skill checks... being a leader is a tough job, especially when you can't send someone else as a head of marauding party. Really, one thing that buzz me, is that a good marauder must have high strength and battle skills (to carry loot and deal damage) and good leader have to have so many other crafts to prosper and guide - why it is so obligatory that only the main character should lead the field group?Crew management is another major problem. While generally people you gather around are not that bad and broken, as, for example, we have in the Valkyria Chronicles... but the morale system is really bugging me off, as well as the so-called ""sub-leaders"". Everyone is sad, every day every person brings overall morality down - but how do you supposed to deal with it? You can talk to them, giving them what they want, solve all their problems - and the results will be... average. But - you can scavenge a lot of books, CDs, tooth brushes and toilet paper - and the morale will be rocking! Am I the only one who thinks that's not how it supposed to be? Guess not.2) Turn-based combat is lacking, it is flat and not comparable even with the old titles like Fallout 1/2, not to mention modern projects like Xenonauts or Wasteland 2. I like the idea with sound which every weapon makes, but even that mechanic is far from perfect. Especially when I'm reaching 200db+, using only melee weapons, in the house where all doors shut - and it still attracts corpses, out of nowhere.3) The inventory and inventory management is another headache. For the game which is based on constant looting, this process is quite poorly optimised - still. Yeah, they made buttons like ""select all"" in the shelter inventory menu - but why only there? I had very hard time clearing the hotel recently - not because of mean mercs settled there, but for the amounts of stuff I was collecting with the very primitive interface system. Also, for a game, based in Texas, there are so little firearms, and the usage of those is so lame, I can never suggest Dead State to any Jagged Alliance fan - even if he prefers the first game over the second. Also, there is a weight of items ""feature"" - why some objects have those numbers, I really wonder. Like big4) Finally, while it is good at start, I don't really like how the game is proceeding forward. Unobvious game goals I can tolerate, but the routine checking crops and malls around, to stuff even more junk food and another hundred of screwdrivers... Meh. In my second run through the game, after the first month, I've made all upgrades for the shelter, collected almost all aviable people, and stuff to feed them for years - yet, I still have to walk more and more, just to get along with stupid ""morale"" mechanic - and without any other main goal but ""to survive"". So what? I survived. But I can't really get over the basic level, I can't start some long-lasting relationships with other communities, I can't develop trade routes, or more shelters. After some time invested, the game's stacking, like the USSR in the 70-80's. And that's not the good thing."
,Recommended,239840,13654538,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,QUICKTiME クイックタイム,"This is the Baulder's Gate, Fallout or Neverwinter Nights of Zombie Survivor Games - addictive and well executed. I was pretty disappointed with State of Decay due to it's endless random nature, but these guys got it right.Unless you grew up with games like Fallout or Baulders Gate, these games may not be for you - Turn Based games are typically slow and take a long time to complete, but some, like myself, find this rewarding and fun. There is tons of action packed into this game and many choices to be made, you'll probably find yourself playing it multiple times.With this said, the game still seems pretty buggy - I've had atleast 8 crashes within 48 hours, so save your game regularly.  The game also lacks dialogue audio, so it means a lot of reading. You may also find some of the GUI confusing, I've had to google a few things, around the Job board, cars, healing and trading inventory."
,Recommended,239840,13671974,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,CobeSlice,"Dead State is a great game. Like most other games on release day, this game has it's fair share of bugs that are still waiting to be worked out. Unlike most games, this game has a group of Devs that work very hard to fix those bugs, releasing patches constantly. They are very active with the community and even actively try to implement the things that the community asks for.This game has superb writing. Each character feels different, fleshed out, and does very well making me either like (or hate) them. There are very few games where characterization is this strong to make me actively worry about, and try to protect, certain allies in combat situations. This game is the Walking Dead you've been waiting for. Scavange, survive, upgrade your shelter, and try to save lives of other innocent survivors in the wake of this undead nightmare.While this game is still trying to get it's feet under it, it offers hours of play. And the replayability is huge! Don't like a survivor? Don't save them the second time around. Wanna see what happens if you kill off the other ""leaders"" of the group? Go for an outing they'll never come home from."
,Recommended,239840,13595888,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SystemWarrior11,"If you can look past all the bugs, this game is one of the best games ever created. Although the graphics aren't as good as GTA or COD or (Insert commonly played game), the story is rich, the mechanics are refreshing (turn-based is sort-of my thing), and zombies + scavenging is just something I wish gaming companies would make more of. I would, with the bugs, rate this 7.5/10."
76561198010907366,Not Recommended,239840,13303550,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Mikhail Reign,"Kinda fun. Turns into 'sneek up behind zombie>press space>bash in head with sledgehammer>head to next zombie' REAL quick. Is full of bugs, some game breaking, even though its listed as a full game - it plays as an alpha. I like the concept - very bad implementation - would get my money back if I could."
,Not Recommended,239840,15781226,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,drunkchan,"Enjoyable while it lasted.I bought this game at a discounted price without reading its reviews. And while the negative reviewers have their points, there are some positives. In particular to me, the looting system was addicting. Gathering and organizing is an aspect of the game I enjoyed. Once you get the hang of it, stocking up on the essentals becomes easy and the difficulty level of the game plummets. After building all the upgrades, I just lost the will to play. While I enjoyed all the time spent on this game, it is untimately an unrewarding experience.Factor that with the bugs and unhelpful glitches...I could only recommend this game if its base price was under $10.*edit - At first this review was made without the mention of the developers unprofessional behavior in response to critisim. I honestly thought I should mention it."
76561198028352716,Recommended,239840,14093018,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ashley Schaeffer,"So far I've logged 100+ hrs on Dead State and feel that I've played and seen enough of the game to form a decent opinion of it.I'll be honest, I'm a little biased when it comes to cheesy zombie stuff and I love most turn based RPG games so Dead State was right up my alley and even with its flaws, I loved it. I do not regret purchasing this game and feel that it is worth its current price for the amount of time you will spend on it.WHAT I ENJOYED ABOUT DEAD STATE:Every location on the map is unique, the amount of detail and lootable containers is very well done, each location tells its own seperate little story. Some locations are tiny enough you only need to visit them once, others are so large you need two or three trips to loot it all out.Good old fashioned text! Even though the game is fully text based, it does not take away from the game as I found the story, personal stories and crisis events to be very well written and believable. The game has an interesting and large cast of characters and each of them has their own quirks, and personal issues good and bad, not everyone gets along with everyone, there is internal conflict based on the decions you make.Micro managing your group of survivors from the job board. Brilliant! You can assign jobs to your survivors based on their skill set. As you find survivors out in the world map you can recruit them, each having their own set of skills. Some are more suited for tasks than others and parts of the crafting system can open up once certain requirements are met. The high school setting really is an all too ideal setting, it basically has everything you would need to survive in a zombie apocalypse.COMBAT!:This was hit and miss for me, but overall it wasnt that much of a negative experience as I've played worse in turn based-RPGs *cough* Blackguards *cough*. Dont expect X-Com type combat, there is no cover or crouching, no overwatch or support fire, no destructable environments or elevated terrain.My biggest issue with the combat is that the A.I. can be a little annoying (extremely slow) if there is a large queue in the turn order.However I feel the combat system really suits the game setting. One of the cool things I liked about the combat is the decible meter and how certain weapons generate a lot more noise than others. This adds an element of strategy specific to the generic zombie theme where they are drawn to sound. Start making enough noise in a fire fight with some human bandits and the next thing you know, both sides have to deal with a mini horde of zombies.PROS:Turn based zombie-RPG.Character progression.Choices you make in game at certain points greatly effect you going forward.The game is all text based, but writing/story is very well done.Most of the level designs are very detailed.Nice varied assortment of weapons, most of which can be upgraded.Crafting items and upgrading your base.Based on your choices, the game has a bit of replayability value.CONS:The game tends to crash often and when least expected. Save often.90% of everyone male/female has the same nose in their portrait picture.The A.I. can be slow if there is a large queue in the turn order.Game launched with a laundry list of bugs and known issues."
,Not Recommended,239840,11983449,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,BulbasaurusRex,"This is a game that I started following when it was announced on Kickstarter. This is a game that I had high hopes for. This is a game that had a lot of potential (and still does). This is a game that has let me down.I was finally able to play this game when it was released on Steam's Early Access and I was absolutely excited for it. ""Finally!"" I thought as I started the game and met the first characters of Dead State. In about two hours time I completed everything that Dead State: The First Seven Days had to offer. It wasn't much but I was happy with what there was and I understood that it was a game in it's alpha stage. Updates to the game were few and far between and there was little in the way of announcements on the community hub (though apparently there are more frequent updates on DoubleBear's forums).Fast forward to September, I notice the game was moved forward into it's beta stage, ""Finally!"" I once again thought as I booted up the game. There was certainly more to do this time, a lot more, but soon things went downhill for me. Many of the locations were simply not finished which surprised me considering how long this game has been in development and there are at least two areas that I could not leave once I entered such as the hospital that was not textured and had a grid that  had ""512x512"" on it. Some locations you can enter despite it's unfinished state but you'll see that there is nothing to loot and no one to kill. I'm not sure how many game days have passsed but I know I built many of the available upgrades to the shelter. However, my save is no longer playable as I cannot load the game without crashing. In previous saves I can't re-enter the shelter without crashing. I have no idea what is causing this problem, it definitely has something to do with the shelter, whether it's an upgrade or an ally.I am very much aware that Dead State is still in beta and that it's in early access. Once again, I am very much aware that Dead State is still in beta and that it's in early access but this feels more like an alpha. For a game that has been in development for so long there is not much to it and I'm pretty disappointed about that. I'm disappointed that after release date delay after relase date delay this is all we got. This is just my opinion however and everyone is entitled to their own opinions. I know there will be some who agree with me and many who will disagree and that's okay.September 21st: Started playing again to check out the new update. Gameplay stopped after 7 days that said ""Thanks for playing!"" as dialog with survivors went on over the screen. After the dialog I pressed ""Continue"" and was taken to the main menu. I'm not sure why that happened other then something happened where the game thinks it's the first seven days demo.November 3rd: I wanted to try the new update and see how things came along since I last played. I saved the game during the intro sequence right after I created my character. I loaded the game (or tried to) but was met with an error ""CGC::GetPC - could not find playable character."" I have no idea why this is occuring."
76561198034102068,Not Recommended,239840,31042842,Posted: 9 April,all,Drosta,"With great regret I have to give this game the thumbs down, it's not badits just abandonned.  It sat as Early Access for a while, nothing happened, then it was ""reanimated"", nothing happened, and now its in its final release state.Take from that statement whatever you like."
76561198018644534,Recommended,239840,12459890,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Lex,"I am obsessed with this game and I'm not entirely sure why.When looking for a game to play, I personally search for three very specific things. Firstly, I want to be presented with a set of options that potentially change the entire way the game is played. Secondly, I want to be able to control multiple characters, while still retaining a main character role, and lastly I want said characters to be in a survival-esque situation or dilemma. For me, this game ticks all the boxes.In a nutshell, Dead State feels like a more strategic form of The Walking Dead by Telltale Games, and also the TV series episodes, in that its your job to keep safe a bunch of survivors stuck in a zombie apocalypse. Unlike The Walking Dead, however, wherein you are almost certain that someone is going to die and you're going to be left with one, maybe two survivors, that same theory is never in concrete in Dead State. Someone could die at any minute, and it could be any of your survivors, including you. If you're sensible and strict, you can manage to avoid deaths entirely, but the potential is there, and that's what makes it all the more fun.Dead State also has a great variety of salvageable items, dropped from both zombies or other hostile survivors, or found from things that you yourself can imagine searching for if there was a real zombie apocalypse. Suggestions that your fellow survivors make are also logical ones too. For instance, in games such as Left 4 Dead and Contagion, the idea of going to places like a hospital or train station or coastline is all too familiar and accepted - Dead State eschews that principle. Being stuck in central Texas instantly eliminates the idea of sensibly heading to the coast to get away from big cities, like many other games would (I refer to both Left 4 Dead and its sequel as an example), but the survivors directly tell you why going to places like hospitals, clinics, supermarkets and the like is quite simply awaste of time.Each and every survivor to you is as dynamic and unique as they are important. What I mean by this is that the plethora of people you will come across truly are different in every way. From flight attendants to former cops, from veterinary students, the mentallyandphysically handicapped, and every other minority in between. As diverse as they all are, they all have a certain role to play at your shelter (which is a now heavily barricaded school by the time you've arrived). From nursing the sick to fixing the fridges, you get to choose who does what for how long and when. As of the time of writing, Dead State keeps things standard by allowing a venturing party of yourself and three other members of your shelter to head out into the great outdoors in search of supplies, but all the other survivors will be busy doing things that you've allocated them to do. To me, this feels like a real sense of teamwork and feels quite rewarding when something gets done right and progress is made.Team fights are a very basic turn-based system using action points that vary from character to character depending on their stats and other attributes (think Divinity: Original Sin as a prime example). Though at this stage in development, hacking down a zombie with a sledgehammer isn't too hard to do, the real threat thus far is other humans. Some have responded to this in the community hub with great negativity, but I find it makes only too much sense. After all, if there really were a zombie apocalypse, I'd fear humans more than the zombies. We know from games like The Walking Dead and Dead Island that the more dangerous threatisother humans. Let's face it: they panic, they have no idea who to trust and why, they move faster, and they still have the capacity to use a gun. Dead State makes all of these clear to you, for truly when you see another hostile survivor on the map and turn-based combat starts, you do need to think very carefully about what to do because even one angry gunman can turn your entire survival situation upside down.I won't say the game is without its faults, it certainly isn't. The game is still in beta though, so you certainly have to give leeway for that. The game is peppered with lots of tiny errors (which I'm sure can be rectified quite simply) and a great deal of content has yet to be added, but the development team are quick to respond to issues and are very good with their communication to their community, which is always an added bonus. In-game content doesn't avoid controversy either, they don't shy away from real-world issues that would occur during a cataclysm like the plot, such as racism, murder, betrayal, religion, same-sex relations, disability and others, which, while risky is also quite a breath of fresh air.Ultimately, if you're looking for a game that gives you the flexibility to be in charge, while retaining a challenging experience to keep not just yourself, but others with you alive, with great versatility and variation, Dead State should definitely be added to your library. Dead State is a unique game among its genre, but one that works in a really good way. If you have reservations about Dead State and questions regarding its current gameplay that you don't feel have been adequately answered by anything you've seen or read, I'd be happy to answer them for a game I feel so positive about.For those that teal deered: 9/10.- - - - - UPDATE: v. 1.0.0 (4th Dec 2014) - - - - -This will be a lot more brief than the content above mentioned at the end of October, but as Dead State is now fully released and out of beta, it seems only fair that you know what's changed in the last month and a bit. Truly? Quite a bit. I'll list the greatest first.For starters, all of the unfinished crap that you could find when travelling around on the map (i.e., accidentally finding a completely empty location with just the shell of a building) are completely finished. This might sound like a quite obvious one, but there were a lot of these locations, so it's pleasantly surprising to see that they are all complete and weren't just scrapped and removed. Often, you could be travelling in a party of four and all of a sudden, three more of your survivors who you left at base would pop up out of nowhere and also be there. Though it wasn't necessarily a bad thing to have 7 of your people running around with you (especially in combat, it was quite nice to exploit), it wasn't how the game was meant to be played, and honestly, having more survivors with you will only cause problems.One of the three main commodities in Dead State, fuel (the other two being parts and food), can be very hard to come by. That being said, there was no way for you to turn off your shelter's generator if you didn't particularly need it burning your fuel. In the Dead State community, this caused a bit of an uproar as it simply drained people's fuel that they wanted to use for other projects. That being said, Double Bear clearly noticed that this was an issue, listened to its players, and now the ability to turn it off is functional.The artwork of all characters have been updated too, and their portraits are now much larger. Not a huge issue, but it does make it look much better, and aesthetics do count to a lot of gamers. That being said, it ties in with the fact that a lot of characters received updates to their personal perks (a lot like talents in World of Warcraft or Divinity: Original Sin, for ease of explanation).Back in October I mentioned that there was nothing stopping you from equipping yourself with the best shotgun and the strongest hammer in the game and just smashing your way through - so they've added skill requirements to all weapons to prevent this! Though it may not seem like a lot, it does prevent you from giving your wispy little doctor a giant railroad hammer.Unfortunately, I ran out of space but thank you for reading!"
,Recommended,239840,32463228,Posted: 15 June,all,Squashbuckler,"WARNING!: This game took me 84 hours to complete!!This is an excellent game that had me hooked right from the beginning. It reminded me of Fallout tactics in a zombie apocalypse. You will travel, loot, survive, and make decisions which will affect your team and your path moving forward. If you like fallout tactics, zombies, and survival, give this a go!"
76561197970388532,Recommended,239840,15817764,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Dogbone_Oz,"This is a very fun game.  It feels a little clunky at first until you get used to the gameplay and mechanics.You basically have to manage a growing number of survivors who have gathered at a high school.  You can upgrade and build new facilities, venture out to scavenge for supplies and food, even restore care or get horses.  You also have to make decisions over disputes between survivors and try and keep everyone happy (or kick them out if they just don't fit).  When you venture out, combat is turn based; you need to try and stay quiet if you want to avoid too much attention from zombies.  You can essentially ""herd"" zombies away from places you want to loot by making noise elsewhere.Overall it's a solid game imho.  Not sure where the negative reviews come from (maybe game has improved a lot since then) but if you like turn based combat/resource management/survival etc then give this a go"
,Not Recommended,239840,13565111,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ank'Mah,"It's like DayZ. Looks bad and is far beyond as fun as it sounds like. It's worth 1/5 of the original cost. In addition it has some big problems with FPS, I hadn't seen 5 FPS in over 10 years before I bought this crap.2/10 would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,239840,23221439,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,JET FUEL CAN'T MELT DANK MEMES,"Really disappointed in this game.  Been waiting for improvements for over a year.  Seems like the developers have abandoned it.  Game could have had a lot of potential, but there are too many problems with it.  Combat is extremely slow and difficult.  Use of guns is pointless due to the noise drawing more enemies to battle when they're less effective than melee weapons.  No real variance to the plot: loot, build, sleep, repeat.  Could have been so much more.  Feels like an early access game despite the fact that developers have said it's completed."
,Recommended,239840,9093959,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,morph113,"I don't know why people write the demo is short. I am nearly 2 hours into the game and I am only on day 1 out of 7 days. So far the game lived up to what I expected. The tactical combat is nothing new, but is as good as in similar games such as JA2 or XCom. So far the story is okay, but might get better later on (only day 1). I havent gotten to the point of fortifying the base yet or any other shelter management. I will update the review as I go further into the demo. So far I would certainly recommend the game as it seems to be nice once it is finished.Edit: After 5 hours and on day 3. The fights seem a bit too easy, but then again, it's just the beginning of the game and a few times I was close to losing someone, so I guess it's alright. The Map works similar to Jagged Alliance 2, although enemies and loot don't seem to respawn where you have already went, but I might be wrong on that. The Demo doesn't seem to go very far into the Story, so I cannot really say if the Story will be any good. Nearly all base building and jobs to give to your mates are not available in the demo, so I can't really judge that. Bugwise, I haven't encountered a single bug yet or I did but the bugs were that small, that I didn't even notice them. The graphic looks a bit outdated but I personally don't care about graphics in this type of game.I would recommend it to anyone who is into that kind of games (tactical round-based, zombies) and wants to play the demo and get a small discount before the game is finished, hopefully this summer from what I've read."
,Recommended,239840,14152182,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,xsubtownerx,"It's nice to see a developer ballzy enough to take the survival genre out of it's comfort zone (FPS) and introduce it to the genre I think fits it best (RPG). Dead State is a game that is, in my opinion, a most own for all RPG enthusiasts. It takes place in a apocalyptic zombie world and features a turn-based combat system and other neat gameplay elements. The music and sounds fit the scenery well and add to the already creep/scary atmosphere. Very fun to play.http://youtu.be/sM0yhD03cxI"
76561198038826395,Recommended,239840,16324465,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,kypher-shreves,"I honestly don't understand why so many people have given this game a thumbs down. This is perhaps the best zombie survival game I have ever played because it is just that; a zombie 'survival' game. It isn't an action game and it certainly isn't easy. You constantly have to seek resources, deal with human flaws and make hard moral decisions. The amount of items, weapons, locations and game play hours is really quite staggering. This is obviously a zombie survival game that has been developed by people who know and love the genre, which is what I have been waiting for for years."
76561197970603994,Not Recommended,239840,33066416,Posted: 30 June,all,[SSO] Bleddyn,"A great, and fun survival zombie game that lets you find and build a survivor community. It drags you into the story as your rescue more survivors, forage for food, and make tough decisions from how to deal with rapists to whether you should bring an infected survivor into the shelter.Unfortunately, you finish the game around 50, and are stuck with another 50 rounds of monotony. It's game that drags on.. and on... and on. Leaving you to ask ""WHEN WILL THIS END?!""And so you spend multiple more hours slogging through days so that you can get to an ending that is the most anticlimatic ending I've ever seen. A one page dialogue screen which I wont spoil (although it's already terrible enough).Starts off strong, ends with a swift kick in the balls and the middle finger."
76561198118097343,Recommended,239840,14197515,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,booster654,"I loved this despite its flaws. No bells and whistles and felt like an old 8 bit adventure where the atmosphere came from the writing plus you had to use your imagination instead of relying bombastic gfx. The writing and dialogue is where this stands out. All of the characters are individuals and prompt a range of emotions. Some are hilarious and some down right infuriating.The turn based combat is simple but varied enough to work out elaborate attacks especially when you start to obtain decent weapons and armor.The managment and building side to the game are great and really add to the involvement.I've read a lot about its bugs but all I encountered were some side missions not ticked off the board.All in all its simply a great adventure which, for me, smacked of the right kind of nostalgia. It reminds me of what made GTA Vice City so great. No single aspect stood out, except the writing in the this case, but everything came together to make a thoroghly enjoyable and remorable experience. 10/10 for me.Oh, and the endings. Well I loved both of them. This is the most memorable game I've played in a long long time."
76561198068147925,Recommended,239840,13800407,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Frishhawk,"**Edited my review.  See the bottom of it for my update.Going to start by saying that I love this game.I followed this game for a while, and saw so many complaints about bugs and the like in the other reviews for it.  At 40 hours in, I've only had 2 crashes, and one bug where I got stuck on an object which necessitated reloading my last save.  Not bad, I say.The price was a little high for this old school, low graphic kind of game, but I don't regret buying it at all.  I figure 2 hours of my pay went to this, and I've got 20 times that in entertainment so far, so it's a damned good deal.While not overwhelmingly dark, this game has ts moments.  The story, and the horrors you see in your explorations, are what you would expect.  The humans are the real enemy, not the zombies.  Killers, looters,♥♥♥♥♥♥gangs, etc. are a constant reminder that humanity truly has fallen.I highly recommend Dead State.  Don't let the previous reviews with all of the negativity about bug issues put you off.  You'll kick yourself for waiting.**  Alright, so yeah, I've discovered some more bugs that, while annoying, haven't ruined the game.  First, there are some goals on the To-Do List that I've accomplished, but aren't being checked off.  I've been asked to go to specific locations, have done everything there is to do there, but they've not been checked off.  Second, one of the Steam Achievements seems to be fouled up.  Give 25 luxury items to survivors.  I've given out about double that, if not more, and it stopped counting long ago.  Third, on one of the maps, I can only take a party of 3, rather than 4, if I want to pass a certain part.  It's a shopping mall, with offices above, and in one of the staircases, only 3 people can fit.  That's a bit of a pain, as there are some tough mofos up there.A pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ surely, but I still recommend the game.  Hopefully these issues get fixed soon."
76561198013267998,Recommended,239840,13826417,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,thamchongy,"Dead State is a very unigue, one-of-its-kind, single-player RPG set in a zombie-apocalypse environment. It has many interesting NPCs with different stories, strengths and weaknesses, that will keep players entertained throughout the game. Its turn-based combat system is old school, but challenging and even nail-biting at times. The foraging and base managing systems set a new standard for zombie-themed games, with hundreds of different items that can be consumed or used in many ways.  Overall, this is a MUST-PLAY game for all who are interested in zombie-themed games."
,Recommended,239840,13679533,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ray,"In the spirit of Xcom.  This turn based RPG is a bit rough around the edges and is entertaining at the same time.  In my short playtime so far it has crashed several times.  The UI/Controls are a bit wonky with the iso view being just slightly not flexible enough to get a good view.  The upgradeable base and morale and stocking the supply larder with basics + luxury items is brilliance.  Lots of fun there and the raids into town/pharmacy are fun and tense.  Despite some roughness this is a worthwhile purchase I think.  time will tell if it has the staying power but it does appear to have enough in it to keep a zombie fan busy for awhile.The weapon variety seems good (melee, guns and even a tazer)  Ammo is reasonably sparse making you treasure every shot and the action point based movements are a tried and true method to force good use of tactics.  Skills for the individuals matter and make a difference on how you will approach any specific situation and the sound mechanic is pretty cool. Using the firearms or bashing through a door is likely to draw attention .... is it worth it?  These sorts of tactical decisions make playing fun and engaging.Get it on sale if you can and it's even a better deal."
76561198122949349,Recommended,239840,16428082,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,gr8.rick,"This game scratches an itch that few others can even come close to. Many games claim that ""choices matter"" in it, but this game actually proves it.Staying out an additional hour scavenging for a few extra cans of food could mean the future of the shelter, but you run the risk of one of your crew getting infected the longer you stay out. You can save everyone you come across, but that just creates additional mouths to feed, meaning scavenging becomes even more important.Loved the characters, each one felt like a real person, even the cliched archetypal characters (nerd, goth, redneck). The subleader system makes it manageable to keep people happy, while still feeling like the people matter."
76561198003638331,Recommended,239840,15866674,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,lodjur,"This game have a simple yet beautiful grafical design which might/might not suit everybody. The gameplay although is complex in the best meaning of the word. Every problem you face in you strive for survival can be solved in a lot of different ways and you are encourage to use your imagination to find your best solution in the given circumstance. The story is golden. I would like to thank the scriptwriter for the excellent designed plot and the way it's connected in the sandbox game setting, a very few game have done that correctly. The character portraits is also excellent with their personalities and relations.I haven't played a game this good, and by good I mean a game who knows what type of game it is, since Deus ex, Fallout 2 and Grim fandango. I'm happy to say that I have a new addition to my favorites!"
76561197997243067,Recommended,239840,13822391,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,HazMann,"I have a very strong Love/Hate relationship with this game.  I love it because it is turn-based, concerns surviving the Zombie Apocolypse, and has RPG elements.  I hate it because it is just too <expletive deleted> addicting, which sometimes ensures my Monday mornings at work are impacted by my lack of an adequate amount of REM sleep.Is it perfect?  No, but what game is?  And remember, this is just a game, a means of entertaining yourself.  Apparently, I have not spent enough time in-game to encounter all these bugs that are generating so much drama in the forums.  Regardless, if I find any bugs, I plan to communicate with the devs in hopes of fixing them, not go whining to the forum flamewars (grow up peeps).I strongly recommend Dead State to those of you who like turn-based RPGs in a Zombie Apocolypse setting that incorporates group behavior and relationship management in addition to combat and exploration.  It is a challenging game and I look forward to many more (>100) hours of play.  Thatz a great value in my opinion..."
76561198015089986,Not Recommended,239840,21243799,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,IllCaesar,"The game has solid writing but just about everything else about the game its underwhelming to mediocre to downright boring. It can be a trudge to get through the game and I found myself playing through long periods of boring and/or frustrating gameplay to get to short spurts of good writing. You see my playtime count? That is one playthrough, that is me being careful like you're supposed to and stretching out viable resources - what you're supposed to do. There are just far, far too many problems with the gameplay to list them. There's even major, recurring issues outside of combat and they too are too numerous to list. While the shelter functions almost perfectly you'll encounter glitches and bugs that make the game tiresome and even disrupt combat frequently. Aside from that bugginess there are a plethora of questionable gameplay decisions outside of it. Zombies are terrible enemies for an isometric RPG and don't work well as antagonists for numerous reasons. Tie in that the game is so glitchy with the turn order I can't tell if they're supposed to be fast zombies or slow zombies and the main antagonists of the first half of the game are just really frustrating to deal with. The game isn't well balanced for the second half of the game, which is further hurt by extreme bugginess. The writing is quite good but you only usually get exposed to it at the beginning of each day. While there is environmental storytelling in most areas, with even some events in progress, its not enough to fill the gaps.The gameplay is just too much of a chore for me to recommend the game for its writing, which while good isn't so good its worth trudging through the rest of the game for. The game would've been recommended if it had the gameplay of a title like State of Decay but since 90% of the game is average to downright tedious and boring I cannot recommend it, not even for a Steam sale. I got it on such a sale for $9 and while I don't regret my purchase I don't believe I could recommend it to others."
,Not Recommended,239840,14854887,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,kevthemagnificent,"I was really excited when this game came out of Early Access- I like me some turn-based combat, and I'm a big fan of zombie survival as a setting.Sadly it didn't really all come together, although it's not a complete flop- I think 4/10 is a fair score.The game is spoiled by a combination of weird design choices and horrible bugs.Design: The armour system makes no sense. No sense at all. If you wear the heaviest armour, you are literally invulnerable to all damage. You can wade into crowds of zombies, or even humans armed with assault rifles, with 0% possibility of death. Goodbye suspense. Also, boy o boy is the combat pretty boring if you're waiting for a dozen zombies to drag themselves over to you, and god forbid you start off with the wrong team-member in a crowded area- get ready to skip turns until it's the turn of the guy in front.Bugs: I let a few patches go in and decided to give the game another chance. I spent about an hour clearing out a block of houses and looting. The last zombie on the map got stuck in a closed doorway to the room I was in, leaving my team stuck in a bedroom for eternity. This kind of thing is not uncommon. Also, if you aren't able to design a multi-floored building without having players stuck in combat with enemies on different floors that they can't see, stick to bungalows. (I cleared the entirety of the hospital one zombie at a time without ever being able to leave combat)So yeah. Nice try, but pretty much ♥♥♥♥ed it up in the execution."
76561198007425226,Recommended,239840,13681859,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dhobz,Some bugs still but pretty decent gameplay. Tip: Save often ....Another Tip: If you find a house/area with looters and want to get rid of some...go lay down a mine..then toss a firecracker to lead one of them onto the mine....one might die and the noise lures zombies to them...then..profit!
,Recommended,239840,14056700,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,cheado,"I was sceptical of this game at first. Not thinking I would enjoy the turn based and open world combination, but thankfully I took the plunge and brought this game. I love it! The story is pretty darn good, the characters are interesting and I find the 'Crisis Events' a nice change. I wouldn't say I've got a great computer, but the game runs fine. I see the odd bug here and there but nothing that makes the game even remotely difficult or unbearable to play. It's a solid recommendation from me."
76561198031820408,Recommended,239840,15910678,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,RK Skuller,"Great game !!!!! This game is about the only thing I found to a zombie, survival, base builder/Manager sim out there.This game has the social tough choices similar to "" State of decay "" with a more important role in balancing upgrading your base with providing man power towards improving morale.*********Things You should know*********Combat in the game is turn based exploring and out of combat moving is not-The combat system in this game allows you to do many of the things you would do if lets say zombies were real. For example:You enter a block with a large Super Store, the path to the uber-lootable building is blocked by numerous zombies and obstacles that could hide even more zombies but luckily you had adopted an intelligent german shepard police dog. So you get the dog to lure the zombies in front of the building down an alley to the side of the building then returns once it lost the horde. now to enter the building, you decide to best leave your dog in front of the building to guard/alert you should the horde come back. The store is loaded with supplies that you so very much need. You round a corner and get pounced on by a zombie luckily your other compadrae was right behind you and sledge hammers the zombie in the back of the head before you became a torn open meat bag. Now you carry on with looting the building and come to an office door you open the door, axe in hand ready to fight a possible zombie only to find a looter aiming a gun right at you.He fires shooting right past your head. you duck back away from the room where the crazed gun man resides. Seconds later you hear pounding on an emergency exit where your pooch had lost the horde on the back alley of the building. They heard the gun shot. You and your partner high tale it out of there as the door busts in from the weight of the horde. The looter is now trapped in the room struggling to stay alive. You are half way out of the building as you hear moans and gunfire in your wake. You meet up with your loyal pup and flee the store now once again claimed by the dead.-That is the sort of game play I love about Dead State I give it  5 out of 5"
76561198056019702,Recommended,239840,33487562,Posted: 12 July,all,ephemeraltoast,"I loved enough about this game to play it all the way to the end, but it has some major flaws and it's not for everyone. It has a lot of heart, but like the zombies you fight in it, it's missing some brains.Easily the best thing about the game is the writing. You will meet 40-50 strongly drawn individuals in a full playthrough and, as the leader of your shelter, you will need to manage their concerns, demands, and occasional breakdowns via individual interactions and through more collective decision-making known as ""crisis events."" This is great stuff. You'll constantly feel the tension of having to manage so many conflicting personalities in order to keep everyone safe, fed, and what now passes for comfortable. Resource management is also a critical part of the game--at least in the beginning. Assigning people to various tasks in the shelter to best use their skills and your scarce resources is an engaging challenge, compounded by the fact that many of your shelter inhabitants have strong preferences about how much danger they or someone they love should be in. Base management and personality management are very strongly merged and if you like that sort of thing, you'll love this part of the game.Unfortunately, the other major part of the game--scavanging and combat--is much less strong. First of all, ignore any comparisons to X-Com you might see in the promo materials. Combat here is nothing like X-Com; there isn't even a cover mechanic. If you are looking for a deep tactical experience, you will not find it here. It's frustrating because there is a lot of wasted potential. For instance, there is a ""noise"" mechanic in which using louder (and more powerful) weapons, like guns, will draw more zombies to your location. In the early game, this is very dangerous, but you can also use it to your advantage by luring zombies to attack human foes. You feel pretty badass the first time you manage to pull it off! Unfortunately, zombies pretty quickly become unthreatening once you find any decent armor, and they never ""evolve"" or become any more dangerous. Yet you will be fighting those same zombies throughout the entire game.This problem is compounded by the fact that every zombie on the map takes its turn at the SAME TIME, regardless of whether you have aggroed it or not. So aggroing even ONE zombie, when the typical map can have 30-50 of them, means sitting there for 10-20 seconds while the game processes the turn of every zombie on the map who is not doing anything but standing around picking its nose. It turns what should be an incredibly brief and decisive battle against a completely unthreatening single foe into an agonizing waiting game. And the game lags horribly while this is happening. It is excruciating, and you may find yourself intentionally aggroing every zombie on the map by being as loud as possible just to get it over with. So what should have been an interesting combat mechanic soon becomes merely a tool to bypass the irritations of the game engine.It's also worth noting that if you scavenge every day (and there is no reaosn not to), the nail-biting scarcity of the early game quickly passes and by mid-game you will find yourself swimming in food and supplies, even if you take in literally every survivor that you find, as I did. I thought that playing this way would force me to make harder and harder decisions about how to keep this ever-growing number of people safe and fed, when in fact having more people in the shelter makes the game easier, as you will more quickly be able to complete upgrades that produce more food and parts for you. Soon enough, I actually ran out of useful things for survivors to do around the shelter, and most of them spent their days enjoying the seemingly endless bourbon and bon-bons I was scavenging up for them.And for whatever it's worth: at least one major and obvious ending was scrapped from the game, and the one I got was lackluster, to say the least.So that's Dead State. It has a lot to recommend it, but a lot of problems too. If I could give it a sideways thumb, I would--but since I was willing to put up with its flaws because I really enjoyed the good parts, maybe some other people will feel that way too. If you want an open world with strong characters, interesting decision-making, and base management that is engaging for at least half of the game, give it a shot. If you hate reading and want deep tactical combat and a game engine that doesn't feel like it's held together with string and tape, give this one a miss."
,Recommended,239840,14418222,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,El Clasico,"So far, ive enjoyed this game alot, sure there are some bugs, but they are getting dealt with one by one, great game!"
76561198013134640,Not Recommended,239840,13274754,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Walter,"The game is very basic. The graphics are not that great, the gameplay is weak, the music is horrible, I do not think this is a $30.00 game at all. Perhaps $15.00 maybe. I honestly don't even know if the game is complete. If I could do it all over again I would have spent my money on a better more worth while game!"
76561198079549572,Recommended,239840,13936650,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,{CG}Pepsiattic,"one of the best early acess games I have played, and it has a great level of dificualty to it just trying to keep everyone alive."
,Recommended,239840,29473809,Posted: 24 January,all,koral06,"I really loved this game. It's a turn-action based game where you must lead a group of survivors using an old school as your new base. You can upgrade some parts (including the school itself), weapons, armor, etc. The survivors you pick up have small storyllines that you can follow. Gain favor with fellow survivors, and take an exploration party out.There are small things that would greatly improve this game, or make me buy a Dead State 2 if they ever came out with it. I would like it if you could send a party out without including yourself. I picked to up my science perk (which is great for disarming alarms, but that's the only benefit for an active party character), which would be far more useful at base making antibiotics or other stuff. Also, it would be nice to have more upgrades throughout the game. It maybe took me a couple weeks to upgrade the entire school then I had to wait a long while to beat the game.Also it can be buggy at times...sometimes these bugs are useful for combat but for example the zombies not near me taking forever to have a turn was annoying.Overall, still a good game. Takes a good amount of time to beat. Might wait for the sale, although I do with pretty much every game."
76561197971812070,Recommended,239840,28917500,Posted: 1 January,all,numsei,"This game is massive, took me almost 100 hours to finish, love zombie games and this one is in my top 5in this game you will manage a shelter with survivors, at first... just you and a few people, but as time passes and exploration of the game map unfolds, new people come to populate your modest safe spacemanagement of the shelter consist of what you choose to construct (area for relaxation, laboratory, etc), you need certain equipments to initiate the construction, you can find those by looting areas that you can discover in your map. later in the game, after certain structures are build, you have access to special and modification equipment (sniper rifles, nerve gas nades, specialized armor, etc)NPC that join your shelter all have their own personality (watch out for psychos and just plain losers) and you can choose to pick them to form your scavenger party or just leave them working on the shelter, all those people evolve as time passes, invest their own skill/stats points, sometimes they even come to you for counsel and gain new traitstheres load of drama on the shelter, sometimes crisis emerge and you need to step up and resolve it with others sub-leaders that people tend to follow inside your shelter, people can get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by your leadership and just plain leave (well...there can happen others bad things besides just ""leave"")obviously, you will clash with zombies, but there are others factions too, human ones, like gangs and other nasty surprises that i wont spoil hereoverall, this is an excellent game, one of the best i played last year (2016)"
76561198072204200,Recommended,239840,14133240,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,HomerJT,"It actually a good game to play! If you look past its low quality apperance and pretty bland characters, this game can be very tense and difficult at times.This is the sort of game I've wanted for a while actually; a zombie RPG, with its gameplay closely related to the older Fallout games. To make the game even better is that it is tense. Zombies are a piece of cake, but an armed mob of humans? The survivor politics is also another good feature of this game, as the choices you'll make can have dire consequences on your group and can lead to some pretty bad results if your leadership is bad. I recommend this game to anyone who either likes zombies (obviously), the old-school RPG games like the first two Fallouts and Torment Planescape and anyone who really likes survival horror and challenging games"
,Not Recommended,239840,20979637,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Aaruman,"Even being a fan of turn-based games, Dead State only scrapes being a passable game to play if you have nothing else to do. There are a few good aspects, though the negative aspects overrule a lot of the enjoyment which could be had.Good Aspects:- The micromanagement of each person in your shelter and prioritising finite resources is satisfying- Unique survivor perks and characteristics which adds a bit extra decision making when deciding on a team- The leveling up system is odd, but appears to function fairly well, allowing you to scale well relative to the dangers of the outsideBad Aspects:- Combat - At the start combat seems ok, but the further in the slower, more tedious, and painfully boring it gets. During each turn of combat, the queue of characters will cycle through the entire list of characters on the map until it gets to a relevant character/zombie/etc participating in that combat. With the larger, more zombie-populated maps, I was sitting up to roughly 15-25 seconds per round simply waiting for the queue to cycle to the relevant zombie. Plus, when a zombie is in the combat area, but unable to reach a player, it will stand there for 5 seconds or so, letting out a bored groan, mimicking my own, made worse again when 4-5 zombie were bottlenecked.It may not seem like a lot, but if combat has as little as 4 or so rounds, I am essentially waiting triple or quadruple the length of time than is actually necessary to finish combat. And, the more you play and the harder areas you get to, the worse the issue.- Descriptions - You will need to use Google. A lot. Descriptions of the various skills, leveling system, and user interface are very poor, meaning you will either need to have a second monitor with a wiki page helping you understand the basics for the first several hours, or you will be re-loading previous saves after realising you screwed your character up.- Bugginess - While not the worst game bug-wise, there were many instances of characters occupying the same cell and making it difficult to issue certain commands, a few times I was attacked by 'invisible' zombies, which only appeared during the second round of combat, and there were a few crash to desktop moments, though I can forgive this.In short - big problems, which could be quite simply fixed, potentially raising the score from 4/10 to 7.5/10."
,Recommended,239840,15820455,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Pandora Fay,"Recently updated with bug/crash fixes, combat overhaul, new areas and a ton of other stuff. Get it, get it now."
76561198014172199,Recommended,239840,13542775,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Lentobombe,"The game is pretty fun, but it still have some bug. At ""release"", however, it was a lot worst, but now it's fine to play, even if some problem still occur from time to time."
,Not Recommended,239840,13495468,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mike,TLDREarly Release Game : Tons of fixes need to be made.
,Not Recommended,239840,13248449,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Pady,"Absolutely buggy. Try to run and open door = Crash, try to loot = Crash. Walking around normally, BLACK SCREEN OF DEATH. Can't play without crashing. Lost a hour of gameplay. HORRID."
,Recommended,239840,30309751,Posted: 3 March,all,Lumberjack,"Fair warning:Yes, it is buggy (you can screw up some quests / side stories).Yes, it has major flaws (I love the concept of the round based fighting system, but it simply sucks! Fighting zombies gets really tedious. Especially that you have to wait up to 20-30 seconds(!) every round on some maps with a lot of zombies, because the game has to go through every single zombie on the map - not only the ones you are actually fighting against).Yes, it simply feels rough and unfinished sometimes.BUT:I love it and in my opinion it's still the best zombie survival game out there.The story, world and atmosphere are great.It makes fun to explore all the different locations.There are a lot of interesting and fun characters to recruit (and fight).Building up your shelter, dealing with crises and keeping all survivors happy to keep your leader position... it's everything I ever wanted in a zombie survival game.Please, make an improved Dead State 2, I'll be paying three times the price of this game :-)"
76561198005029213,Not Recommended,239840,13580651,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,EchoCharlieDelta,"Don't, just wait until it is patched. Don't go near that buy button just yet. This game is still half cooked. I've played enough of it to know that although it is a great game, in time, right now save your money. Come back and visit once in a while to check how it is going, but the game still suffers from a range of issues.The game still plays out like a static puzzle game where you will start repeating the same cycle of 'grinding' time and time again. There is nothing dynamic in the game world, your memorable moments will be far and few between. So many parts of this game are underdeveloped and simply tacked on, yet all of them could benefit from more development time and just some more tuning. The combat is simplistic, pre-2000 RPG games had better mechanics for combat, whilst the narrative and character progression is just so thin.Dead State will either become a great game a year from now or it'll be a developer-myth about great ideas with poor execution."
76561198026524724,Not Recommended,239840,13685933,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Wandring,"I love this game, but I really can't recommend it in general.I've never loved and hated a game at the same time as much as this... *sigh* I wish it was better. It's a slow burn and starts to shine some hours in, it oozes atmosphere and thoughtfulness, but DANG is it dull sometimes. All the freedom and characters and options are great, this game is meant to be played with you living with your mistakes and feeling the weight of decisions, but all the glitches will have you quick saving every couple of minutes. I keep coming back, I enjoy it a lot, but if you aren't absolutely sure Dead State is for you, then it probably isn't."
,Not Recommended,239840,20129797,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Asparagus Kid,"It's just not fun.  Plays like something from 15 years ago.The Last Stand - Union City has more base building depth, is more fun, and it's free.Dead State forces you out on EVERY mission - no sending teams out to do something unless you're a part of them.  This diminishes the feeling of being a leader and makes the gameplay quickly repetative, which might not be so bad except that the combat is so boring.Zombies and looters will single you out EVERY time.  This makes it hard to keep your health up and makes it unenjoyable to be forced to go on the missions.The base management is unenjoyable and essentially plays like a worse version of free web games.  Everything feels flat and uninspired.I can't overstate how slowly this game moves.  There aren't any parts of it that I find fun.  It would be more exciting to just read a good zombie novel."
,Recommended,239840,15272031,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,RMP,"HIGHLY RECCOMENDED!The good: Excellent zombie sandbox game with among many other things, elements of RPG and Turn Based Combat.I bought this when it was early and very incomplete and had high hopes for it to become something special...which I am pleased to say in many ways it has. For a huge zombie fan like myself, this game is something i've always hoped for. If an editor ever gets released, this game will be a without question must have for anyone who enjoys the zombie genre. A lot of freedom to explore and even the freedom to run your survival shelter like a total prick.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at a couple of your lazy sub-ordinates? Take em out in the field and perhaps they will have an...unfortunate run in with the undead out there. Nice little storyline that doesn't really get in the way of exploring the overall game itself.The bad:  Unforgiving. Your first run in with hostile survivors will make it very evident that you just might be outmatched and outgunned. Missing a shotgun blast at point blank range...with your last 2 shells...yeah that just happened. Can become a bit repititious as well, as some locales appear to be just more of the same stuff you've already seen. Prepare to save and reload often.Keep in mind you can bring up console commands to give yourself a bit of an edge. This game will not hold your hand.Again I am a huge zombie fan and gamer from way back....and this game took me away from a very modded State of Decay for a nice bit of time...which says a lot. This one is worth a buy for sure if you love gaming and the living dead."
,Recommended,239840,26615846,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[UPV] Zenpei,"I followed this game with great anticipation for a good chunk of time. After I had read about it in a Gaming magazine back in mid 2010 I was thrilled to hear about a Zombie game with base management elements. I have not been disappointed.The gameplay is absolutly for the more hardcore zombie fans as it's clunky animations and turn-based combat system allows for some criticism. However it's good. It is worth 20€ for what it is.The graphics are not to be amazed over but the quality of the smoothness when it runs is worth some degree. I have seen games with worse graphics that ran like a stick in the mud.That said I love the attention to detail. If you are low on food and get a really good haul of it you will see in your pantry the massive amounts of food displayed. There will be close to nothing if you have close to no food. However have your stocks full and the pantry looks like a fully stocked super-market.DoubleBear productions are worthy of some praise as the game kept me going. I have replayed the early-mid part of the game several times and I'm pleased. The options to craft your own backstory in the beginning is somewhat good but the dialouge options could feel heavy at times.The cutscenes are nothing new or impressive as they just teleprot characters to an area to have them setup for dialouge. However the written story gives each and every NPC character. I was sure some NPC would be a minor leader but was not and some reactions of other NPCs were great. I personally loved tormenting the poor priest when he crossed my decision at one point by forcing him to do something he did not want to. That is great for immersion and for roleplaying.However the sound is very simple but it works for the setting, it won't go down like a piece of art. However it works none the less.The only true complaint I have is the RNG as it can sometimes ♥♥♥♥ you over and the AI system. So first things first. The construction and resource system. I do not like that certain upgrades feel so ""limited"" such as the garden part. I can easily imagine more outdoor areas get turned into growing areas. So there could be an update for that. The resources gained can vary very heavily sometimes and that can lead to weird situations when the need to upgrade is high. I have had the unlucky time of never being able to get the highest upgrade for the wall in one of my many playthroughs. The RNG does however what an RNG should.The AI system can be very frustrating at times. I can setup a trap for raiders to stumble into a herd of zombies only to ahve the dead attack me instead. Same goes for raiders being so extremly dumb as they make continoues fire of thier firearms to attract over 100 zombies to the map. That♥♥♥♥♥♥is dangerous. They should know that and they should use firearms as a last resort. But the system does not allow it.Overall, I love this game. It's one of the few good games that truly explores what an zombie apocalypse would be about. Yes there are zombies. But people are the biggest danger."
76561198036943999,Not Recommended,239840,35258092,Posted: 28 September,all,SamuraiJones,"This game really does an excellent job of capturing the adventure of leading a ragtag group of zombie apocolypse survivors. Unfortunately, it also captures the tedium of a managing the established settlement that those survivors eventually evolve into.This game is a zombie survivor base-building game. It's got all the features. Resource management, job assignments, base building, structural upgrades and repairs. It's got character levelling and growth options, personal needs and beliefs, both base moral and individual moods, as well as scripted but belivable character interactions. There's even some reasonably sophisticated politics that reacts to situations. Random events, situations with multiple options. Base defense, exploration, scavanging, fighting zombies as well as various human groups (each with their own unique equipment and personality). Plenty of features, the majority of them done quite well.That said, there are many aspects of the game that are just frustrating. Base management is a pain. You control a character and he/she can only control aspects of the base from certain locations. So there's alot of running back and forth between rooms to tweak the aspects of the base. Alot of scanning the halls, looking for the one character so you can deliver your quest item. You can't access character screens unless they're in your party and outside the base, and you can only access inventory screens from a single place in the base. Items can get lost in players inventories, forcing you to regularly go through characters inventories one at a time, to see if they're carrying anything important.The missons suffers from a major problem, in that it has realtime sneak/explore/loot mode and a turn-based fighting mode, and transitions are handled very poorly. The instigator of combat gets initiative, which makes it a huge tactical advantage to be able to control position, timing and agro as combat starts. Unfortunately, the transition to and from turn-base isn't handled well, so most of the challenge is learning to navigate the transitions.An example I struggled with many times at first: you'll be sneaking up behind a zombie, then you trigger turn based combat and move your first character a a little closer... but you didn't get close enough for him to see you. There's no agroed zombies, so combat automatically ends. The game returns to realtime and immediately the team regroups with the first member, alerting the zombie to their presence as they do so. Now combat restarts with your whole team in different positions, and since the zombie ""started combat"" he gets initiative like you're being ambushed. Now he turns and takes a big bite out of that first survivor, possibly infecting him, and now you may have to spend the rest of the game (maybe 40 hours?) making sure he's got a steady supply of medicine so he doesn't turn.A different kind of frustrating... the combat is slow. On a big map, you might sneak up and attack one zombie, but the combat system has to process the 50 other zombies all over the map (who are just standing around cuz they're across the map and haven't agroed yet). It's like we're playing a 1998 strategy game... the PC's turns tend to be five times as long as yours when nothing is happening. And if there are enemy survivors are fighting zombies somewhere across the map... then you have to wait for all the animations even though you can't see them. Tactically it's a win, but it takes soooooo long.Camera angles are bad too. You can spin the camera but not adjust the angle, and walls are high and ceilings don't always disappear when you want them to. I had one battle where we fought under a gas-station canopy where the canopy wouldn't disappear, so I just had to keep spinning the cameara, trying to get a glimpse of what was happening underneath. Thin halls and cramped rooms are difficult as well.Last gripe: Late in the game, zombies become trival enemies, but their bites can infect survivors, which is an incurable catastrophy. But if you've gotten to this point, you know how to be careful. It's not hard, it's just slow and tedious. Going through a suburb, stealth killing one zombie at a time for routine scavenging operations is mind-numbingly boring, but such a big part of the game.Anyway, all that said, pretty much everything I haven't complained about is very good. Challenging combat is fun. You need to pick your battles, as different groups have different tiers of equipment. I'll never forget the first time my squad bumped into a pair of Coyote gangsters. It's still terrifying bumping into military defectors squads with my zombie-equipped scavanging team. Monitoring your food and medicine levels is always a little tense, and it's a rush of relief when you find that rare stash of supplies. You love dumpsters, hoping for rotten fruit and scrap wood. Finding a AK47 is not nearly as satisfying as a 10lbs bag of beans (Or that time I found the twinky factory and carried back 120lbs of twinkies and raw sugar. Not sure if they'd worship me or crucify me).I'm much more patient than most gamers, but this one was too much for me. If you want to finish this game, it will take an extremely patient person (or at least someone who is committed to finishing it, regardless of whether they enjoy it). On the other hand, some people probably play the start, but set it down when it becomes a sea of routine scavanging. If you think you're one of those two types of people, maybe this game is for you, but it was just too slow for me."
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,239840,34167654,Posted: 11 August,all,stuguy909,"It pains me to say that I cannot recommend this game to friends.  I absolutely enjoyed my time in development, but always wanted more.  More story, more locations, more things to build / do, etc.  However, the game ended development, and suddenly, support stopped.  This review comes years after the game as since ended all support and development.  This review will explain the game as is, long after it ended abruptly as the game's ending is.Dead State allows your to create a character in made up middle of nowhere town, Texas, do a quick air plane crash tutorial, then find yourself leading a group of survvors in a school.  There is an interesting dynamic trying to play sides, or just not giving a crap, ultimately, doing what's necessary for the group and your ability to lead.  You get a team of characters, and there is some story, and it's nice.  I spent a great deal of time weighing options, exploring, and scavenging the map for supplies.  The turnbased combat is fun, so I will not dock the review points in that area.  However, after about 10 hours or so, the game loses all story elements and becomes a grind to the finish.  What I mean by grind is, sleeping until the end because game balancing and actually finishing the story through the designated timeline never happened.After you have a decent amount of supplies and upgrade your school fort to max, there really isn't much point to doing anything.  I can send out my super SWAT team and roll through just about any challenge, boss fights included.  A little preparation and know how makes the static maps rather easy to beat on all difficulties.  So, after skipping through the last 20 days or so, the game ended just about as fast as it began.  It felt rushed, and a let down.  Having backed the game from the beginning, played the beta, then the final, I can tell you that it's a fun game, for a short time, but then ends abruptly, or just gets boring, and there's no point.There is almost zero replayability.  No bonus rounds or alternate stories.  You know what happens, and can google how to get the best endings.  Total waste of time.  For a zombie sim, it seemed promising.  During development, I loved the take on turn based zombie tactics.  However, considering Project Zomboid is still being supported, and is older than this title...the developer should be shunned for not finishing what he started."
76561198006506395,Recommended,239840,26443991,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Polymath,"Do you like zombies?Do you like turnbased tactical games like xcom?Do you like management sims?Do you like playing armchair psychologist?Building and upgrading bases?Rpgs?This game has it all, and while it doesnt do any of them brilliantly, it does them better than most others out there.And somehow makes it all work well together.The only drawback is the somewhat dated feel of the graphics and interface.The pacing is inherently slow and deliberate, there are no huge revelations to be had, just the standard catastrophes that uproot your planning at the worst possible time, constantly pressuring your skills as a leader.9/10   A must buy if you're a zombie and tbs fan."
76561198023744512,Recommended,239840,28209226,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,soundman10f,Great game. Very fun. Gives a good rpg feel to the walking dead type zombie genre. Graphics are ok but that's not what you play a top down type game for. Can be very challenging when fighting former military enemies. Lots of variety in armor and weapons though a few are far more useful then others. Its a 4.5 out of 5 for me.
76561198031521794,Recommended,239840,13989559,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,scottforehand007,"Still buggy in some places, but definitely has that ""just one more fight"" feel.  It is addicting and the tactical combat is great!   A definite for any tactical action fan and/or zombie apocalypse fan.  Definitely recommended!"
76561198103336826,Recommended,239840,15074873,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Stoerder,"The game is buggy with storylines and graphics, but its truly something different.+ Funny characters, some addicting RPG and strategy elements.+ I'm not easily immersed anymore after 35 years of gaming, but it just sucked me right in.+ Even replayed once after the patch which made things better.+ played  more than 200 hours thats about 10 cent an hour, so its worth it- Needs more end game stories- Needs more tactical functions like in XCOM"
,Not Recommended,239840,16809156,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,mrmanmanman99,"With every update, the game became worse. I tolerated it until my mouse wouldn't work. If you google their forums or post your own, the modderators and support people simply tell you it isn't their problem! Isn't their problem? My mouse works on every other game except, you guessed, Dead State.This game is worse than having no support, the dev team is actively insulting to those who have asked legitimate questions. If you don't like so many people complaining about glitches, then don't release a glitchy game.UNPLAYABLE with out my mouse, but they offer no solutions. My mouse works with other games, so I'll play and recommend other games."
76561198126330208,Recommended,239840,24064672,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Actinguy2,"This is the zombie apocalypse game that I always wished existed.  I LOVE ""anyone can die"" type games.  And for the first two weeks or so, anyone could and DID die.  The country bumpkin deputy fell first...the trucker mom and I had to abandon him as we ran for our lives from a hardware store.Then the IT nerd and the trucker mom's daughter were killed at the national park when we tried to split up to survive a horde.Then the trucker mom and the tough cop got caught in the middle of a shootout between rival gangs.  Between the gunfire and the zombies that were attracted to it, it became a blood bath.  In addition to the trucker mom and the tough cop dying, the flight attendant with PTSD got bit.  She killed herself that night.Then the televangelist got jumped...there was no way for us to get to him in time.Finally, there was nobody left except myself and a young naive farmer girl.  We were doomed.Until we stumbled onto the scene of a car wreck, where a gay former Army Ranger agreed to join our group.  That was the turning point.  Once he was on my team, things got much easier.  We still lost the occasional member from time to time, including one of my survivors murdering another one, but all in all we grew to about 30-40 survivors - each with a unique skill set, backstory, All along the way, I was making hard decisions that affected the rest of the group.   I did eventually lead the team to safety, and it definitely felt earned.I will make one complaint, and it's one you don't hear a lot:  This game takes FOREVER to beat.  A ridiculously long time.  I'd say the first 50% was a real nail-biter where I was loving every second of it.  Then the next 20% I was starting to feel a little OP, but still liking the game.  Then the last 30% becomes ""JESUS CHRIST WHEN DOES THIS GAME END???""It gets very repetitive in the last 20-30 hours or so, and every single battle...regardless of whether it's zombie hordes or major human ""bosses"", becomes a cakewalk.But even with that pacing complaint, this is still a phenomenal game and I highly recommend it for anyone who likes the feeling of the lives and deaths of dozens and dozens of characters depending on you for survival."
76561197970689944,Not Recommended,239840,12856306,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ElGuappo,"Considering turn based games have been around for decades, it's hard to explain why this one stuffs it all up so horribly. On the surface this has a lot to recommend it; recource gathering, base building, missions and more besides, and no doubt that make might for a fun game. But the combat system is so irredeemably awful it makes getting into the game a tricky notion.The typical action point system only comes into play once you're in combat so you're free to run around until then, but once you enter combat, good Lord does the game go south. For a start, you can't attack on a diagonal, which makes precisely no sense. Square on fighting is the order of the day. Secondly, there's no way to bring up a list of key commands so if you need to change view for instance, there are no on-screen icons to do it (a staple of these kind of games surely), you're kind of stuck. The whole game lacks that kind of simple clarity. Thirdly, it's too easy to batter someone on your team (why does the game allow this without at least a simple 'are you sure?' check?).As a result, once you enter combat it turns into a farce of repeated misses with whatever weapon you have equipped (early in the game you equip a weapon which doesn't show on your character who then gets advised to equip a weapon by everyone he meets before going outside - top work!), shuffling your characters around to try and get to the right square to attack and then using all your action points hitting your own team. It's just rubbish from top to bottom.It might get better and I'm certainly going to persist playing it as it seems to have genuine depth, but it's frustrating and counter-intuitive to play. I was hoping for State of Decay meets X-Com but this falls far short of that lofty aspiration.Ho hum."
76561197979834752,Recommended,239840,15151119,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Asuzu,"In the modern zombie apocalypse, you take shelter with several other survivors in abandoned school to fend off zombies and not-so-altruistic survivors.The zombie-infested modern world is depicted very nicely albeit brutal, where you can see how humanity quickly goes back to being medieval.Will you stay humane in this maddness to people around you, or become one of the predators yourself, preying on the weak and abusing everyone around you just to survive that another day?You can do all that and more in this very unique RPG game with turn based combat, strategic and planning elements and lots anf lots of dialogues.It is really hard to compare this unique game to anything, except that it has been heavily influenced by older RPG titles like Fallout.All in all, this time spent reading about the game is better be spent playing the game yourself, have fun!"
,Recommended,239840,14142816,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Eriquin,"If you like turn-based RPG's, I highly recommend this one. I played Suikoden back in the day until they stopped making it for the European market, and the replay value of Dead State is kind of like that of Suikoden: You play through, then you play through again to get things perfect. Then you set it asside and pick it up one day when you remember what a fun game it was.I love collecting the characters, interacting with them, and scavenging. Killing the zombies is fairly easy, but battling the gun-wielding humans can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥(but that's part of the fun). I like improving my headquarters and the crafting. I like how my decision making and interactions have consequences, and I like following along with people's stories. I also have to give the developers special props for not deciding for me that the main character is hetero. That was a pleasant surprise."
,Recommended,239840,13096208,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,crazymintz13,"Very hard, at least to me, but also very fun"
,Not Recommended,239840,13275262,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Malign Function,"I would really like to write a positive review for this game, sadly I cannot.The combat thus far is simplistic - at best, lacking giving any tactical advantages to combat. Unfortunately this causes the difficulty to be... excessive. I think so far I've reloaded Brady (near the beginning) around 10 times, from looking online, I'm not alone in that.The focus on melee, means that the game devolves into surrounding an enemy and hitting them. Unfortunately the human enemies seem almost super-powered compared to your guys, surviving multiple axe, bats and shotgun blasts to the face.I'll be following the game in case things like cover mechanics, crouching, overwatch get added in, but for the time being, the combat is overly simplistic, lacks difficulty options and has a number of crashes that really should have been resolved by now.A pity, it had a lot of potential."
76561198021699409,Not Recommended,239840,17632285,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,morgan-alex,"Just no.This game honestly feels like they had a beta version, went  out to lunch, and an intern accidentally released it as a full game.The combat system is mediocre, and the AI is rough. There's almost no tatical options, with the only real strategy being "" beat them on the head until dead, or run away if they're stronger than you.""The basebuilding aspect, which I was most excited for, ended up being extremly boring, with no customization. You always have the same upgrades, that do the same thing, and your base always looks the same.The writing, which they touted as a strong point, was okay at best. NPC interaction is trivial, and it feels like they had huge plans for it, but decided not to implement it at all for some reason.It was a huge buggy mess on release, and as they had an early access period to work through that, that was pretty unacceptable. They did gradually fix some of the worst bugs, but it took a long time and was a gradual process.Overall it was honestly a really disappointing game. It had promise, but failed to deliver on almost every aspect, and ended up being a pain to play."
76561198007488824,Recommended,239840,15686969,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Murigrim,"This game has really came along since I first brought it.The content within this game as it stands right now is immense.Its refreshing to play a zombie game that feels different to all the rest.If I had to compare this game to another I would say its like state of decay meets project zomboid.PROSfun random events within the game makes you feel you are really leading a group of survivorsfeels different to alot of the other zombie games out right now.varied amount of weapons.a unique skill system for characters and leveling system, you dont lvl on exp but how long your survivors last and what you actually accomplish.CONSthe game isnt complete yet but im sure it will be one day, and the content within is still atleast 50 hours worth.some bugs still noticable in the game.upgrades to the shelter run out too quickly, I would recommend making some upgrades for the upgrades for example being able to develop fertilizer in the lab for the gardenor being able to decide between muiltple upgrades that will effect how the upgrade works.right now as this stands I am giving this game a solid 7 out of 10its losing 3 points right now because of the bugs I encountered and also because its not completely finished.I highly recommend this game to zombie fans.And if you played state of decay and liked the community aspect then your gonna love this game"
76561198025920513,Recommended,239840,14232922,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,HotBasio,super challenging game
76561198131585871,Not Recommended,239840,18581855,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Eugen Bold,"Horrible lag when the player moves his character around and awkward dialog.The concept isgreat, the execution is justbad.The dialog is bearable and can still make the game interesting - going around and finding out everyone's backstory is really cool! Just some parts are bad. Namely, when people are trying to tell you that the zombie apocalypse has dawned. The introduction dialog needs to be completely scrapped and rewritten, it feels like the characters are treating me like a child the way they talk to me initially.Only 1 hour of playtime because the lag experienced while panning the screen and trying to move my character around a room was more frustrating than it was worth. I might try again when I build a new PC because I really like the strategy aspect, but right now it's just not worth the time."
76561198086987153,Recommended,239840,13583518,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jpcerutti,"WARNING: This game starts off slow and easy but the learning curve is pretty steep. Yes, killing a single zombie is a cakewalk. Yes, the shelter occupants you start with are a pretty good bunch. Yes, it seems like once you get a chain link fence up all your troubles are over.They are NOT.The game will actually let you fall pretty far behind the curve - and then murder you. It will certainly monkey wrench your plans and will make running your shelter difficult. If you are not careful people, including you, will die in one, two rounds of combat. Don't let the simplicity of the graphics or the basics of combat fool you.Play at your own risk. :)I knew I was going to spend some time with ths game when I found myself zooming in on the map so I could see the details, read the spraypainted graffiti on the wall, and try to figure out just what story was being told with the scenery in a house that was no more important to the storyline than holding three zombies to fight and a little bit of random loot.I like strategic games, I like building games, I like RPG's, and I really liked the Fallout series of games. Any game that is going to give me a dog companion (a perk available in the game) to face the post-apocalyptic future, zombie-filled or otherwise, is going to get my attention. A shelter filled with unique occupants with interesting backstories, single player combat that I have to worry about more than my current health to survive, and wanting to see what new thing happens tomorrow is going to keep my attention for a while.IF you prefer FPS/realtime over turn based games, cannot stand bugs in games, or want the latest and greatest in game graphics think twice before buying this game.IF you like games where you go back to earlier saves to try something different, unexpected ""monkey wrench"" challenges to your plans, and games that tell a story I think you'll like this one.It is a travel around an area map in search of locations for encounters kind of game that has base management, personalitiy conflicts you must settle, and a humor to it.Combat, which is turn based, isn't deep but its' different. Worrying about allies panicing, how much noise is being made, and if a combatant you thought dispatched and done with will get up again to attack you as a zombie are things I haven't had to deal with in combat before. It IS a zombie game full of zombies. Slow, simple, easy to kill one. Trying to balance noise that attracts more of them against the noise made killing them isn't as easy. Neither are the human enemies you come up against, some of which can be quite challenging the first time you meet them - especially if you are underarmed or underarmored. The variety of weapons is pretty extensive. I have three hundred hours in it and I have not tried them all with their different kinds of attacks.This is a game I have enjoyed coming back to and seeing what was improved on in every patch and update. I am willing to put up with bugs to play a good Alpha or Beta game. Why anyone would want to go back to waiting months for a patch that tries to fix everything instead of an incremental improvement/feedback loop I will probably never understand. As often as this game has been updated to fix the remaining bugs and incoroprate player suggestions I'm sure I will be playing it off and on for some time to come.Think you'll enjoy it. I did.(edited for grammar/punctuation/clarity - which yes, probably all still suck and need another patch of their own.)"
76561197972039165,Not Recommended,239840,18836031,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Penny Lee,"Wanted to like this game alot but its crap once you start playing  So many thing odd about it that makes no sense at all like a zombie will hit me twice with no weapon, just hands and they do 80hp dam, while I shoot them at point blank range twice and miss, next I am knocked on the floor and they eat me to death.  Could understand this happens once but not every dam map and starter map as well.Another example, first map quest go get drugs.  I sneak around map killed a few zombies, near use all my med kit up but made no sound.  Went into the chemist and 2 looters there, one has a gun and fires, this makes a noise and 3 zombies join in plus the two looters I finaly killed turned into zombies.  In the end they killed another char with 2 hits then eating then my turn to get hit with fits for 90hp dam then bleed to death.works out I am only doing 10% dam to zombies armed with knives, gun and such yet they kill with 3 hits, does not make any sense at all and makes it impossible to even start playing when you cannot even finish the first quest.  I have tried it with dif weapons. skills and make no difference at all.Seems like a great idea and has good maps, anims, items but lacking in any fairness of play as you start off with nothing and after a few maps end up with nothing but lost hp due to never fully healing.  You only start with 110hp and after just one minor scuffle end up dead."
,Recommended,239840,30350341,Posted: 5 March,all,gruntwork,Does the game have some bugs? Yes.Does the game offer the very best in tactical gameplay? No.Is the game fun? Yes.I think this is worth a shot if you enjoy tactical games and the idea of scrounging around looking for enough food to feed the people back home.
,Recommended,239840,13729436,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,fernando.cua,"the game breaks eventualy? yes.it have a balance deficiency on early stage? yesDoes that ruins all the fun and inovation involved on the title? NO!This is the game i thought about doing myself , cause i never founded something similar.Turn Based strategy in a Zombie Apocalipse scenario with shelter management!!!!!You did a great and inovative job, congratulations!I hope there will be thousands of sequels, cause i will buy them all!I understand that a few people wore frustrated by the early acess issues. But at this time the marjority of them have been solved, so its worth every cent!"
76561198062993968,Recommended,239840,9094617,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,MVKarma,"Even in it's simple state, Dead State is the zombie game i've been waiting for. What State of Decay should've been: A zombie survival game that places emphasis on ""Survival"". An XCOM-State of Decay hybrid, I'd recommend this game to anyone whose a fan of strategy and/or survival games. This game oozes originality and fun gameplay, you'll be immersed very quickly into a tense atmosphere where one wrong step can land you knee deep into a horde of Zombies. The only downside is it lacks a character creation, an element that would help bolster the RPG aspect of the game. Other then that, a solid game. Can't wait for it's release.***EDIT***Since the game has come into beta, I've pumped a bunch more hours into the game and have only scratched the surface of the game's depth and content. However, one issue that I was unaware of was the travelling system; whilst the game is better then a lot of triple A games nowadays, if you go beyond 12PM whilst travelling back to camp, you die. Now, that seems quite harsh, especially with the games lack of an autosave feature, relying on you to spam that F5 every few minutes. The character creation has been implemented, but it's relatively bare right now, a lot of the features being locked and still being worked on. I imagine we'll be seeing more updates to it within the next few updates.That being said, the game oozes style and creativity, and whilst state of decay was a poor comparison with this game, it's a breed on it's own; a XCOM and Walking Dead lovechild. If you love strategy, and you love RPG's that you can make your own story to, then this is the game for you.Can't wait for more updates and more content."
76561198092516170,Recommended,239840,15220500,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,William Wallace (YesScotland),"Oh, gods of this game, forgive me my previous review! This game is AWESOMEGREATSUPERÜBERAWESOME!!! Just love it! Maybe add some romance options and it would be game of the century! :D"
76561198009389368,Recommended,239840,15004593,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Sexy Lizardman,"Dead State I would say is now in my top 5 best zombie games around, even though it is still in the early stages. First would say while the game is out of Early Access, there are still quite a bit of bugs and glitches but I have not come across any game-breaking ones and the game does have an ending. But the game is still being cared for by the developers and still getting big patches and fixes every other month or so.Now that's out of the way let's start on the game. Dead State is a survival focus RPG where you play as a created character who survives a plane crash and later wakes up in a school with other survivors. The school is your main base and so the main focus is to help build it up while also going out to find supplies and other survivors to join you. It is cool that your base does change when you build upgrades and the March patch now let's survivors roam around, giving it more life-like. The only thing I do wish is more stuff you can do in the base or also the look changes based on the survivors you recruit (mainly them bringing in personal items to decorate).The gameplay outside the base is similar to games like Xcom or any squad based RPG. You go out with a max of four people and when you arrive at locations, you mostly just look for supplies while fighting off the undead and hostile living. A nice thing is you will have to use different tactics when fighting zombies then living, since the undead aren't as smart and can be dispatch faster. However the good thing is they keep it bit realistic in the sense that taking on one undead or two is easy, but taking on a big group can be deadly. The equipment in the game while plenty, sadly they are not random in stats like Diablo. Also many survivors you recruit will have different skills that can be useful both on and off the field.Speaking of survivors, Dead State is one of very few zombie games that actually get this right. By right meaning every survivors you recruit is a ""person"", a unique personality that can change on how you treat them. You will also get events involving them that also give them more of a background. Course another nice thing is nobody is safe, since the game does have permadeath on party members (though if your main character dies it's game over) that does affect morale. However if you have somebody that does get on your nerves, you can easily take them out on scavenging, kill them, and come back claiming they got eaten by undead. Also by them not being safe, they can also get infected if you're not careful. Luckily getting infected doesn't automaticly mean death in this game, as long as you have antibotics you can fight off the infection. So in a sense unlike other zombie games where other survivors are either as lifeless as the undead or there fates are already sealed, this game does them justice by actually making them people trying to survive with you.Good:-Plenty of survivors that join you, each with thier own look and personality-Lots of areas to explore-Realistic equipment-Good amount of content and lengthBad:-Still good amount of bugs-Combat can drag on little too long-Interface and menus could use some work on"
76561198063036533,Recommended,239840,14322802,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Reaper,"Excellent game so far, only played it for a few days but it has roped me in. 8/10"
76561197971724802,Recommended,239840,31802656,Posted: 17 May,all,Pontifex Maximus,"Dead Stateis more a sandbox game where you're just meant to go out exploring while recruiting people and building up your base. The places you visit -- including shopping malls, residential neighborhoods, hospitals, and even a miniature golf course -- are interesting enough, and there are also lots of items for you to find, people for you to meet, and upgrades for you to construct, so the ""4X"" elements of the game work just fine.The game is a budget title, so it doesn't contain any fancy graphics or sound. It is played using an isometric view where the camera is zoomed out far enough so you can see an entire store or neighborhood. That means there isn't a lot of detail to objects, but it's still clear what everything is and what you can do. Meanwhile, there isn't any voice acting in the game, but there are some effective music tracks and sound effects. So the graphics and sound aren't fancy, but they're perfectly functional.The fundamental issue holdingDead Stateback from the greatness: it’s trying to be a management game and a roleplaying game and a strategy game, and it ends up compromising each of those.Still, what it offers as an RPG—grounded survival drama, tough character conflicts, and generally good turn-based combat is rare enough to make it worth playing. So if you enjoy turn-based RPGs or zombie apocalypse games in general, then it's certainly a title to check out.THE GOOD- Good strategy/RPG mix- Excellent main story- Combat is satisfyingly chaotic- Tough decisions with satisfying outcomes.THE BAD- Pathfinding is awful- Repetitive gameplay- Important information can only be found in the manual8/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
76561198041042640,Recommended,239840,13659185,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dbob,"Ok, so where do I start, because I have alot to say. I think if you look at the 113 hours of play time for dead state that I have  on record, you can see that its a game that I enjoy playing thoroughly. Then I see people with 0.5 hours of play time, writing bad reviews for the game, and clearly they havent actually played the game. I find every aspect of the game to be amazing, from the base building, to the combat and discovery and group management.Does that mean that the game is without flaws? Definately not. There are things about the game that I would like to see changed in ways, but the devs did say that we can expect more patches with changes and additions. I just feel that some guy got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, and he got all his friends on board to do bad reviews on the game, atleast thats what it looks like. Show me another game where they have all of my favourite aspects in one game, eg base management, character progression, exploration, looting, the list goes on.Some people might argue that the game was taken out of Early Access too quickly. I could understand why people would be upset about that....if all the patching and content also stopped, but thats not the case. DB devs posted that continued patches and content are planned, and by the amount of patches in the last few weeks, I can see they keep their word.I've played many otehr games, games that cost more, and I've felt truly robbed by some of those whishing i could get the time and money spent back. Dead State is not one of those games.I for one, wish that there were more games like Dead State"
76561198009592080,Not Recommended,239840,16349138,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,fryet7,"I have requested my money back on this game.  I consider it an Early Access game that requires additional work.  Reasons why it is early access:Game Balancing issues:Morale Penalties are cripplingIt is easy to get injured, and you are out several days unable to collect food, so your team starves.Combat is very hard - I could forgive this if there weren't the other 2 issuesDesign:This probably won't be fixed, but they really should simplify shelter management.  Manually walking everywhere is not fun.  If you had some shelter management screens instead, it would be much better.Reason to like it:I really love the concept.  The problem is the implementation.  Maybe a year from now, they will have a more balanced game."
76561198022097772,Recommended,239840,16316956,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Kohle,"Overall the game is worth buying if you like a slow pace zombie game focused on group story survival.Cons:Combat mode just doesn't fit. It would work if battles were more group focused. Example if zombies fought in groups together so that on a map you would have maybe 3 or 4 major fights which you can fully enjoy the tactical control of the combat system. Currently, you will quickly grow bored killing sometimes one zombie at a time.. some maps have probably 50+ zombies; very mind numbing.Story:Whoever wrote this games story needs to get some real life experience. Don't get me wrong, the direction of the story is awesome but as soon as one part starts to get interesting the epic idiocy comes out in full.Examples without give out too much details:The group members do not respond as if the world just ended by a horde of zombies. They will try to take 'time off' for insane things like headaches, diarrhea, etc. You wouldn't tell your captain you had a stomach bug in the middle of a battle nor would you 'take the day off' if zombies could at any moment run the shelter over. For that matter, they all are pretty blah about the experience.Personally it feels like the designer got their sixteen year old emo kid to write the story.Despite the short falls it's still worth getting."
76561197988709901,Recommended,239840,9092839,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Sovereign_2183,"While this game is certainly in an early state, it seems impressive so far. The game is fairly simple for now, but there are a lot of features not currently implemented that will make the game much more complex. For example, there are many structures to build that show up as not being available in this demo that look like they will really expand on the gameplay. The combat is fun, and even in this early build the zombies do a good job of responding to noise in a way that doesn't make them seem either deaf or too aware of small noises. In short, if you like State of Decay, you'll probably like this game as well."
,Not Recommended,239840,9110511,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,agentc0re,"Instead of a UBER lengthy written review, I did a 16 minute video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CpIu2dTu10In it's current state, the game is lacking a story.  There is no tutorial to explain how to go about doing certain things that aren't so intutive.  Dialogue choices appear to not really matter or effect relationships in your group.  Battle mechanics are sub-par and don't feel like a traditional RPG (IE: wasteland 2, XCom, Banner Saga.. etc)In the end my hour spent in my first go through of the game was filled with frustration and ended with a slap in my face ""Thank you for finishing the game"" message when I had clearly lost.  I do not recommend you get this game now, and I would wait after final release until there is gameplay to see if it's worth it then."
76561198022518917,Recommended,239840,13530241,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Leotsu,"Great game, just buggy as all hell. Should of spent a bit more time in the oven but still rock solid. Worth buying without a doubt, but WAIT untill all the bugs are ironed out."
,Not Recommended,239840,14632660,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Jonathan B,"As much as I am enjoying this game... I think I have had about 12 crashes in 2 days... this is just ridiculous... Devs need to SERIOUSLY do bug fixing, ASAP."
76561197970675581,Recommended,239840,15120010,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,timdk25,"Excellent game, well worth the money. Highly recommend for strategy/Fallout 2 lovers."
76561198118623945,Recommended,239840,33275064,Posted: 5 July,all,Gottkönig,"Great game! One of those, that after you're bored of gaming in general, can still enjoy - which is rare from my perspective.Pros:- It's complex and it's unforgiving which is fun and challenging. The social- and base-building-related game mechanics are well performed.- The characters in the game (which it is full of) are interesting and mostly well written. They make sense when they talk to you. They are not randomized sandbox NPCs which give you quests and hail at you for completing them but the game actually spends a lot of focus on real social interaction between a good diversity of characters. There's a good soul, a preacher, people with challenging mentals stats .... even racists, rapists and murderers. And you somehow need to manage to get those people to work together. I liked that!- Going out to look for much needed ressources for the rest of the team is fun aswell. The levels to play through are basically non-generic but handmade and not too repetetive. I was surprised a lot by a variety of ideas the developers came up with in order to surprise me. The map is basically open world with a few exceptions, enabling you to make your own decissions on what would be best for your people and letting the game appear less linear which it otherwise would be.- Combat AI is okay. Not a masterpiece but totally okay.- Lot's of well written flavor texts - if you're into that.- Huge variety of items you can possibly find while scavenging.- A smart yet mostly subtile humour throughout the entire game which made me smile a lot.- Very cheap game for the time I played and felt entertained by it.- Developers had a good eye for details in general. I think you can feel that they made this game because they wanted to make a great game and not because they wanted to make the cash flow. That's probably even the biggest plus I give this game. You hardly ever see something like this from the big studios and the big titles.Cons:- To get right to the point: After the first half of the game when you scavenged enough food and supplies for the other half of the game, killed the bad guys with the best weapons which you looted and now use for yourself, the game stops being challenging and interesting. The lack of lategame content is in my opinion the biggest flaw. When no enemy gives you a tough fight anymore, you have enough food for months to come and everyone in your shelter is completely happy, the game pretty much loses it's point and becomes a ""The Sims"" clone with dead rats, some social intrigues and a whole lot of mayonnaise. All that isn't too bad becase noone forces you to actually leave the shelter and go out to look for things you allready have more than enough of but staying at home and looking at a wall is the only other option you have then.- Combat balancing is a bit off even in the first half of the game. But as mentioned above: Once you have good weapons and armor, the game lacks challenge. Have someone with the best armor and a medkit standing in front taking hardly any damage but your opponents and bring some people with big guns to kill your foes from a distance. Master that and you'll master the game. Other or similar tactics might generally work aswell. Too easy!- Bugs and crashes. Game crashes around every 10 hours on average on my system which arguably is still okay, but gave me a headtache for a few moments. Similar to bugs where I want to say that the game isn't too buggy, really, but at some points in the game really problematic. For example: Being stuck in a door after appearing in a level and bad guys immediatly shooting at you while you're stuck, unable to free yourself, unable to get to that area from another entry area, only able to fire back from inside that door and hope you win because that's the only way to unstuck yourself. Also: Enemies in similar situations. Door bugs. They are a problem.- Graphics are a bit clumsy. I personally didn't feel bad about it but thought I should mention it.- Game gave me nightmares about having to eat tons of mayonnaise in a potential zombie apocalypse. I'm dead serious about it. Dead State serious.There's no game without flaws in it on the market. Even the classic Windows Minesweeper has a few. If I break it down to my core opinion with Dead State: Reanimated, it is a good game. Mostly in the first half of playing it but then again: it's a long game! Other games I enjoyed a lot took around 7 hours maybe 20. Dead States first half is about 30 hours. Getting my point?I cleary recommend buying this if you're into the genre.Thanks to the developers for making this game, I can only imagine how much time and effort you must have spent on it and you have my respect for your work."
,Recommended,239840,34453097,Posted: 23 August,all,Arachnade,"Great game. Loved every second of it. Has a cool morale system, coupled with like 30+ unique characters and personalitys that can cause moral events. The game unfortunately had a rocky launch riddled with bugs at a bethesda scale. So the game was recieved poorly to the world. I hope the devs look at what a jewel they have here and make a sequel with a proper launch."
76561198008494931,Recommended,239840,13570313,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,KBz | Darth Meth,"Thumbs up with some reservations.    This is a slower, turn based,  lower graphics fidelity zombie game than some others but it does manage to be fun.      It seems to have some balancing issues as there isn't much challenge after the first few days or a week or so.    I'm about 30 days in (game time) and have seen only one challenging fight in weeks.   I'm just finding it tough to rinse and repeat much further given the low difficulty.EDIT: I see they did a big update at some point so this may be out of date.  Haven't played it recently"
76561198006753437,Recommended,239840,13677051,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SirOas,"Overall a pretty good game in my opinion, but I want to write about the things that is not good:Dialouge is often poorly written.Sometimes when dialouge give you choices you get the same consequence no matter what you choose. (may be bugs or to low negotiation skill, idk)Sometimes when I meet survivors I don't want in my shelter I cannot choose to not take them with me, so I have to kill them if I want to get rid of them.Stupid stupid AI.Male portraits looks extremely feminin."
,Recommended,239840,12304146,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,The Baconator (No Sound),"The game is still in Alpha and it shows with some place holder graphics. However the game is showing great promise and is already tons of fun! It is a  RGP with tatical shooter elements like Jagged Alliance. Each of the NPCs in the game have personality and balancing their wants and needs is as much of the game as killing zombies and looters. If you enjoy State of Decay, the Walking Dead and the whole Zombie Apocalypse, you will enjoy this game. I know I am. Looking forward to future updates!"
76561197991303896,Recommended,239840,26307542,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TDuke,"Old school gamers only. Immersion is hard to achieve with the clunky animations and the super basic sound design. It can be a bit annoying at times. Still, it is a decent attempt at a turn based game. I can understand why this one is not for everyone."
76561198032098470,Recommended,239840,14586861,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,enmebaragesi,"I barely ever get a chance to play video games anymore, but the new wave of truly classic RPGs are too tempting. Dead State is no exception, and did not disappoint. Yes, there were some bugs, but nothing earthshattering. What was earthshattering was the addicting gameplay, excellent writing, and general fun-ness. The only thing I'm left wanting is a slightly larger array of civilian firearms (it's Texas, c'mon), and more quests / story in the mid game. When your only gripe is 'I want more of this game', you know you've got a keeper. I'll replay it when they've added more content."
76561198059205839,Recommended,239840,14938295,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,irealys,"I've decided to write a review for this game to try to curb down the negativity around this game. I've read many reviews that claim this game is awful, unplayable, so full of bugs that it's not enjoyable and after playing 75 hours of it, I will have to disagree. I'm not saying it's a perfect game or doesn't need more work and polishing but it is still a pretty damn fine game on it's own.Now as far as bugs go, I've encontered a few but not nearly as much as other people claim there are. There was one instance of a zombie disapearing and being unattackable while still existing on the map and attacking you on it's turn and every once in a while the game crashed. But other than that I've been pretty much bug free.What I enjoy about this game? An intresting story/setup where being the leader of your group of survivor of a zombie apocalypse isn't just about mowing through wave after wave of zombies and calling it a day. Taking care of your shelter and your people can be just as fascinating. The combat while not super deep has some interesting layers with positioning, noise making and panic mixed in the simple but effective turn based combat. There are some nice RPG elements added that give some replay value and I absolutely love how you can influence certain events/characters simply by the way you treat them. I also enjoy looking at the shelter evolve with time both from upgrading it but also from smaller things (food in the pantry for example) and wish there was even more of that in the game.My biggest complaint with the game as it stands is how unbalanced it is. Maybe I've just played that type of game too often or maybe I'm too ""efficient"" for what the devs intended but after only 30 days in game all shelter upgrades were built. At day 45 I've discovered what looked like most of the locations. And because of the perks I took I had enough fuel and food to not have to care about it for another 3 months, I had enough antibiotics to be able to shower my people with them, my fence was nearly indestructible and I had enough weapons and armor to have everyone equipped, even characters I knew full well I would never take in the field and even then I was throwing weapons and armor in the recycler despite not really needing any more parts. My overall morale was so high that I think people were happier than before the zombie apocalypse. And now I had to just pass each day until sopmething else happened. And it became a bit boring at that. So I decided to make another game where I would put myself restrictions on how much and how fast I would do things. Every day I would only go on one outing for one location only. Doesn't matter that my inventory is not even half full, doesn't matter that I'm still at full health. It sure made the game go at a slower pace and makes it longer before I'm done with everything but I find it disapointing that I have to put myself these restrictions instead of the game making me take hard decisions on what I need now and what will have to wait later. (think X-Com for instance)I also have other small issues with some desing decisions (like the inability to advance to clock until after everybody is done working) but again overall it is an enjoyable game with a good concept that I hope the devs will keep polishing and making better with time.Oh and for replay value I hope one day they come up with different maps so that people who played the game don't already know where everybody is or where important things are."
76561198151450395,Recommended,239840,15111053,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Diablosian,"There still are many bugs and errors that do tend to annoy you, However I must admit I do like the game I would suggest maybe looking at youtube and watch someones playthrough then decide weather you can cope with the bugs or not. Personally I would say get it the devs seem to still be fixing things that's great. The games fun challanging. You like zombies and survival based games surivior managment then get this game.  It's kept me busy for a few hours and still have plenty of the map to explore."
76561198083728758,Recommended,239840,15140489,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Armitage,"As an RPG and ""Apocalypse-like"" scenarios fan, I must say this is a superb game. It was a while ago I gave a game this much attention and always looking forward of playing it.Don´t be fooled by the non flashy graphics. The details are all there, but not in a super classy high res version, which I am totally fine with. Its the story and the gameplay that makes this game awesome.Pros:Wide array of allies and dialogs.A bunch of things to craft.Superb apocalyptic atmosphere, but still with some hope, which I rarely feel in other games like this.Open world.Easy to start, hard to master :)Cons:Still some annoying basic bugs in the game.The map could be bigger.More crafting and upgrades of the shelter would be nice."
76561197999112518,Recommended,239840,15309629,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,zyzz,"Dead State is clunky, buggy and slow near the end. It's also one of the best indie games I've played this year. A post-apocalyptic zombie game where fighting zombies is the least of your troubles, your task is to keep a shelter of ragtag survivors afloat. This means keeping it secure by building/maintaining your wall and posting guards. Keeping your food and water supply going by looting abandoned buildings (or unabandoned ones), building a well and gardens, and raising chickens. Trying to keep your food refrigerated (and stop your survivors from rioting) by keeping a steady supply of fuel for the generator. Dealing with the other surviving factions, either through ""diplomacy"" or force. And so on...There is a fair bit of combat, but for most battles, it's a matter of chugging through and killing everything so you can loot the map. In most cases, either your party is properly-equipped for a combat scenario (in which case you will eventually win) or it's not (in which case you will lose, probably quickly). This is a big reason the game feels slow nearing the end: you know you can kill everything, so now you need to chug through and do it. This is especially true for the zombie maps, since a ""hard"" zombie map is just one with a lot of zombies on it. Human enemies will wipe the floor with you in the early days, but by the end game, there are only a few encounters in the game that will give you any real difficulty. Even some of the scariest-looking ones are actually quite easy with decent equipment. So it's the shelter management aspect where the game shines.In Dead State, you have a great deal of control over all aspects of the shelter's management. You're not only responsible for meeting those basic needs (food/safety/electricity/morale) and assigning work duties, but also internal and external diplomacy. You choose which survivors to recruit, how to deal with other groups of survivors, how to deal with the various cliques in your shelter, and what to do about criminals and other crises. There are a lot of different ethical choices to make that don't boil down simply to ""plus karma"" or ""minus karma"" like many other games. Is it more wrong to turn away a survivor that you know is useless, knowing they will die, or to let them in and risk starving everyone in the end due to lack of food? What about attacking other camps for fuel to keep your shelter from falling apart? Does it matter if they are ""bad guys""? What counts as a ""bad guy"" and are you sure you aren't one? :)Anyway, despite the bugs I thought it was worth every penny. There is a free demo available, which is the full version of the game with a limited number of days, and if you like the demo, you can carry your save over, so if you're curious there's no reason not to try it out."
,Recommended,239840,15067435,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,teros001,"I recommend this game with a few reservations.First, it's not for everyone.  The game can be very repetitive.  Managing a group of survivors and locating resources to build and feed everyone sounds fun, but what it amounts to is little more than going from one area to another, clubbing everything to death, and putting all their food/fuel/ammo in your inventory.  Then doing it over and over again.Second, the combat is not very good.  I found it poorly paced.  There is a very basic early game, middle game, and late game, but the jumps between them seem don't transition well.  It's all based on armor, really.  Having better armor suddenly makes you immune to so much damage.  Combat pretty much boils down to doing the same thing over and over again, with very few interesting mechanics.Third, the game is not paced well.  This goes hand-in-hand with repetitive.  There are very interesting storylines and elements, but there are large bouts of nothing followed by sudden bursts of activities, particularly close to the end where there bouts of nothing become longer and longer.  The game could use a BIT more activity/story.With all that said, this game is interesting, fun, and contributes to the genre in a much needed way.  The devs are actually patching/making improvements, so I consider that a strong plus as well.  Some bugs remain, but they're definitely working on it, and I didn't run into any major issues (although a few annoying bugs were present).  I enjoyed leading my group through some tough situations and exploring post-apocalyptic Texas, meeting new people, and exploring a variety of environments.  There is some difficulty in building morale/food stores in the beginning, but this is actually fun and contributes to the difficulty of the game (something that is lacking at a certain point).One final word.  The game has some political (ridiculous conservative/Texan stereotypes) elements to it.  If you're sensitive, you probably won't enjoy this game.  It was  bit heavy handed at times, to be honest.  Still, I enjoyed this game overall and would recommend IF you have a high tolerance for reading text, doing repetitive tasks, and some amount of ""roleplaying"".  You should also, of course, really enjoy the genre as well!"
76561198124955724,Recommended,239840,15167147,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,shhhlee2,"Bought Dead State on sale.  Wanted to get it based on the demo and that it is squad based.  However, given the comments didnt want to pay too much.  Even in the Demo saw how annoying bugs could be.Overall, I have to say a resounding thumbs up for the game though.  It is exactly what I wanted and hence however many hours in I am through the game I felt it fair to let others know who like me have been on the fence.  I like squad based tactics and so I am really most interested in the scenarios for getting supplies.  I like the combat and even enjoy just turning up while I fight is already going on and watching two looter groups fighting it out with each other, attracting a load of dead guys and then being overrun by them.  I then clean up and take all the loot!  Excellent fun!  I also enjoy the tricky encounters, usually where better armed looters/militia control an area and arent interested in parlaying.  Surprisingly I have also enjoyed running the shelter and developing my character in order to do that.  Admittedly the shelter begins to run itself after a time and you get so much food and luxuries that you could hold out until armageddon but it is a nice touch.  Havent got the lab yet but everything else is done.So why wait until on sale?  It is still bugged.  It is a little annoying to see your guys walk through a locked door!  Or right through a car.  Also frustrating to not be able to get to loot which has been placed in a position that is inaccessible (rare though).  Early on (possibly demo) it was real annoying to have killed a guy taken some excellent loot only to get back to the shelter and it had gone missing and no I didnt forget to pick it up.  I think the worst faults, so far at least have been in the hotel  in Austin.  Great idea, real enjoyable combat, difficult and demanding.  But moving between floors is a real pain.  Could it not have been made a bit easier?  You will find it almost impossible to move up or down unless your players are in the right position but you cant move your players to get into that position.  Having one person in the right place should be enough then an automatic move.If you enjoy squad based tactics (old school xcom not the new) and you woul like to try something different then this game is worth getting, you just need to work out what price you are willing to pay for it.  I got it at £14.99 and that was fine for me, under a £10 get it no questions asked."
76561198006827948,Recommended,239840,15856907,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,gseidi,"I have bought the game when it came out, but have waited until the mid may recent update to give it a try. I love the general concept and most of the routines; can't say it is perfect. If you Like any turn based tactical combat such as the unforgettable JA2 or the first Fallouts, you are really going to enjoy this. If the developer keeps supporting it, it may well become a classic someday."
,Recommended,239840,13999302,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,HazMatter,This is an amazing game. I have had a lot of fun with my few hours of playing it. I hope that the devs consider making a Dungeons and Dragons game. 10/10
,Not Recommended,239840,17537620,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,f'n bammo,"For what it is, $29.99 is too much especially without ability to sneak and some Line of Sight issues.  Should really be $15-$20.  Not bad but not great."
,Recommended,239840,14805537,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"Dead State has so much gristle and fat and not much protein.If I were more willing to save time, I would have wrote a review condemning the game's length and amount of Monty Haul gameplay - because you have to scavenge SO MUCH in this game. Of course, this means going around to all the various places in Central Texas, dodging every zombie and murdering every looter to fill up your backpacks with as many ramen noodles and luxury items as you can carry. TIMES INFINITY. I wouldn't mind if there was more to interact with in the world (and there really needs to be more stuff to do to break up the monotony of scavenging all the time), because having to loot gets so damn boring after a while. I ended up skipping entire days towards the end of my playthrough because I was really sick and tired of having to go out and ♥♥♥♥ing pick up the groceries. And I hated not being able to delegate this task to the two or three people sitting around in the shelter once all the improvements were built. This mechanic, while it fits in really well with the world falling apart and even adds an 'Earth Abides'-style flavor to the proceedings, drove me up the ♥♥♥♥ing wall and onto the ceiling, down the wall on the other side of the room, and back. Like a really angry hamster determined to get out of his cage.So why didn't I just quit the game and play something else?Here's why - this game has some very, very interesting storytelling. When people talk about this game being a spiritual successor to games like Vampire: The Masquerade: Bloodlines and Arcanum, they're talking about the solid storytelling. Brian Mitsoda (he worked on Bloodlines and Arcanum) and two other people made this game, and Brian did such a damn good job with the writing that I kept going despite hating what was going on with the game. And that storytelling is what held my interest throughout the entire game - I nearly could forgive all the monotonous scavenging if it meant more lovingly written, well-researched bits about how the world fell to the zombies, about astronauts losing their♥♥♥♥♥♥on the ISS, interactions between survivors, between militia groups, between the outside world and the little emotional ecosystem going on in the shelter. Those moments were beautiful and fun to experience.I really had to fight to finish the game, both inside the game and outside. The scavenging took such a mental toll on me, but the storytelling kept me coming back for more. I don't doubt that this is going to be a cult classic among RPG enthusiasts, easily joining the ranks of the great RPG games that don't work all that great but have such wonders to show anyway.You know what? To hell with it. I recommend this game, but  only if you bring several audiobooks or your backlog of podcasts to go along with it. If you don't, the monotony will drive you crazy (unless you're one of those mutants who runs around in a field to beat up slimes so you can grind your way to one-shotting Sephiroth at the end, in which case there is no hope for you). It starts out strong and ends strong, but everything in-between moves so damn slowly I nearly quit several times. You've been warned."
,Not Recommended,239840,14376417,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Azure,"Like everyone else has said, It is just to buggy to get to engaged. Also their is very little depth to the other characters in the game. You will always use the same 3 combat class survivors for your team and the others are basically their to bother your with their ♥♥♥♥♥ing. I really wanted this game to be good, but after several hours I think I am done. I am getting tired of these early access games, It is like the developers create as little as possible to be interesting and then cash out on steam and then quit trying. This has happened for every early access game I have gotten."
,Recommended,239840,13983828,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Rhadamant,"9/10This game is great. Despite what other reviewers may have said, this game is relatively bug free. The story is really good and compelling. The combat is fun and exciting. I'm 32 hours into my game and have not experienced any game breaking bugs, or even any major bugs. 32 hours and I'm not even that far into the game, quite a lot of 'bang for your buck'.Would buy again."
76561197977057864,Not Recommended,239840,29739284,Posted: 6 February,all,starburst,"Once again Steam needs a rating system. I'd rate this 6/10. Given yes/no.. it's no.(I actually have played this over many, many days  but I had to force the exe to use my GX860M video card as it won't via steam. So the hours are wrong)If this is on a large sale (say 70+%) I'd say this is a nice bit of fun. But at $20US this old game is not worth putting up with the bugs; that a near game breaking. The storyline and the world are enjoyable enough. I love tactical combat but this is definately no Silent Storm in quality. The combat AI is okish and I suppose as an early game from the developer it takes time to get it right. (They're AOD and Dungeon Rats are far more mature). I rjoyed the graphics anf the shelter functions and the NPCs were enjoyable.The issue is this game was completed in 2015 and except for a fan patch it was finalised as is.By day 70 I was left with no alternative but to use the console to move past bugs and issues that would cause the end game to fail. It was fun up util the late and end game issues made it a chore.If you are a zombieholic like me, get it, if you are interested wait till it's $4.95 or something. It is fairly enjoyable but at $20 US I  can't recommend this game"
76561197977785297,Recommended,239840,12673415,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,jomagil,"I have to say I love this game and the only disappointment I get is waiting for installments of the ""beta"" patch to release. The storyline is fantastic, the visuals for such a development is phenomenal. I will still be granting the highest review however this game comes off to me as an ""alpha"" stage game. The fine line between alpha and beta versions seem to be thinning with early release games and for the most part this game is incomplete and missing fundamental necessities to make it an enjoyable playthrough on beta. I understand glitches and bugs should be present, but content should not be slowly incorporated into a beta test but given and tweaked per recommendations by the audience. Needless to say this game is AMAZING and I've dumped numerous hours into it. But for those expecting a satisfying play, wait for the full version."
76561197970571810,Recommended,239840,9250574,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,ExHippy,"Dead State often gets compared to Fallout but I think that's unfair to both games. It doesn't have Fallout's dark humour or intricate combat system but what it does have is a fairly complex shelter management simulator. Basically the game is about managing your squad, your resources, your shelter upgrades, and all the survivors who are working in the shelter when you go on scavenging runs (including the shelters overall morale and each survivor's individual mood).A fairer comparisson would be State of Decay or Jagged Alliance 2 (the original). The game isn't about your character surviving in a post apocolyptic world but about a group trying to scrape by in one. The turn based tactical battles are not an end in themselves, they're mearly a way to get more food, fuel, parts and medicine so your shelter can survive longer. Your character levels up but you have no personal goals: it's all about keeping the others happy, alive and away from each other's throats.If you liked State of Decay (but thought it'd be better as a turn based strategy) or loved Jagged Alliance 2 (but wished it had zombies) then this could very well be the game for you."
,Recommended,239840,30541776,Posted: 16 March,all,Ziggy,"I'm a really big fan of these ""scavange, fight, build you base, and prosper onwards"" games. Thats why I got Dead State after a few days of it's release. It had a lot of bugs. HAD. Because the developers cared for their game, like  mother for their child. They got rid of the bugs, listened for feedback, and added a lot of content.It's not an Uncharted 4, or a Battlefield 1 graphically but if you were looking for something like that, you actullay wouldn't be here. This is and Indie game, but has a better story, with more replayability then most AAA games I've played so far.You can aproach sitations always in at least 2 ways, but usually more. There are no class restrictions. You can switch your weapons and playstyle anytime you want throughout the game. There is resource managment, making sure your allies have everything they need, and the story can really twist your head around, and make you look foolish for thinking something way differently am hour ago.If you play 5 hours, you will eventually play a houndred. So please, go, buy it, and eventually, it may become a cult game. Then we'll get a sequal :3"
,Recommended,239840,26287082,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Lamort,"A really nice zombie survival game focused on scavaging and base management over pure combat. While the early release had some issues with bugs, the Reanimated update seems to have fixed most of the issues.If you like scavaging your way over a very large map and dealing with an interesting mix of survivors, be sure to check it out."
,Recommended,239840,24568158,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,[GWJ] - PCMAN,Did not think much of this game but it really surprise me despite its limitations:1) Minimum party of 42) No partial time credit for end of day3) End game is kind of stagnant as you run out of upgrades to build and ways to keep your group busy4) Some limitations that make it feel gamey.However the story you generate is compelling.  Your decisions have consequences and the game always finds a way to surprise you in a good way.  Still doing my first play through at over 130 hours.
76561198011464502,Recommended,239840,13351649,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,aircrew0,while lacking in a few areas the game has a lot of depth and is very enjoyable if you like turn based systems
,Recommended,239840,23626431,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Pusblud,"Buggy and frustrating, but I still enjoyed it. Worth it on a good sale, I think I paid about $10 bucks for it and that's fine."
76561198052720700,Recommended,239840,12790924,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Thunderstorrm0,I found this game online on the kickstart page and loved the ideas behind it. It is not quite complete yet but does have a date set for when it will be finished. So far I've had a ton of fun with this game. It's a great Idea of how to set it up. Right now the thing I wish for is more stuff to scavenge or maybe having more stuff show up after a while so you could scavenge the same place several times... As of now once you scavenge an area... its' empty... no point going back...I like the travel in this game and I just over all do recommend the game. I's a great Idea that is still being worked on and will hopefully become a great finished masterpiece.
76561198045270479,Recommended,239840,12809997,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Mr.Nightmare241,This is what my ideal zombie game would be like. I find this game to be really adictive there are still a few bugs but if you buy this game just keep in mind that it is still in beta so dont let a bug or two or empty locations scare you off.
,Recommended,239840,14596524,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Redhotviking,"I love this game, there are a few things I wish to see in it to be ""Perfect"" but as Zombie games goes this is pretty fantastic and you will not regret this game if you just enjoyed Fallout 1 and 2 and like Zombie survival horrors.I hope to see expansions to add the things I hope to see in it, but if they dont appear it is still pretty awesome game."
76561198016287376,Recommended,239840,13664095,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Clappers66,"I am enjoying this game but let me warn you I found it stupefyingly difficult. The overall strategy theme is great, looking after the base, making it more secure, different people with different roles and skills but I think the combat piece at the locations is too difficult. I have played 5 hours so far and I have died, every time, within minutes of entering EVERY location.I have tried stealth, running, combat, weapon changes, altering my party for medical staff but when you are 3 in a party with hammers as your weapons and you encounter 5 looters with TWICE your hit points and they ALL have guns it's all over in less than a minute.I'm still plugging away in the hope I am just missing something obvious. If not, I have to admit the difficulty takes the fun away."
76561198051610436,Recommended,239840,16652645,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Hamster Jelly,"EDIT: Review was initially negative (no ""Mixed"" rating) and, although it is annoying as **** at times, its taken me over 125 hours to start getting bored of it and its the only game i've played for the past 3 weeks or so. So...yeah.Get it only if, like me, you're really into zombie-survival based games. If you're just on the fence about it I suggest you don't.I'm not criticising the turn/AP-based gameplay - that worked fine in Fallout 2 and such but somehow falls flat when zombies are introduced.-You will ALWAYS be ambushed by a zombie hiding around a corner as you walk into a room-You will ALWAYS be ambushed by a zombie hiding just out of view inside a house as you walk in since you can't see into buildings until you walk inside-There will ALWAYS be a zombie to infect the looter you ko'd but didn't manage to finish off - instantly turning them undead and introducing another enemy-There will ALWAYS be a looter shooting a gun like a moron and attracting all zombies in the map-Zombies will ALWAYS screw you over instead of the looters that attracted them-You will ALWAYS get ko'd when your medic isn't around-You will ALWAYS get pinned to the ground by a zombie when alone-Your allies will ALWAYS panic and run away - leaving your guy to fight alone when all of you could of taken out the lone zombie-Your medic will ALWAYS overheal when they panic-Your ally will ALWAYS get downed by a zombie in the doorway making you unable to move past and take out the zombie eating him-You will ALWAYS miss when you can't afford to-Your guy will ALWAYS miss when he has only 1 bullet left in the magazine-You will ALWAYS miss with a 95% chance to hit-You will ALWAYS miss 5 times in a row when it only takes one hit to finish the enemy off.Phrase of the day with this game is ""Oh for f***s sake....""Seriously i've played this for 12 hours so far and achieved nothing because something always screws me over. All objects in a 10 meter proximity of me are not safe from my regular game rage.Bit I wull stull plae eet cuz i liek zumbees n luuting nd sirvaval"
,Recommended,239840,14945775,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Grognard_87,"Now it's been sometime, I'm posting a new review in place of the old one back when it was still in Early Access.I've been very interested in this project since it first appeared on Greenlight and have been following it's progress. It's a turn-based zombie survival game where you manage a shelter and have to deal with many harsh situations that may happen based on the survivors you have as not every survivor is as steady minded as you could imagine. Some look for love in the wrong place, others are mentally disturbed (due to what has happened and the situation you are in now) and you can even recruit animals to the shelter which give their own moral bonus, but also eat into your food supplies too.All the characters in the shelter have their own personalities. Some can even point out new locations where there would be a large storage of weapons or food based on their life before the disaster struck. Some can be very likable like the Loving and helpful Renee or others will be blunt and emotionless like the officer, Vic. There are multiple endings and hours of replayability with the many different dialog trees. I have not yet completed the game, but I have gotten far into it and built everything in the shelter, of course trying to gain enough food and fuel on each excersion to keep moral up becomes difficult with more people.Now I'm not going to say the game is perfect. There are still bugs in the game and issues where bodies will share the same square, however the dev team are still working on this game and want to make it the best experience for all of those like me who are craving for a zombie survival game where you are responsible for the survivors and all the survivors have varied and interesting personalities.If you are still uncertain, I'd suggest playing the demo to get a good feel for it. It has that wonderfully nostalgic feel of Fallout 1 + 2 as well as Wasteland."
,Recommended,239840,16687538,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,big zox,"For those who are into zombie-apocalypse games, this game is a welcome new addition. You survive a plane crash and are taken to a shelter which you must lead. The goal of this game is simple: survive. Every day will be a struggle - there are many threats in this apocalyptic world of Splendid, Texas. Not so splendid anymore.The game is both a Fallout-like RPG as well as a turn based management game. You are in charge of managing a shelter which means gathering food, building upgrades such as fences to keep zombies out, finding survivors who may be able to help you get to safety, and dealing with crisis events such as a gang threatening to destroy your shelter. Each survivor has different areas in which they contribute to shelter management and it's up to you to manage the resources. In addition, there are conflicts and events that happen every day and it's up to you to deal with them.If you know Fallout's combat system, then you will know Dead State's combat. All in all the combat is relatively easy - but there are a few encounters where you will literally be in war against a small army of guys equipped with military gear and assault weapons so don't take everything for granted.The looting can get repetitive - it's pretty much kill everything, search containers, grab as much as you can and clear area. Combat is *usually* very easy, but there are modes this game has that will make it oh so much harder. And also, be very careful of what you say to fellow survivors. It takes just one bad statement to make them absolutely hate you. But this is a stressful time, after all. There's an achievement for rescuing all the survivors - some found randomly.All in all, it's a good game, and I recommend it. 7.5/10."
76561197975099825,Recommended,239840,16508733,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Prinaldo,While the game does get a tad bit repetative after a while I am finding it fun in an original X-Com way.  Play in ironman mode to get the most out of the experience IMHO.
,Recommended,239840,16105577,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,tdreisinger,"This game rocks! I had been following the game and reading the reviews for quite some time but was not completely sold on it yet. I downloaded the demo and enjoyed it, so I added it to my wishlist and figured I would wait for a sale. I lasted about a day and then broke down and bought the game at full price. I love it!It reminds me of Jagged Alliance 2 with way better character development and zombies. I am more of a casual game player and enjoy a good story with consequences, this game kept me wanting more and made me stop and think about every choice I made.I have only played through it once, nearly 60 hours, and I have not even come close to discovering all this game has to offer. I highly recommend this game to those that enjoy The Walking Dead tv series too. I was faced with many issues that were similar to what they had to deal with on that show.Kudos to the game makers of Dead State - job well done!!!"
76561198034785409,Recommended,239840,14795210,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Lightning Crow,"I just want to say that - I was a little unsure about this game to startBefore buying it, I read the reviews which were appauling at best! So many people saying the game's unplayable and stuff.Then I get the Demo, which DIDN'T work on my PC, and lagged beyond repair on my laptop (looked like low-framerate).BUT!!!!I was told to play the game in Windows 7 Compatibility and IT WORKED!I think the game itself is fantastic! I've played through a few days, and counting (please, no spoilers).The gameplay is kinda strange to get used to, but so are all the greats :DAbsolutely everything I think you could want in a Zombie RPG - great storyline, interactive characters, levelling system, multiple choice part-linear part free-roam storyline, and obviously, zombies!IF ANYONE READS THIS - THE GAME'S AWESOME! 5/5"
,Not Recommended,239840,16913538,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Buffalo444,"So apparently, zombies are faster, have more powerful attacks, and have a better chance of hitting you than you do of hitting them. No matter who you select for your first party, its like watching the three stooges try to fight the undead. Miss, miss, miss, get eaten.Zombies can also sense you if you are directly behind them. No sneaking allowed.Also, they have 9 action points, which is as much or more than your starting party members. Which means they can shuffle much further than you can move, while apparently getting free or almost free attacks, which is infinitely better than the 3-8 AP required to attack them.All of this topped off with the fact that your weapons hit them for 7-25 damage, up to about 50 with the sledgehammer. This is out of a 50ish HP pool they have. Top that with the fact that they can hit you with anywhere from 7-62(?!?!?!?!) HP, after shuffling as far as you could move, out of your 90-110 HP pool.In a nutshell:-can't tank them-can't kite them-can't evade them-can't sneak past them-must rely on luck to beat them-if you don't outnumber them 2 or 3 to 1, it has a high probability of a loss.When the devs manage to botch what I heard was a good game before ""Reanimated"", they're pretty bad at their jobs. Instead of increasing zombie count or something to make it harder to just sneak up on all of the zombies, they made them super-zombie killjoys. 3 party members vs 3 zombies, one of the party members being a COP (you know, trained to use force against violent, unpredictable subjects) and a member speced to be a melee monster. All 3 die. Why? Because bad game.Un-**** your game, devs."
76561198130103188,Recommended,239840,19837750,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,reflective vagrant,"First things first: Just like anchovies or hot sauce, THIS GAME IS NOT FOR EVERYONE.  TRY THE DEMO BEFORE YOU BUY.  The demo will give you a good feel of whether you will like the full game.Even though I hit the ""Yes, I would recommend,"" button—this is more of a mixed review. (I wish there was a middle option.)  Dead State requires deep thought and sometimes a touch of research.  There is more than one way to play—but you have to figure them out.  Although I personally liked going back to get my stats just right for my personal play style in the demo, not everyone will enjoy doing so.  This is not meant to be an easy game for those that want to just smash up some zombies for an adrenaline rush and gore fest. The game isn't something I'd recommend for the player that just wants to have some easy fun.  It is quite the opposite.The game isn't very forgiving of mistakes and the right answer isn't simply handed to you.  Options are limited, negatives for the team are abundant and the player character is the only fully customizable ally.  You're forced to work with what you get, even the other survivors.  There is no “hone my skills to perfection by grinding first” easy button.  This game is meant to intrigue your mind and push your planning abilities.  For those hard core players that want to nitpick the details and get things just right, I'd say download the demo and dive in.  The save files even carry over from the demo."
76561198018685829,Not Recommended,239840,17499810,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,druidx44,"too many bugs unfinished features to put as a buy. I think they had a great concept and writing team. but the gameplay execution, from the animations to the mechanics of the battle system itself leave alot to be desired.I hope they make another game and wish them all the best."
76561198045503284,Recommended,239840,14026774,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,max.savenkov,"Dead State is... Let us say, a strangely designed game. When you start to play it, for the first few hours, it is very interesting and engaging, if you, like me, can disregard very outdated graphics, somewhat clumsy interface and occasional bugs.At first, survival feels really hard. Every day, yout scavenging party goes out to find food and fuel, and usually can just about bring enough of both back to prevent Shelter from dying outright, but not enough to feel safe. It's a real struggle and it feels interesting. Even more interesting are dialogues with your fellow survivours.Unfortunately, it seems that time or other constraints prevented DoubleBear team from really completing this product. When you finally find horses that allow for faster travel (and, therefore, for two expeditions per day!), you beging to gather more food than strictly necessary for survival. At this point, the second part of the game should begin, but it doesn't. Most of the important events are tied only to day number, not your actions. And since survival is no longer a day-to-day concern, you start to feel bored from clearing same-looking supermarkets, houses and camps.The problem is compounded by many bugs in many scripts. People do not notice completed quests (thankfully, this mostly goes only for minor tasks). People disregard events that already happened. People give you information about locations you have already visited. The worst moment, however, came when one game faction reportedly wiped another, but when I came to their old site, they were there, along with a duplicate of character that came to Shelter with the news of disaster!The ending, when it comes, seems rarther aburpt. There are a number of endings, some of them more anti-climactic than others, but I must say I'm not very satisfied with them.A few words about combat. It's not particulary good, but it's not particulary bad, either. The dead stop being a serious threat quite soon, but armed people remain a problem nearly to the very end, especially in large numbers. AI is bad, but it doesn't matter too much. (And at least it's better than in JA: Flashback). I'd say the combat is on the par with Wasteland 2, which is not saying much, but it's not awful.Despite everything, I had fun with this game. I liked exploration and texts, even when they were bugged.  I wouldn not recommend it for everybody, though. You have to be tolerant of crashes (fortunately, quicksave is VERY quick!) and bad graphics. Still, I feel like a lot of love was put into it, and it shows, even if the end product is somewhat mishappen.I'd say you should wait for patches, but so far there was only one, and with the number of crashes, I'd expect the developers would try to hurry with fixing at least a few of them, so I do not have high hopes. Still, even with all the bugs, I managed to finish the game, so at least it's better in that respect than pre-patch Arcanum was :)"
,Recommended,239840,14153759,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,pejhmaun,Very fun and addicting.
,Recommended,239840,19126492,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Gyrobot,"Dead State can best be described as Walking Dead Meets Fallout. With Brian Mitsoda of Vampire The Masquerade, this story driven game will let you decide if you are either a LaMOE or a Crusoe in this zombie shelter game.The story takes place shortly after you wake up in the middle of a world that has gone to hell in Texas. After the cops found you and stitched you up along with two other survivors. You are tasked with at first making sure the shelter doesn't fall apart and take responsibility for the people that you choose to bring into the Shelter and make sure they have enough fuel, food and parts to get through each day in one piece.As a zombie shelter game, there is notably less ""railroad"" situations where you will ineveitably lose allies. Theoretically you can end the game with every survivor alive and well when you finish the game unlike in State of Decay which ineveitably have you lose people to the zombies wherever you like it or not. That said, it's freeform so you can choose to be the few beacons of hope in a bleak genre or choose to bring out the worst in humanity as you kill those that are useless. Leave survivors to die or do internal purges after a mutiny by sending any member who was loyal to the mutineer to a suicidal march.Combat wise the game plays like Fallout and Wasteland, an AP system that allows you to move and engage your enemy with a diverse perk system that gives you your own perks as well as other members of the shelter who have their own contributing abilities to the shelter.The cast of survivor is a colorful mix from old war veterans, to an geek who uses the Fremen Battlecry or the avatar of Brian Mitsoda himself. Picking which survivor to come with you is important as some are illsuited for battle while others have limits to how far their moral compass will bend. A hint to know if your survivor has no qualms beign raiders is their attitude in combats. The more rough ones swear like a Borderlands player character and makes a nice addition to your motley crew of survivors.Replayability sadly is lacking, while i had reservations about playing it again the lack of fulfillment in some endings have made me think otherwise for a great zombie shelter game.Overrall I recommend this game for those who want their zombie survival fix."
76561198002450835,Recommended,239840,17124601,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Nutlaw,"This is one of my favorite games. I love what they did here with their approach to survivor management. So much fun to recruit, utilize, and manage so many personalities. The conflict and the factions set up throughout the game kept me engaged and wanting more.Admittedly, there's far too much combat that gets far too repetitive over time and the inventory management is a complete drag once you have seen all of the item variations a few times. Playing in iron mode is cool in concept, but this game is far too long for me to risk losing all of my progress based on a few bad rolls. If consequences were less immediately dire or potentially game ending, I'd hop on it in a second. I was fine with losing some people through story events or even in combat late in the game once it was clear that I'd be able to finish it. The ending was disappointingly sparse on how the characters made out, but the journey there was well worth while to engage with them on the way.Crazy fun. Want more."
76561198119782293,Recommended,239840,16004816,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Dude Bro Man Guy,"Dead State is a great turn based game with a hardcore survival aspect to it. You have to recruit as many people as you can while you feed them and equip them for the hard times ahead. You also build up your base AKA the school and there are tons of upgrades for your school from a chicken coop, garage, farm and so much more. The part that most people complain about is they cant keep people happy or other stupid morale problems they may have(they lack people skillz). Just like in real life not every one you have in your town will see eye to eye about certain topics because the game is gonna throw a lot of random events at you that you need to deal with to make some people happy or even angry with you. There is perma-death if you are sloppy and get one of your guys surrounded and 3 or 4 zombies drop down on him for a quick snack you can beat he is getting back up but not as a human. Other complains I have read is that people think this is an alpha but your wrong the developers love this game and you can tell because they are always updating and fixing bugs for you. Come on they just released a nice update not to long ago and some companies would have made it a DLC but not these guys. There is also crafting, anything from armor, weapons, and even upgrades for your car once you get there. On top of that your played character is fully customizable from the way he looks to what kind of skills he/she has. You want to be a medic sure, you want to be a bad a$$ with a sledge hammer max melee skill, computers, gun skill, and a ton more. I have 86+ hours and I still haven't cleared out all of the areas on the map and even the map will throw random events at you. If you like zombies turn based hardcore survival games this will be right up your alley. This screenshot is just a taste of all the thing you have to do in 1 day to make sure sh$t doesn't hit the fan.http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/46505482712255338/9C4AD90CA32930F607A8FF14229CD4C93F55E3BB/And your people can only carry a certain amount of weight so deciding what items you need are crucial for your survival."
76561198042114974,Recommended,239840,15696631,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ArcticFire,Definitly recommend if you liked original X-Com!!
76561198037089201,Not Recommended,239840,19052276,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,gruntoorbphobos,"Oh my god.I'm really disappointed of this game. Basically the mixture of rpg, survival and round-based strategy is a nice idea but there are some clouds covering the sun here.I'm not talking about the grafics which are okay but about some big design problems. The menus are far away fromintuitive. it takes hours to manage your inventory♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sometimes I feel like doing my taxes instead of playing a game.The game is also sometimes annoyingly complicated. After the first mission I searched for a place to sleep for 10 minutes. I clicked right and left on every bed until I finally found THE ONE I could sleep in. What is the point ???Even if the game is so ""realistic"" that you don't want to sleep into someone else's bed - it could give you a hint like ""I want to sleep in my bed"" I seriously thought this is a bug.In the fights your are always surprised. I mean the game shows you a perfect straight street on a sunny day and you're strolling around with your party and suddenly 5 zombies appear in front of you ! Have they been invisible ? Can everyone in your party only look into 5 meters distance ? Same counts for weapon range. I can throw my keyboard farther than these guns can shoot.Best joke is to heal somebody. I was wounded and found a complete, full medkit. Nevertheless I could not heal myself because you need to put the contents of the medkit into your medic satchel to heal someone.Imagine this: "" doc ! doc ! help me!""      ""I can't I have to put the bandages in my special purse first!""In conclusion: Nice idea - terrible implementation.    5 of 10 stars."
76561197972509132,Recommended,239840,16513490,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,hockilla,"After having kickstarted then played through this game nearly three times in various phases of developement I'm amazed this title still sits as ""mostly positive"". I imagine that a lot of the negative or neutral reviews came in while this game was still in developement- the occaisional crashes, corrupt savegames, noise radius, and other issues have largely been hammered out (my last playthrough of over 120 hours contained none of these issues to memory).This is a great game. Comparatively on the level of the first 2 fallout games - there's a deep crafting tree, a large amount of replayability from the skill tree/dialogues/npc interactions. You play as the lone survivor of an ill fated plane in Texas in the opening weeks of a zombie apocalypse engulfing the world. Boarded up in a school with a handful of other survivors from various walks of life it quickly engulfs the player in the tasks of figuring out basic needs in the new world (security, food, fuel, medicine) while also providing the unique challenge of managing your survivors' happiness and other needs.There will be conflicts that arise both internal and external amongst your group and every NPC that you come across will stretch your party's abilities as well as its needs. As a result, especially on the harder modes- which is the best experience, in my opinion, you will be forced to make decisions regarding what new members bring to the group versus the resources they consume and potential conflicts they bring. The dialogue, of which there is a good amount of, is well written and each of the many NPCs have well written backstories, motivations, and unique needs.Tied in with the NPC interactions are a series of events that occur- some random, others timed, that move the story forward as well as challenge your settlement. Ultimately, this is a game that moves past the traditional RPG/survival genres to ask the player how they would treat others in such a scenario. This topic is also examined in various lights by your NPCs with their backstories and actions.Aside from being a well made, polished, and excellently written game there's one thing that I've cited as a reason to purchase this game- choice and causation. Rarely in games are there cascading events where one choice by the player leads to both scripted and unscripted outcomes that were unforseen. To be more clear, each playthrough of mine has brought about events and outcomes where ""savescum"" tactics would not work because your choices and outcomes were determined hours or days ago. This game provides a multitude of such occurances. It's hard to explain how glorious this is without having played the game suffice it to say that those that appreciate the ""what ifs"" will play through the game at least a second time.TL;DR: Played through game 3 times since early developement. Worth the price at $60. Buy it if you have any appreciation for survival/rpg/writing. Watch for this studio's future releases- this is an excellent and so far, it seems, underappreciated game."
76561198035971078,Recommended,239840,14420593,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Deathly Horror,Fun game however the program is buggy and quits unexpectedly.
76561197999024233,Recommended,239840,13278904,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Fallen Sereph,"Love this game for how indepth it goes into how things might go in an actual event like this. The combat is fun with just a few minor glithches, but what do you expect with a just released game, I've been playing since the pre-alpha and have loved every moment of this game since I was first told about it. So glad to see that it was on steam. Nothing more entertaining than having someone sneak up behind a zombie and smash their heads open with a sledge hammer :p"
76561198073023472,Recommended,239840,13277521,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tsrintox,"I've followed this game before I even bought it and I'm pretty happy with the content, I've played this game from beta 4 until release. There is still room for improvement and the Devs see it and will update the game as time goes on. The combat in the game is turn based, if you are careful you can avoid combat completely. The NPC interaction is what I really like, I hope they add more personal quests and crisis moments.I'd also like to see more base upgrades and research, and interaction/events once you get the upgrades. With so many people at the base late game there should more options to allocate the survivors and missions/crisis tied to those.In the future this game could be a 10/10, right now it is a 7.5/10 for me.***SOME POSSIBLE SPOILERS** The best moment for me so far was when I was on a scavenger mission with fresh survivors, I walked into a downtown area, it looked looted so I decided to proceed with caution. While my team was looting I decided to send one of the survivors to scout the area... and then I saw it... the park...  shards of metal everywhere and what looked like an elderly woman and a man impaled to the benches, I quickly gathered my team, but it was too late a heavily armed raider group got the drop on us. They knocked down the scout nearly killing her, I rushed the rest of my crew over to save her life. Fire, metal and blood, flew through the evening sky, my combat medic rushed over and secured the downed survivor.Things looked like they were changing... then the boss came out. Our pistols and bats did little to slow him down, and we were surrounded.I suddenly remembered my melee specialist was holding on to an assault rifle and my ranger happened to have the ammo, we were able to take out the raiders one by one, my melee specialist picked up a shield off a dead raider and rushed over to deflect incoming fire while the scout and medic found cover, my ranger managed to pick off the last raider, and we managed to walk away with no casualties, hardened by the experience and the new equipment."
76561198003118196,Recommended,239840,13868670,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Nate,"Strong recommend. Yes, it crashes without warning every few hours, just quick save often. Do yourself a favor, don't try to make a fancy PC your first go around. Take zombie killing and speech skills, and go! You will enjoy it."
,Recommended,239840,13849492,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Nafyo,"I am a big fan of apocalypse games. Dead state is a top game for much details about survival options  of upgrading your shelter, scavenging and gather survivors. So far i had some bug problems in combat where characters gathers in one postion, sudden teleported encounters of zombies and looters from no were like ghosts and Game crash in job lists. I know the creators are doing there bests for fixing the problems and updating new things. wish you all the best ^_^One more thing, i hope you can do update of making the shelter full of activity instead of solid stands like mindless Durrb zombies. Happy new year !"
,Recommended,239840,13834211,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mr_eff,"Overall a fun game, I haven't finished it yet, but I'm at the point where there is no challenge.  It blends a few concepts well, and while I found the game overall very fun, I do have a few issues that I think keep it from being great.  I may not play it again, but I would definitely be interested in a sequel or the same concepts taken in another direction.  If you combined most of the concepts of Dead State and State of Decay into a 4x, I think it would be a very interesting game.7/10++Map design, can't say enough about this, it truely feels like you're living in a zombie apocalypse.  From the wrecked cars, ransacked stores and homes, trails of blood, graffiti on the walls warning of zombie inhabitants, to the somber reality that many will simply take their own lives in their houses with their loved ones.  Double bear did a great job setting the environment++Moral choices, did a great job here.  You have several dialog choices, when I made my decision it seemed to be something I would say in that situation.  NPC's that join your shelter will remember dialog choices you've made with them and bring them up in future conversations+Crisis and random keep it interesting, hostile human NPC's can be turned against zombies--Game is to easy, once you get past the first few days, other humans are the only real competition.  They are easily avoided, or distracted, and you can come back later and whipe them out with better equipment--Item durability, nothing breaks, leaving you with stacks of items and weapons.  You can recycle them in later stages for parts, but I prefer a more realistic game and would like things to break and have value--Useless items, there's a large variety of weapons and items, but I spent 80% of the game using aluminum bats.  Zombie s would die in two hits and most humans were no problem, even if they had guns.-Micromanagement is pretty bad starting off, but gets a little better.  It gets annoying having to run to the storeroom to swap items, the job board to assign tasks, and the exit zone of the shelter to reach the map-Map is stagnant, no roaming hordes of humans or zombies, once you clear an area you have no reason to return-"
76561198085542178,Recommended,239840,15818131,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Black Manta,An Awsome Turn based zombie rpg.well worth buying.*thumbs up*
76561198039012058,Not Recommended,239840,13625274,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Hwang Yanron,"As the description noted - inspiration drawn from XCom, Fallout and Suikoden (or even Jagged Alliance)  - but in my humble opinion it is a very basic game, simplified and it could have been made better. I'm guessing that the devs felt the contraints of having this game done (not to forget depleting finances) and thus released in the words of the few ""half-a***d"" title. They did release a working title but of course not without its bad apples (numerous of them). Now for a quick review.Likes:* Good concept (although I'm yet to see a zombie themed turn based strat game at equal of the mentioned titles above)* Gameplay - it's just okay not the best or even great lets just put it - very simple.* Content - the dialogues/script could've been improved. They should have worked on this - it would have been the selling point of the title.Dislikes:* Balancing and gameplay issues - consumers will notice this immediately without even putting long hours* Path finding issues and over simplified combat system - this could've have been made better as I said too simple (no crouching nor scaling its like playing pacman... so flat)* Graphics and sounds - its forgiveable but yea.... I actually turn my sounds off and in windowed mode since the graphics is not the best.* Bugs - it does load, save and having logged in 14 hrs its not actually that long that players will ... well look for another.Out of 5 stars this would have been a 2.5 or even a 2, I would wait out till they fix the bugs or release a patch."
76561198007263562,Recommended,239840,13720324,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,madd0cker,"The games that got me into pc gaming , was my friends copy of fallout 1 . i had just finish a drinking binge and was needing something to keep my mind off drink , how fallout and fallout 2 , and torment and baldur gate , kept me amused and help me overcome my boredom and from going back on the drink .that is the power off a great game , hours fly in and its 3 o clock in the morning before you know itThis game to me is up there with the above greats , Thankyou for this gamei have bought so many big name games lately only to be dissappointed with countless flaws and crashes and nearly gave up on the same rehashed crapif you liked fallout 2 , this is a must buy"
,Recommended,239840,13894627,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,HighPlains Drifter,"Dead State, is a great game. It uses an isometric view, turn based combat and base building/management NPC interaction system.The plot has so far been excellent, with well written background stories for NPCs. The dialogue, and the interaction really makes you feel like you're dealing with the daily problems of life in the apocalypse. You must scavenge for supplies, repair your base, and upgrade it, But you have to deal with the people you care for as well. Keeping up moral, finding personal items they need, while assigning them tasks and job schedules around the base.The interface at first seems abit clunky, but took me very little time to get used to it. The sound & graphics, while not cutting-edge, are done very nicely. One thing I'd really like to point out, is the areas you visit while looking for supplies or running errands. Every map area, tells a story if you look. Very impressively done, for example I was looting a local neighborhood and every house every block, you could see the damage or the carnage and piece together what happened there. A car slammed into a power-pole, the trail of blood as the driver tried to escape to a house... The door smashed, his body half devoured in the doorway ! Just little stuff like that seriously adds to the ambience, and feel of the game's setting.I also would like to point out the leveling and skill system, is well done. You really do get the feeling that each level is really going to help you survive. You don't have to reach level X before you can survive on your own ; each of level you gain does give you the sense of accomplishment. And so far most skills, that I've gained/used have a purpose, have a use that just might keep you out of the hands of the Dead for just another day...The bad... The game does have some bugs. I haven't really experienced anything to severe, or to frequent to prevent me from playing on. So far I crashed once, loading a save-game. Just once, and reloading the game and reloading the save went fine on the next attempt. I know there are some odd dialogue mix ups that others have had an issue with ; But so far I have not.Over all, a well done game that is enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,239840,31321929,Posted: 23 April,all,HK 416,"What a total piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't get me wrong. I've played this game for such along time and I enjoy this game. However, there are so many errors in this game it's just hillarious.The game itself is one of the best zombie survivor game ever:1. You get to build and repair buildings within your shelter.2. You get to chose dialogue that will influence your game play as you go on.3. Zombies spawn if you make too much noise. This will have you surrounded by zombie horde. So be cautious when you use guns.However, there are so much errors and bugs and lags that counters all these great features of this game. Here are major things about how bad it is.1. Your game will crash every time you try to load something.2. If you have your graphic settings as low, you will have more lag then having them as highest graphics3. Unless you have Windows 7, your mouse will roam around the screen like drunken zombie. (This you will have to run the game with Window 7 settings and have test server mode)4. Your survivors are basically blind. Every 10 hits you try, you'll miss 7.It was ok, but seriously, game crashing every loading scene or just randomly is the most annoying thing ever because you can't save during combat. If you were about to kill one last zombie after massive zombie horde battle and the game crashes, it sure makes you mad.I do recommand this game to people who consider themselves as Buddha"
76561198150705029,Not Recommended,239840,11991007,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,moldy316,I don't think i would buy this given a redo. The level up system sucks. And it gets really repetative. Maybe once it is out of beta it will be more enjoyable. I would really like to see the level up system change but i doubt it will happen.
76561198079589086,Recommended,239840,13701526,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Pedro Adelino,"One of the best games I ever played. Its a mixture of State of Decay and Fallout 2. It has a few minor bugs, but still is a 10/10."
76561198035726336,Recommended,239840,14482319,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,rich_undo,"The game is amazing.  There are some bugs and glitches that you should be aware of but I'm a month of game time in and it is not interupting game play very much.  Nothing catastrophic, just annoying.  The game reminds me of Jagged Alliance set in a zombie-pocalypse.  It's all about tactical exploration and combat intermixed with managing peoples relationships in a no-holds barred sort of way, improving your shelter, assigning the right jobs to the right people and listening to a rambling DJ (I hope I get to meet him one day).  Try the demo and then buy the game."
76561198030374042,Recommended,239840,14481994,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,commander515,"Dead State is a survival/horror RPG with strong base-building elements set in the zombie apocalypse. (Think Fallout Tactics but open-ended with a strategic/resource management layer). As the elected leader of a small group of survivors, you must go on runs for supplies, locate and rescue other survivors, allocate resources and gradually build up your shelter from a bare-bones school into a fortified complex. You must constantly deal with not only the hordes of walking dead, but perhaps more importantly, the living, who in many cases are even more dangerous.Everyone you find has their own story, their own motivations, priorities, and attitude towards life and what is happening out in the world. As your shelter and group grows in size and reputation, people will eventually begin coming to you, leaving you with a choice as to how to deal with them. Letting in everyone may seem like a good idea, but eventually you will have to deal with the personality conflicts that arise between certain members of your group. Threats to your survival will arise both from the outside and from inside the shelter itself, forcing you to make tough, black-or-white decisions about how to deal with them. Food shortages, supply shortages, morale problems, and epidemics of disease are daily specters. Do a bad job in dealing with these issues, and other strong-willed members of the group may decide to challenge your leadership, putting you at risk of being thrown out of your own shelter.Combat is squad-based, turn-based, and tactical. Traveling to any of the game's many scattered locations to scavenge for supplies invariably results in hostile encounters with the both walking dead and rival groups of hostile scavengers or survivors. Each member of your group has a specific set of skills that may make them suitable as a melee fighter, ranged combatant, or combat medic, and it is up to you to equip and assemble your squad with those things in mind, using whatever weapons, armor, equipment and medical supplies you have managed to scrounge or manufacture. The pros and cons of various weapons and armor, the layout of external obstacles and the internals of buildings, and proper noise management all play into getting your scavenging team in and out of dangerous situations alive and, hopefully, with backpacks full of badly-needed loot.The game does have some interface and gameplay issues, and there have been alot of reports from users about crashes as well as glitches and bugs ranging from annoying to game-breaking throughout the game's release history. Personally, at 60 hours/50 game days in, I have not encountered anything more than a few minor glitches that, while annoying, have not seriously impacted my gameplay, in addition to a few isolated crashes. Luckily, the devs wisely included an automated bug-reporting tool with the full game that will allow you to notify them whenever there is a crash. I would advise anyone who buys the game to backup your save files just in case something catastrophic happens. I will admit that the game could use a few more updates, in my opinion, but more in terms of things to be added or modified rather than fixed outright. Overall I feel that the basic mechanics of the game are solid, providing a compelling and realistic simulation of trying to lead a group of survivors through the zombie apocalypse. I definitely recommend it to anyone who enjoys open-ended RPGs or turn-based strategy games."
76561198109612756,Recommended,239840,12421593,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,veryinky,"Early Access Review:Single Player, Turn based, isometric, dialog heavy RPG, with resource management, a world map with near a hundred tactical locations on it and a central hub/base which can be upgraded.Plays a lot like if Fallout 1/2 & Jagged Alliance 1/2 gameplay were mixed with Walking Dead's story. Also reminded me of State of Decay, but with turn based combat instead of 3rd person realtime, in that it focuses heavily on upgrading a shelter, scavenging and dealing with NPC allies along with external threats. Dead State is centered around the ""Shelter"", a school that the player's allies have fortified, The problems the player has to solve are both internal and external, NPCs have problems with each other, shelter upgrades break down or NPCs want to know what happened to their loved ones or people they knew. Then there's external threats in the form of hostile factions that the player can negotiate with, antagonize or even wipe out.  So far I've encountered 35 recruitable NPCs who have their own story to tell if I ask them, or sometimes don't ask them. Every morning in the game there's invariably one or two people at my room's door wanting me to either deal with a problem or to provide me with a new location on the world map to explore.One of the central game mechancis though is Crisis Events, which deal with large problems that the entire shelter's population wants solved in one way or the other. Diplomacy by the player can help persuade NPCs that the player's decision is the correct one. Or the player can choose an option that pleases the most people to increase the mood (personal) and morale(entire population) of the Shelter.I also like how easy it is to mod the dialogs in this game. So I can fix problems or change things that I don't like which is always a plus.I recommend this game for anyone who's a fan of old school RPGs."
76561198006773157,Recommended,239840,14633260,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,darwinian~nightmare,"I will not bore you with ""oh so special snowflake that I am""-review.Simply said: It has everything I had hoped for since early access first playable steam version.Maybe some more charactermodels and some more random (and interesting) encounters would be nice, but certainly not mandatory for a ""good, hard and challenging CRPG"".Diehard Fanboys of the genre may disagree, I don't care.Got my moneys worth out of this game already."
76561198070220354,Recommended,239840,15071159,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Belal,"I am a huge fan of the combat style, and it does an even better job of post apocolypse I feel than Wasteland 2.  If you enjoyed X-com combat this is definitely a game for you."
,Recommended,239840,16722513,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,sekfarok,"Bought this game during Summer Sale. Was waiting for the price to drop and walla. Made it. Love the game, almost similar to one of the online game ""the last stand"".Storyline are great. So much thing can happen even you can already predict what's going to happen. My first play throught are somewhat a failure. I was killed by crippled Davis on day 31. Damn I really enjoy the game. I will definitely recommend this to those who loves turn-base combat :)Guess i'm going to take a day or two off from the game and starts another one.Pros:- lots of NPC can be obtained and it is pretty random.- Random pop places for scavenge or meetup are really random- Various kind of weapons and armorCons:- background music can somewhat become annoying- there's no way to skip enemy's turnI'll update again as I play more."
,Recommended,239840,26611133,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Vildling,"This is one of my ""laptop"" games, one of the better turn based games around."
,Recommended,239840,34960524,Posted: 14 September,all,Silhouette,"Dead State takes on a game setting that has been done before: A zombie apocalypse has occurred, and you're tasked with surviving by scrounging up whatever materials and rescuing and recruiting any survivors you can find. While it is a tried-and-sometimes-true genre, I feel like Dead State does manage to make it interesting, at least. The beginning is possibly it's strongest point, when you're tasked with fortifying a high-school that ends up becoming your base of operations.With a handful of other survivors, each with their own personalities, quirks, strengths and weaknesses in different aspects of contribution, you're supposed to somehow ration supplies, assign objectives, get crew assigned to different items, and find a way to go out a scavenge without becoming a citizen of the new apocalypse. It honestly becomes an interesting take on group management in a strenuous situation, and the experience is punctuated with semi-schedules events that take place throughout the game depending on the survivors present and the situation you're in, even sometimes requiring you to make difficult decision that impact the game in a drastic way.The other portion of the game pertains to the scavenging, and makes up a sizable portion of the game and is arguably the most frequent portion you'll work with outside of the former. Scavenging sees you moving about on a large map and trying to uncover locations of interest, while also trying to manage inventory and supplies during the journey. Once you uncover a location, you're usually able to enter the area's local map and move about, most often encountering zombies, looters, hostile survivors and friendly units that you can potentially recruit and bring about to your cause. Usually, the latter are the more interesting of these, as they often come with encounters unique to them and often showcase the developer's talents in context clues and storytelling.Combat takes place in a grid-based movement system where all units take turns and have various actions based on their equipment, and on an AP system which limits the amount of actions a single character can perform in a round. It's nothing too drastically new, so I won't go terribly into detail. It has had some known bugs, however, such as looters being killed by zombies, and taking a rather large number of rounds to turn, before you can kill the now zombified-looter and end combat.PROS:-Excellent marriage of Group Management and Zombie genres, with some exploration and turn-based grid-aligned combat, to boot.-While the game largely follows a set path in terms of major events, it does offer quite a large number of optional, semi-random events that can drastically impact the way the game progresses. Not necessarily to the point of providing several greatly different endings, but it can definitely change the game in a good way.-A truly great instance of developers with a penchant for character writing. Not every character drips with rainbows of uniqueness, but the situations are interesting and presented in ways that seem believable, which lends a great amount of atmosphere and interest to the cast, where they'd normally suffer from having too many on board.-Context is done masterfully in this game, as most times you can explore a location and see a story unfolding in front of you without a single written word or moving picture. This is usually most impressive when you're rescuing survivors, as you can often piece together terrible, tragic, or even sometimes horrifying stories simply by looking around the area first.CONS:-Unfortunately, as time goes on, the strong start does fade somewhat, and the game can sometimes seem more like menial tasking when you're waiting for the next day to arrive, and the end can seem like it is taking forever to arrive.-A somewhat weak ending, although there are some slight variations depending on your decisions or the events you took part in.-Some events are almost down-right secrets, as they can be almost entirely too easy to miss without knowledge beforehand.Even so, I'd recommend trying Dead State, at the very least. It's an underrated gem that really does deserve more coverage than it gets, and if you're into these genres, you really can't go wrong."
,Recommended,239840,11962703,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,rifter101,"Really love the update alot to fix but its got alot of potenial , needs level up system and perks for bonus characters and exp should be based on how much i use a chaacter even if they are fixing the fence, maybe a risk level of any area so i no whether bandits or zombies are more numerous as well as how much resources can be gained or what will be gained, which would add a good stategy element, i strongly recommend"
76561198040055707,Recommended,239840,14474443,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Wormo,"I have enjoyed playing Dead State and like where they have taken it. I have enjoyed scavenging around the city, for food, weapons and materials. I would reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys zombie survival games.At first the game was slightly buggy, but was not really a nuisance or well at least for me and with the recent updates and future ones they will hopefully make this game better."
,Recommended,239840,15472019,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,caribou48,"Jagged Alliance 2 with Zombiies, lots of fun for an indy title. Some Ui issues here and there , But overall b++ game and worth the price tag  if you get it on sale. Decent title."
76561198064278734,Recommended,239840,15029436,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Lothar,"Amazing game, 100 hours playing and counting =)Seriously guys, this game is just epic <3"
76561198017192120,Recommended,239840,16990357,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Gnk*,"Become the leader of a small group of survivors during the zombie apocalypse! Manage your base (allies, materials, shelter improvement, etc) while exploring places around you to find more resources and survivors. Exploration and combat is like in the old school turn based tactical games (well done and challenging in my opinion, must pay very much attention every single step against zombies and other survivors).  In my opinion a very good and entertaining game if you like (i) zombies (ii) turn based combat (iii) resource management. Single player only but very rewarding gaming experience!"
76561198047589491,Not Recommended,239840,31925644,Posted: 23 May,all,Scrumble,"Despite having played Dead State for 195 hours and enjoyed the overriding majority of it, I'm struggling to recommend it.The game itself never quite lived up to its early promise and any enjoyment derived was in spite of the abundance of flaws and shallow gameplay.The premise of Dead State is fantastic, but the reality is a disappointing, buggy and abandoned chore of an experience."
,Recommended,239840,14584902,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Patriot Derpy: Muffin Eater,"I bought this game when it was first released in Early Access. I had originally found this game's development page about a year before it was released in Early Access. This game did have a rocky start, and I didnt think it would have a good development behind it......boy was I wrong. This game is not the most epic game ever made, but it is something you should get into if you like Zombie survial/turn-based games. Its not open world, You have a map with set locations, and those locations expand to a small set area (best example I can think of is Wasteland 2). I will say this though, this is a good zombie turn-based game with a great story behind it, and I am glad to have backed it up with my very early access purchase of it."
76561197970609165,Recommended,239840,14554038,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Kromas,The buggy mess I bought a short while back is now one of my faveroute games giving me the epicness that was fallout in a post apocalyptic zombie world.Loving every second of it even with some minor bugs.
76561197981255486,Recommended,239840,16339359,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Coro,"I recommend playing this game at least one time through. It is a long game and at times it can get repetative and monotonous, however the story is fun and the characters are very intersting. This game isn't just about killing zombies, its about survival and coexistance. Its almost a social experiement. The social aspect of the game is very important. Moral is constantly declining... which is realisitic considering the situation, but its what you do with the time you have with your people, how you lead them, how you can negotiate with them. The game is not easy, but its worth playing once."
76561198097318868,Recommended,239840,15024982,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Aramike,"Great, fun game. Dead State is definitely ambitious and mostly pulls it off well. The combat is a little simplistic for my liking, but that's a small complaint in a game seemingly designed for the larger experience of survival."
76561198005667708,Recommended,239840,28101061,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hesmah,"I've played this game A LOT, as you can see from my recorded playtime. I started on it in early access, and did several restarts during the years it's been out. Weirdly enough I never actually finished it, but now that there aren't that many new interesting games coming out, I decided to return to it.I've always been a big fan of the game, regardless of it's problems. There's a bunch of problems with the game, and at this point they likely will never be ironed out. Still it's a flawed gem, and if you like turn-based RPGs with survival elements, you'll probably enjoy it regardless of those flaws."
76561198006692008,Recommended,239840,14587550,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,After Pie,"I really like this game. i have not run into very many bugs compared to many reviewers it runs smooth and does pretty much everything it says it will do as far as i can tell.The only problems that I have had with the game are the occasional memory dump crash but with frequent autosaves really isnt that big of a deal just one that needs to be fixed.All I can say is MOARRRRRRRR there is so much more that can be done with this game its almost keyboard smashing desk worthy. Make the people move in the base and do♥♥♥♥♥♥ if i make him a farmer ♥♥♥♥ing ho the garden dont just stand there and tell me u want the day off. ♥♥♥♥ you its the end of the world get to work!Randomize the world!!! how hard can it be to randomize the map locations and badguys and loot. without this this game is a one playthough game. as much fun as i get telling that whinny ♥♥♥♥♥ flight attendant to off herself after the 3rd play through I really just want to get a gun and ♥♥♥♥ing do it for her.I really really hope there is expantions and dlc for this game because it is awesome.Also ♥♥♥♥ that dude that is  ♥♥♥♥♥ing on the forms who the ♥♥♥♥ cares what he says or what the dev says, the only thing that maters in this relationship is the ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198150449979,Recommended,239840,14672126,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,tigersblood,its a good game
76561197993118789,Recommended,239840,29250727,Posted: 14 January,all,nerloch,"In the game of attrition, there are no winnersAt the moment of writing this review, The Steam page for Dead State Reanimated rates this game as mostly positive and that is how I would rate my experience playing it: For every great thing this game does, it is usually followed by a major flaw that undermines the Dead State’s overall impression. If you like to play modern RPGs like Mass Effect, The Witcher 3 or Dragon Age, chances are you won’t find this game enjoyable. But if you fondly remember old RPG classics, like Fallout 1 and 2, or Baldur’s Gate series, and you’re armed with patience then you will enjoy Dead State… most of the time. Allow me to dissect this game for you (no pun intended):Pros:+ Good overall writing and gameplay+ Tactical and satisfying turn-based combat+ Interesting noise level, survival and experience system+ Decent sim management gameplay while in the shelter, with various resources that need to be balanced+ Lots of diverse and unique allies that will join your cause, each with different personality, wants and demands+ Strong level design and good, albeit simplistic artistic and graphical presentationCons:- Game has a very sluggish pace with unavoidable grinding- Quests are far and few, mostly fetch-based and primitive- Disappointing end game content- Thrown weapons are unbalanced- Combat rounds can drag on and game is plentiful with annoying bugs- Limited lore and zombie tropes make the game world a very uninteresting place to reside in- UI and inventory are needlessly complex and counter-intuitive- Minimalistic sound and music design serve to the detriment of game’s atmosphereDead State was made by many creative individuals, including Brian Mitsoda who was a writer for the legendary game Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines, and that means the writing in this game is constantly on a high level of polish. All dialogues in Dead State are well written, as well are many data items you’ll find as you explore the world, which carry poignant and memorable articles to read. Nearly 50 allies you’ll have a chance to meet are all well-rounded characters that will follow you on your adventures or help you build more things in the shelter, if you are on their good side. But the off trade is that they don’t evolve as in other games with fewer companions that are extremely well-written and change dramatically as the game goes on.You are stuck in a world overrun by zombies, and you’ll need people, resources and the main headquarter to survive. The Shelter you find at the start of the game is an interesting concept, as it can be upgraded in order to provide a bonus to protection or a new type or resource against the overwhelming odds. There are many resources in the game you’ll have collect if you want to survive another day: food, fuel, spare parts and luxury items all grant mood boosts to you and allies, and keeping them well feed and taken care of is very important, otherwise they’ll fall into depression, inner-struggle and violence or will abandon you completely. That is why you’ll have to collect as much resources on your travels as you can.While you travel on the map, you’ll encounter many settlements that may be peaceful, but usually want you dead. All levels in the game you visit are well designed with many small and welcoming details developers could have easily omit, and add a lot to the overall atmosphere of the game. You’ll have to watch on the amount of noise you make, measured in decibels, otherwise you’ll attract the restless undead to your current location. You can also use the noise to you benefit, by directing zombies to the dangerous living enemies, while you wait out their clash to end and scavenge the remains of the battle. The living are the most daunting enemies in the game, as most of them liberally use firearms that can easily incapacitate you and your allies, and make a lot of unnecessary noise. Zombies on the other hand serve as an obstacle and a nuisance, since they are slow and their attacks are limited. However they can infect you if you are not careful, slowly leading to your doom.Leveling system in Dead State also differs from other RPGs: you only gain experience by surviving another day, and securing as much resources as you can. Surviving battle encounters yield you no experience, but you do get from it various traditional weapons and firearms that can be upgraded in the shelter to be more precise and deadly.  The combat is similar to first two Fallout games, where your positioning, use of a correct weapon on a correct enemy, and wisely using your skills and setting traps and snares are key to your victory. The longer the combat prolongs, chances of your survival diminish significantly. But there is a negative side to this type of combat: turns can slow down as more and more enemies enter the fray, human enemies can go dumb occasionally and move around not knowing how to get to you. Thrown weapons such as grenades break the careful balance of all weapons in the game as they can be flung so far, that if they are aimed at you, you’ll have no option from protecting yourself from their devastating effects.Biggest flaw of Dead State is the slow pace the game is developing and the main story is resolving. There are no traditional quests, with self-contained stories to tell and dramatic impact, only simple list of things to do for you or for your allies. And almost all of them involve annoying fetch-me–this and fetch-me-that demands. The number of encounters on the global map is limited and when you discover them all, you’ll have nothing to do but to wait for the end of the game to begin. And the amount of grinding you have to do is staggeringly bad: everything that is not nailed to the ground, you’ll have to pick up at some point. Your and allies’ Inventory will fill up so quickly that you’ll be forced to go back to the shelter to unload everything you’ve found and then return again to the latest destination to haul the rest of the stuff. This kind of pick-up-deliver-pick-up-again philosophy drags the entire pace of the game down and your enjoyment as well. You’ll also struggle with bafflingly illogical interface: how to split objects in your inventory and move them around, how to access the inventory of the vehicle, how to access skills you can use in combat and how many steps you have to take to assign your allies daily chores to do. And if that doesn’t drive you crazy, a letdown of the end content, the final battle and abrupt endings will leave you wanting for more grandiose conclusion. Music is un-intrusive and forgettable, while sound effects are minimal and underused, thus missing the chance for them to aid in building more memorable atmosphere and emphasize the dialogues and emotional bonds you and your allies share.Still, for me Dead State manages to be an overall mostly positive experience. I wish this kind of game wasn’t settled among zombies, for me one of the most overused and least interesting/frightening horror tropes and it is too bad that the game didn’t try to change and evolve our expectations regarding zombies. But at one point in the game, pressured by many choices, good and bad that I’ve made, and combat encounters I’ve survived and will have to endure, I started to adopt the ruthless survivalist way of thinking without even noticing at first. As I always want to play and do play as a good guy, this game made me aware of how enjoyable it can be to be a bad guy once in a while :D Thus I give it a cautious recommendation to the fans of classic RPG games and zombies, but I’ll also understand anyone who finds the amount of flaws to be a bit too much."
76561198006690286,Recommended,239840,17564915,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,suurimonster,"I only played Reanimated, following my usual rules of giving games at least 6 months after release to solve the main problems. I finished the game, fairly completely, maybe missing 2 or 3 characters due to time, and I also saw two of the possible, positive endings. As an experience, one of the best games I've played in a long time, coming close to the original JA2 experience and surpassing it in certain places. Played on highest difficulty levels, but not iron man (I have a job and a family...;-))Pros:For this gaming genre, a very refeshing theme.Early game captures the survival aspects well, with shortages of people, food and equipment.Interactions between characters are quite deep, with serious and not obvious consequences to your actions. The game is not afraid of serious issues and does not give easy answers.Zombies behave like zombies in combat...be careful and quiet, and they are easy kills.Writing is very good - I especially enjoyed the final discussions after one of the endings, and the little touches from the characters.Combat is fun, and you feel a strong progression in skill as your stats and weapons improve. Humans are a significant challenge early game, with military almost overwhelming, but only difficult in large numbers at the end.Lots of easter eggs! The RPG codex was a highlight...Cons:The base building aspect is over by about halfway through the game. I would like to see many more options here, as even the weapon options are not that interesting.I am not sure if I missed something, but several directions seem to be undeveloped, particularly related to some of the skills people have. There were some very interesting possibilities sugggested and an obvious ending or two absent.Still a few bugs in the quests, especially when you do them out of order.Even at the highest level, infection is too rare. Having more infections, but with the possibility of cures or longer term suppression would have balanced it better.You must take your own character on missions. This makes a combat build important early on.A great pity that an unfortunate early release and negative feedback seems to have killed future games."
76561198043496759,Recommended,239840,12837302,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Escrima,"I Love This Game! It's perfectly balanced with script and action figures.Further improvements that i want to see,Random encounters should be arrange as same areas with different and respawnable enemy/loot seeds. I don't want to enter same area that i already entered and killed/looted everything in it. This would improve the immersion beyond the main story line and specific locations that have names.Adding some events that may occur repeatedly could be totally awesome. You encounter crisis in the game as the time flows and you achive some main situations.  Adding random 'minor' events could give the player more challange and also i would love to have meetings about daily problems.I often use mods when i finish the vanilla. It's refreshing, so maybe it would be good to have mod friendly game mechanics?Did i say I Love This Game?"
76561198065148319,Recommended,239840,12303522,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Butch DeLoria,i got my♥♥♥♥♥♥stuck in the fan again!
76561197995346563,Recommended,239840,13958470,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Johnny9,"Anything that can hook me for as many hours in as short a period of time as this is pretty damn ok in my book. Dead State is immersive, large and well worth the value at whatever you pay for it. If the idea of a post apocalyptic turn-based combat, base building RPG game with consequences appeals to you, pick this up! I am not easily impressed so thank you Double Bear, you ALL get a banana sticker! 90/100 easily!"
,Recommended,239840,11775815,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,plebking,Found some grubs and worms in a trash can. Took them home for use as sustenance. Simply great. Would love to see more gross survival things enter into this game as well as a greater urgency on supply runs with starvation becoming a real threat rather than a vaugue concept as you collect shelf after shelf of food. I'm aware most people probably wouldn't enjoy just managing to scrape by with food so perhaps a true survivalist mode or something?
,Not Recommended,239840,16283461,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,CdrGrimReaper,"RIP Dead State killed by the Dead State Reanimated update, died way to early in its life. It will be missed!My true first Negative review.This is one of the worst days of my life.I followed this game since it was first announced or hinted about.I pre-ordered it as soon as the ability came up.I then I started playing it on steam.I was happy but was looking for more from this game.Then came out the Reanimated update which basiclly destroyed the game for me.Zombies weren't zombies anymore in my opinion but more like the infected from 28 days later in my opinion.No more sneaking up and getting in the first attack / beginning of the combat phase with an attack to the back of a zombie.The claim this was to increase the difficulty is the lamest claim I have ever seen for a game.From every post I read the biggest issue that I have seen is the fact that you could become nearly invincible to zombies at a point in the game.That there im torn between, I like it because thats just human nature at the same time takes away from the game itself.A simple answer, give zombies the random % chance of penetrating the defense / armor class of the victim instead of this detection crap they currently use.Even the recent posts since the Reanimated update declare the change really hasn't changed much other than making the beginning that little more difficult.It also destroys the immersion in the game for me and by posts several other people as well.If they put an option to turn it on / off would resolve this issue for me.This was once a dream and now its a nightmare from which a new dream is waiting to be discovered to replace the current nightmare of Dead State Reanimated."
76561198012386918,Not Recommended,239840,14657090,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Bugs,"I haven't played for too long and while I will agree with most that this game has potential I'm starting to wish I had saved my money.  Combat is already getting REALLY repetitive whether it be bandits or zombies.  Equipment and inventory is a hassle and I can't believe it's as interface unfriendly as it is.  The shelter just has people standing around even if you assign them jobs and nothing really feels alive.  All of these complaints may seem mundane but when they add up it feels like a game that slowly lulls me to sleep or frustrates me.  If it was $10 i'd say sure but for $30... I feel let down, especially with all the die hard reviews saying this was good but it feels too much like an old game with half the personality.I remember playing Baldurs Gate 1 and 2 and even Fallout 2 and was blown away at the time by the story telling.  Not only does Baldurs Gate 2 look better than this and that's a title that's MUCH older, but it's less buggy and the world felt more developed.  I put in many hours just to get my moneys worth but I believe DoubleBear rushed this and dupped people into buying an incomplete game which was vastly overpriced.  Sorry DoubleBear, I know some Devs on your team put their hearts out into this, but when it all adds up it just wasn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,239840,20108916,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Rydiculous,"Love the game's idea and execution, but the bugs and CTDs tend to ruin the entire experience."
76561198064307714,Not Recommended,239840,19896943,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Comrade Offset,This could have been cool but it's very buggy and the interface is annoying.
,Recommended,239840,18096207,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,tieio,"I am a big fan of games with intricate management and strategy and thus, this game rates highly with me. If you love to manage people, a base and resources, this is a highly recommended game."
76561198052884890,Recommended,239840,15825726,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,happy,"dead state is now a good gameit had potential(good writing, great attention to details) but was buggy upon release, and, more important the combat was not challenging at allthe may 14th patch changes the game, it really doesi played hardcore ironman and died, i didn t just die, i died and it felt right:i was sneaky, an idiot decided to engage a gun fight, i fled knowing that staying around would get me swarmed by Zs, nonetheless, i got a team member cornered, that person carried my o so precious antibiotics, so i went back, no real  choicei got bit trying to hack my way to my dead teammate, eventually i got grounded and my remaining teammate panicked and left megame over, as it should when things are FUBARthe game works and is now what it should have been in december:a unique and challenging zombie apocaplypse tactical rpg with good writing worth every pennyit was ok, now it s good"
,Recommended,239840,30537748,Posted: 16 March,all,Micki Ninaj,"This is a pretty casual review but well it's a fun game (I feel like it's getting repetitive but I'm not super far in the game so we'll see) I got it from a sale though so I can't say I'd be as pleased if I had paid the full price fyi... but you can tell work has gone into this (graphics are what they are but that is called THE STYLE).The only negative I'll have to say is that for such a 'simple' game it heats up my computer like a toaster. Also the dialogue choices are a bit amusing but that's not a bad thing. Also you can too easily play yourself into a situation where you can't get out from and have to restart.Would highly recommend from a sale (I'm not being cheap, I just honestly feel like this isn't a 20€ game but rather a 13-15€ game) and if you're into turn based battle and managing."
76561198001476196,Recommended,239840,16582868,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sanity'sEdge,"UPDATED (and rating changed)Not recommend at full price, if it's on sale, get it if you are open to the overall ides.Also please read the comments for updates!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is not a terrible game, actually it is a fun game to play and I like it.It just does a terrible job at selling it's strengths!The overall idea is nice, of course nothing new, but still I like it. ""Tactical"" Combat, Ressource Managment, Exploring, Survival, role-playing and npc-interactions in Zombie-infested apocalypse, if that is something which intrigues you, you may have a nice time with it.But alot of the stuff put into it feels unfinished and/or falls flat when it comes to utilizing it's potential, especially the combat, which is sad, but it shines in other (very well hidden) aspects.Combat in general:The combat, one of the main parts of the game, since it happens so often, is lacklusting. One of the most often used tactics is being seen as early as possible, since enemies almost always got the first attack, so you want them to see you early so they first have to get close to you, spending their action points for moving, instead of attacking. Of course this tactic fails when it comes to human enemies with guns.The lack of a stealth system is imo a terrible design choice. You can't sneak up on anybody/anything, at least not without initiating combat a few tiles away, so that you may have at least one (normal) attack on a chosen enemy, which wouldn't be that bad, if wasn't for the high amount of APs you need for your actions. At this point I can only utilize this ""tactic"" with my main char, since all other survivors are almost literally useless (too few APs, low skill values).Also the special attacks are just not optimized. For example, there is an attack called flurry which executes as 3 attacks with 30% reduced accuracy, but on my Main char it costs 6 APs, while the normal attack costs 2 (reduced costs for high dex), so instead of using my APs for 3 attacks with normal accuray, I can could spend them on this ""special"" attack with reduced AP. Just wow, I am amazed.As wrote above, generally enemies move/attack first (if you don't want to waste APs to ""counteract"" this). That also happens when someone reanimates as a Zombie (which is a cool mechanic in general btw). Ko'ed NPCs can and will be attacked by nearby Zombies, thus getting infected. They die and come back as Zombies. But why do they have to have the initiative then? They come back and can immediatly move and attack someone. Again imo another bad design choice.The Gunfighting:Mostly you wouldn't want to use guns, since they make too much noise, thus attracting nearby enemies (which is btw one of the good things about this game), but nevertheless there are moments you don't care much about noise, but how it was executed is just not good. Reloading takes an insane amount of APs, it's 7 (out of 8) for one of my fellow survivors, who was a Sheriff before the apocalypse hit. Okay, I get it, reloading just takes more time than shooting at something, but how translates this former Sheriff almost not being able to hit a human-sized (zombie) target less than 5m away to realism?! Not everyone has to be a good shot, but seriously?! Imo it would have been better if gunfighting was given some more love. The only advantage of using guns, instead of melee, is that you don't have to close the full distance to your target, that way saving some APs, but that's it. Attracting nearby enemies and the scarcity of ammunition are good mechanics/design choices, everything else...not so.Inventory Managment and Looting:It's tedious. Beginning with not being able to check the skills of your people while browsing your storage, but sadly not ending there. It would have been nice if you could change chars on looting screen, when not engaged in combat.Another irritating thing is that sometimes the standard action on ko'ed looters(NPC enemies) is ""attack"", instead of ""loot/search"". Via right-click you change the desired action, but why it is sometimes loot and some other times attack, I still haven't figured out (see comments for update)UI:It lacks ""Tool Tips"", those informations you get about items, skills and so on in other games, also a nice addition would have been a clock display, speaking of, maybe it isn't necessary, have to figure out first, if time passes when exploring an area. In all else regards, it's nothing special, just essentials.The used font also is a problem. On higher resolutions it's too small and the color makes it hard toread.NPC interactions:Fleshed out well enough, even if it may not appear so at first glance (even some ingame days into it), but after some more time you'll find many possibilities to interact with NPCs in various, entertaining ways.Stability:On my system (which is quite stable I may add) the game isn't stable at all. 7.7 hours into the game and it crashed 3 times already, which is something I could excuse if it was a brand new title, because you can't rule out something like this on a diverse platform like the PC, but that shouldn't happen anymore after being for sale for month. (see comments)Last words: It really isn't all bad, despite what you might think after reading this, at least I enjoy playing it, though I believe it to be shy of it's potential and and the price tag is just a tad too high imo. If you are into this kind of games get it for a reduced price when it is on sale (20€ would be okay I guess), though in my opinion you won't be butthurt if you bought it at full price, just don't expect a new standards setting gamechanger."
76561197969753593,Recommended,239840,16664717,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Old man Stu,"This is definitely one of my favourite games on PC at the moment. It is a great mix of SRPG, base building and exploration and it also has lots and lots of lootz to be found - and used. It does come with a few bugs - which seem to differ in size from player to player - but so far I have only encountered 2 very minor ones which did not affect my overall enjoyment.The Morale system seems very harsh and is a bit of a bone of contention on the forums. I find it a little bit too harsh at the start, but let's leave that for now."
76561198038529509,Recommended,239840,16560998,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Blackpoint,"in my opinion only problem is Font size , rest acceptable,and yes im upvote this one because i like it every aspect (except small font problem)Have Fun."
76561198038006855,Recommended,239840,25344525,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Zombiekiller,"I've been playing for about a week and love it so far. Although I don't understand how you can use a stun gun on a guy, have him lying prone on the ground, and completely miss your next attack...well, that's unlife I guess. Living about 2 hours from the games setting adds something for me I suppose but it captures all the elements I would want in a turn based strategy game based on the Zombie Apocalypse scenario. Still figuring things out like why wasn't there an option to negotiate with this survivor camp I encountered? Why did I have to massacre them all and steal their stuff? Sad. I feel a little like Negan right now. I feel like I've barely scratched the surface of the game so far, I hope the rest plays out as well as the start. SInce there is no real end game, I will get tired of it at some point but having fun so far. I recommend it for zombie apocalypse fans who want to experience daily life in said situation and who aren't into the FPS type games like me."
,Recommended,239840,27265421,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gio,Can't believe this game has so many negative reviews.One of the best surprises I haver had on Steam.
76561197979920540,Recommended,239840,33241654,Posted: 4 July,all,Adric,"I first started playing Dead State when it was in Early Access, and perhaps 70% finished.  I had a lot of fun with it, but it was also not possible to complete and eventually hit a wall where I had to wait it out for the full release.  After a long while, the full game being released + the Reanimated update, I went back and completed it and would recommend the game strongly to those who enjoy old-school, turn-based starategy as well as post-apocalyptic, zombie-filled settings.Pros:- Strong writing for the most part, with a very diverse set of characters and situations that can arise.- An appropriate sense of dread, especially in the early-going.  In the first few in-game weeks, you will likely be short on just about everything, and each day's work to scavenge more supplies will be of great importance.  Depending on which allies you find first, you may find yourself in some fairly precarious situations.- The ruined Texas setting feels alive - or maybe, undead.  In addition to zombies and enemy humans, there are also survivors who are non-hostile, but who also won't join you.  It's a small detail, but it helps to flesh out the landscape and population of the game.- The game has a nice sense of humor to it, despite the bleak setting.  Numerous store and business names parody well-known ones from the real world - the gas station chain T-Rexaco is probably my favorite, but there are a number of good ones.- The morale system is also nice - you can only ever reduce people's unhappiness to acceptable levels.  There's no such thing as a truly happy person in the middle of the end of the world.- The combat is quite excellent, and ramps up in difficulty appropriately as you progress, and you can accomplish some nice strategies (such as foisting zombies on enemy thugs and cleaning up what's left afterwards).- Very diverse and interesting set of characters, with a variety of crisis situations and backstories to work through.Cons- The game is 25% too long, and there's just no other way to put it.  Eventually you will reach a point where you are relatively well off in terms of food and supplies, and now you're just grinding out the days to stay stocked until the endgame hits (which happens a certain number of days in).- Once you've accomplished whatever backstory or crisis issue rests with a character, you will, for the most part, have no real reason for interacting with them anymore, unless it's to boost their morale.- It may seem like a nitpick, but professionally-released games shouldn't have typos.- Although there are some nice features to the interface (automatically stocking key supplies when you return from a scavenging run, instead of having to manually put every food item in storage), they still remain clunky and not all of the perks are properly-balanced.Overall, a very good game, and definitely worth picking up and playing.  To my mind the only real detriment is the extra grind in the back quarter of the game, but if you can push through that, there's no real reason not to get Dead State."
76561197998253663,Recommended,239840,14958430,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Orguss,fun  game got over 100 hours into this i say buy it just wish there was some dlc to continue the game play kinda sad it was over i suggest following the npc story lines add tons to the game just dont play it click and go pay attention to the archs
76561197965049057,Recommended,239840,18999073,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,DrunkenHyena,"- Some really interesting bits of writing- Too many NPCs bug you about nonsensical things (""Stop taking me out into the field!"" when I'd never actually done that)- Combat has few tactical options. You can't take cover or delay your action.- Too often you are forced into ridiculous fights (15 zombie on a narrow road with the only exit on the opposite side)- During a fight, the active character cycles between EVERY character on the entire map. Even if they're not active or near you. In some maps, after your guys take a turn, it can take almost a minute of just watching it cycle through zombies that aren't active and do nothing.- The turn order is useless for know when a specific enemy will move since their portrait is only loosely related to their in-world model- There's an option to show which containers on the map can be looted (most can't). This is off by default, and turns itself off each time you play- There are horrible glitches in how it renders area with multiple levels. When on a map like that you will often see people floating in air, or have the ground below you disappear- You can tilt the camera, but only very slightly which makes it hard to see certain areas that you want to move to- You can get ""Status effects"" like poisoned, bleeding, etc. These are shown by an icon, but there is no tooltip when you hover over them so you have to look them up in the manual.- The pathfinding is bad. It will show that you can't reach an area, but if you click a few squares at a time, you'll get there- If you want to move to a square that contains a corpse, you need to carefully target around the corpse.- Having the Science skill means your melee attacks inflict Poison. What?- When looting it shows you how much you are carrying, but not how much you can carry.- The game maintains a To Do list, but even when you complete them they will often not be crossed off- In combat, facing is important but you have no way to change your facing- Weapons have special attacks, but there's no way in-game to see what they are. You have to go read the manual.Overall, it's unpolished and unfinished. If you can get it on sale, it's still worth picking up and trying. I wouldn't pay full price or recommend spending the time to finish the game once it starts to drag."
76561198054149318,Recommended,239840,19942241,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,benignlama,"As a diehard Fallout 1,2 and Tactics and State of Decay fan I was immediately pulled into this game. It took a little getting used to, but once you pick it up it is immense fun. I know previous releases have been buggy and there was some negative comment removal issues, but I was fortunate enough to pick up the Reanimated edition so I've only experienced one bug so far on 4 different playthroughs.The gameplay is slow. It's not a zombie slasher/shooter although there certaintly is plenty of turn-based head crushing. This is a game for those who want to manage a group of survivors through the zombie apocolypse ala Rick Grimes style. The characters are well written, the conflicts are dramatic and well thought out. You get attached to some characters while others you may have to leave behind and others you'll wish you had. A must have for dark, mature themed tactical fans and open minded zombie genre nuts."
76561198050390930,Recommended,239840,29510814,Posted: 26 January,all,jeff.lowson,"recommend and hope for a Dead State 2decent base building although could do with some base defending and more precision around the details of base defences.plenty of locations to scavenge, not convinced there is much in the way of replayability however plenty of value in the initial play through.would also welcome more options in terms of base building.all in all a great game.....the above suggestions would simply direct the experience even more towards what i would consider a perfect game."
76561197971042339,Recommended,239840,14988024,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,[DNR] Iniquity,"Surprisingly in depth and actually tries to support a conflict building plot....Great fun so far, combat is a little clunky and could do with some more tactical enhancements (cover for example) but otherwise good good tension building fun."
76561198093532672,Recommended,239840,15548752,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,tommygun999,"This game proves once again — to make an immersive game there's no need to have an AAA-game engine. The most important thing is the story. Here you have the Dead State, where story unfolds before your eyes, and you really feel how you become a new leader of a small community during apocalypse. Yes, most dialogues become repetative soon, but in the mornings you always have some situations happening, and you need to make decisions which affect your gameplay.You need to keep your small society happy, fed and safe; you may set tasks on job boards, and recent game update made it so that NPCs are actually animated basically, and it adds some immersion too.Pros:- Interesting random situations, good decision-making game- A great mix of Fallout/Wasteland2/Fallout Tactics/XCOM and even... The Sims :) Turn-based combat and real-time movement, when time is running only when you want it to run, makes gameplay run smoothly, at your own preferred pace.- Good dialogues, not very short, and not too long — you won't get bored reading them- Immersion is greatCons:- Some repetativeness in NPC dialogues- Some UI issues- I had couple of glitches and CTDs while I was playing, but fortunately there's a quicksave and autosave function- Background music is great, but it is repetativeFuture suggestions, although the game is in it's final state, I see that devs still actually change some things:- It would be great if there was some voiceacting involved :)- More randomness to the radio? Dynamic news?- Ability to send additional scavenge parties without the leader?- Loot balance? I'm on my day 31st now, still can't find any DVDs for recreation room, while I have lots of DVD players :)"
,Recommended,239840,16972021,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Lee McClellan,"Is it perfect and polished? No. Can you have fun in it? Absoulutely. Do I recomend it? Hole-heartedly. Can you put more than 90 hours into it? Yes, you can. This is one of the best zombie games I have ever played, if you can look past the bugs, glitches and general... unpolished state (pun not intended), then this might just be the game for you. But I also recommend that you put it on your wishlist and wait till its on sale."
76561197989483189,Recommended,239840,14467216,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Cranky,The game is a nice blend of Strategy and Role playing.
,Recommended,239840,16573100,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[EcG-S] Drake,"Gotta say I love this game.  This is what Indie developers can do when they work hard on a project they believe in, and see it through to the end (....>..>  Looking at you Rust and others)Anyways if you like either Tactical games, or zombies, or sandbox games, or exploration games, or shooting dem bad guys, or just scavenging your enemies bodies for cool new stuff then you must buy this game.To simplify, this game is an strategically more detailed XCOM but with Zombies instead of aliens. Thik of it as ""XCOM Enemy Unnown - Zombies Ultimate Survival Edition"" if you will.  I mean freaking zombies, who doesnt love zombies.  Global defense isnt your goal, but Survival of you and your fellow survivors that matters. So build your Base Defense the best you can, keep your people safe, especially while you are out looking for weapons, food, fuel, water, a can opener..... (lol) etc, you get the point. Oh and zombies, I Mean Freaking ZOMBIES!!! DUDE!!!!!Combat is tactical and turn based, youll want to weigh your options if you come across zombies or people. With zombies its a choice of ""Do I wanna take em down quietly one at a time with my axes, knives and such in melee risking return/counter attacks or do I want to risk the noise and pull out my .12 Gauge Semi Auto Shotgun and get it done fast with no chance of them getting even near me.  Also using a party member as bait works well to, just dont use anyone you actually like because you can expect them to survive long enough that you learn their name but thats about it, hes gonna die in a mission/trip or two.Now with humans its a whole other ball game, are they friendly or hostile?  Are they pretending to be friendly to get easy access on you with a nasty suprise later. They got guns!   Oh Crap!  but we are sneaking through a town full of zombies and we are to smart to fire our weapons and call the Zeds down on us all, buuuuut are these other people just as smart or will they open fire as soon as they catch you in the corner of their eye?In total, there is a lot of fun to be had with this game, a lot of choices both in story and out of it. Suport this dev team, they do great work, and all of te content updates have been free, no BS DLC to speak of, they make it and just drop it in there for us to enjoy."
,Recommended,239840,26440866,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Luke,Make a Dead State 2 please!
76561198008887930,Not Recommended,239840,16536677,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Akondar Panthera,"Overall seems like an interesting game concept with promise.However overall has largely been released without polish and with too many issues for it to be enjoyable or playable.Don't buy this, unless its on sale for a dollar, not worth it."
,Recommended,239840,16630541,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Purim,It's some sort of a mix of The Sims and State of Decay... That is actually pretty fun.
,Recommended,239840,30913696,Posted: 2 April,all,Rigel,"Dead State is a game in the tradition of Wasteland and the early (isometric) Fallout games.In spite of the fantastical setting of a Zombie apocalypse, the characters are very relatable. You are a survivor of an airplane crash (the pilots got overwhelmed by the infected) and you find shelter with a few other survivors in a local school. You need to repair the fence, find food and fuel for the generator and most importantly you need to keep up morale.You can assign tasks for the people to repair or build things, like a recycler, a well, a workshop, a roof garden and so on. Gradually you become more and more self-sufficient. You can find new survivors to strengthen your workforce, but you also have to manage their conflicts and deal with crisis events, and maintain your authority.You can lead a scavenging party of max 4 to find resources and contacts outside the shelter. Zombies are everywhere, and you are in constant danger of being swarmed by them, and even have your people bitten and infected. You may also find armed looters, gangbangers, hostile survivalists, rogue soldiers, and demoralized police on your path.Although the graphics and sound effects are basic, they are expressive and effective.The game is quite engaging and suspenseful, and I can recommend it with the caveat that this game canreally, really test your patience.There is an extensive demo available."
76561197972746987,Recommended,239840,23350662,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,darvinkassad,"Amazing game.  Buy it!  The writing is terse but perfectly composed:  you get to know these characters and care when they die, or turn against you, or become disillusioned with your leadership (yes, all this can happen organically within the game system).  This game creates a tremendous sense of atmosphere and freedom:  every place, however insignificant, has a story if you look closely, and the game throws plot events at you at a slow but believable pace that lets you explore and deal with the crises that emerge naturally from the dynamics of the world and your own play style.  This is one of the very few times I have felt like I do when playing a tabletop RPG with a truly excellent GM.  This writer knows what he is doing.  Plus... this is a very satisfyingly long game, especially given the price:  look above to see how many hours I've given this game and I haven't finished it nor can I guess how it might end other than... well... badly.  But that is the apocalypse!"
76561198006728193,Recommended,239840,21342778,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Horanth,"53 hours played.If you love turn based RTS or Zombie killing your probably going to love this.Good story, some of it actually made me chuckle, The turn based RTS side is good, pandering to the wants and needs of your fellow survivors can be a bit annoting some times. The way the move as a group can leave you some awkward positioning when u bump into a zombie or ten but overall I liked it."
,Recommended,239840,14754026,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Riiakhan,"The game, at the moment when I played it, was quite buggy. The game does come across as somewhat alpha in certain areas but I could overlook those parts and enjoy the rest of the game just fine.You can read positive things from other reviewers, I'm going to focus on the negative aspects of the game while still reccomending it for any cRPG fan or zombie fan.Sometimes the character you're moving stands completely still and glides across the floor.Sometimes when you run across a large distance of the map one of your companions get stuck along the way and 'appears' to be running along right behind you until you see them glitch back and start re-running from wherever they got stuck.There are certain rooms and lootables that are not accessible because of path issues. Nothing that major really. You lose out on barely half a dozen items each time but it's still a bit annoying. What I mean is that you open a door to a hotel room and you can't enter it. Kind of like a misplaced invisible wall.Zombies and mercs and stuff just stand still pretty much constantly and there are times when you simply walk into a gunfight where the opposition will have the first move with no way to circumvent it.SPOILERThe 'end game' happens after day 80, however there is only enough interaction between NPC's in the shelter for 60 days (at least that's all there was for me). So there will be this long boring gap of pretty much nothing happening after 60 days./SPOILERThe melee and ranged are completely unbalanced. Melee is fantastic for handling zombies but useless against late-game humans whereas ranged make zombie fights extremely tedious (and it's a waste of high-tier weapon ammo) but are pretty much a necessity for late game fights. It got to the point that there are human enemies in the game that can 'only' significantly get hurt by critical hits of high tier ranged weapons. So invest in Ranged 'and' melee.The car guzzles 'way' too much gas even with all the upgrades. Don't bother with it.I'll leave it at that for now."
76561197996605661,Recommended,239840,15681970,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,godmonkey,"Addictive old school zombiekilling for people who like turned based combat, has some undocumneted features like all games nowadays but all in all an addictive and fun game i can recommend to try out"
76561198127906629,Recommended,239840,10025120,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,rotzbouf,"After played this game for about 6 hours, I can say that it is absolutely worth buying.Even it's an early access title, you can see already the main mechanics the game provides.The setting is well choosen and has good overall atmosphere.Having reached the middle of the demo (after 2-3 hours of gameplay) the game starts getting real addicted.The random encounters make the game even more a thrill as you never know who you cross when returning to the base after a successful looting day.You will have even the possibility to take decisions which will impact the storyline and so give you more than one way to play the game.The fact that noise attracts the zombies and enemys around is giving a tactical benefit to the game as you need to decide how to take down the different kind of enemys.I would recommend this game to all the fans of the old Jagged Alliance series and Turn-Based-Tactical-Shooters out there."
76561198004199916,Recommended,239840,14717954,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,judah,"This game can be enjoyed immensely by the type of expectation you have.You will experience the following during this game:A) An enjoyable strategic experience that is uniqueB) Some inconsistancies as this is not a AAA titleC) Some frequent crashing as the developer continues to update the titleThere is a lot of charm to the game. I find myself playing continously coming back for more even though I know the game does at time crash and can be inconsistent with expectations on how to manage your headquarters.As long as you understand this is a small development team working very hard on a unique experience you will enjoy. If your expecting XCOM level polish you will be disappointed.The game accomplishes what it primarily attempts- a strategic, loot diving headquarter developing zombie game."
76561198009139331,Not Recommended,239840,16755897,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,macmert,"Uninspired gameplay, ugly graphics, mediocre fighting mechanics... and a price tag of 15-20 bucks is an absolute robbery, try the demo first if you ever intend to buy it...Better yet go buy jagged alliance 2 unfinished business (not the ♥♥♥♥ing remake), a game that's been developed in 1999 looking way better, playing way better and waay more engaging than this pile of garbage... in order to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥you're going to need to overlook a lot of things.Stay away from this game... as far as possible..."
76561197984119810,Recommended,239840,9791671,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,BillyBobCledus,"Very fun, even in its alpha stage. Made by the same developers as Age of Decadence, and it shows."
76561197981548323,Recommended,239840,30953506,Posted: 4 April,all,Shonkawakan,"well... Yes, i do recommend this game to any casual player looking for some casual experience in a game featuring things as  named in its description and shown on screenshots and in videos. Like turn-based combat, zombies, bandits, survival etc.On the other hand, i'm anything but one feeling like ready to offer a competent judgement on this game's potential as a turn-based one, or compare it to any other tb game, as i prefere real time action.It turned out to be interesting enough  for me to play tho, and i'll definitely give it a couple more attempts (My 1st playthrough was on full hard settings, and i haven't gone too far (it's bound here to how long your main character survives). Failed to collect enough antibiotics and died of infection:).About 7\10 overall, a good game."
76561198056142927,Not Recommended,239840,34903174,Posted: 12 September,all,syskilla,"I enjoyed a few aspects of this game. The morale system and assigning people to work on your base is a neat addition. But the combat, oh the combat. You can't really sneak up on anyone, it puts you into the turn based combat before you get a chance. Then if say a looter dies to a zombie, you have to sit there and wait for the looter to come back alive as a zombie, there is nothing you can do as he is lying on the ground at your feet but wait. And It is absolutely maddening to have 4 people with weapons surrounding a zombie and have all 4 miss every single hit, regardless of the 90% THC. Thats 10 swings from 4 people with 0 hits. That is when I unistalled."
76561198048796400,Recommended,239840,13820436,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,War-Tuned,All people in this game look out of shape and they are completely mongaloyde looking goofs. 10/10
,Recommended,239840,12867608,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,TornadoSponge,This game is awesome. I made an error and i was grouchy when i wrote this review. Game is perfect.
,Recommended,239840,14100309,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Ex Nihilio,One of the best zombie survival games out there with excellent gameplay.
,Recommended,239840,16522118,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,AlcoholicTeenMom,"-Made a character-Negotiating with zombies doesn't work entirely-Looters are ♥♥♥♥♥es, except for me-Found a camp two hours later-Looters told me to go away-Stole their flare gun and they shot at me-Ran in circles until the zombies and looters fought each other-Stole their stuff because I'm a boss♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Watched them die before running awayPretty awesome game so far. I'm addicted. It's like Final Fantasy Tactics mixed with a table top game and some State of Decay."
,Recommended,239840,14234656,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Demonale,At first the game looked like a bad b rated movie but once I bought the game it turned out to be a completely diffrent. The mechanics of the game is awesome as well as the graphics and story line.
76561198003404877,Recommended,239840,13902017,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Hobnobb,"Surprisingly good game.Read a lot of negative reviews, but I have had zero problems with bugs.If you enjoyed Fallout 2, Jagged Alliance, and similar games from the past, then you will most likely enjoy this game as well.Fallout 2 Gameplay + Base building + Zombies = Awesome entertainment"
76561198050540147,Recommended,239840,13061954,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,High Horse,Going to get straight to the point- Takes a while to get into it- Once you're in and have gained more survivors it's really fun- In the time that I've played I have only discovered 2 bugs- You really need to save before going into combat because you'll probably die- I didn't think that a zombie game could pull off this angle and turn based stratergy combat but I was wrong- Upgrading your shelter is important and should be top priorityI'd rate the game 8/10
76561197983688965,Recommended,239840,13045464,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Apn,I took the priest in our group who wanted to form a 'society' in the survivor camp and shot him in the face.I told the other suvivours he went away.i trained his daughter to be the fiercest zombie killing machine in the world.she 'likes' it10/10 i would shoot the priest again
76561198081433007,Recommended,239840,12676892,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,covertgrain43,"i love this bloody game. it takes a great zombie game and turns it into a strategy game where you scavenge, recruit friendly survivors and build your shelter into a fortress. this game has so much potential. i hope the developer makes a sequal because this game is awesome, it just has something that other 21st century games lack i dont know what it is though.To anyone who reads this review and likes zombie/strategy, BUY THIS GAME!!!!(hint for newbies) don't underestimate the importance of the taser, it's great for incapacitating tough foes giving youa chance to beat the crap out of him before he can retaliate."
76561198120398885,Recommended,239840,12941711,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,psychotron666,"Okay, so I'd be one of the first gamers to tell you that I do not buy early access games, even if i really want to play it, i dont want to ruin the finished product for myself. Well this game changed that for me. Specifically, it was reading reviews from people hailing how awesome the game was with over 500 hours logged into this game - an early access game with that many hours clocked in by one person really grabbed my attention.So, going out on a limb i decided to get this game - figuring hey, I'll at least get access to the full version when it comes out, and probably cheaper than if i waited.A good choice, I think. Now I only just started playing the game, but holy crap is it addicting as all hell!So, to start, the main gameplay of this game is a turn based RPG, much like Fallout 1 and 2 (hell even the UI is layed out the same for the most part), except you have a party of 4 that you take out on ventures with you. But the game is so much more than that.The travelling around and fighting is actually a small part of this game. The core of the game is that you're basically the leader of a Zombie apocalypse team that found themselves barricaded in a School. The school is your base, and you can upgrade the base with tons of different things, like a better fence, a workshop, a garage for fixing and building cars, and so much more.So how it works, is the game day starts at 8 am, and you got free roam of your school. You can go around talking to your team members, ask them about their attitude and certain things they'd like you to grab them from the field such as soap, or chocolate or what have you (getting these items for them will increase their morale, which plays a huge part in this game, but I'll get to that).You have a white board in the cafeteria, where you can allocate your members to go do certain jobs during the day, each job takes varying hours (and will decrease if you get another member to help them with it), mechanical jobs will go much faster if you have someone with a high mechanical skill doing those jobs.Each member has their own set of skills (as well as the PC that he chooses at the beginning of the game, and can increase as you 'level up') and you decide what jobs they do depending on their skills.While the rest of your team is doing jobs (you can have the PC do some of these various jobs, but you cant do anything while that happens), you can pick a team of up to 4 members as your raiding party. With these guys you can leave your base and get to travel the map (which is literally a map of texas, with all the interstates and towns and cities and all that). Travelling the map takes time, and is slower or faster depending on your travel method. At the start, you can only travel by foot, but later on you can get horses and even cars to speed up the process.As the time goes by during the day, your members back at base will be doing their tasks you assigned them, while you are finding random super markets, hospitals, neighbourhoods, and so on and looting any materials you can find, weapons, food, luxuries, parts and tools and so on.However, you MUST be back at your shelter by 3 am, otherwise you get a game over (im pretty sure, i never let myself be out that long yet), so obviously you cant travel too far from base without some sort of transportation.While going to various locations, you must avoid or kill zombies, who are not only hostile but if they get a bite on your allies while their health is low, they infect them. Your allies, if infected will go up to 3 days without treatment before they will kill themselves or turn into zombies and attack you. There are antibiotics you can find that as long as you have them in stock, your allies will take them staving off the infection (but not curing it), so you can keep infected allies indefinitely, you just need to have a supply of antibiotics.You can also find other people, looters who are hostile and you must kill to survive, to even other survivors you can recruit to join your cause. However, watch out when firing guns off liberally in a battlefield, as it attracts zombies, and getting guys infected is the last thing you need.On top of all this, the most important part of the game is your shelter Morale. You have a morale level that goes up and down depending on recent events and moods of allies. Every ally has their own morale level that can be increased by giving them special items, keeping a stock of luxury items on hand, and even having other allies do jobs such as cooking for the crew to bring morale up for everyone. Morale is affected by everything, ranging from having broken generators (or no gas to run them) to the amount of food on hand, to having a secure base or what have you.If morale with people get too low, they may find that they are better off out in the wasteland and leave your crew, to even if morale is so bad for everyone you can have a mutiny and your crew will outcast you from your own base.This game is so damn addicting, I wish i had more time to play it haha. I would recommend this game to any RPG fan out there, specifically if you like survival horror. A solid game, and worth the money for sure. I would even go as far to say that this one could be nominated as Game of the Year, especially if im only playing an unfinished product so far."
,Not Recommended,239840,13592820,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Winter,"Rating: 5.5/10.I've been playing this since early access.Pro:- The story-line is good, bring out the taste of the old RPG like Fallout.- Interesting decision making that will affect the storyline.- Highly replayable with different character class.- You can f**k a pretty chick, but only once. I'll give 10/10 if you can f***k all the characters anytime you like, I mean come on in zombie apocalypse dire time we need this.- They did add and change the game feature based on the suggestion from the early access players.Cons:- Until now the character face customization is still not available in full version. When asked they replied the developer will add in this feature when they got time.- Not worth current price, wait for less than 10 dollar or so. Better spend your money on Wasteland 2- Wait until they fix all the F**king bugs, it's still buggy and the developer started to slow down because the sales had slow down as well. *they claimed to fix when they are free (or when people are purchasing this game)- The developer company is greedy. The developer had raised 330K Dollar in kickstarter, which is more than enough to finish an indie game like this and startup a new company. Not to mentioned they got sales on Steam.In conclusion:Game wise, really mixed up.Recommend this game but just buy Wasteland 2 1st and wait for 80% sales. Not worth the current price.The later you buy this game the better"
76561197972216353,Recommended,239840,24507560,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Fujitsu,"I'm a huge fan of turn-based combat and post apocalyptic settings, so Dead State was an absolute treat to play.  There are some minor bugs that turn up now and then and some frustrating line of sight issues that allow enemies to shoot at you through walls and doors, but on the whole Dead State is both fun and challenging."
76561198011469837,Recommended,239840,30512772,Posted: 14 March,all,Sir Prise,"As a fan of turn-based combat: I like this game a lot (as you can see how much hours I already spent on this game).It has the same basic principles as for example state of decay:1. fighting zombies2. scavenge food, medicine, ammo, construction materials and gasoline to survive3. fortify your baseThe difference is that it has turnbased combat instead of being a FPS, there is much more social management, the devs invested more time in portraying the characters, there is more freedom of choices and it is overall a great rpg/strategy game.One of the finer aspects is that you'll meet a lot weird characters and other survivor factions and it's up to you how to deal with them. You can trade with a survivor faction or kill them and take all their stuff. The characters you meet may join your faction or you can kill them or you can leave them to their fate.The atmosphere is very realistic. The people in the game usually don't or didn't behave in a morally correct way in such times of anarchy. The absence of law enforcement always lead to the way of nature: survival of the fittest! In a modern sense.So, yes, I recommend it. And thanks to the devs for this great game!"
76561197967938517,Recommended,239840,30264931,Posted: 1 March,all,Cagey,"I really enjoyed this game. Over 130 hours in, and my base is fully upgraded and I'm going out on scavenging runs and bringing back loot like the best of them. Starting is really difficult, as the post-apocalyptic world is (and should be) harsh. However, once you're established, it's fun going out there and bashing in human and zombie heads.+ Nice soundtrack+ Fun progression+ Sense of achievement+ Lots of characters+ Lots of locations- A bit buggy- Characters (like in real life) can be really whiney- Far too small inventory limit. Why can't you craft bags/carts etc?- Guns are useless as you get swarmed by the entire mapDefinitelyworth the money if you invest the time into it."
76561198074062419,Recommended,239840,16547691,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Accel,Would be even better if it weren't for random crashes.
76561198044216052,Recommended,239840,26586450,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,JCalton,"IF YOU'RE HAVING ISSUES WITH THE GAME CRASHING TRY THIS:http://steamcommunity.com/app/239840/discussions/1/620713633843067876/I was at my wit's end trying to run this game. The longest I could play it was 10 minutes before game crash, freeze (requiring manual close), computer lockup (requiring manual reboot) and game crashing so hard that it caused involuntary reboot (sometimes with BSOD!).I have a fast system with dual GPU's that can run high graphics (I used auto detect), so there's no issues with the base hardware. [I have no issues with any other games.]I used Display Driver Uninstall to install a perfectly new/clean version of my graphics drivers.I REINSTALLED WINDOWS 10! I'm still annoyed at all the stuff I have to reconfigure or reinstall.Even after that, the game failed again and again.I was ready to leave a thumbsdown when I finally found that Troubleshooting Guide.Something on there solved my problem and now the game runs basically fine.If you're having issues with the game crashing, try it before leaving a negative review.I suppose you may not like the actual game but in my opinion what you see is what you get. It's exactly what I wanted.Well, I wanted a game that was supported by the developer, but we can't have it all."
76561198044797961,Recommended,239840,24350230,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Jan,"One of the best turn based roleplaying games ever made. Graphics are decent, but run slowly when show crowds and sometimes crushes to desktop: to avoid problems save quickly as an habit, in this case the effort worth because game is really good. Mechanics is wonderfull, remembers the firsts Fallout titles, but has deeper rules because the player lead a group and their shelter for everything: build upgrades, craft or repair items, manage social conflicts, find more survivals and needs as food, fuel, materials... is really advisable read the manual. Combat is oriented to patience tactics, silence, concealment and ambush. Types of weapons and armours are variety and complete. There are two kind of foes, humans of hostile  factions and classic zombies. The sandbox map is huge, with 60 locations, each with a specific situation. Think logically is important, decisions bring consequences and different endings.Texts of choices and missions has no bugs. Touch every common topic of apocalyptical genre, and is really long: explore every corner take circa 200 hours. By the adult dialogues, lack of frenzy action and technical issues, not recommendable for teenagers."
76561198151671972,Recommended,239840,14317372,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,dzjengiskhan,"After playing big games like for instance elder scrolls online, (disapointments) i really enjoyed this modest game, It has a great story line and a rewarding gameplay. They put a lot of thought in the characters! If you really follow what the characters say , its even very funny.Despite of a lot of bugs in the game  i liked it, that says a lot. Even with all the bugs, the game is good enough to let you ignore them, also because they are not game breaking bugs.Some unresponding enemy´s. often in your advantage. Some problems with buildings, with more then two stories. And an occasional reaccuring problem with a friend standing in the middle of a hospital bed.So decide for yourself, i'll give the game a thumbs up because i think the game deserves it, but keeping in mind that there are still bugs that need to be fixed.For the money that i payed for it, i can ignore the bug's but now the game is finished (to soon) i think that with those bugs it's a bit to expensive. The developers should finish their game.Edit/There was another update, so that´s positive. I will have to play the game again, to see what´s what. After i do that i will edit this review.Conclusion, I liked the game and i don´t have any regrets buying it. No it´s not perfect, but it´s something else."
76561198039360437,Recommended,239840,14653334,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The Shacks,"Awesome little game, quite addictive and I adore the effort they went through to make sets feel like they're a part of a zombie apoc, as opposed to some games I can think of. My only gripe is the game is way too easy. I've never had anyone die, people should be dying left right and center. That and it suffers from static looking NPCs, takes away from the base-immersion slightly. Still I immagine double-bear wll work on these elements."
76561197988141081,Recommended,239840,14636711,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,duralek,"ENGUnfortunately a lot of fall games, but this is my favorite game of survival.CZEAž na spoustu neočekávaných pádu hry, je tohle jedna z mých oblíbených survival games."
76561198105346585,Recommended,239840,26513382,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Monokuma,Excellent zombie survival game. give it 9.5/10
,Recommended,239840,15480851,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Strangeblades,This is a good game.
,Recommended,239840,16553630,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,thewolfnextdoor,"I first heard about this game in a gaming magazine back in 2010. I got all hyped about it, and kept going online to see if I could learn anything else about the game. I slowly began to lose interest as it seemed the game would never come out. Now, here in 2015, I finally have the game I was so hyped for!10/10 would wait another 5 years!"
76561198002588949,Recommended,239840,16538326,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Captain_C,"A zombie RPG with base building and depth.  Combat reminds me a bit like the original Fallout.  Skill trees, upgrades, resource management, being able to give your other surivors meaningful orders....There is literally no part of the above that is done poorly.  Cannot recommend enough if what you are looking for is described above.  The tutorial is a bit long though, so many features are disabled until you are a few hours in.  Don't judge it based on the first couple missions; everyhting isn't unlocked yet."
,Recommended,239840,17245195,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ty 哈,Not bad.6/10
76561198122916952,Recommended,239840,20672328,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Rodimus Mike,I played the hell out of this. It's very much like X-Com and other turn based games that tried top recapture that magic. Dead State is the closest I've come to something as good.
76561198030785103,Recommended,239840,26227699,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,DracoDruid,"The game is quite nice for a zombie survival RPG + base builder. The only thing that's really a negative is the inventory handling as you have to select either all items or every single one individually.@Developers:Please consider adding the following:- Select all (left/right) for the car inventory- PLEASE! Make all items stackable to infinity. As item slots is not an issue, only weight, there really is NO need to let items like armor and weapons not stack!Thx!"
76561198144986666,Recommended,239840,32462066,Posted: 15 June,all,Ragpicker,Definitely one of my favourite games
,Recommended,239840,14557610,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Pristine Egg Mayo,"This masterpiece combines combat with zombies with a rich story. That means unlike most of the zombie games out there, you can actually consume your mountain dew and doritos in relative peace while giving the zombies a taste of their own medicine."
76561197961249924,Recommended,239840,18192962,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,[ __ ] Teaks,"Surprisingly good!  I wouldn't give $30, but would value it at $15-$20 easily (grab during a sale).I've loved turn-based squad strat games since JA2.  I'd still rank that as the top; give 2nd place to Silent Storm (up until they bring in the unicorn suits of rainbow bright), and give this one 3rd place.  Just finished my first full playthrough:PRO's: Solidly done turn-based squad strat game.  It's got a base with lots of upgrades, tons of loot, decent selection of weapons, limited resources (ammo, grenades, fuel, etc), good character progression, zombie killing fun, base management, character interactions are fun, etc.  Basically it's got a LOT of stuff done RIGHT.CON's:   Not as many different weapons or upgrades as I'd like (thinking JA2 again); approx 3-6 per ammo type (7 ammo types; maybe 20-25 weapons total).  The side stories are limited in content and usually amount to: bring character A to place B from their past; get special dialog, end of quest.  Not bad, but could have been made into much more.  There are a few bugs; I had about 8 crashes total over my playthrough, but with ample auto-saves you never lose more than the last 10-20 minutes.  Last and biggest complaint is the simplistic AI.  Dont expect you're enemies to Mcguyver up an ultralight and surprise you with an L-shaped.  It's just not there, still: what do you expect from zombies?Still a postive experience; really recommend this one if you're a fan of the genre."
76561198172133329,Recommended,239840,18062544,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,cloud9,pretty good game. its just the npc is really anoying they like a spoiled brat who do what they really want. and most of npc are ♥♥♥♥ing psycho.
76561198006531025,Recommended,239840,18711144,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Drmrfreckles,"This game caught a lot of flack at first because it was released a bit early, and if we are talking honestly it probably did. It was buggy and I would save often cause I knew lots of things could go wrong. I think that effected the ratings quite a bit. BUT with the new changes and even before this game holds up.  If you like people and recourse managment you'll like this game. There is a real sense of urgency, of trying to squeeze as much out of everyday as you can. Once you have 20+ mouths to feed you have to be sure everything is gonna run smoothly. The human enemies are certainly tough and finding new ways to fight each group or situation is always entertaining as well as challenging."
76561198013782504,Recommended,239840,14939774,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,sqeakpet,Love this game. Very addictive and fun.
76561198106224847,Recommended,239840,15761495,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TBP,"I agree that the game took some time after release to be enjoyable, but that s what it became. All in all it is a good game, one of the best IMO about zombie survival. All that are fans of X-com/UFO/Fallout will love this game."
,Recommended,239840,19227454,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,VoiD,"Great little gem, the graphics aren't impressive and the UI looks a little bland but don't let them fool you, the game itself is very good, you get to explore a dead world, face hostile survivors, avoid (if you want) to kill innocent ones, even if they are rather aggressive and manage your shelter by building upgrades, negotiating with the people inside, dealing with the forming factions, listening to requests and making decisions. There really isn't something like this in the market right now."
76561198027520782,Recommended,239840,18644638,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,DominixxVI,great underrated game
,Recommended,239840,16635772,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Austin39,Create a characterName AustinFirst day.Go out for supplyMeet the first zombieCombatAustin dieEsc
76561198198915707,Recommended,239840,16936876,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,fredfisher,"Dead State has positives and negatives.  I expected a completely open world which, frankly, has been a standard since Might and Magic and Baldur's Gate.  I restarted the game to carefully follow the tutorial.  Then I had to figure out myself how to find locations on the map when they're not already marked so I restarted again because I lost a day or two.  Later I learned that you will not find some locations until an ally tells you about them.Despite that, I found Dead State to be fun and engrossing.  The shelter, the upgrades, the morale system, and the crafting system are all excellent.  Combat is flexible and you can approach a fight in many different ways.  I spent about 30 hours on the first 16 days and enjoyed it a lot.After that, I started to find some of the religious, political, and personal issues of the allies to be a pain in the butt.   I just wanted to survive the zombie apocalypse not be a politician and social counselor.   If there are zombies around your fence, aren't people going to be a little more concerned about survival.  Some of these allies that  show up are just plain unrealistic.  It's like Dead State turned into some nightmare, reality show.Finding comfort items and medicine for allies was great.  Looking for family members - awesome.  Beyond that, if things are brought up I'd rather look at it through the lens of surviving the immdediate threat of zombies.  For most people, I think a safe place from zombies is more than enough to keep their morale up.  Just my opinion.So I'm giving the game a qualified thumbs up."
76561197996537161,Recommended,239840,16812610,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,HfG≈EaterOfFetus (SR),"this game is awesome. i had alot of fun with it. i love the turn based combat and the stratagy involved, dont make to much noise, maybe use a bat this time? lol worth the money and worth the play. the DEVs did a great job with the new update too. buy this game."
,Not Recommended,239840,16780612,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Nomadius,"I would recommend this game when it's on sale. I liked the gameplay a lot at first, until of course about 40-45 hours. Tryed my best to like it but I can't. I am a fan of turn-based strategy games.My negative opinions1.) Waiting for the zeds to load2.) The graphics look cheep and agonizing and get annoying to look at3.) Lag spikes depending on how many zombies in a zone4.) The buttons, inventory, and other options are setup badly and should be easier to handle5.) Minor bugs.6.) Shelter design is poor and getting around the shelter is sloppy7.) CameraBrief Explanations ^--------------------(1) Annoying as ♥♥♥♥, waste of time, and the number one reason. Waiting for AI to wait a turn even if they don't need to move that round should really be fixed (2) They should have better avatars (3) Can get really laggy - on two story buildings and when dealling with large number of AI (4) Looks like something out of a free online game(5-7) minor issuesOverall, this game gave me high hopes from the store page, but left me with a bad taste. Maybe ide have 150-200 hours if the creators of Deadstate wanted to make a good game.Only recommend on sale!"
76561197995771280,Recommended,239840,14399041,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Lobo[WU-T],"Pros:  Great game, lots of relevant moral decisions.  Interesting characters, cool weapons and loot.Cons:  Still pretty buggy.  None of the bugs I found are game breaking, but they can be annoying.Overall, I say the game is worth the money.  At this time I've got 36 hours in, only a couple restarts, and I still have plenty of game to go."
76561198032085445,Recommended,239840,14715053,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,cosmickobal,"While there are some issues like the occasional random crash, sometimes wonky camera controls, a lack of an indicator for max carrry weight while looting something(95.3/110 for example. all you see is the 95.3). and most recently, the innability to communicate with a dog I found in a house because apparently with dogs i can only speak to them from behind, and this dog has his back to a wall, so i can't interact with it at all, I would certainly recomend this game to SHTF gamers and people who enjoy RPG meets base building.Its kind of like 'wasteland 2' meets 'state of decay'/'the walking dead'EDIT: almost a year since the last time I reviewed this game, and while it feels more polished in a lot of ways, it still has some issues.still no max weight indicator like 95.3/110.00. all you see while looting is the 95.3. you have to go directly to your inventory to see your actual max carry capacity.when a particular character jumps the fence and leaves the shelter during the night, the narrative and dialogue tell me that he took ONLY his axe and that he wasnt the type to steal, and yet the electrified baton, corrogated shield, and the armor with 8 defence(whos name escapes me) are missing as well.Enemies sometimes move on top of one another and get 'stuck' where neither one can move, can sometimes attack, and cant be killed(in my experience).The screen sometimes jumps around a bit RIIIIIGHT when I'm selecting my move/attack target and I waste a turn goig in some random direction instead of attacking. this usually isn't too much of a problem, but in a tough fight where every single turn counts... it caused me to waste about 1 hour of time having to reload after the camera jump caused 2 of my party to die."
76561198062986634,Recommended,239840,14281136,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Deadpool,I just bought this game and I already like it. A suggestion on improvements to the game though. There needs to be item trading between party members (atleast outside of combat). Other than that this is a game and definitely worth playing if you are into RPGs of any kind.
76561198013914593,Recommended,239840,15497595,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Darknoble,"Dead State is a different approach to all the Zombie games out there. The game is driven by npc characters personal stories which are many of times linked to missions and side quests. The game's main focus is not on combating zombies but base upgrading and keepings your surviving npcs morale happy and keeping them safe in zombie apocalyptic world. Combating zombies is only an obstacle to these objectives and your base can come under attack by the living and the dead. Among your npcs are personalites that may clash with each other and even you theProtagonist in the story. Zombies can kill you if you dont plan an attack when you approach them in a turn base combat. Outside of combat is free roam. Think of this game like ""This war of Mine"" meets ""wasteland 2"". The developers seem to be continuing to fix bugs and add more contents to this final release game..."
,Not Recommended,239840,9096411,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,GT78,"I updated this review, here why:http://steamcommunity.com/app/239840/discussions/0/624076851253971030/EARLY ACCESS REVIEWAnd after a lot of time there is, Dead State!I was looking forward to this game, since the kickstarted but i was waiting for the Steam realease.First of all remember, you are PRE-ORDERING the game with a little discount ( 5 bucks ) and you will get a demo to play a bit and when it's out you will get the full game!I played it until the end 6 hours in total, explored all the places, scavenging all around the Texas and soo on.I found the game really good, it's interesting and has a great concept and mechaning but he has some things to clarify:1) The game is good for me, i'm a game zombie fan and i always loved such games where you can manage everything and do wathever you want like State of Decay, but i'm a bit disappoint from the Demo because he seems to be always repetitive and it's always the same in everything, for example l was forced to do 3 playgrounds because of some bugs with the Save / Load system and i thinked ""Maybe now it's a bit different, the zombies are in random places, looters are founded in random places and soo on"" but for now it's always the same, zombies in same places and they are even the same textures, looters always at the same places and they don't move except rare times only the loot seems to be random2) I liked a lot the X-Com turn based combat system, it's interesting and i found it fun, even the add of the noise detector it's interesting, wich means everything you shot your noise have the chance to attract more zombies out and inside the map, this can be used has a lure and a lot of other tactics, for example i explored a place with only my character and i found it with 5-6 Looters with better weapons / armor of me, soo i shotted around and 3-4 zombies of map have come, i lured them to the looters and they have killed almost all of them and the looters have become zombies and they have killed all the other looters then i killed all the other zombies and i conquered the camp with only a revolver and a fireaxe, this concept it's very interesting and can be an obastacle lf you want to use a lot of firearms and going around doing call of duty 360noscope.3) The story for now was interesting, but nothing special i think, i hope this game will become more ""Freeroaming"" because for now he seems too linear and withtout a lot of choice possible, they say the game will be ""Months"" long and with over 10.000 dialogue options but i really hope they will give us a repliability, because there is no point to play this game lf all the things will be always the same except for the little decisions we can make ( Example, to save some survivors, making visits in places and such ), i really hope for a freeroaming game4) The places to visit are not a lot ( around 7-10 for now ) 1 supermarket, 1 pharmacy, 1 enemy camp with bandits, 1 town all of the starting city, 1 resident area of the starting city, 1 random church and other places now i don't remember, they are interesting, very well made and the effects are ok for now, but has i told you they are always the same, zombies in the same places, not too much to interact with just sometimes the bags you found around and i found them already boring for now even because the zombies don't move! I will find it more funny lf random zombies can come out of the map and roam around the map, but for now this can be not a problem, since a lot features are not been implemented yet soo we just need to wait to see the rest of the game for now.5) The crafting part of the game was interesting, but not too much for now. You have the same jobs of some games ( Farmer, Doctor, Nurse, Chemical, Mechanic and soo on ) but for now they can't craft for you a lot even because you can't build the areas you need to make them work. For what i have seen you can only craft some things like lethear armors, military armors and helmets, your own ammunitions for pistols / rifles ecc but there is not too much variety he seems like State of Decay where you can craft only little things like molotovs or fireworks to lure the zombies away.6) The place where your hide it's a school, a normal place we see in some zombie movies or in zombies games ( Like Zombie Fort lf somebody knows that title ) and it's very well maded, a lot of classrooms where can become new areas, basements, garden where you will build farms and other things, but for now everything it's looked. He seems a bit empty for now even because the npc's you have are just stuck in the same place with the same pose and withtout an animation, soo they are like statues and it's a bit sad.7) The animations for now are nothing cool, the zombie animations for when they try to bite you are ok, when they die they use the same pose ( Soo for example lf two zombies dies in the same space, you can loot only one ) and it's nothing different, the walk of the character is nothing special even for the looters and when the zombies uses normal attack they just slap your face sometimes.For me the game is great, he has a lot of potential and can be fun! For now you can't do anything and there is no point to play it more then 1 max 2 times, i hope they will add a lot of random things, they will fix the enemies stuck in the same poses forever, they make the game a bit more ""Live"", random zombies / events and such. For now lf you want it look first on some gameplays on youtube because he can be for now a bit frustrating to buy, or you can simply wait the 3-5 months they said for the game to finish.Thanks for reading and sorry for my bad english, but it's not my main language :3"
,Recommended,239840,9399090,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,DoctorSanchez47,"Also this game is still in its very early stage, it does have its up and downs!At its current stage its very basic. Most of its features are locked and wont be available untill beta and some may not be unlocked until release which they have stated to be in the next 3-5 months unless they do a revamp of alot of its features!If you are interested in this game you can check out the gameplay on my YouTube channel or go onto my profile and check out my videos of the current game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jE-3GlgSq3w&list=UUQI2Z_2nr5-xRaGZFJ90iFQ"
76561198014470600,Recommended,239840,15778320,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Supernerd,"This is really fun and very well done. There are a few key items I'd like to see that are missing, such as a cure, but there are no appreciable problems with the game and is very playable with results for actions and decisions that are made thoughout each play.I'm afraid with the Reanimated update I must revise my review and lower the opinion. While it is still good, it is not as good. If there was a middle option between recommend and not recommend the game, I would chose that. It's really sad to see as it was a great idea."
76561198067126093,Not Recommended,239840,25790924,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BRASSF0X,"The optimization in this game is abysmal. I can't believe a simple rpg can run this slowly.For reference, my specs well exceed the recommended settings. Games like Xcom 2 run no problem."
76561198006706270,Recommended,239840,14328598,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,mvandoorn,"I like this game so much I decided to post my first review!Dead Dtate is one of the best post apocalyptic games i've ever played.  Lots  (and I mean lots) of divererse locations, tons of loot, upgradable weapons and armor, interesting characters and fun turn based combat.  Game starts a little slow but events keep occuring to propel the story and make you emphasize with your charcters.  And if you care to do so, listening to the radio and reading the data discs found in missions provide a wonderful immersion into Dead State's world. A 9 out 10 for me (with one point deducted for a somewhat clunk interfae)...."
76561198060579999,Recommended,239840,14111828,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Rabbit09,"One of the best zombie games on steam.In short, here is what you need to know.This is a fun and great zombie game that you will spend many hours on. It  has alot of things going for it, turn based game play, RPG leveling up, base building, good combat.What it lacks is modding, an editor, Has alot of bugs, better quests , more weapons and locations."
,Recommended,239840,14354734,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Xain,"I reccommend this game to anyone that liked the X:Com series games, and likes tactical turn based combat with dire consequences. Quicksave button makes it much more forgiving. But all in all a very good game, and very addicitive. Time flys by while playing so be warned if you have other♥♥♥♥♥♥to do, get on it. Like Xcom with a much more detailed and interactive home base, and toss in the zombie survival aspect."
76561198101799498,Recommended,239840,17402287,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Maniacal Laugh,"great strategic zombie game , if your a fan of the old school  over top strategy genre then you will enjoy this :)"
76561198073088254,Recommended,239840,16047171,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Mwsmart1030,I have edited my review after trying some recommendations for game play made to me. I do enjoy the game play of this game. It reminds me of ye olde days of fallout 2. If you have no idea what that was you wont like this game.
76561198009952893,Recommended,239840,16436046,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Easymode,"this game is very good 20 hours and cant belive i have played 20 hours already , i have liked all the other games these devs have been involved with which is why i have supported them and gotten this game, suppport dubble bear!http://www.doublebearproductions.com/?page_id=2"
76561198111402898,Not Recommended,239840,30956210,Posted: 4 April,all,Killercreal,"Okay the idea of the game is nice, the problem i have with this game is that the combat is not so good, you have a % chance to hit your target even if you sneak up you can miss the attack, how do you miss something that is standing still come on.. there shouldn't be a high miss rate on zombies its not like they are trying to avoid your attack its more understandable if it's a human ai, this is the most let down part of the game to me i wish they could improve on it but until then i can't recommend this game to anyone for now."
,Not Recommended,239840,14906168,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Vegandork,"As many have mentioned, the game is great to start but quickly becomes unplayable.  And not in the ""annoying glitches once in a while way"".  I'll have to reload a quicksave 30-40 times before a glitch isn't triggered.  I liked the game enough to try and get past the crashes, but this game crashes beyond any reasonable amount.  I find it hard to believe this is a finished release.  It's really hard not to consider this stealing."
76561198012389693,Recommended,239840,14332464,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,The Batman,"Went to the hardware store to scavenge parts.Brained a zombie and lifted a pack of cigarettes from his rotten corpse.Found a crusty porno mag in a duffle bag.Took crusty porno mag home and went up to my room to ""end the day""10/10 would scavenge crusty porno mag again."
,Recommended,239840,15862234,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ExVasterist,"*Recorded hours is bull, I've played MUCH longer than 2 hrs*So far, the game is LONG and HARD. Straight off the bat, you'll be hit with a minus ## in morale - don't worry, just keep going out and try your BEST not to get your guys KO'ed. If you see a red skull show up next to a character, HIGHLY SUGGEST that you reload (game autosaves everytime you enter and leave an area) - red skull means infected and will NEVER go away.Love the tactics that can be used in the game, tons of loot EVERYWHERE, there's quite a bit of realism, like the hacking mechanic in the game, and though annoying, panic and horror does make battles harder or easier (depends on which side gets hit by those ""run for your life!!"" character freak outs).Pros:- Dead State uses a REAL map from Texas (the only area that seems made up is ""Splendid"") for the game map.- Lots of different types of enemies.- Sound alerting the undead/infected is a plus for realism.- Large number of built upgrades (as well as equipment modifications).- Unlike a lot of zombie games, there are TONS of recruit-able allies.- There's a vote system (once Vic gets back).- Can pick lock doors, disarm security alarms, or simply kick the door in.- And a powerful yet unstable psycho character can join you (sad when I lost him).Cons: (a lot need correcting and fixing)- Typos and spelling errors EVERYWHERE!- Tutorial mentions that you can sneak up on enemies (FALSE).- Animals and Crawling infected are far more likely to KO player than those standing up! (WTF?)- Feeling of being forced to build places (allies want it, don't get it done by #day, they leave).- Boyfriend infuriated you didn't tell him about girlfriend (not spoiling) even though you are NEVER given the option TO TELL HIM (add the option, makes zero sense to not be able to tell him an him getting infuriated cause you didn't say anything!!).- Turn Order (top right of screen) - Understand when the enemies you're fighting are in the turn order display, but SERIOUSLY cycling through EVERY SINGLE ENEMY ON THE LEVEL? (Big Con!)- Characters in Panic/Horror can make losing pretty easy (both pro and con).- Areas do not respawn loot & enemies (realism is a pro) but expects player to remember if area is cleared completely or not (# of times visited and days since last visit is ok, but having to remember what is cleared an what isn't can get annoying and wasteful since Time isn't on our side).- Allies' Moods feel broke - It gets frustrating & annoying when despite your efforts, the ""moods"" don't ever seem to change (Morale is oddly separate from this).- Cannot pick skill & stat point use for Allies. Though it adds to challenge, it still blows that the skill & stat points for allies is out of the player's control, this just forces a player to not bother with the pathetic allies, keep the important ones at home, and pray the allies that go out with you don't focus on a skill you don't favor (more of a con than pro).- And Todd. He prays while we act. He thanks god instead of us. Seriously tempted to commit Wrath on him....Despite all the cons in the game, frankly Dead State is STILL a good game. There's a lot of stories in this game based on the characters you befriend, and those you just outright want to body slam through a wall. Feels like Final Fantasy Tactics meets The Walking Dead - both very good games, and Dead State feels like a mix of the two.Yeah there's a lot of cons that I listed, and not many pros - but most of the cons are personally (my opinion) what needs to be fixed, changed, and corrected by the developer of Dead State. Once those are taken care of, the pros will undoubtedly outnumber the cons.The game's graphics aren't spectacular, but the visuals matter little when the gameplay is experienced.To the Game Developer of Dead State - Please take note of the listed Cons, most are errors, typos, bugs, and others are simply game mechanics that need adjustments.This game could be awesome, COULD BE (has the potential), but right now its just a good game. I've barely explored the map, gotten many tough battles, and made quite a number of interesting allies.Honest Opinion of the game: 7.5/10.If most of the listed cons are fixed, changed, or adjusted, it could easily become 9/10."
76561198040733741,Recommended,239840,14157498,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,JonseyMcDanes,"Dead state is like banging the person of your dreams in an ant hill, sure its great but the bugs are everywhere."
,Not Recommended,239840,29893058,Posted: 12 February,all,srdaniel,"I really wanted to give this a thumbs up, but there are just so many issues that should have been addressed.  I'm guessing there wasn't much QA done on this game.- During combat, camera constantly re-positioning, highly annoying- Can't have more than one person crafting the mulitples of the same ammo- I fixed the car, built every upgrade, and then was never use the damn thing- Multiple story/quest goals broken if you advance to quickly- Can't toss thrown weapons onto an occupied tile- So many other combat issues that could/should have been addressed by QA"
76561198007258011,Recommended,239840,12113925,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,heritic,"I love the game, I just want there to be xp from more than just completing tasks, (killing zombies, killing anything lol, lockpicking, ect.) there should be experince gained from things you gain experince from (even if its like GTA San Anderas where doing that paritcilar activity raises thats activitys xp points).  I also cant wait for mods i really want a endless game (respawning loot at zones, endless survivors at saftey zones, as long as you can support more survivors you should be able to get more).  One last thing, I really think you should be able to send out as many survivors as you want on missions."
76561198002558276,Recommended,239840,11301906,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Motorola,"Very good hysometric style post apocalyptic zombie game with intriguing quest and story, tons of dialogues and hard choices, old style combat and inventory.Very good potential, cant wait to see the full release, if you want a fresh breath in the zombie genre, ii definitly recommend this game."
,Recommended,239840,28699046,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Smoker,So worth 5$ - Base building exploring tactical rpg
76561198032087325,Not Recommended,239840,14863987,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,scot.hargan,"All that time wasted,I finally get things under control, remove the bad apples from my group and what does the game do, The game shoots you in the head if your moral is not above 0. Go back a few saves and do things different, still shoots you in the head.  Apparently you were expected to play the game thru as a leader the placates the week and stupid characters, even though you are given the options during dialog to play a strong leader, but if you do play that way, without warning the game just kills you.  Even this could be forgiven if it did not take so long to get to this point. I will not waste another minute of my life on this game, and neither should you. Now I am off to clear up some wasted hard drive space… This game was one inch from being great then it shoot itself in the head."
,Not Recommended,239840,31442268,Posted: 29 April,all,matthewlightfoot89,"I used to be really into this game. I played about 90 hours, then a glitch kept me from finishing one of the story missions; and so I dropped it for awhile. I uninstalled it and went my merry way. But a few months later I tried to reinstall (hoping that the glitches had been fixed in a patch) and now it won't work at all. It say's that it's running, but nothing but white screen. If you can get it to work without glitches, bully for you."
,Not Recommended,239840,9676613,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Believer of Bob,bit of a waste reallykept me interested for 10 mins......wouldnt waste ya money :\
76561197986420960,Not Recommended,239840,9174058,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Twitchy,not yet atleast
,Recommended,239840,13214327,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,B-Bounce,"Very nice ideas in the Game, its more complex then it looks first. and the Black Humor is awesome:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=350563411wtf ? xDThe fight system works good, and they're many stuff and guns to loot in the Game. I Also like the decisions that you must make. More Realistic then any other Zombie Game in this category.I highly recommend it."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,239840,11902775,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"Such potential.....Thing is it looks and plays like a N64 game, the animation are laughable but yet it still could be fun.BUT there are no difficulty settings, yes weird i know, im only on my third mission i think it is and they tear my team apart, leaving 2 or 3 of them standing full health with guns and even shotguns, the balance is pathetic tbh.Oh and i have hardly seen any Zeds, every enemy is a Human Looter, sheesh.If you want TBC then go for Xcom, Wasteland 2 and The Banner Saga, all of these are far far superior and polished than this, as they would be as this one is early Release, but you can see the style etc they are going for.Its just the little effort in things i notice, but the graphics are terrible, the animations are from the 80's, all forgiveable if the gameplay was addictive, and it is not, as mentioned the difficulty is very very hard and there is NO difficulty settings at all, combined with the poor, even terrible unbalance makes it a hell to play.I wont reccomend it till its further down the line , but keep a eye on this one it ccould be good in the end, but with the unbalance its just infuriating to play, its certainly not fun."
76561198073223353,Not Recommended,239840,9143356,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Peter,"I love zombie games. State of Decay, Project Zomboid etc etc. I don't love this. I don't even like this. Combat is awful. Story is completely missing. (I do realise it is an Alpha but seriously.) Dialogue choices matter precisely 0%. Map system and how you move about is even worse than the combat.Furthermore, you - and I, have been lied to. This is not early access in the slightest. It's a demo. Which you will be able to get for free when it's released. DO NOT BUY IT YET. Maybe I jumped the gun, loving everything zombie. But that was 19 pounds I'll never get back. Wait till the demo is free,I even followed this game during development, and on their site for years it has had nothing about demos or release dates, and now they are selling the DEMO. Not early access. I realise I have mentioned this twice but that is how much it F***ed me off."
76561198024626897,Not Recommended,239840,9131434,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,StanistheManis,I liked the looting part and interaction between the different characters but unfortunately the cons out weigh the pros. as for the cons here's a list.1. Bad combat. the combat needs to be improved for example the cop in the game misses almost all the time with the pistol even though the target is right next to him.2. No checkpoints. If you die that is it and you have to start over from the beginning. maybe a hardcore mode/regular mode?3. The esc key. If you press the esc key in game it takes you to the main menu and loses your game progress so you have to start over.( this is what did it for me to make this review)4. main character is the only one able to go out in the world. granted you can bring people with you but you can't send people to different locations to collect supplies? little unrealistic.5. Being able to target your party in combat is very frustration. why is that even an option?!I understand this is still beta/early game release and there is more work to be done but until these issues are fixed Im not playing it again. this game has great potential. don't ruin it
76561198006671041,Not Recommended,239840,9097984,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Voren Redden,"Amazing thing here, Works quite well, looks good, great idea so far. I would totally invest in this. Except for one problem. Its not a game, Its actually a conviently hidden 'demo' of the game. Your essentially paying 25$ for a demo, nohing more. I may be wrong but most sources seem to point toward it, and so does the game menu. I reccomend placing your money elsewhere till this is worked out and we can get an actual answer on that."
76561198067054607,Recommended,239840,24677149,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mauro Madness,It's a pretty good game. To me it's sort of state of decay as a turn based RPG. State of decay is way better but this isn't bad. Combat can be very tedious as a good portion of the game. I  do like what they were trying to do but in a world of endless rouge type games and turn based games it's hard to keep my attention. I still recommend the game if you have a lot patience and love XCOM and turn based RPGs
76561197982139585,Recommended,239840,11436409,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Vanned,"so far the game is extremely promising, as long the devs dont screw it up."
76561198019939154,Recommended,239840,25427073,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,dragon1982,A good game but hard to get the hang of basically a steep learning curve but it's worth it for the storyline and overall feel of the game
76561198072644518,Recommended,239840,25445297,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Reb,"One of my favorite games of ALL time.  Fell in love with it from the very beginning and highly, highly recomend this game.  If you love turn-based games with the zombie/survival background, it's really a MUST HAVE."
76561198003574702,Recommended,239840,9097940,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,KiNGHuNT,"This game in a nutshell :1. If you are a fan of Jagged Allience series , Xcom series then this game is for you with the zombie survival flavor2. Have alot of potential, i love how they look at small details3. Very early stage, buy only if you want to support the developers, but when the game is finished , will be worth it."
76561198109512613,Recommended,239840,9162832,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Little Pilgrim,I cant even leave the main base. Why did I buy this
76561198105733762,Recommended,239840,33233668,Posted: 4 July,all,AMPZ th DEGENERATE,"If you have a gf, partner or significant other they will probably think you have died in the last 50+ hrs of having purchased this game"
76561197993723445,Recommended,239840,31813179,Posted: 17 May,all,pkramer,"This game is certainly rough around the edges but it is an unpolished gem. It has oldskool turnbased combat like the first Fallout games, it has basebuilding, lots of companions to join you, which can lead to conflict among your companions and you'll have to make meaningful choices. Especially if you have infected companions because they take a lot dedication to keep alive while resources are already scarce to begin with. If you like the Walking Dead, you will like this game if you have the patience to play complex, isometric, turnbased RPG's. The Telltale games come nowhere near in capturing the horror of a zombie acopalypse like Dead State does. Whomever decided the development of Dead State should be terminated should be fired and preferably hanged."
76561198053671782,Recommended,239840,17856730,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Deathlands,"The definition of the success, to me, is how addicted I am to this game. This game totally got me addicted! It is a successful rendering of Fallout 1 and Tactics. My wife was like, ""what the hell are you doing? Why are you glued to the computer day and night."" I haven't experienced that since the original days of Fallout.Indie games rarely draw me in. But I must applaud this game's success. Some reviews complain about picture quality and easy level of the game. It is exactly what I am looking for. This game is for those who miss the old days of Fallout 1 and Tactics. I am enjoying this game very much. It caters to a specific group looking for a specific kind of game. It is not for everyone.If you dislike action, open world/crafting/multi-players, RTS and prefer old fashioned turn-by-turn, RPG games. Then this game will be for you."
76561198065721464,Recommended,239840,17860468,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Mark,"Based on the latest release of - Dead State: Reanimated.Progress through Dead State proved reminiscent of pre-millennial RPGs such as Fallout 1/2, Baldurs Gate and to a lesser extent, Vampire: Bloodlines. I'd consider this the highest praise I can bestow a game.The creative minds at Double Bear were involved in the creation of such cult games and have succeeded in achieving the sense of wonderment I found absent both in Pillars of Eternity and Wasteland 2, both of which attempted the same trick of capturing the essence of these earlier titles. Personally, I found both PoE and WL2 shallow interpretations, with story, immersiveness and game mechanics triaged for improved graphics. I suspect both titles will be forgotten while the legacy of their predecessors will continue.Given the teams behinds those particular titles were also involved in the creation of what I consider the ""golden-age"" era of cRPGs, I'd just about given up hope of finding another immersive isometric RPG. Maybe the real minds behind the greatest RPGs had left the business, died, or transcended to a higher plane of existence. Maybe, like myself, they were tired of the excreta being squirted out and trotted about as the ""greatest RPG of all time"" every few months. Maybe it was time to find a different hobby.Thankfully, at least one of the minds involved in the creation of cult classic RPGs is still among us.  The sense of an expansive and hostile world awaiting exploration, the advancement of both your character and relationships within the base alongside combat that retains old-school strategy but boosted with modern animations is unique among modern RPGs.The personal interactions are significant, with extensive dialogue trees that vary depending on your own actions and the emotions and morale within the base. Plus, there are a huge number of friendly NPCs, with 90% being unique and memorable. As an example, you can negotiate with a Vietnam veteran to kill his infected wife and join your base. You can either encourage his martial mentality, or relegate him to the kitchen. He can end up drunk and you can either admonish, mock him or give him time to recuperate. You can improve his mood with cigars and bourbon. You can encourage him to recover his old combat skills or serve the base more domestically. He can confront and threaten you if your leadership suffers, and you can either regain his support through negotiation or shoot him in the back as he leaves your room and insult him as he bleeds to death. Such extensive interactions are present with the majority of the NPCs within your base. This isn't Dragon Age type fluff, you aren't bored with slowly voiced over descriptions of the sexual preferences of Quinari princesses in the lands of make-believe. The topics of discussion are life and death, the answers are realistic, sometimes grim, and darkly humorous or a distraction used prior to a sneak-attack.Yes, the zombie premise has been overdone. Yes, there are bugs (Fallout 2 and Bloodlines were also released in such a state). Yes, it can be hard to maintain morale and food in your first game. Yes, you may found the graphics not the greatest. If the screenshots are repulsive to you, this won't be your preferred game type. This game has depth and complexity, not 4D-quantum-parralax-10.1 reflective sunbeams accentuating the convexed-v-synced-bump mapped textures of the player characters rear end, each bun modelled with a 6-point physics skeleton for life-like jiggle as you waddle around. This isn't style over substance.The Easter Eggs, such as the Friggin Chikin scratch card and bill-board signs, plus Dougs nerdy advice about attacking those crazed meth addicts with critical hits to their eyes is appreciated fan-service to those of us who immersed ourselves in such iconic RPGs almost two decades old. Dead State may seem out of place in the current horde modern RPGs, however it restores my faith that future RPGs can retain the same complexity, intrigue and challenge that made their predecessors so renowned."
76561198069160630,Recommended,239840,17968841,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Wildfire,"Is this game perfect...no Is this game fun...YES!  I had ups and downs with Dead State, some bugs and some what? moments. and I did get to a point where i was asking...does it have an ending. But after all is said and done I did enjoy playing this game. Alot of people give it as hard time for bugs and problems... some are true, but at the end of the day it is still a fun game."
76561198027448739,Recommended,239840,17991407,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Kal'hona dragonguy0,"I personally loved the game, its a different style than a lot of survival games since it actually includes base building. Like the other reviews have mentioned, its missing a few UI things, but honestly, a lot of that I view as cheating slightly, of course you wont know where loot is magically, or who is stronger than another under 20 lbs of armour. Mind you, its not worth the full price of $30, I'd say it falls in the range of about half that, $15 or so."
76561198008997596,Recommended,239840,9803018,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Blyss,"If you're a fan of tactical games, zombie SURVIVAL horror (no, dead island, Left 4 dead, and dead rising do not count), and games that really make you think and plan or punish you severely, then this is the game for you. it's not kind and gentle, and i love it for it!"
76561198003972058,Recommended,239840,9923142,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Roam33,"So far ive played it twice and I enjoy the game design, but do not enjoy the fact that at this point the save option is not working."
,Recommended,239840,11783133,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Aoirann,"Remember Baldur's Gate? Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines? Aracanum? Storm of Zephyr? Well members of the Dev Teams of that grouped together to make this game. While the combat isn't action packed it's not the focus. You and a small group of people are stuck in a small town school. Not even a high school, the towns only school that's K-12. You only got enough supplies for four days and the fence is busted.... What do you do?"
76561198117014448,Recommended,239840,13541468,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Saul Goodman,It pretty fun game . one problem about this game (my opinion) is a lot of bug .... that it.
,Recommended,239840,14642702,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Brownapril,"Yes, I have changed my mind. Now I recommend it."
76561198016899592,Recommended,239840,11899779,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Stan - Plays with power glove™,"Reminds me of the early days of fallout 1 & 2 but with zombies, New beta version has added so much. still much to add but the work is great so far 9/10"
76561197965034662,Recommended,239840,14152571,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Benjamin_Brexit,"If you like the Sims and you like survival horror then your a numpty.  Dead state is a rare thing, its as if someone has actually made a game that has the soul of an 80,s game and the graphics of a 1920,s game but the heart of something that wants to eat you.  QUALITY dayz can rot in the depths of my harddrive, this is pure class."
76561198009258988,Recommended,239840,15675933,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,dannywyze,"This isnt a real review just a few facts. this is a solid early access title; but... wait it isnt early acess, so say the Devs. they say it is a full release. someone should tell them what that means, it doesnt mean having feature in the game that are not available yet, that is a game that is still in development. plain and simple the devs lied hoping to get a few more buys on the game. maybe it was for the right reason, so they can continue updating the game but a lie is a lie."
76561198010413256,Recommended,239840,17819872,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,The Pope,"This is Xcom meets the walking dead. Its a great game, just wish it had a higher budget. I will look forward to sequels!"
76561198007350194,Recommended,239840,18061761,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,xavierferrep,Very addictive!!!!
76561198101287683,Recommended,239840,19212315,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,CraftyBee 63,"This game is fantastic! ive put in 33 hours so far and im really enjoying it! Think walking dead meets xcom, Turn based post apocalyptic zombie brain bashing fun!"
76561198045446661,Recommended,239840,18116458,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Belazarius,"Fantastic. It does have an old school X-com feel, throw in some great writing and NPCs who are fleshed out and you care about. All in all a great game at a great price."
76561197998021051,Recommended,239840,18139923,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Moshiach {tC},"I wish it had better inventory controls, but this is a fun zombie survival game in the great gaming tradition of XCOM and Syndicate."
76561198006649950,Recommended,239840,18901328,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Aussie Hope,"I recommend this game. It is fun, it is challenging, it has good gameplay value. You will enjoy it for 40+ hours, you get ok value for your money.  It's not particulary buggy, it plays well and is balanced. So that's all the good bits.Unfortunately, the game, even the reanimated game, seems like it was never really finished. Unless your not very good at playing these type of games, you will probably level out your base and fully kit out your team a long time before you get close to actually finishing the story line.I never finished the story line, towards the end of the game, it just became a grind, all my people were sitting in the base playing video games, it got boring, even the story got a bit boring, like they had used all their inspiration in the 1st 20+ hours of gameplay.So overall, this is a good game, but it makes you kind of sad, as with a little more work to pace the story line with the skills and gear progression, this would have been an amazing game.Enjoy."
76561198058429000,Recommended,239840,20045850,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Grimsi_Groggs,"brain ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and tbt style battles,exactly like playing a tabletop miniatures game except you can play in recluse solo mode and totally avoid the candyland society outside your home! rock it,see it,mercy it!"
76561198007789907,Recommended,239840,18724132,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,sog,"Excellent game. However, I wish there was a way to kill off the arm-chair dude, or escape to another shelter when things go pear-shaped, as they do."
76561198037277669,Recommended,239840,18862604,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Ova Wolf,when i first saw dead state on steam it looked like fallout 1&2 with zombies don't get excited fallout 3 fan 1&2 nothing like 3 top down turn based when i played it the feel was fallout 1&2 all an all fallout 1&2 were fun games so if you know what i am talking about you will get a game with a same ish feel well worth trying.i believe in youtubing game before i buy to see if it might be fun or lame this one is fun.
,Recommended,239840,18154347,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Gannon,If you like the walking dead series then you'll like this.lots of zed and humans to mess with. the world is great lots of locales to visit and lootbasebulding and micromanagement are needed to upgrade the base and keep your team going.only thing that pisses me off about this awesome game is the same thing that pisses me off in x-com 99% chance to hit and miss♥♥♥♥♥♥ugh the rage.
,Recommended,239840,18536855,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Doeetright,"Looters and Zombies Oh My!  Think Project Zomboid with a Tactical Battle System!Dead State: Reanimated is all about survival, you start off with a small group of people in a shelter and you can choose how you want to expand, when you want to expand, or who you want to expend.  The game comes with some critical choices that you might need to actually read a guide about if you're working on achievements.  Overall the game deserves at least a 7.5/10 from me and I recommend picking it up, below are some of the key reasons why or why not to!Pros:Rather Unique (in what I've played) noise system in which you fire a gun or shoot off a firecracker and things hear it and go to the location.  Makes for more strategic gameplay, can't always be a firefight, sometimes you want to make noise to attract zombies to enemy locations.  Rather cool system.HUGE fan of Tactical Battle systems that are similar Final Fantasy Tactics and Fire Emblem games, mix in just enough looting, inventory management and rpg elements and you have yourself a solid game.If you're a fan of the Zombie Genre, or being able to Control what happens to your ""followers"", like say take them to a random location and stab them to death.  Then this is the game for you.Cons:Bugs - In multiple playthroughs I ended up with a character laying flat on his face in the infirmary.  Not sure what this was about.  There was also an endless encounter between Zombies and Enemy NPCs where I did nothing but press spacebar for a few hours and they fought the whole time (eventually I had to restart the encounter).  Mind you, this game is an indie dev and I'm all about supporting smaller companies, so I assume that these bugs will be fixed at a later date even though that later date may be a while away.Price - This is kind of a big one believe it or not, I got the game when it was a bit cheaper so it doesn't affect me as much.  When there are awesome games like Shadowrun out there and many others in this tactical genre at the 15$ price point it makes me question why this game is double the price.  I could understand 20$, I just think anything more than that for this game is a little much.  It's a good game, sure the dev spent a lot of time on it and all.  I'll wait for Dead State's sister game Age of Decadence to be Bundled or go on sale below the 20$ price point before I purchase it."
,Recommended,239840,16512606,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Shadow Moses OG,Reminds me of Fallout Tactics.
76561198007546807,Not Recommended,239840,18149829,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,chrisjones32,"I would rate this game as a good game however since the game went to Reanimated they killed it, it is now impossible to sneak up on NPC's and kill them NPC's that used to be in the game have since dissapeard, and the inventory system needs fixing which i have addressed to the devs and was ignored which for me has made this game unplayable, i went from really loving this game to now just not interested in it, i just do not know why they tried to fix something that was not broken in the first place when in actual fact by doing this they just simply broke it.WHY did you do it Double Bear WHY!!!"
,Recommended,239840,18810576,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,wozron,"Took charge, tried to accomodate everyone.Special luxury items kept disappearing as soon as I got to the shelter.Couldn't hand them out  to keep people happy.Managed to have wooden fence and watchtower built.Morale plummeting and nothing stops it.Stagger home out of ammo and covered in zombie bites to have to deal with people whining about tedious, pointless interpersonal BS.Davis just shot me in the chest because he was short of coffee and deodorant.Basically a soap opera with guns, zombies, and appallingly bad game design.Definitely worth $10 though."
76561198009509812,Recommended,239840,17755273,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,yorkie1428,"Awesome, I like this game a lot.  It reminds me a lot of the original Fallout games.  It's part RPG and part turn based squad level strategy - both game styles I enjoy.  There's enough content and areas to explore to keep you happy for a long time.  It really does feel like 'The walking dead' in many regards, I think the developers have accurately captured the look and feel of a zombie apocolypse.I'd go as far as to say it's the best game I've played in the last year, and the best zombie game I've seen."
76561198039307966,Recommended,239840,18299816,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,August Spies,Overall I enjoyed the game.  It isn't the most complicated but nonetheless fun to play.  I wish the base setup could have been more challenging and with more options for expansion.
76561198117106772,Recommended,239840,19098555,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,BlueRam,"I love this game!It is fun, addictive, good story, focused on the management of morale in the shelter, I just love it.PLEASE, bring on more game updates with some new maps, characters, stories, option to move the base etc... the options are almost endless, so much room to grow.Also please make the actual character customization more flexible with loads of options, some of us like the portrait to look like the actual character or just give us the option to upload our main character (skin) from a picture like you have done with the portrait as well as edit the survivors.I am looking forward to a bigger update with a huge map, survivor’s animals etc...."
76561198011396912,Recommended,239840,26487796,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,paulsjones,Good fun.
76561198022077967,Recommended,239840,13093977,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,paulm,"Fantastic Game by a fantastic company, first game I have bought in ages that I have genuinely loved."
76561198130830856,Recommended,239840,14395399,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,tcurran,it is better than DayZ.
76561198011877866,Not Recommended,239840,30440519,Posted: 10 March,all,Deryk359,"The game itself is interesting and fun but crashes get progressively more frequent.  Eventually the game started crashing every 20 minutes and I kept finding myself fighting ""invisible"" zombies."
76561198003922712,Recommended,239840,29656269,Posted: 2 February,all,Deus Vult,I think mixed and mostly positive for this game is unfair it's a survivor sim that is well made i would say it's far from perfect but has a difficulty for hardcore players and casual and lots of play time.
76561198026601612,Not Recommended,239840,23470250,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Fayzer,Add this to a growing list of games filed under 'missed opportunity'. What annoys me most about this game is not the slow gameplay or combat mentioned in other reviews but the fact the game state is not the same when when you resume playing a day or two later - it has played on by itself and survivors have gone/died. I just want to be able to save it and resume from where I left off. Apparently there are work arounds for this but I can't be arsed to change files deep in the game directory and then change the computer clock and then spin around 3 times reciting the alphabet backwards - someone just write a program please!
76561197982518233,Recommended,239840,13282289,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Paladin333,"Let me keep it simple.Do you like turn based games?Do you like Zombie set up?Do you like base and team management?If your answer is Yes for all three questions, get this game. It has all of it, and much more to offer."
76561197999597388,Recommended,239840,13274251,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Smig,"Update: I still haven't beaten the game, but there are a few things I'd like to add to my 10-hour first impressions. The positive recommendation didn't change though.Characters still feel bland. The dialog is, for the most part, very generic and there are many characters in my shelter that I barely know, and didn't even bother to get to know their names. Part of the problem here is that, what makes them special (eventually), comes by way of them taking the initiative to talk to the player about their problems or ideas. Those events trigger at different times, and not very often, which means that most will probably remain forgetable for a long time. This system is fine as it is, but I believe there's much room for improvement there.As I found more people, and as I invited them to the shelter, the game became significantly more interesting and I became much more immersed in it. In the morning of each new day people will talk to the player making requests (like not working today), suggestions and other stuff. There are also crisis events that trigger rarely and result in a meeting between the main characters forming a makeshift, small council to discuss an issue. The role of the player is as the leader of this shelter, so he's expected to have the final word in these matters. There will be some moral dilemmas along the way which at times made me really feel responsible for these people well being.As for the difficulty, I described it as escalating quickly in my first impressions, but after getting good equipment and weapons, along with leveling my character with a focus in combat, that difficulty curve quickly peaked and now is taking a big dive. Combat is way too easy now, especially against zombies. Apparently the main character can't get infected, which, along with the fact that they can no longer do any damage even if they hit me, makes them just an annoyance. Other humans still pose some challenge from time to time, but it's rare. I expect another spike in difficulty soon, otherwise I'd have to say this game has severe balancing issues. In terms of shelter management, even with a character build not meant to excel at that, it has become easier lately as well, though not as much. Raising morale, getting enough antibiotics to keep infected survivors alive, and getting fuel are the main causes of tension. It became incredibly easier after getting a horse, and I expect it to become even easier with a car, so again, I expect events to trigger that will put more strain on resources soon.As for bugs, I found quite a few. I recon many are supposed to be fixed soon, but at the time of writing, there will be some glaring small issues that indicate lack of polish. The only really bad ones were crashes, which only started happening recently, but twice in two days, in which I lost some significant progress. It's my fault for not saving, but an auto-save feature would have been very welcome.One thing I'd like to test is its replayability. I want to create a new character that is all about running a shelter, managing people, leading them in combat, but not being a good combatant himself. That should make the game harder, and I like the idea from a roleplaying perspective, although I don't know if a second playthrough can be different enough for that to be fun. On the other hand, I'd like to beat the game first, but I have no idea if I'm close or not.So there, my opinion of the game improved dramatically because I got totally hooked as time went by. I recognize how hard it must be to balance the tension between the combat and shelter management parts of the game, and for the most part, it does a very good job at it. The text below was written much earlier into the game.---This ""review"" was written at around 10 hours of gameplay (so pretty early in the context of this game). Up to this point, my experience with the game has been positive. Here's a quick rundown of my experience with it. I've seen many comparisons with other games, so I'm going to frame this in comparison with them.- Unlike TWOM and XCOM, this one plays from the point of view of a specific character that you create in the beginning.- The character creation is fairly simple, but allows for many different playstyles. From looking at the options available, I see that you could play the main character as ranged, melee, shelter manager/leader, or a mixture. I don't see options that would allow secialization on a stealthy gameplay though, which is disappointing. There's 4 general stats (analogue to Fallout's attributes) and around 10 skills with perk choices built into the skill progression system that allows for even more customization.- There's a shelter stage, and a combat stage that would be familiar to XCOM fans, although unlike XCOM, they play the same. In the shelter stage you walk around the shelter talking to people, assigning jobs / upgrading facilities / creating items by interacting with an object, getting or storing items by interacting with a container.- Just like State of Decay, you have to manage the resources of the shelter, in the forms of food, morale, antibiotics, fuel and the mood the specific characters.- When you leave the shelter, you'll see a map whose mechanics will be familiar to anyone that played the original Fallout games, with random encounters and all.- The gameplay in the remote locations you find is close to the original Fallout, with the difference that you control your party members as well during combat. There are many little new mechanics that I like, for instance, if an ally is blocking your way to an enemy, you can swap positions with him by spending two Action Points (also useful if you want a character to shield another). I found the combat part to be very unforgiving and difficulty ramps up quickly while you'll be scrounging for bullets and other stuff.- I found many issues with the text, sometimes being cut off or being hard to read due to lack of contrast with the background, but those instances aren't too bothersome and not game breaking in any way.- The narrative and cast of characters up to this point seems bland. Little of it made me care for them, which I think is a failure in this department, as I think this is important for this game to truly shine. This is one thing I don't want to judge so early into the game, but I would expect to be more immersed in the narrative by now.SummaryI'm having a lot of fun with it. It's fairly nostalgic if you played Fallout, and the mechanics seem to be well designed. Graphically is not very polished, and doesn't seem very unique from an artistic perspective (like TWOM is) which makes it look very generic, but the mixtures of RPG, turn-based tactical combat and resource management mechanics of the game are its greatest assets. I'll update this later on, but this is my first impression of the game. I'd recomend it for anyone that played the original Fallouts and XCOMs, but I doubt this would grab the attention of less patient gamers."
76561198027813024,Recommended,239840,13275565,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Snowballls,"i've only been playing this game for a few weeks, if that, but the dev's have made tremendous leaps in that time period.All in all, i'm very happy to see this game get the positive reviews it deserves, which made me reach out too :)Anyways, highly recommended, though i do wish there was more content...like more ways to customize weapons, more open ended? Thats just me being personal, game is completely solid the way it is :)Worth the $ :D"
76561198031372830,Recommended,239840,13266196,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Timmy2812,"Base management, turn based combat with free flow open world exploration, simple yet powerful levelling system...WITH ZOMBIES!If you enjoyed the original Fallout series you will love this game. Along with the turn based combat and exploration, a well implemented base management adds an extra element of planning and strategy. Levelling is not based on kills, but rather on a goal system, meaning farming every kill on a level is not at all necessary, and avoiding combat is at times the best strategy. I have not played many hours but already I can see this will be one of my games of the year.The game does seem to be a bit buggy at this stage (from my limited playtime), but the devs are definitely on top of things and are listening to their playerbase, so I do not see this as much of a problem at the moment."
,Not Recommended,239840,13575375,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Joeman4,"They try to get rid of bad reviews until they got backlash. Not buying from these people again, honestly i didnt find the game that good and the dialogue to be laughable and just horrible. Highschooler bad."
,Recommended,239840,13283653,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,alhoward,"This is a great mix of squad turn based strategy mixed with zombies.Pros:- Entertaining and tough battles, similar to Fallout Tactics or Wasteland- Interesting mix of characters- Background stories and characters make the zombie apocalypse seem real- The tense interactions with the characters at your shelter feel like you are just barely holding it together- Later on, you need to carefully consider how you grow as your resources start to get tightCons- Many of the conversations with characters have only one right way of responding. No incentive to take a dark turn- While the crafting is interesting, it would be great if there were many more recipes"
,Recommended,239840,13231658,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Malinari,Awesome game! Its like Fallout (1 and 2) + X-Com + State Of Decay mixed together + special ingridient! Love it!
76561198025050162,Recommended,239840,13304174,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Seth'cor,"I wish there was a maybe button for recommendations.So to start this game still should be in beta stages with how many major bugs there are. I have not run into many game breaking ones, other than ones that cause crash to desktop. I find if I do not save at every opportunity it is garneted to crash at a bad time. When people come to the gate once in a while the camera gets stuck there.The gameplay itself is fairly fun. I do enjoy the mesh of real time exploration with the turn based combat. however line of sight  seems a bit off at times, and seems obstacles do not effect how hard it is to be hit or hit others with guns, ie on the other side of a table or car hood.The shelter is neat as it changes, though a few upgrades could be changed a bit, as there is plenty of ground outside they could have used for farming rather than the small things on the roof. one needs to get the 25 % food reduction perk rather soon as food consumption gets rather high while getting 10 additional moral per day is rather underpowered. this shows additional balancing should/needs to be done.The moral system itself should be reworked a bit s it seems to easy to keep I up. maybe put a upper limit on it and have luxuries be consumed as needed rather all at once. not so sure how to improve that system but it can be worked on.TLDR Bugs lot of bugs, they need fixed. but otherwise an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,239840,13278464,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Raging Drunkard,"Even with the buggy gameplay in the beta before the release, I couldnt stop playing marathon sessions of this game. ."
76561198066086292,Recommended,239840,13234878,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,simone25gr,You can see that the devs behind this game are hardworking people who deliver on their promisesu guys should be an example to all the developers out thereAmazing game tactical/rpg/survival/zombies a game that you cant afford not to have in your library!!!!!
76561198008458836,Recommended,239840,13580576,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,vaynhp,Great game. The Shelter building is great. Tactical combat is also entertaining. I recommend this game
76561198010046642,Recommended,239840,13317131,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Vermithrax,"I am not normally the type to write reviews, but I feel that Dead State is worth a break from the ordinary.I have been playing since early access (First Seven Days release) and gone back for multiple playthroughs with each patch release right up until full release.End result, over 300 hours played on this game and I dont feel I have wasted any of them.YES, there are bugs, some of them are immersion breaking, some are annoying, but nothing OVERLY game breaking. The Devs are incredibly quick to respond to any new bugs found and are continually consulting the player base to find and eliminate bugs as they happen. To me, this is incredibly satisfying as I know my opinion as a consumer is valued.As to the game itself?If you are looking for a pulse-pounding thrill ride as you slaughter increasingly tough and varied monsters in graphic ways with an assortment of zany and idiosincratic weapons....Look somewhere else.Dead State is a htoughtful game that encourages you to plan ahead, from catering to the needs and wants of your fellow survivors to deciding when, where and how you and your team will fight.Sometimes it is better to sneak through an area, get what you can and get out quietly.I found I was investing into the fellow survivors, thinking outside the game to better understand thier motives and how best to make them work. A sure sign of good writing (Although you may not believe it simply from appearances)Finally, if like me, you have played more than your fair share of RPG's (especially from the 90's and 00's) the isometric viewpoint, the turn based combat and even the JRPGesque base and NPC collection will tickle all the nostalgia bones and keep you coming back for more.tl:dr?A great game that may still seem a little rough around the edges, but a must have for any RPG and/or Zombie Survival fan"
76561198064022413,Recommended,239840,13595381,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,alexthorn,"HelloI finish game at 25.12.2014 and when time I played it there were still some problems with it (expecially with  two level condigantions occasional wall passing trought) but this not change one single thing: this game is absolutly amazing and is this what I was looking for time when last good fallout game ( what was fallout 2) was finished by me.This game is not only about visiting locations one by one and pick up every item You found (but is also liked by me part) but also about human relations, tensions, cooperation and leadership. Some times there is no good deicion to take but You must too. You always upset some one and as more people will be with You that more part of upset will be.(From mechanical look: we got something like crisis event when our little democracy (where You have last voice) make meeting and take decision.).Ofcourse in game are also bad guys, neutral guys and guys who You can just make hate You. So enemies are not really zombie. I will not spoiler story here how ever :-) Only I can say it can be bit more build up of lines with each of group.What else we can found are little stories in locations (some one mention this before me but I found it same way). We got little hut in the forest, with table, blood... some psycho live there? Or some situations moved from culture/games/books - for example You visit bar meeting Mike and Mallory KnoxGame need some fixes but there is nothing what make it not playble. I really really enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,239840,9186716,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Oneill,"If you want a game that works and is ready from download, I recommend not to buy this. I Got this game today and couldn't tell you a single thing about it. Simply because it doesn't load up. Can Click play now on steam library and the game appears as a white box in top left corner. can hear sound for 10 odd seconds then a crash report pops up. Didn't Spend my money on a game for it to be broken before even being opened up. MAJOR FLAW & I am appauled by this. Once this is fixed I shall Re-Review this."
76561198043318108,Not Recommended,239840,9800110,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,drnrgv,On the plus side it was lots of fun! but... it was short. too short.I know it's prerelease but if I'm paying 25$ I'm hoping for more then 2.5 hours of game play. By the time I got the idea of the game... day seven came and the game was over...I'de recommend to wait and see how this game is developing...
76561198041949549,Not Recommended,239840,13924727,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,xacnafein,"A very good idea which unfortunately wasnt executed well enough. therefore I can not recommend it to others.The game was released before it is ready, probably due to sales season.In an early access you expect bugs, but in the (finished!!) version the amount of bugs were immense. I am not going to list all, as there are forums for these. but I will go through some bugs that ruined my experience below.Good sides,Turn based, tactical combat (not great as there is not cover system etc, but decent)Survival (in the first few weeks you really have to fight for each chocolate bar and manage parts and morale) later on they become irrelevant.open world and a big map.GraphicsGraphics are old but i like it anyway, I am not after shiny textures. Gameplay matters for me.AudioAudio is unfortunately quite poor as music variety is quite limited and static, and there is almost no voice in the game. Characters on levels communicate with subtitles over their heads, which you can easily miss if you are looking elsewhere. There is no message log (like in fallout). There is a combat log which could use some improvement. Sounds effects are below decent.Gameplay.Pathfinding and AI in general is terrible. My characters kept sliding to their destination often through walls. Enemies can also sometimes shoot through obstacles. Enemies can knock down your entire squad without a direct line of sight, using a single granade. (maybe they have thermal vision, which isnt implemented in the game :)  )Interface could really use some polish. there is almost no info on statuses, just an icon which doesnt tell you if that character has reduced strength or perception, etc...Armor in late game is too strong both for you and your enemies. Assault rifles can have problems without critical hits. Zombies are only a threat during first weeks, later on they become a joke, which destroys the mood for a zombie game.Minor bugs are somewhat ok.However, after hours of battling 10+ soldiers/mercs with full armor and assault rifles (to combat is slow, which I like as it is expected in such a genre), to crash to desktop on the last soldier is not fun. dont know about others but I have had so many CTDs. (dont tell me to update my graphics driver, or restart my computer)The quests are also quite poorly made in the sense that the choice you make earlier is not reflected to the next day and people in the shelter complain (or are sick) as if you made the other choice in the crisis event a few days ago. quests dont get ticked off, or people in shelter keep saying the same things over and over.The game is based Looting and keeping your people safe/well fed/ healthy. However in order to loot large maps I had to return to them 10 times.I dont want to sound so harsh (although I probably did with all the critism). it is  a small company and I appreciate that they try to bring old turn /squad based RPG back to life.  it was just an unfinished product with a lot of bugs released earlier than it should have been. if they lack manpower, they should have waited a bit more to polish the game."
76561198105811967,Not Recommended,239840,9155614,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Motherfuker,SUCK SUCK SUCK I PAY 24.99 FOR THIS CRAP
76561198009000470,Recommended,239840,12564281,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,kelva714,Found a bag of medical marijuana and saved all of Texas.
,Not Recommended,239840,13271525,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,The Mad Hatter,"HUGE Potential, HUGE let down!Being a XCOM veteran I was full of excitement at the thoughts of this game and everytrhing it was supposed to offer, however on starting the game it was a massive dissapointment.The fight engine has left too much to luck and odds ""how hard is it to hit a zombie from the front with a sledge hammer?"" well according to the programmers its 5 times more likely to land a hit from behind than in front. This being so it takes four team members two rounds with two to three hits each to take out one enemy. I could understand odds being used on XCOM but why with melee weapons and why such appaling odds. And to make things even worse a gun reload takes a full turn. Add to this multiple enemies and you're in for anal decimation.All in all a great idea destroyed by mismanagement of game dynamics.If you're looking for a great zombie apocalypse RPG than buy State Of Decay. A lot better and more fun it has better graphics, game engine, playability, costs less and more lifespan."
76561197983168733,Recommended,239840,13254888,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Skaldy,"This game is a good reminder of old pc games to older player. Good ideas, very colorfull character, event and interactions. Base building and scavenging is fun. Game is generally fun for patient players. So lets get to the bad stuff. Ideas were  good but executing them were really bad. There small or no realism can be found. Commbat is exteremly boring. If you engage more than 4 enemies you will be bored. Also combat mechanics are somewhat lazy.Combat is exteremly repetitive. It is like chess you move your chars around and kill stuff. No challenge at all. Too buggy and devs actually didnt put anything into game aside from fixing game breaking bugs and annoying stuff.  I can easly say this game is in still beta. But if you have nothing to do or play like me you can spend many hours wondering around the texas or unlocking some events."
76561198136331411,Recommended,239840,13030976,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,jxm13,Great advances in the past few moths. and the updates were extremely frecuent.
76561197993622894,Recommended,239840,13276590,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Galacti-Chron,"Really fun game. The gameplay is a bit glitchy sometimes, the graphics aren't the greatest, but the concept is really fun and that doesn't matter....It's one of those examples I can show people to be like ""look you can make your own game too that people like to play...It doesn't need a billion dollar budget, just a good idea"""
76561198044508834,Recommended,239840,13247223,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ministox,"Never have i ever been more involved and addicted to a game or storyline then Dead State. The game will entice anyone who enjoys zombie based games, turn based game, survival or just fantastic dialoge and story.  Do NOT miss out on Dead State you will love it from start to finish. 10/10"
,Recommended,239840,12485143,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,LadyAth,"When this game initially came onto early access, I ignored it amidst all the other Z-type games that came out during the same period.  I finally picked up Dead State at a whim and I have to say that I should never have bothered with the other titles.  This game is surprisingly good and interesting to play and makes for an interesting mix of building up your base, finding supplies and trying not to get your teams killed.  No XP for killing stuff, encouraging players to be a little more clever about how they explore and hunt for supplies.  The devs are active and each patch brings about new and tangible enhancements.  This game is definately worth supporting."
76561198006437977,Recommended,239840,13256080,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fredde Fordonsmina,Very nice zombie RPG.
76561198117508408,Not Recommended,239840,23361224,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,FearlessAdz,I want to start by saying I really enjoyed the game and the concept is amazing. But i feel this game could have been so much more. I don't know what other people think but the updates and story content is lacking. Is this the finished game? end of?I was soo excited to see a game similar to State of Decay have a turn base style of combat and thought even though the graphics are simple they were effective and this would allow more time to create and develop a rich story and gameplay. But i feel i was sadly mistaken. Conversations with survivors are limited and repetitive and the actions you take don't effect much. The people will still repeat the same conversation ever if everyone else is dead.....Like i said the concept to this game is amazing but right now i feel like you guys have just taken my money and left me with a game you no longer care about
76561197966399953,Not Recommended,239840,33556760,Posted: 15 July,all,corrTarr,"I just can't understand how this game is still rated that well. Yeah, the game itself is nice but it is always crashing randomly and really buggy:- try to open a door -> crash (even froze my pc)- try to enter a new region -> crash- try to access inventory -> crashI guess it all works for 6/10 attempts to do anything but that isn't enough for a game that is released for so long and even got some patches."
,Not Recommended,239840,21467995,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,claiminglight,"This is a pretty awesome game for a while-- but the story flat out stops around half way though. By 30 game days in, I'd upgraded everything, acquired everything and had enough materials to just skip whole weeks at a time without paying attention. There was no end goal and no indication that I should be doing anything.After looking it up online, I'd found out that the game just --ends-- at around day 90. Day 90?! I finished all of the content by 30! And without spoilers I'd add that the endings to the game offer no closure or sense of accomplishment- they're just events that stop the game.So avoid. This is a game that could have been good, if the last half had been finished."
76561198022248281,Recommended,239840,13276041,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Barlone,"Its fun, really. If you like kill zombies and savages and micromanage your shelter it is game for you.Ye its buggy, but not unplayable. And seem to me that guys at dev tring really hard to patch what they can. You scavange food and luxury stuff to keep your shelter safe, you gather materials to build upgrades (and sometimes gather horses and chickens for your yard garden). You order your fellow survivers to do daily jobs or go hunt for supply with you and they argue with you and with each other and you need to solve the stuff or they will kill each other leave shelter or steal stuff ...What i do miss so far (but havent finished yet)- shelter defense is only tablelar - guards + fortification vs enemy = result- kinda easy in second half of the game- so far only ""normal"" zombies - I mean they are various, some even in armor, but no special tanks, putrid Zs, tongue slingers etc... actually Zs stopped to be dangerous in midgame. Human enemies are.- you form a search party around your character so if you wanna scavenge your character must head out (even if you would like to heal him or train him)"
76561198137005750,Recommended,239840,13877862,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,the___prophet,"First review ever on steam. *UPDATE BELOW*I would only like to say that I agree with Rel1ct0 and dominus reviews below (in bullet points)* There are so many bugs in regards to the quests. Not completed even when done or not showing up at all.* Broken quests, see above (like having a helicopter pilot and a helicopter and no options appear?!)* Some serious unbalancing issues regarding food, weapons, armour and NPC's etc.* Your Allies pathfinding(who has had their allies 10 paces away at start of combat?)* The manual sucks* PLEASE show me how to upgrade the weapons (plans built, resources spent but no option to upgrade weapons.)The game is enyojable for about 15 days( of the game) then stagnates pretty quickly.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------One thing I do need to mention, that I fotgot about last time that this game was enjoyable despite the bugs.Alot of the complaints above have been solved with latest patch. I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,239840,13277572,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,easterngames,"As far as indie releases go, these guys got it as smooth as anyone on release day. There are bugs, which are getting squashed. So far none of them have really bothered me or my game and im really diving it this game. One bad patch came out and was quickly rectified, which happens to the AAA devolepers too. I wouldnt really hold it against doublebear.The game itself hits my sweet spot of gaming. Turn based, rpg, strategy gaming with base building. The closet analogy game released recently would be Wasteland 2. So its easiest to compare them and would be relevant to most gamers too:Dead State (DS) has base building which i love. Wasteland 2 (WS) doesn't have this, and the way that game was made makes it seem like it SHOULD have been in there. The way the second half of WS was written it seems like it should have been included and it to me it felt like a great chance to extend that game was ignored.WS was too campy in my opinion. It made far too many referential jokes and nods and what not to the previous game and the genre in general. I felt that was a mistake. DS tries and succeeds in maintaining a better immersion in the zombie filled world and takes itself seriously. So over all DS beats WS in its game world.On the negative side DS needs to be balanced still. Combat goes from wildly hard to wildly easy. Not long into the game only a few characters can mow down a battalion of zombies with little effort. That being said, the inclusion of so much fighting other humans can be tricky. You will find in the long run, its the living humans that are truely the real enemy in the game. But im sure as the patches come, feed back is gathered, and balance is achieved, this won't be a negative for long.Graphics are passable for the game, but they bog my machine down way more then should. If you have a low end machine you might run into problems with graphics on anything other then lowest settings. My machine is middle of the road and i have to run middle of the road graphics. While comparative games generally run much better. This is probably an optimazation issue, which of course, tends to get taken care of in patches. From the already released patches it seems like they are trying to get this ironed out.There plenty of stuff to find and loot in the game. Much of it though is not anyting more then having the words FOOD and LUXURY ITEMS written on a holder card and given different names. While they may be 1000 items inthe game, 900 of them are functionally identical, but the fact i can horde up toilet paper and candy bars makes the game feel more immersive then it really is as far as loot is concerned. I almost wish the game made a distinction though between toilet paper and tooth paste and it didnt just all end up as one pool when you bring it back. But that would probably have made the game turn into a consumables stockpile sim, which i might like, but i bet most gamers wouldnt. So I accept the way it is, and be happy enough with it.I would have liked more base building features. Base defense battles (which may or may not be included but i have yet to see one). More weapon and armor types (though honestly there already a lot, but i just would like more).My biggest gripe is the lack of documention of some things. I find data items before I am told how they could can used, so i spent a long time trying to figure out why i couldnt access them in the library. I also got confused when unlocking blueprints inthe workshop had the same icon as the actual item construction. So i did blueprints and couldnt tell know could build the item, i thought it just made more blueprints. But fortunately the devolpers watch the forums and answered in minutes (literally minutes) and i got it sorted out. But its a good sign the game is complex enough to not be instantly figured out, but i would have liked better tutorials/documentation.If you read this whole review, you will know i am whole heartedly recommending this game. This game had me up til the sun rose the day of release playing it. Its probably been 2 or 3 years since a game did that to me. Thank you to the devolpers for making this game!"
76561198072648465,Recommended,239840,9495400,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Cody,"Dead state is a survival Turn based Rpg. It is free roam in the area until u come into combat which then turns to turn based combat with the traditonal grid system, and spend Ap points to move and use actions. The searching and raiding houses for weapons,supplies, and other goodies is a thrill, especially when u get caught off guard in a unfavourable battle. Although still in alpha and still quite a few bugs and not to much content, this game has very good potential to be a great turn based strategy thats not the traditonal swords and shields. I recommend picking this up if you like survival horror (zombies) as well as a good turn based battle system"
,Recommended,239840,11950887,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Antonio,This is the more Fallout-y thing I've played since Fallout 2
,Recommended,239840,13254803,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Hellios,"So far so good, the game is pretty interesting and I love that this feels more like a ""real"" community effort as opposed to just bash, loot, repeat.Biggest issue is that there is NO AUTOSAVE! Found that out the hard way after playing for about 3-4 hours...Another small issue is with the path finding AI guiding the player when trying to loot/gather from objects near doorways, the player seems to go back & forth a bit before managing to open the loot window.So far, I'm rating this game 9/10 :)"
76561198002913914,Recommended,239840,13296695,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TrashBaggg,Give it a bit!!!! At First I got mad because I was doing bad. Then I slowed down and figured out how to play.. Man oh man.. GREAT Game! HARD THO
,Recommended,239840,13276423,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mr.P,if updates continue as they are it will definatly be a winner..... not for noobs
,Recommended,239840,13932253,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,baw,This is a a great game.   The combat is great.   The resource management is cool.  I want to know how randomized things are. If the Map is different everytime. I could play this game for years and years.It is nice how you can out strategize the zombies.   You have to make decisions that don't affect you for days.  The job board is a great concept.It is one of the greatest innovations in games. Thank you for making it turnbased.  I had bought it in early beta when I saw turn based zombie but wasn't much to do. I have over 50 hours into this game and I still have so much to do. I think it could be very interesting depending on what kind of character you build.  This will dramatically change the game. I only want to finish this game to start a new one and see how it changes things.I would give this game of my highest recommendations.  I am enjoying it like the first time I played Xcom or Jagged Alliance.Don't delay!  Play it now. I might end up buying a couple of friends copies just so I can see their enjoyment with the game.(I am not much a reviewer more of a game player but I had to say something about this game!)
,Recommended,239840,11889199,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Fulltimespy,"Interesting game, combat can be a bit tricky.I still got no idea if you can block attacks.But I do like it, don't get into it without reading a manual.You won't know what do do.I figured out how to go to my first location by accident.Read manual or you are gonna have a bad time.My first play with no manual :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oxyrGuhvS8"
76561197965172774,Recommended,239840,12153626,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,§þyđà ÐæĦōŋĩƈ,"It's a great game, not really a great deal to do in its early stage. but I'd still recommend it either now or later on release."
,Recommended,239840,30144631,Posted: 24 February,all,ManBearPig,"For a small company in Ukraine during the ""civil war"" and still managing to finish the game i highly recommend it. Alot of improvements have been made and bugs fixed and its nice to have an indie company carry out on promises."
76561198078837421,Recommended,239840,13967354,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,BulletPaladin,10/10 this game is everything i was looking for in a zombie survival game thank you double bear thank you
,Recommended,239840,11280329,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,-=[LW]=-Cheatdeath,love this game!!!  can't wait to see the full game ;P
76561198046837989,Recommended,239840,13907345,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,xshangraw,"I'm giving this game a qualified recommendation as of this writing (1/9/2015). The writing is fantastic and the core game concept is great. The execution, however, is badly flawed at this point -- there are many, many bugs, plus a number of UI oversights and pacing issues. My hope is that the developer will be able to fix these."
,Not Recommended,239840,17167235,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Sergio di Napoli,"I'm really sorry to not being able to recommend this game.In a nutshell: great story, lousy game mechanics. A pity.I played it twice: first time, total disaster.Second time, hyper-success (not challenging).The story is fine, realistic... it's clear there's a novel writer behind the game.The negative part is... the game itself. Seems incomplete, lots of unfinished features.So the story and atmosphere are very realistic, but many game mechanics are unrealistic.I am very disappointed, for the storyline is great as the atmosphere, yet too many bugs make it unenjoyable.I was forced to quit the game for good when I saw that the car contents are not automatically transferred to the shelter stockpile and, even worse, when at your shelter, you can only transfer items from the car to your personal inventory and then, via another cumbersome interface, transfer them to the stockpile.The breaking bug is that my character had little strenght and thus could carry few items at once, so transferring from car to me, and from me to stockpile was unbearably painful."
76561198065163975,Not Recommended,239840,31856217,Posted: 20 May,all,frozenfire27,"I liked the idea of this game with base buidling community defence.  However it feels like its in a 'dead state'  it wont allow me to save anymore, its corrupted, no easy access info on a fix for this, a google search brings up blogs from 2014.  Are their still dev working in this game?  The method of storing distributing items is painful, any the reward for giving other char special items is minimal."
76561198083150617,Recommended,239840,22902965,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Gregarious Rex,"All in all, I appreciate a game that brings the element of base building along with zombie combat. I don't tend to be very good 1st-person, as I fail at the twitch factor miserably (lol). However, it would be nice if there was a clock on the top of the screen at all times and pack animals, so we don't have to run back and forth to get everything. Also, more chickens and how about the ability to grow more by utilizing the roof and two other patios (so called because they look like the one that currently has the garden. Lastly, what about wandering zombies? When my party is our scavenging, how come they don't run into zombies in-route? I think these are easy additions (BTW - I'm in software as an SDET).Now, if you really wanted to do something fun, you'd allow us to move to another location or add/remodel the shelter/school. I'd love to get access to the roof areas (including the other two patios). Now, this would be a big change, but one that would breath some more life into an already interesting, if not grindy game.Anybody else have ideas?"
76561198067534874,Recommended,239840,12436612,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Nyctemanas,"This game as an Early Access is awesome. You can see part of what the game will end up being and it is something that will be amazing. The DB team is working around the clock to get updates out and fix bugs, plus they are active on their forums !Only on early access I already played more than 90 hours, I can't wait for the full version !!!10/10"
76561197962401362,Recommended,239840,12683038,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,M-a-X,great game but how doe ally survivor level up ? do you have to take them with you or they level each day...???
76561198010894739,Recommended,239840,12936910,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,gordsrevolution,"Great game, i picked it up when it was a very new open beta, even then i could see its posabilty, now that the game is close to finished, its really fun. a great buy and great turn based combat"
,Recommended,239840,12281424,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,parksie,It's not even done and it's already an awesome game. Can't wait to see how it expands and develops.
76561198007015413,Recommended,239840,13075163,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,sakbullets,"Unbelievably addicting.  I lose all track of time and it really is a cross between Xcom and the walking dead.  Great concept, a few bugs to work out, but that's why it's a beta.  Keep up the great work and ideas!After 60 hours I'm still in love with this game....the developerss keep making the fixes where they need to and are dedicated to the players..just can't beat this zombie game.  Way better than State of Decay that I used to play on the 360."
76561198007807564,Recommended,239840,15334112,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Drunetovich,"Game offers enjoyable experience in survival of zombie apocalypse, managing growing shelter of survivors and making some tough calls. Absolutely recomended."
76561198005791097,Recommended,239840,13108217,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,bwillatt,"Good game, far better realization of a zombie game then others on the market, still getting updated and in beta with some bugs to smooth out but overall very impressive. I'm looking forward to an end game and some rebalancing in the late game. Lighting the Dog is the most OP character ive ever used in a game of this nature."
76561198014701844,Recommended,239840,13015223,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MrNiceGuy,"Good game needs some polishement and Mod support, Graphics are nasty but the Story is good. Hopefully this gem gets some polishement. I only recommend it if u are aware of some issues this game has. If u are looking for a challenge set in a post-apokalytic world with good storytelling and base management u are quite right here but still further development is missing and i hope this game gets it done"
76561197993200909,Not Recommended,239840,13230221,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Samson,"It saddens me greatly to have to edit this review and change it from a Yes to a No.  When it was Alpha, it was a Yes.  Now that it is ""released"" it is a heavy and strong No.The bug list is quite long.  These are to name a few.Any building with a second floor doesn't work.Crafting doesn't work.All dialog options are the same.  Your choice of what to say does not matter.Your character can and will miss on a 100% chance to hit.This product is unfinished."
76561197969802842,Recommended,239840,9163331,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,WrongWay_Mafia,limited content..   more a demo than early access
76561198046755411,Recommended,239840,9134397,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Valchist,The Demo was fun looking forward to whole game.
76561198023041668,Recommended,239840,9126859,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,toneniki,"I tried this game, not really sure what it was wish i didnt totally unsure what i had to do"
76561198031643088,Recommended,239840,11908448,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Majestic7,Fallout + Fort Zombie = Dead State
76561198032065527,Recommended,239840,12502912,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,artka,"I remember reading about this game months ago, and then kind of forgetting about it. After completing a game of Wasteland 2, the turn based RPG bug bit me again.. totally reminding me of FO,FO2, and Jagged Alliance of days past. I searched steam for some more, and rememberd Dead State.Ive put some decent hours into Beta Patch #2 so far and I really like where this is going. Its got all the elements of past turn based RPG's (ie. combat, micromanaging, strategy, building) and more. You wake up as part of a group in a school, which becomes your ""base"". You have to stock that base with food, weapons, etc.. from surrounding areas, all while looking out for zombies and bad guys. Along the way, more can join your group and you have access to all the group for job tasks or scavenging.You dont level up by killing anything, you level up by completing ""shelter goals"". Some of the goals include gathering so much food, med supplies, luxuries, etc.. I thought this was a neat way to gain more skills for your characters, totally away from the norm of killing for skill. I like it.Im on day 25 or so on beta patch #2, and I'm coming to the point where I may have taken in too many people at once, so each day ends up being a search for food more than anything, luckily there are ""fishing spots"" to walk to and test your luck harvesting fish. In fact, I see the potential to have hundreds, if not thousands of locations on the map along with encounters because of the way the map scren and travel works.. this could be a pretty content loaded game moving forward.My Jagged Alliance heart wants to see more specialized firearm variants, as right now, they seem to have one firearm per ammo type. This may be wishful thinking, but would be pretty cool moving forward. I know its the zombie apocalypse, but cant that dead soldier just be carrying a MK17 SD variant or something ;)I'm sure others will complain about the ""graphics"" in some cases, but for me, they dont matter as much.. these games are about the adventure, the open world, the choose your own tasks, the story.. you make it what you want to survive. The true turn based RPG thrives non-linearly, and this game certainly has that potential.All in all, the game is well worth the purchase, even at this early access stage. I think we are in the middle of a turn based RPG game renaissance, and I couldnt be happier about it.  If you like this sort of game, micro managing little pixel squads of people, and, well, the zombie apocalypse.. get Dead State now, you wont regret it."
76561198030752296,Recommended,239840,10171794,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Karasukafka,"The First Seven Days of Dead State's Zombie Apocalypse Tactical Survival GameThe game as it is just a glimse into the final product, call it as an early access, demo or whatever, it is just the first seven days of the storyline with limited access to some of the features. Still, I am very impressed and excited by the game.First of all it is a very traditional old school roleplaying game, the combat is great turn-based, very similar to Jagged Alliance 1 or 2, or Fallout 1 and 2, even to UFO series (the old ones especially). There is character sheets and stats to improve which have some effect in game. Obviously in the end game we might see better how these skills and attributes (and even perks that is not yet in the game but planned) will influence the game and give a boost to replay value.The theme is from the Romero's zombie movies mostly. Zombies are slow, dead bodies, no mutations and freak abilities, differs mostly by the state of corpse. If you are fan of Romero's movies you would like this. If you are expecting a huge range of monsters then you will be disappointed. But if you can get along with it you might have a nice experience. The true enemy is the conditions, the lack of resources, other human beigns who compete for what left, ad your own group. There is a good amount of social dynamism even in such early state of the game and this will be just better. You influence your group morals by what kind of job you assign to them, who are you taking out to the dangerous scavenging missions, how much you listen to their advices and who do you listen to, and so on. There is a hint that there will be some power struggle among the group in later in game.The tactical combat is good enough, if you learn the tricks it is not very hard, but honestly sometimes it can be difficult if you are not careful and the game can punish you very much if you are not careful or do a mistake. That is good in fact and makes the game just more interesting. If you are fan of turn based tactical combat, this game is for you. Weapons do have some special attributes, like cutting weapons can cause bleeding to living beigns, crushing weapons can cause disorientation, with some weapons you can knock your enemy prone and so on. Also there are some psychological conditions in effect, like panic when you are overrunned by zombies (a sure way to die quick).There is penty of improvement to be made of course, and I list some which I think would make the game even in early access better.1) Inventory screen: at this point I could not be able to reach the other survivors inventory at the base, and as you only able to command your main character in the area you have only a very ineffective way to equip your companions. A screen where your in-party companions could be equipped from the base storage would be great). Also it would be nice to be able to drop items to ground or just simply to exchange with others in the tactical maps. At the moment I only found one solution to trade items with companions, and that is to utilize the 'containers' already placed in game, put the items there and then change the control to other character and get those.2) It would be nice to see some notes or hints in the maps you have. You encounter empty houses, or places with some corpses and you wonder what's happened there. It would add to the horror if either you might able to collect clues what happened or youhave your companions comment on the situation.And finally I want to praise the music. It is great, melancholic, sad, but also in a way calming. It gives back something of the theme wandering in a city emptied of life. Well done and thanks fr th experience. I am looking forward to the final game and any updates."
,Recommended,239840,29042135,Posted: 5 January,all,<(ASR)>Dauthi,Beautifully done. Great story. Love the random encounter generator for both occurances and visitable areas. Combat is in depth and the fact that you can become infected adds anouther level of danger when dealing with undead.
76561197971410223,Recommended,239840,13903042,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Falcone,"My thoughts on Dead State my first 2 trys at 20 hours each.Well... fighting zombies, gangs, thugs, and bringing truck loads of loot to disgruntled NPC's only to end up being shot by a dude in a wheelchair I thought was my friend which prompty ended the game...both times.However,My 3rd playthrough is actually going smoother thanks to a few console commands to help with morale issues. (Even if an ally is in a good mood there's a negative penalty to morale. ???) Also I had to use a command to remove some negative permanent status effects not being removed on its own. (I had 3 characters that were on fire for 24 hours)It's a pretty addictive game for the most part. It reminds me of the old-school icewind dale games to some degree. The AI could use some work, a cover system would be a nice touch during gun fights, but over all I found myself frustrated at the bugs in this game but kept playing away anyway."
76561198096126632,Recommended,239840,25265893,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cazac,Great game after all the updates and fixes. Highly recommended for turn-based strategy geeks.
76561198114272381,Recommended,239840,33764576,Posted: 24 July,all,steelmidnight,"This game surprised me. Its far better then most Tactical games out there in this price range. I personally prefer a fantasy setting over sci fi or horror, but this one is an exception. Its actually ""feels"" apocolyptic, and while most of the gameplay outside of the typical turned based combat is typical loot and scoot,its still done well, and is addictive and fun.There is a tension in the air as well, as you have a ""sound meter"" that if you make to much noise, you will attract some unwanted attention in the form of Zombies by the hordes. This meter is even still active DURING battle, so firing off that gun to save your♥♥♥♥♥may actually get said♥♥♥♥♥eaten. Zombies can also tackle a member of your gang of mismatched heros to the ground if they outswarm them, even at full health, leading to an instant kill if you dont hurry and help get the zombies off them. Bites can also infect a person, killing them and turning them into a zombie if you dont give them daily anti biotics. And while it  is not easy to get infected by a bite (unless your being careless or overzealous) it adds to the tension even more.Zombies are not the only threat. You also need to deal with marauders, bad cops, biker gangs, looters, and raiders, and even other paranoid or desperate survivors who want your resources.Your ""base"" is an old school, which you can populate with a WIDE variety of characters. These characters are not cut and paste, as they all have thier uses such as mechanics or soldiers, to meth addicts and doctors. No too are alike, and they dont always play nice with you or each other. But if you handle the situations well, you can keep them all useful and under control. Handle things the wrong way, and one of your characters may be murdered in thier sleep by another, or you may wake up to find one of them stole your resources and ran off in the middle of the night. Its VERY nice to see this much depth in a game I had low expectation for going into.This hybrid Turn based strategy/tactical game/Zombie apocalypse simulater/social simulator/exploration and plundering game is a MUST for Turn based rpg/strategy gamers and zombie apocalypse fans in general! Would LOVE to see a fantasy game using this same system! Two thumbs WAY up!"
76561198007075700,Recommended,239840,10158298,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NatsuGG,Shut up and take my money :) Love it!
,Not Recommended,239840,14801779,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Natagi,"I have put in over 100 hours playing this game and I still wouldn't recommend it. don't get me wrong it's not a bad game but the amount of bugs is just really not enjoyable, just check the list of known bugs on the forum here, it is ridiculous.If you are tempted by this I would definately check out the Demo. but I wouldn't buy this until after the next update has landed."
76561197986628686,Recommended,239840,9347692,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,tower74,Not even an early access. More of a early access to a demo.
76561197989789822,Not Recommended,239840,14973894,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Clockwork Onion,"I was looking for something with the combat system in games like Wasteland2. Unfortunately the combat is quite slow and unvaried. It might become better later in the game but I can't force myself to play further than the first few days before I realise I'm not really having fun. I was have tried to like it, but I don't, it misses that special something."
76561198003215331,Recommended,239840,14688036,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Zarkrash,"A fun zombie survivor sim, albeit very prone to crashing. The sames are done frequently enough that the crashes you get (1 per 3 ish to 4 ish hours) isn't TOO bad, but if you are not willing to deal with crashes, I would highly reccommend waiting before you buy this game.That said, overall and despite the crashes, I still find the game interesting and worth the purchase"
,Recommended,239840,16934401,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Officer Gator,"Great game. Fun if you like games where you manage people and your surrounding while still having the whole idea of fighting and surviving. 8/8 would recommend.Leading looters into a firing line was great, you would enjoy."
,Recommended,239840,19608733,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Dulce73,I really liked this game have played it twice it does have a few things that could be improved .
76561197961875012,Recommended,239840,17333615,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,|bLK*| Killian,"LOVE this game, my only complaint at all is the AK not having a single fire option! Also could use a bit more information in the hud on time based objectives, many issues arise and random events occur, it is easy to forget if you have a previous rendezvous like... meeting starving people at a farm... then all the sudden your refridgerator breaks and two of your away crew get the ♥♥♥♥♥. Oh damn its two days later and I forgot to meet those folks! Poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s were never seen again..."
,Recommended,239840,16667336,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Fiannawolf,Dead State: Wacka wacka Ed.*Aggressively swings hammers at zombies*GIMMIE MY TWINKIES DAMNIT!Monty Python strategies are a must in early game.
76561197968815430,Recommended,239840,15790180,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Fidodido,"if you like xcom.... you will like this. there are some glitches, but not game breaking ones. It has a tendency to crash, so save lots. but its a good game, worth the money."
76561198023577055,Not Recommended,239840,20510171,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Bender,"Great concept and had a lot of potential.It fails for several reasons.  I could live with the terrible graphics that still lag at certain points.  But the AI, BUGS (OMG so many bugs still), and boring slow combat net this game a neg review."
76561198014940948,Recommended,239840,17040439,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ysleen,"Early access games that developpers follow up thoroughly, with lots of fixing, improvements, and even a free enhanced edition, are quite rare, least to say...Among the mass of Zombie games, this one is quite original, with a top-view, RPG style turn based combat, and lot of decisions to take, which will make each session pretty different than the other.Multiple (very different) endings, made this game a really nice indy surprise !"
76561198037553681,Not Recommended,239840,29734609,Posted: 5 February,all,bluethunder1080,"being a fan of walking dead and other survival games, i loved the concept. could have been a great game, but still a number of bugs, including client crashes in the game. also a claim that there were still updates to come, havent come either.as it is currently, i do not recommend buying it"
,Recommended,239840,23355190,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Rassad,"Great game, hope for sequal"
76561198041359935,Recommended,239840,34104797,Posted: 8 August,all,arlenshaver,"I loved this game, skill lvl ups, crafting, harvesting and base building"
76561198045360299,Recommended,239840,9339183,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,arconoff,"This is a good game. Yes it does have faults. Yes you could argue it is still 'not finished'. I repeat, this is a good game.It feels good to buils the school, it feels good to grow the survivors. I read lots of people saying it isn't finished and not to buy it, yet most of them say they like it? It is a small Dev team, if you are sensible you would understand that they were under pressure to release as LOTS of people wanted to play the game. It is a very playable game. I am certain that over the next few  months the Dev Team will polish out the bugs. I, for one, will look forwards to playing the game again when bug free.In the meantime I have enjoyed it very much. I hope the team design (difficult) a more open ended game with possibly multiple bases and no set ending. (continually supported by DLC until interest goes)Thanks DB. Keep doing what you are good at."
76561198164610684,Recommended,239840,33589856,Posted: 16 July,all,cwyrostek,"I can't say enough good things about this game.  It's got everything I've been looking for in a zombie game - base building, character management, scavenging a big map with lots of locations, many different characters, items, weapons, etc.  I only wish there'd be more DLC soon, or even a sequel.  The game does have a crash every great one in a while, and I've had an issue with morale in the shelter (that it seems like no matter what I did in one play through, morale kept plummeting).  Otherwise it's a great game and I'll probably play through it at least a few times before giving it a rest."
76561197971179454,Recommended,239840,17425336,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Kaorimoch,"I really like this game.  I've played it for quite a few hours now.  The mechanics are great and the difficulty is just right.  The storyline is so-so, but the scavenging and combat mechanics are great.  You can really sink your teeth into the game spending hours on all sorts of activities, the limited resources and personnel make you think about how to approach different situations, and you are punished if you fail to keep morale up and your base well protected.If you like Turn Based games, blowing zombies away and managing resources, you will really enjoy this game."
76561198122118046,Recommended,239840,15373233,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,MadRadFrag,"i really enjoy this game and i  would and have recommend this game for anyone who has a steam account,  even if they don't usually enjoy these games i would still ask them to try this cause this game is something else"
,Recommended,239840,16523507,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Menghia,"Slow paced, but fun game.  Watch out for gunshots."
76561198007149867,Not Recommended,239840,18954978,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,The_Admiral,"I really, really wanted to like this game.I’ve been watching it for a long while and started playing around Halloween. I am a big fan of turn-based games, base-builders and the zombie apocalypse-survival genre. Dead State is mature in theme and has a lot of different luxury goods to try and keep your group happyDead State is a graphically good looking game, but unfortunately one rife with bugs.There are typos, and floating inventory items – but these minor issues which can be over looked. A big problem in the game for me was when I had started building the well for my base. My project leader became sick and had to take a day off from working on it. When she returned to work the next day, the game refused to recognize that any of my characters possessed a crowbar, which was deemed a requirement for the task. I equipped her with three, in every imaginable slot. Nothing seemed to appease the game. While I was frustrated, I was determined to play on.The Coyotes are a violent, enemy group of rival survivors and they are VERY powerful in the early game. After several attempts to defeat them (there were no diplomatic options) I decided that you had to run from them. The Coyotes fire their weapons discriminately in combat and the sounds draws wave after wave of undead reinforcements down upon you.  Added to this, there are situations where, in combat, your move options are limited by fallen companions, KO’ed foes, terrain and areas of control of standing combatants, effectively trapping your characters so that they cannot fight enemies, while your foes continue to pump you full of lead. In tight spaces this can be lethal for your group.I finally quit in frustration. I really wished that this game could have been more polished."
,Recommended,239840,19531115,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,dinosawrawrr,so good like pbj
76561198014900967,Recommended,239840,16524049,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,drunkenondreams,It is a very fun zombie game.
,Not Recommended,239840,19322195,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SeanPerryman,"I tried it, wasn't a fan. As others have said this game suffers from poor combat and poor UI design. I think they are on to something here, but it is definitely not something I would recommend at this time. Love to re-evaluate when/if they get the UI issues sorted out."
76561198001818857,Recommended,239840,18168044,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,jasonblank,Very good resource based game. I really enjoyed it
,Not Recommended,239840,18873058,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,mibat,"I purchased this game with high hopes from reading other reviews, but was ultimately disappointed. After a few hours of play I don't feel the game is really as described in its marketing.It seems that Dead State is mostly about crafting and shelter maintenance, with some exploration and combat (and some other negative reviews have described the awful combat system already). These are things I have zero interest in. I was hoping for the ""social management"" and ""narrative"" parts to be stressed more. Instead, there appears to be no story at all, no narrative, nothing driving the game save for the shelter.While this may be realistic in a zombie apocalypse survival scenario, I just hoped for more in the way of RPG and less in the way of ""scavenge small items and make something out of them."" This would have saved it from being as slow and boring as it turned out to be.As an aside, there are also numerous bugs with the tutorial text appearing to give you tips about things you did 5 minutes ago, or are no longer in the room for, etc. More care needs to have been taken with editing and overall experience by the player.Totally disappointed, although someone else more interested in crafting a shelter could find this game fun."
,Recommended,239840,16664766,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MrAnonymonster,"a really great game, but man do i die a lot."
76561197970578799,Recommended,239840,16911233,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,[BST] Blocko,"Dead State: Reanimated - This game is ace! ok some time you think ""how the hell did i miss"" but in the end you want to go raid that town, or kill them dude down the road.The game has very few bugs...if any at all and the story is fantasticThe basebuilding was simple and fun, the gearing up was fun as i loved looking for gear or more ammoIt takes some getting in it so play once to see how the game works then play a second time to see if you can get to the end?Buy it!"
76561198028174401,Recommended,239840,16874685,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,LahnaMan,Best way to describe it is calling it a mix between Wasteland 2 and This War of Mine. Worth a purchase.
,Recommended,239840,16902898,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Jerieth,"It is a fun game. I recommend playing on Iron Man mode or some may find it too easy. There are some obvious issues / bugs, but overall I enjoyed it. The combat gets a little stale and repetitive at some points, but fun none the less."
,Recommended,239840,20063070,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kit Darkness,"The UI and graphic is a bit weak but overall i enjoy this game. If you like Xcom and zombie survival this is the game for you.Jan 4, 2016 update :After changing the video setting to Max i think the Graphic actually look quite decent. Though it's been like 50 hrs into this game i do run into some minor bug ... (such as the alarm was consistently on until you close the game and reopen)"
,Not Recommended,239840,16826953,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Peltz,Fairly solid game but 0 fun factor.
76561198006767291,Recommended,239840,31586869,Posted: 6 May,all,rustan,"I love this game. I want more!Coming from jagged alliance 1,2 and the new ones i was hoping this was a similar game but its even better."
76561198042034963,Recommended,239840,23128451,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Tweeg,"Fantastic Game.Exploration, NPC collecting, base building, scavagaing and zombie bashing.This game has heart, if you want a quality zombie survival experence, pick this up."
76561198030748969,Recommended,239840,10511047,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Toast for Twenty,"I have reviewed this before but now I""m changing my mind. This game is pretty cool but needs a LOT of improving, I know it is early access so it's fine. If they work hard this game could be up there with XCOM, but not at the moment.  I just got done playing a good stretch today and I quick saved (which is the only way to save), shortly after wards I tried to travel back to my camp but on the way I die due to instant event and now I'm stuck in that loophole, meaning, I have to restart my entire game because there are not save files. This game is missing  some core components, but I can tell it has a LOT of potential. I'll be playing it some more.5/10 Toast for Twenties."
76561198096893872,Recommended,239840,9736213,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Kaleo93,"i love this game, its lots of fun but there are a few bugs that still need to get fixed. i do wish that that they made this multiplayer. lots of weapons, armor, playable characters, items you would find in a zombie outbreak such as spoiled food, limited ammo, limited food supplies, items that boost morale."
76561197965129430,Recommended,239840,11247169,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,BadKarma,"Game won't start.Finally got it working, but it took a full windows re-install (joy).The interface isn't as intuitive as I would like, you right click sometimes and left click others. And there is no 'sneak' option.The AI is also pretty bad. Sometimes you can creep up on zombies, others you can't. When in a group, some attack at the same time, others just kind of stand back. But making noise does appear to spawn new zombies. Unfortunately, they just stand in your exit zone and are easily picked off.The story has been pretty interesting though. And there are some really neat ideas about how to fix stuff up, distribute work, and gain the trust of your allies.Overall, I would say this game would be worth checking out once it is released and has one good patch cycle behind it."
76561198103651772,Recommended,239840,29436400,Posted: 22 January,all,Vigi React,"Beingdeadserious, let'sstatethe obvious: This game is an engaging Survival/RPG/Shelter Sim.Update: I lost the game on Day 30. Keeping up morale gets REALLY hard when you play Hardcore mode I think, because I played it unchecked this game and I'm doing way better."
,Recommended,239840,20671322,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,JaagedHops,"Fallout Tactics meets base and team management meets the zombie apocalypse. Lack of a ""stealth button"" doesn't detract from the game once you find a claymore to cleave zombies in twain and a rifle to keep bandits at bay."
76561198007244476,Recommended,239840,21846683,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,keonelittle,love it a little bit gruelling from time to time but then I can come back to it for a day or two
,Recommended,239840,21599404,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,BIG BOSS,one of the decent games on steam  ! this game here i followed for a while and it  delivered  unlike most alpha gamesthe dev  knew what he was doing too unlike most
,Recommended,239840,14983158,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Øathbetrayer,"Great game, one of the best I have played in awhile.Still needs alot of work though.#1.  The Mood and Morale thing needs to be less of a factor, make it last longer.#2. I can't trade inventory items while at the shelter, I have to walk to a location just to swap gear.#3. I can't level up main stat points with the followers only secondary.#4. Possibly put an online/multiplayer mode. The NPC's in the game are just blah overall, bringing real people to survive would be AMAZING.#5. Add many more items and more places to loot, I find many shelves/cars  where you can't even check them out.#6. I have watched videos of ammo and other things vanishing from shelter inventory.The game is worth the money for sure, but can the Devs please improve the game more?!"
76561198012160186,Not Recommended,239840,17965207,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Dr. Rockso,"I was pretty shocked to see that my original review of this game seems to have vanished -- it wasn't very flattering.  I can only assume it's MIA because now this is Dead State: Reanimated.So let me begin by saying that I was an original backer for this game, and I have followed it's development closely.  It showed great promise and intrigue, and there appeared to be a great dynamic between the devs and community.  That was, until Christmas 2014.In what was the most apparent and appalling cash-grab I have ever seen by any professional entity, Double Bear Studios knowingly and willingly released this game in an unfinished, buggy, crash-ridden state.  The flame war which ensued between the community and devs is the stuff that legends are made of.I've hopped back to this game from time-to-time, in the hopes that it was finally completed in a halfway competent matter (again, great premise for a game and I love to support indie studios), but it looks like the project is finally been abandoned by the devs in a semi-working state.  It's still a POS final product, just not as big and stinky of a POS as when it was first released.Pros:Great premise of a game --  Walking Dead meets Jagged AllianceConsEverything Else!Game is still buggy as hell.  Don't even think about trying to play it on Windows 10.Graphics and music are just okayCombat is slow, slow, slooooooooooowwwwwww ... and equally boring.Almost non-existent base building.  Some upgrades are available ... but .... meh.Scripted locations and drops from scripted enemies.  Zero replay value because of this.  Almost zero percent random.A few different endings ... but nothing really that special.  Nothing that would make a player want to go back, retrace his/her almost exact steps again while dealing with the bugs and crashes.$30.00!!!!??  $30.00 for this POS buggy, game!??  Someone is seriously smoking crack if they think that's gonna fly.In Conclusion:I would suggest you don't buy this game.  Instead, spend a few hours reading through the forums starting at Christmas time, 2014.  The evolution of the flame war and the devs self-destruction of this game is far more entertaining and engrossing than the game itself -- and it's free."
76561198130899940,Not Recommended,239840,18124770,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,zootoo56,I can't seem to set the screen correctly half of the buttons are out of view no matter what i tried cant even exit the game without task manager
76561198030681948,Recommended,239840,18859892,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,david3907,Good concept for a game but combat repetative and rpg alements poor. Could have been so much more   4/10
,Recommended,239840,21285641,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Cripleshot,njoy evry minut of play
76561198066996396,Recommended,239840,24165800,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Marduk,"Very easy to play, fun in the first decades of hours, however get boring later."
76561197962973671,Recommended,239840,24053577,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Past0ri,"Suberb zombie survival game, where you advance as an airplane crash victim, in the state of Texas. You'll have to manage your homefront (school building) via completing constructions projects, keeping up morale, making difficult decisions etc. Also you'll have to scavenge everything from dozens of locations around the map, as well as clearing random encounters and finding more survivors.Its a shame we have yet another great survival/scavenging/crafting/managing game, but it is pretty bugged and unstable.Still lots of thing to do, over 100hours in one playthrough O_O great humor and atmosphere."
,Recommended,239840,25376412,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,gekido,"pretty cool, if simplistic.coordinate a group of survivors, explore a world map looking for supplies etc. pretty neat. the turn-based combat is super basic - no alt attacks, poses, or anything that might spice up the battles, but still works pretty well.the 'base' part of it gets a bit tedious. having to run around a fairly large environment to interact with objects that are effectively the 'base menu' gets tiresome quickly, but overall I'm enjoying it so far."
76561198055145091,Recommended,239840,31465994,Posted: 30 April,all,Glados,"A very entertaining game with much more depth than I first thought. The event driven storyline is interesteing and involving. Also, this storyline does not interfiere with free explocation and gameplay. I recommend it if you like RPG style games and you love Zombie stories.However the game mechanics are rather easy to learn. In other words, when you know how to take on a zombie group you can use the same strat for all other zombie groups. That leaves the human mobs as the only enemies that can challenge you. The resource gathering process is a bit tyring as well."
,Not Recommended,239840,12580494,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Hidden Inside,"New Review:The game's release was a travesty, and the cluster♥♥♥♥ of patches 2 weeks after release ruined the game for many, but lets not touch that, what is in past is in past.Its been almost 4 months since release and the game is deader then dead. I havent seen any patches or any significance, no gameplay changes to make it less of a boring farmfest. The balancing is still ridiculous, problems with FPS are still unresolved. Far Cry 4 on max settings no lags, no problem, -> lags galore in Dead State.The game's name defines the game state perfectly. Devs show absolutely no desire to fix anything. In fact i should have changes my review ages ago, but i still cradled hope that it will get better. It didnt, despite assistance from Iron Tower team, game is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gameplay is boring as ♥♥♥♥ as before, no replayability of any sort.No achievements, no development or 'support' of any significance for the game, In fact let me tell you about developers. One of the most hardheaded moderators on the forums ive seen, extremely agressive and unpleasant. The ♥♥♥♥ing head developer seems to have made it his mission to be reviled by community. Well done Mr Mitsoda. And here i was thinking 'the person was lead writer for my favourite game of all times, i better support him'. Brian Mitsoda is an unlikeable♥♥♥♥♥♥who should be removed from gave development industry. Before i blamed publishers for Troika's demise, now im not so sure. I can totally see the situation where there is inspection of how game is coming along back in 2004. In comes 'lead writer' and after a chat with him, publishers wisely decide to get out of this deal be it competition with hl2 at launch or bugs.I know that guy is now involved in helping with new Torment and im not happy with it one damn bit.Do not buy this game unless its on sale, - on oversaturated with zombie games market with BETTER games available for cRPG or management as alternatives there is absolutely no reason to get this game.I give it 4/10. Rushed cashgrab with no support by scumbag developers. If anyone purchased the game based on my old review during BETA which seemed to be very early version of what can be an incredible game, i am sincerely sorry. Please accept my humble apologies.DO NOT BUY THIS.Old Review (was back when there looked like game will be in 1year + more dev time).While having absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics and sort of boring at times gameplay, this is a real gem of a game. With its believable characters and novelty shelter management of resources, people and time.There is innovation in this game, something a lot of AAA titles do not have. It also has a soul. A bug ridden unfinished and poorly balances/optimised soul at that, but a charming one none the less.This is not just 'another zombie game' hell, zombies arent even that relevant here at all. They stop being a threat 1-2 weeks into the game. With frequent patches and team hard working to make this game better then it is, it has potential to become a great addition to any rpg lover collection or just anyone with great taste of games.Now, unfortunately, because of many flaws of the game, right now it can get only 7/10. But it has the potential to be an easy 9/10.If you want more creative, well conceived games with unique gameplay features, support the developer and buy the game. You definitely get your moneys worth."
76561198045816505,Recommended,239840,33528164,Posted: 13 July,all,CanadianBaconism,"Originall I was wishy washy about buying this game as I observed it from the sotre for the longest times and read the reviews until Dead State was on sale and I bought it for 5 $. Honestly it would have been worth 20$. The game's story is one of the bets I've ever seen. It is realistic, challenging, fun, intense, and it is time consuming. I actually enjoy the turn based fighting system and I praise the devs for it because they managed to make it very reasonable, except for accuracy with a giant♥♥♥♥♥railroad hammer having 45% chance of a hit when theres a zombie in front of you. Each survivor has their own personality and the writing for each character is incredible. Resource abundance is realistic, and maps are realistic. The sound meter adds to the realism and the challenge. Honestly I had trouble getting started but as I took more time and got more into it and gathered better weapons, and armor along with tougher survivors the game got easier. However it has always remained fun for me and I've loved every moment of it. It has a very long storyline and warning it is very time consuming but I think it is worth it. If you want a good single player story this is perfect. I strongly reccomend this game and it has a replay value to it unlike most story games. 9/10"
76561198096481550,Recommended,239840,24690592,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Themanwhowouldbeking,"I would recommend this game to anyone, who loves the classic Fallout games."
76561198027129179,Not Recommended,239840,10689607,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cmrd. Deathcall,"Potential, potential, potential.While there's not that much content yet (at least not released to public) and the updates are a bit slower than what I'd like... if you are fan of the zombie genre, this game is for you. It's not the ultimate zombie game, but it's a different take from all the other similar themed products out there.If you are into the more psychological aspect of the zombie survival, buy buy buy. That's not to say there isn't combat, but that's not the reason why this game shines.<< 09/26/14 UPDATE >>So the game has hit BETA state and the first patch has been released. I've also become a bit more active in the game's forums and learnt a couple things that I'd like to share with potential buyers.First, the game is meant to be SHORT. In game time is estimated to be about 3 or 4 months. This is worrysome when you consider that it'll probably take you less than 2 months to kill and loot EVERYTHING in the rather small area map you get to explore. This would mean that you'd spend a substantial amount of time either idle or simply dealing with repetitive task like assigning jobs or going to auto-gather locations.Talking about locations, a lot are on the small size. In most cases, you get to explore an area with only a couple of enterable buildings, which further decreases game time.Combat is still pretty straight forward and rather easy. My biggest worry hasn't been zombies or hostile survivors, but loot capacity. Once you know where you can find a good armor and a decent weapon (usually melee), you can go there almost straight away and get kitted out. Unless they substantially change how combat behaves (specially remove the player's ability to run behind an enemy and begin combat, thus always getting the first shot), I can't see it become challenging. Even big groups can be split appart by causing noise, which usually leads one or two members straight into your ambush just around the corner.Can't really comment much on the game's story as of yet because a lot of the script and dialogues have not been implemented or are currently not working, but even though it does seem to be shaping up to be an interesting zombie survival story, the presumed lenght of the campaign worries me greatly.I'd still recommend the game to any zombie fanatics out there, but be sure to know what kind of game you are getting into.All in all, I would recommend you go check out Project Zomboid before you buy this one, because even though the graphics are worse, it's got the survival aspect nailed down MUCH better than Dead State, and survivor AI is also in the works there.PD: There's no plans of allowing modding to the game either, at least from what I've seen and read.<< 14/03/15 UPDATE >>Well, after waiting for a good while for some kind of patch or content update I find myself abandoned by the developers. There hasn't been any major changes since December and from what I've seen, the Devs already said that the planned ""expansions"" have been called off because the game didn't sell well enough. What does that mean? You'll get a few more patches that fix what should have been functional on release day and perhaps a few more game mechanics that also should have been there on release day. Then, it's game over for Dead State.I am angry at myself for thinking that this could be any good. I've been following this since Alpha and I should have known that this team could not pull off such an ambitious project. Ambitious because it was something new, not because it was something hard to do. Honestly, with dated graphics and game mechanics that seem out of the 90s, how could this game take them two years to make? And don't get me started on the ending and the plot holes and so much other stuff.Bottom line, Dead State brings nothing new to the party. Combat hasn't been improved. Its boring, repetitive and cumbersome (when it doesn't bug out). The story is lame and the characters - while they have a few moments - are blanks that say their lines (the very few they have) and stand around in your shelter doing absolutely nothing. Music is nothing to be remembered. The rest of the game mechanics - specially the survival aspect - are badly implemented, break immersion or simply make no sense.What more can I say? I've been warning the devs about these faults for a long time on their forums and I was always met with blind optimism or simple denial. Now we are 3 months after release and it's exactly what I thought was going to happen: A disaster.To any possible customer:You want Combat? > H1Z1 / DayZ Standalone / DayZ ModYou want Survival? > Project ZomboidYou want story? > The Walkind Dead by Telltale Games, S1 and S2Changing my recommendation to a thumb down. Sorry, but you truly earned it DoubleBear."
76561198018929700,Recommended,239840,33461301,Posted: 11 July,all,Marshall,So far so good :)
,Recommended,239840,33557550,Posted: 15 July,all,Bobby,"LOVE IT !   Played around 30+ hours so far and its everything i ever wanted in a zombie survival game.  The story is great, i love the aspect of building shelter upgrades, assigning building jobs, finding new allies, and the fact that whilst the main story seems the same no matter how many times you play it through - there are always nice little random events that make it seem like a brand new game each time.If i am being picky, a couple of things id like to see added/improve (i know probably unlikely as game is a few years old but..) :1) Looting system - either give more looting events or less (i'll explain that).   If you find a car or van, you cant loot it because the game has nothing to give you from it, so then why are they so many ""lootable things"" like zombies that allow you to click on them but nothing inside.  It shouldnt be that hard to code that an object can only be looted/clicked if it has something to actually loot.2) Parts seem really hard to find yet there is an abundance of ""uncollectable / visual only"" items in each area, i get it must be balanced but again i cant help but cheer every time i find parts as they seem so rare, yes i did build recycling but its the finding of parts im talking about.3) Space allocation - would be nice to have an extra plot of land and you decide what its used for: farm / shooting range / recreation, etc rather than having set plots that then cant be expanded, example lets say you want a farm but you want a huge farm using all available land, not just a little greenhouse on the roof. But you would have to make the choice - if you build a farm you then cant have anything else on that land.  Maybe even the option to expand the perimeter.4) travelling at night time - i get that the game wants you back in your shelter by 8pm but why cant you say spend the night in an abandoned house then set off again in morning back to the shelter?  If it were real life thats what you would do.  Even if it were just a clickable button on the map next to the house you were at that said ""stay the night"" and gave you a percentage survival chance of you not being attacked during the night would be good. Then you could pick and choose the best option to spend the night and head back to the shelter the next day.5) romance options - even if it were just an occasional conversation or two that could lead to an ally getting a bonus towards agreeing with you would be nice.6) combat movement - the square chess like system can be very annoying especially if you have an injured ally that then cant escape because all spaces are blocked, really there shoukld be allowances for this like maybe when they panic they can run through taken spaces or that moving through a taken space as an additonal movement point/points penalty.Dont let my above 6 things put you off, its a great game and already has been worth every penny i paid for it.  Buy it !"
,Recommended,239840,24030568,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Fayreview,"This game is out of keeping with my general purchases, but as it was on sale I felt it was worth a go.In many ways this game feels like it could be mission-based content for one of the ""Rebuild"" games, which I certainly mean as a compliment.Theaspects that let this game down mainly revolve around combat. In combat the game feels like a clunkier version of X-COM. The pace is slower than X-COM's, too slow in fact due the difficulty level of game and this leads to the game being less desirable to play for long periods and, conversely, impossible to play for just short periods.However outside of combat; the plot line is compelling, more so than ""Sheltered"" or ""This War of Mine"" which are, conceptually, very similar games to this, albeit in the 2D format. The characters are very varied, particularly when you consider the large number of them and the dynamics between them are intruiging and quite realistic,htis adds greatlyto the hames playability.Overall I wouldn't spend full price on it and due to pacing I may never finish a game to completion, but in generalI think it will provide an enjoyable distraction fromt he real world."
,Recommended,239840,24223156,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ballistic Otter,"This game is what happens when you wait for like 5 years for a game to get released and then somehow they manage to release it twice, and it's good both times."
76561197980259241,Recommended,239840,34089957,Posted: 7 August,all,Voen,"I'm going to give this game a thumbs up, but there are quite a few caveats to go along with it. Its one of those many situations where a 'mixed' review would be what I'd rather pick, but forced to choose I think I land on the thumbs up side.Tl;dr: The storyline, characters, immersion and world-building are awesome, in my opinion. The capacity to make choices as you go within the world is a big factor in this. There is a ton of content, as I put in over a hundred hours and hadn't even beaten it for the first time yet (just got tapped out on the systems themselves). The RPG elements of it are really unique and enjoyable as well. However, the game is not polished, combat is awkward at best and outright broken at worst, and ends up feeling very tedious. To beat the harder enemies, your best bet is often to use 'cheesy' strategies to make up for how awkward the system is itself. Overall, I really enjoyed it, but its ~70 rating on metacritic makes sense in light of the lack of polish.First, it is not polished. There is a reason this game has a ~70 on metacritic. It is very sloppy in a lot of ways, and lots of things do not work well. Despite looking like it is from 2005, it still runs very poorly at moments when the environments get at all 'complex' or over-populated.Second, the combat is quirky at the best of times, awkward or broken at the worst. This is kind of a tie in to the first point on the game being polished, but it deserves its own note. I ended up not beating the game just because the process of fighting the undead, and even humans, became tedious after awhile. It was often necessary to use 'cheesy' strategies, such as screwing up the human enemies on doors (which they could not deal with effectively / intelligently most of the time) For context, I've beaten X-Com 1 from start to finish twice, and I've beaten Divinity: Original Sin. I don't normally tire easily of strategic combat games, but this one took it out of me to the point that, after over 100 hours played, I am throwing in the towel and calling the enjoyment I had of the game to where I reached a victory of its own.Third, it is not pretty. The character pictures are well done, but the actual models in the game are, as mentioned above, reminiscent of games from a decade older than Dead State. That has never really mattered to me all that much in games, but even I got a little bored with its lacklustre visuals.So, now that that is out of the way, why am I giving a thumbs up? Well, first off, I clocked over a hundred hours and *didn't beat it yet.* So as far as bang-for-your buck between play time and cost goes, this game is pretty damn economic. And to be clear, I did enjoy the first 100 hours. It was only once I continued to slide past that point, and discovered through looking online that I still had a loottt more to do, that I threw in the towel.Nextly, and this is the main thing for me, the writing, categories and world-building are phenomenol. Despite looking quite bluch, the game has really excellent writing and a huge cast of characters who are unique in their own way. They do a really excellent job as well of having the characters personalities reflected in their stats and decision-making. Many characters will have unique events and relationships that emerge between one another, even if they didn't know each other outside of the shelter. And the decision-making is far more reminsicent of Fallout 1 or 2 than more recent games that claim to give you a lot of choice. One of the advantages of forgoing voice acting is they can pile on the dialogue and character choice options without as much concern.So that's dead state in a nutshell. I'm done with it for now, but I think I may come back in a few years and use a walkthrough to try and find / save all the characters that you can (if that's even possible). Last thing I should probably note is this is a pretty cut and dried zombie survival game in a lot of basic ways, so if that's your jam you'll probably like it, but if that's a big turn off, you might find the cons I mentioned even more overpowering, and the pros inadequate."
76561198287475338,Recommended,239840,33993345,Posted: 3 August,all,bunny de fluff,"Dead State Reanimated is a 3D zombie wrecking turn-based RPG that reminds me of Fallout 2(the combat not the story). There is  some base building, scavenging and item crafting, and a lot of fight. You could find a lot of 3-way war in this game, with you fighting both zombies and human enemies, or you could stand aside and watch them fight it out if you'd mastered the art of zombie luring. If the human enemies were killed by zombies, they come back to life as zombies too. There are a lot of weapons and armors to choose from. Objects in the maps are quite detailed. And the most brilliant thing about this game is all the recruitable survivors with their own stories and their own interactions and dialogues between them. Took me around 120 hours to complete it. Very recommended."
76561198034223086,Not Recommended,239840,34451042,Posted: 23 August,all,aximil1,"It sucks that one of the main parts of the game, the combat, feels so bad.1) It'll auto remove you from the turn based combat system, with no option to turn that off. Which has gotten me killed multiple times trying to sneak up on a zombie.2) You can't finish off a looter that you know is going to turn. ""Well that guy just died to a zombie bite. Better wait for him to come back as a zombie, wander over, and hit me before I do anything about it.3) The building roofs are constantly getting in the way.4) Can't delay so someone else can get out of the way. It's either take your turn or wait for your next turn."
,Recommended,239840,34849672,Posted: 9 September,all,Cyberdemon,Good Group Management Zombie game.
76561198005517956,Recommended,239840,35435613,Posted: 2 October,all,Mystics_Warrior,This game totally captured my attention for the entirety of my playthrough.  I really enjoyed it and my only complaint was that there is no planned sequel.
76561198116179964,Recommended,239840,34664304,Posted: 1 September,all,tbassett,"So, I recently revisited this game and have found it to be quite interesting. It has an expansive storyline that branches well based on character skill and choices.  Items are interesting and balanced enough to actually make you sit and ponder which item to use.  There are a ton of custom tile sets in this game. The morale system is unique and works really well in comparison to other games.  This game is definitely one that other game developers should look at as something of a milestone in survival gameplay.The original reason I didn't recommend the game is because the UI is a mess.  It is extremely difficult to figure out what you're supposed to do in the home base and in combat, the hex overlay doesn't properly represent the actual movement (although the tooltip does).  Someone clearly put a lot of hard work into the game because it is seriously contented out, but some easy fixes to the UI, in-game help, and tool tips would have made this game wildly popular.  Hopefully either the developers will pick it back up and fix it or allow someone else to come in and do some fixes. If you're interested in the game, be prepared for a steep learning curve, some pointless base micro running between objects, and lack of polish that comes with a game that has been abandoned by its developers.  For fans of the survival genre, it is a study in both what to do and what not to do to make a good survival game.Original Review:This game has a great concept and was mostly fleshed out, but was never completely finished before launch. There is no ongoing support from the developers and probably would have be great had they finished with another 3 months of work. Unfortunately, it's buggy and incomplete and I can't recommend this game to a friend."
76561198122949172,Recommended,239840,35055296,Posted: 18 September,all,Puffus Veteranus Maximus,"A game with many good basic elements and ideas.It's sad that none of those basic elements aren't really complex - for example there is no random seed for enemy spawning in the facility, every single zombie and human enemy is in every run on the excactly same position only the incomming zombies from noises are random spawned around the levels borders."
76561197965046644,Recommended,239840,35108573,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,A fun zombie turn based RPG. I had so much fun going on on scavenging hunts only to return to find someone at my community main gate asking for free stuff...i refused and was then attacked...ha fools they thought their melee weapons would do them good against guns...think again.
76561198031360009,Recommended,239840,13248904,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,mordmorgan,"I've enjoyed it.  This last patch is kinda buggy, which is unfortunate that it's the release patch and so many people are getting down on the game.  More than my money's worth in entertainment, but like I said, the release patch is kinda buggy and crashy, but it will be patched up.As an example, in my best run, I had about 40 survivors with me, each with their own abilities that level up, we travelled by horse everywhere and did our best to survive by picking fruit, fishing fish, and killing zombies.   As the game progresses of course zombies became less and less of a problem, and different human groups became the problems, including the police, army, bikers and survivalist groups that just didn't like the look of me and  my raiding errrrr hunting party.If what you are looking for is a game with:a) zombies (And angry barely surviving humans)b) fortifying your base (Watchtower, stone fence, garage, garden, shooting range, etc)c) medium level Role play (Most role play actions are done just at the start of each day, and can range from your people asking you for a day off because they feel ill, or asking for particular items out in the world, or a crisis event which may be someone murdered another person in the group)d) exploration (The map has a bunch of stops with maps of varying sizes)"
76561198104089191,Recommended,239840,12456732,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"Pretty neat game. Really good to revisit some turn based combat stuff. Its holding my attention as a fun diversion from other things.A few quirks still yet but very neat to play.No problems with game play I have had so far.No crash issues.I dont like that you can knock out people but then are forced to kill them outright while down, you cant just loot them and leave them helpless.A few things I am still learning to deal with, but again, overall a good play at this point."
76561198021662957,Recommended,239840,13278393,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,xXI Mr Two IXx,"Dead State stands alone as a Zombie TBS Rpg, mostly because there aren't any others. The game's core is great, the concept is spot on, and Turned based strategy is, in my opinion, the best mechanical base for a zombie game. The final product isn't as good as I hoped it would be when I first read about it two years ago. But I still think the released game is enjoyable, if short of the potential the setting and style could have provided.IssuesDead State uses the Torque engine just like Age of Decadence, its not that pretty. Better than 2d pixels but it also lacks the ""retro charm"" some pixel games capture.There is very little scripted content like what is found in Age of Decadence, I enjoyed that content in AOD and wish some of these engine utilizations made it into Dead State.Its psuedo open world, you really have no choice in where you go or stay only in the order of actions. This is the biggest issue I have with game. There is very little emergent content, and NPC interactions are very limited. Its either friendly will join you, or shoot first ask questions later. If you shoot first you make everyone sad though.UI is clunky and this is a title you should read the manual for, otherwise you will be complaining about follower item management in the forums.The goodIts a zombie tbs RPG!Classic zombies, ie walking dead style. No sci-fi exploding, mutuant jumping zombies. Could use more of them on screen at once IMO.All the classic themes are present. Gather supplies, fix up your shelter, defend against zombies and bandits, or be a bandit.Good selection of weapons, items, skills, upgrades, etc. You can build a self sustaining fortress, but you can't leave and live in a house of your choosing.This is a great base and I'm excited to see what/when mods get ahold of it."
76561198006982984,Recommended,239840,13302181,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,MechaNick,"I have been following Dead State for a long time now and I've seen it improve again and again as it's development progressed. I'm adding a review now that it has finally left early access and TL;DR - It's an amazing game.Building your base gives you various objectives to look forwards to. Scavenging is fun and rewarding, giving you that fist pump ""Yes!"" moment when you find something good. Combat is engaging and strategic, although zombies could be a little more threatening (the moment you can kill one with a single sneak attack makes mowing through them effortless).I've restarted my game again and again as new content was added, having fun each time exploring everything new. I'd definitely reccomend the game to anyone who enjoys survival, zombie, or Turn based strategy games."
76561198056797204,Recommended,239840,12668423,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Suralle,"Turn based!!!1000's of ways to die, or well, 1000's of infected and non infected ways to be killed.  Fairly sure this is my new go to game when lounging around the apartment (not at home of course, well maybe).Strategic and Tactical decisions required at numerous points of the game impact key areas of food, material, who lives and which allies go by the wayside. Some allies are quest driven, some are just zombie bait, remember, though, just because Joe is useless today, doesn't mean that they won't be useful later and when your skills increase.A murderer was found today at the shelter, tried, and convicted, death by hanging at 1700, do you want to know more!?  Face it, the folks that survive a major pandemic are probably not voted, most likely to succeed in a, what is considered a normal, moral society.  Figuring out their problems, solving their problems and saving them from themselves are what a leader of a group does right?With the current release Dead State has got even more functionality and continues to amaze me.Warmest Regards,Suralle"
76561198135457234,Recommended,239840,13301054,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Unity242,"Dead State is a fun tb-strategy rpg game mainly concerning scavenging, battles, resource management, building a secure base and dealing with other survivors during a zombie outbreak.I like the way of leveling survivors, where they earn stats and skillpoints by completing certain goals. During scavenging there're a lot of different weapons and armor to be found, so I can play my own suitable combatstyle. Except battling zombies there're also many social challenges through dialogues between survivors which I like to solve.I've played Dead State since beta came out. The game has still bugs, but the devs are doing a great job frequently releasing patches and showing that they care. As a die-hard fan of survival games I really enjoy Dead State."
,Recommended,239840,13375364,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,chila,"I've been playing the game for a while, I've liked many things like the tasks, the leadership it has to be taken, the hard REALLY hard choices you have to make and so on.The game has a H U G E potential for improvement,  combatwise and characters reaction (dialogs, motions, etc..).It does have weird glitchs like bodies not being able to be looted, with your to-do list, with characters asking over and over for you to do the same thing, etc...I bought the game despite the high price for the current state of the product and others whorthier titles with the hopes of constantly updates of those bugs.So yeah, so far I don't regret buying the game, just hope the Bears really deliver."
76561198055029245,Recommended,239840,13512601,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Knyce,REally great game back to all the best bits form old school with all the actually good new bits too
76561198039810912,Recommended,239840,9121462,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh,"If you're looking for a very fun point and click based RPG based around survivors in a zombie apocalypse this is it.Dead State has been coming out for quite some time now and just recently got released under early access on Steam, if you aren't a HUGE fan of it please do not buy it or you will be disappointed with the length.Basically the game consists of you surviving in a world gone mad, you have to make sure your shelter is adequately protected, maintain relationships with other survivors, beware of threats etc. You can currently only build a well for the shelter but by the looks of things there's going to be quite a lot to upgrade in the full game.You get a map where you venture out to various locations, to collect supplies, etc and fight zombies and looters.All in all its a FANTASTIC game and I'm in love with it and cannot wait to play more.P.S. You'd be looking at 8-12 hours of game-play for the 7 day demo if you explore all the locations etc and do everything."
76561198050443485,Recommended,239840,13423020,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,nukingfutz,"I have been waiting for this game since I first heard of its concept! It is everything that I wanted in a game, a 4x game that has Zombies, survivors and a base of operations. With researching, scavanging, creating and assigning jobs it gets even better the longer you play it!  I really liked it when it was only a 7-day early release version, I love this game now. Even with some of the problems, it is totally worth playing. The creators are continously updating and tweaking it to make it even better. If there is a found problem that you (or anyone) reports, they work on fixing it asap. The problems are few, and I have only expierenced a couple while it was in early release, but when they patched it, the problems dissappeared. This game is very worth the price to pay. Buy it, play it, enjoy it!"
76561198032079587,Recommended,239840,13134389,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Civplayer,"I am not a big fan of RTS games (I'm old and slow) so I tend to really gravitate towards turn based games.  So naturally I was very interested in Dead State and followed its development for some time (seems like a really long time).  I didn't actually buy it and begin playing until update 3. I really wanted to wait until release but curiosity got the best of me.There aren't a whole lot of games that do turn based isometric combat really well.  Dead State doesn't do anything new in that regard either, in fact the combat, even though it can be quite a challenge until you get decent armor, weapons and skills it is really very simple. There is no cover, crouch, stealth or very many combat options at all. But it still manages to be very engaging and fun.  With that said it really isn’t the combat that make this game so engrossing.Dead State does a great job of drawing you into the world it’s created.  You need to struggle to survive. You need to struggle to keep your base running. You need to struggle to get along with your ever growing group of personalities, oops I meant fellow survivors.  You’re in charge but you’re challenged to stay in charge.  You have to choose whether to allow in, or to keep some useful troublemakers.  Word of warning some people might not be what they seem to be!As the game has developed through various updates; it’s now on update 5.5, the dialog has gotten a little more polish. It is fairly deep as it is but it could be deeper, just a slight knock in that department. The stories are compelling but a little shallow. There is plenty to do at the base, but also not much to do at the base at the same time. I know that’s confusing let me explain.The game progresses at the close of each day, sort of a big ""end of turn"".  Every day you set up your job assignments and go out into the word to scavenge. Back at base after you talk to your fellow survivors, there a few lines of dialog and dialog choices and that’s pretty much it. So even though you begin to care about some of your survivors and your base there really isn’t any way to satisfyingly interact with your base or fellow survivors.In closing what you have here is a very solid good time playing in a zombie apocalypse.  It isn’t very deep but it is still very satisfying and it will eat up a big chunk of your time as you get into that, ""well let me just see what happens tomorrow"" (or the just one more turn) mindsetOverall I’d rate it a solid 7.5 out of 10, it loses points because its combat is somewhat primitive and the stories inside your home community are a little shallow.This game is well worth the cost and well worth your time if you are at all interested it this genre, in other words, BUY IT! PLAY IT! I doubt you’ll regret it!"
76561198071927590,Recommended,239840,13448685,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Yograin,Very well written game with interesting story and good atmosphere. Do not expect it to be mainly combat focused as the combat is bit trivial.What I find really outstanding are the personnal stories of the cca. 40 survivors you can have in your shelter.As of 19.12.14 the game isn't as polished as it could and should be and some bugs might spoil your experience. Not all endings are implemented and some personnal stories of your survivors are incorrectly sequenced/finetuned but the majority is done properly and there are really many of them.Very nice addition to the game is the possibility to decode messages and files(150 of them) from other survivors where you can read stories how the disaster happened and some other interesting reading. Conspiracy theories etc. fitting well with the overall atmosphere of the game.Building and running your shelter and its inhabitants is done nicely even if it might not be challenging for experienced players.
,Recommended,239840,13229961,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Demonbox,"UPDATE:With the new ""Reanimated"" release I felt like bumping this game again.Many of the bugs/issues that were present in previous iterations are now fixed, bear in mind I managed to complete the game before this update encountering only a couple of major issues, but some players encountered more, well...If you haven't tried Dead State yet, I highly suggest to do it now.*****You can craft, you have to interact with a lot of npcs, you have to scavenge for food and other resources, build and fortify your shelter, explore a vast map, you have to fight for those resources against gangs, other survivors and random crazy dudes and you do it in a very good turn-based way, your choices matter, but is not like this world is frozen in time, waiting for you to take a decision.Oh and of course there are zombies, zombies at your door, zombies on the streets, in the stores, in the houses, in the forest...So if this is what you are looking for in a game, well you just found the perfect game: an open world, turn based zombie apocalipse survival RPG."
76561197961974759,Recommended,239840,13234537,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,[F2PNoobCrew] Foxfire,"Oh lawd, this game is awesome- the developers rock, it was great (if unpolished) in alpha testing, and it is righteously realized in its final form. Be prepared to have fun. Be prepared to do evil, no-good things to ensure your team survives. (no spoilers, but I fed a priest to zombies to keep him from becoming a competitor in my shelter) In all, this game farn surpasses it's high bargain-bin price.All I wanted to do at work today was play Dead State :)."
76561198052172235,Recommended,239840,12442648,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,siegeshot,"Great game. Ignore the haters. If you like strategy, survival, zombie goodness, diplomacy, crisis management this game is for you."
76561198000435804,Recommended,239840,12747182,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sankfang,These amazing small team games make me wonder if big developers have any creativity left in their shrivled little bodies since EA keeps sucking their blood out with a straw. Don't play the newest shooter with it's brown hallways and guns that all sound the same. Give your money to people who deserve it. Even if this is ANOTHER zombie game it at least interesting and very fun to play. Can't wait for the full version.Buy it.
,Recommended,239840,13460916,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,yukfu,Every decision I make ends in instant regret and I love it.
76561197996037463,Recommended,239840,12893498,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Le Bart,"I personally think this is a gem in it's genre. If you never played a turn based tactical rpg before, just try it. What is there to lose? If you already did, great!When it comes to turn based tactical rpg's, I have played a lot of them. We all agree we loved Jagged alliance 2, but all others have been received with mixed feelings. Not many of them could break out of the standard formula of a squad of six, besides silent storm, the setting was always more or less the same.This game doesn't feel like jagged alliance at all and that makes it so great! The setting is very, very well chosen. In a post apocalyptic world money becomes unimportant, so you have to start building yourself. The combat system is primitive, but handles very nicely.Also, living people and zombies live side by side. Every now and then that makes for interesting combat situations. Don't let knocked out foes lie around when zombies still roam the combat area!On top of that, a lot of what you will be doing is managing. Your team will consume food, gasoline, antibiotics and so on. They will not all like eachother and you will sometimes fail.Personally, I think the game has a lot of potential of becoming a new benchmark and making the genre surpass its never found glory. I am pretty happy that I helped the makers a few euro's closer to keeping up the good job."
76561197961077133,Recommended,239840,13380069,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Buzz Killington,"engrossing game, one of my favourites."
,Recommended,239840,13555523,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Jinsai,"Slow-paced Zombie survival RPG. Build a base, recruit survivors, and try to maintain some civilization. Not particularly flashy or sizzly, which is not necessarily a bad thing. Unfortunately has some story-stopping bugs as of this writing, but I expect those will get worked out. If you like the slower side of games like Fallout, this is worth a try."
76561198031241143,Not Recommended,239840,13234060,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Scribble,"I read alot of the reviews on here for this game before purchasing, a long list of positive, and I think theyre crazy. I purchased this game for 30 dollars and I feel ive been ripped off. DO not purchase this game for more then 10 dollars, its not that level of playable. It has clunky controls, 99 % of the items you find are not actually useable, theyre either quest items or food/materials that you store in your safehouse. The game starts without voiced dialogue, intro, or special effects of any kind. The character creation screen is laughable, they took 5 character faces for man and woman, wioth  5 different attributes; neck tattoo, choker, skin color, 5 different hair, and shuffeled them around to make it look like they have 100 + charaters to choose from. While I obviously havent given it much time, I was soooo shocked at the poor quality of game I just purchased for 30 dollars that I had to write a review.Most importantly the game isnt fun. Your bored before you ever begin. Your bored at reading instructions, your bored during combat, your bored looking for where your suppose to go, your bored watching your party travel across a 2d map. UGH"
76561197966610978,Recommended,239840,13524481,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Akogooth,"First of all, I love this game. (8/10)It has right the amount of progress to keep you playing, looting and dealing with moral choices...But it has some major issues too:1) You can stalk up to enemies in realtime and most of the time make the first blow. BUT the pathfinding Ai is really bad for your team (not the selected player that one is good). (especially with 4 ppl in the party) So you end up with one to two ppl next to the enemy and 2 ppl more than one round away.You can't do that in Turn based mode, cause the enemy instantly knows you are sneaking up to them even if they didnt see you comming.2) You can not pause the game to make changes or give orders. That wouldn't be bad, if the turn based mode would not just end after no one is close by. (You see someone is comming, hit Space Key and want to reload before the actual combat begins. Yea.. right.. damn picked the wronge Character, Space again.. realtime continues.. bam they see you.. combat starts... all weapons shot empty -.- )Having a complete Party movement without going to realtime would be great. (or a Pause mode with beeing able to give orders)3) Loads. Having loot that has weight is a nice game mechanic and (Warning potential Spoiler:) later when you get to use a car, you can load stuff into it. All nice, but im missing the possibility to have additional Horses or a Trailer for your car (cause it can only hold 200pnds of loot... even a Fiat 500 can pack more Stuff)And you must unload the car by hand. (every Character has the option to choose the whole inventory and move it to the shelter stash. But the car is no Character so you have to unload the car into your player char inventory and after that you can move it into the stash.4) Sorting of the Task Board.... it just does what it wants, after you have changed one task.Sorty by Job... Change Char XY from No Job to Guard Duty... and complete chaos. (if its a problem with the code.. just don't sort after a change)5) Science Skill... i played now for 30+h and I only got one char in my group with science above 6... but he has NO mechanics skill.. so i can't build armor -.- (because it needs Science to research in the workshop but you need atleast 1 point in Mechanics to unlock the Workshopmenue in wich you can resarch it)If there are coming more Patches and new content, this game will be awsome.Until then its great, and if you see it in a sale.. buy it.(Maybee you noticed, im no native speaker, so please forgive me my mistakes)"
76561198023507159,Recommended,239840,12519065,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,the.grognard,"The game's released. It's been a rocky launch technically.They probably rushed it a bit too fast, but it's pretty solid. If you have the patience to put up with bugs and glitches you will find a good game here. The developer seems intent on stabilizing the game in that regard.It's an interesting mix of survivalist group management and turn based tactical resolution. The combat AI is fairly linear (You aggro zombies and looters and they attack), but that works fine for this genre. My biggest complaint is that gun combat mechanics are VERY weak once you start fighting militia and rogue soldiers. It's the exact same run-n-gun AI from the early game except these guys have assault rifles, body armor, grenades, and a firm desire to expend all that in killing you.  Consider carefully before starting a campaign in Ironman mode.  The game keeps you on rails to start with limited options, but that opens up as you go.For me the game's become more rewarding the longer I've played. I like it a lot."
76561198000185153,Recommended,239840,13238126,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,steelofman,This game reminds me of fallout 1 and 2. For those who are too young to remember those games they both won game of the year when they where released and where fantasic games.The devs have worked hard and made a masterpiece without huge powerhouse developers like EA's financial backing. I give this game 100% and so far the best game i have played this year.
,Recommended,239840,13577257,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PsychoTexan,"To start with, this game is worth the money, however there are a couple issues:1. Allies stats never improve, it pretty much feels like your character is the sole reason any of these people survive.2. You can't access your allies inventories while in your base. this combined with the weight carrying system and the auto deposit system makes it somewhat annoying. i.e. You will have stuff that isn't auto converted to resources that is simply stuck on other characters until you leave your base and go someplace else.3. bugs, occasionally you will run up to a zombie, initiate combat, and low and behold..... nothing. I have tried everything but occasionally the attack cursor will simply not show up causing me to have to retreat to a safe distance while pounding my head into the desk.If these issues could be fixed it would be an amazing game. currently it is worth the money but just barely"
76561198008973556,Recommended,239840,13375600,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,hazz,great game lovers of old school rpgs like Ja2 will love this
76561198015050688,Recommended,239840,13300314,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Minister Of Severe Torture,"Been playing this since its early access. Its come a long way in that time. This is an excellent turn-based strategy with rpg elements. The combat system is well-refined without being overly complicated.  Each character's story is unique and interesting. The storylines and character interaction is well thought-out. The game offers infinite replayability however maintains structure. Its come a long way, and is well worth every penny of the current $20 pricetag."
76561197971588671,Recommended,239840,13265591,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,123,"A very good turn based game.  The interface could use some fleshing out, but the conversations are well written and the characters are interesting.  You will hate scavengers.  You will love brush hooks and fire axes.  You will love your school house rock."
76561197972716349,Recommended,239840,9298147,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,bobk_100,"Enjoying the demo so far, although I am dying alot, usually for lack of bandages. Can`t wait for the full game, I think it will be very exciting when some of the features promised, are implemented into the game.Just had a crash during testing, but a screen pops up and lets you send a report right to Brian and the guys.I believe alot of people on the fence will get onboard when the game is released and the demo is free, but I was ready to go now, and help with the testing."
76561198012159553,Recommended,239840,13626130,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,the_james_scott,"Despite the lack of polish, glitches, crashes, character clipping, erratic character movement, minimal sound, frustrating dialogue options with seeminlgy no results and constantly moody NPCs, Dead State has really got it's hooks into me. At it's heart, it's a fantastic game idea which I can't put down.Trying to coordinate the daily run(s) to grab supplies and, more than likely, get hurt a lot by both the undead and the living whilst trying to unearth valuable supplies, antibiotics and gas in particular, whilst also ensuring that you've got the right people doing the right jobs to upgrade your base is highly engaging. Finding the two antibiotics that you desperately need on the last looter that you down really gives you that excitement that all good games provide.Is it finished? No, not by a long shot. But can I work with that? Yes. That being said, I also cannot wait for the final, polished version. For someone who has had a 15 year hiatus from old school PC gaming, I was lured back by Wasteland 2 and have been well and truly sucked in since. If the devs can get Dead State up to the same level of quality that the guys behind Wasteland 2 achieved, that would make me a very, very happy man.Double Bear, please keep the work going. You've got the bare bones of a fantastic game. It just needs a really good wax on the top coat."
76561197970882040,Recommended,239840,9168262,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[enVy] Bezzer,Really enjoyed what I have played of this game so far. Its only in Alpha but you get the idea of where the game is going. I am hoping by the time it gets to Beta and even release that they have really added flesh to the bones. Think of this as Jagged Alliance with a Walking Dead theme! Keep it coming!
76561198086454526,Recommended,239840,13327711,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Feuer353,"Me and my friends really liked the game, but I would like to see in future updates some changes:- able to shoot a double-barreled weapon double shot (doublet);- different types of firing a weapon: offhand, aiming, shot in the head (only a single shot);- new upgraded weapons, armors and shelters;- more powerful opponents in the later stages (new types of zombies and bandits);- assistance to friendly groups in the protection;- ""to teach"" opponents to chase the player after entering the building.In the distant future I would like to see a new interesting story and lots of layered long quests (with the necessity of moral choice)."
76561197972879118,Recommended,239840,13602062,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Antihero707,"This game should be much more fun than it is. All the pieces are there, but the fun seems just out of reach. Interface awkwardness is one of the biggest hindrances in the game. The story and the feel of the game are great and there is massive potential here, but the devs really need to make a few improvements to make the game more accessable and therefore more fun.I almost didn't want to recommend this, because that's like giving the devs permission to leave this game in what I have to say is an unfinished state, despite the fact that it's been 'released'. I want so much to immerse myself in the game, but frustrating bugs and poorly designed mechanics keep pulling me back out. In short, this game really lacks the refinement needed to call it 'released'. To be clear, I am NOT comparing this to modern AAA titles, in fact I play mostly indie games, but this game still needs some love to be not held back by design issues.You can expect a classic Fallout-esque RPG experience, with sadly few interface improvements over those older generations of games. The biggest dissapointment is that the crafting and base improvement mechanics seem so thus far to be completely on-rails and thus much less engaging or fun than they could be. This style of combat system has also come very far since those days, yet this game encorporates none of those advances.If this was a base 100 rating system and not yes/no, I'd probably give it 72/100."
76561198044545160,Recommended,239840,13273149,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,gazmaynard,"Well F**k me! You developer types have cracked it!This is a top... TOP drawer game - 29 hours have flown by, Well worth the money. Please PLEASE tell me you have DLC in the pipeline??This game could be HUGE with the right marketing :)Best 20 quid i've spent in ages :)Thank you!"
76561198076765465,Recommended,239840,9170401,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ApexGreyhawk,"Completed the first 7 days Demo yesterday.  Great game!  This is not my typical genre as I normally dislike the turn based combat aspect but I loved it in Dead State.  I've played a couple of zombie survival games, shelter building, party building, all that good stuff, and found them uninteresting.  Dead State, even in just the demo version, hooked me right away.  Can't beat a game that has solid gameplay, and a what appears to be a terrific story to go along with it.Can't wait to play the full game!  Highly recommend Dead State."
,Not Recommended,239840,13254259,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,spoderman_spoody | Lvl 22 Druid,"This was not fun at all. Super linear fighting. The only variety is ""Am I going to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by unhittable zombies or♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 5+ looters with guns?"" You can't even place all your people into combat effectively from the start since entering combat is most of the time not your choice which means at least one of your survivors is going to get hit right off the bat no matter what.I had a zombie completely surrounded by 5 survivors yet the hit % was less than 50.. Out of all those attacks only 2 connected. I tried to play this seriously and after 2 hours of frustration I would not play this again."
76561197994381306,Recommended,239840,13264541,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Deserter,"Update 12/7/2014Now with the fix ill give it a postive review.Game may not be perfect but its fun and its easy to lose yourself into this world. Good buy for $30.First things first.I love this gameill say it again I love this game, its amazing ive played 36 hours and i dont think ive done 50% of it and already have different plans for another playthrough. So why dont I recomend it ? It has bugs and lots of them. Now i can handle a few minor bugs, and have encountered several of those, in adition to that there are a couple things that arnt well thought out like a major game event that if you hit too soon your basically need to restart a save from before ( before going to the hospital make sure you can handle a squad of military upon leaving ) but I even found away around that.36 hours in my game is broken I can no longer create a party and to top it off my horse functionality is broken. this all happened after vic got into a fight with regina?I want to play this game right now but i cant do anything i dont have fast travel and i dont have a party, ive looted everything close by and i cant handle anything further by myself.the game is clearly in beta, it is fun when it works it really is alot of fun, but its broken.Please fix this game i want to give it a positive review."
76561197964631447,Recommended,239840,13611872,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Denjanjeau,"There are dead people attacking you. There is a shelter you need to manage. There are dilemmas to handle. There  are rouge military and police. What is there not to like?Looting and building the shelter is fun. So is handling the whiny survivors. As my character evolves I pick different followers for the looting missions. I find horses, upgrade the car to use the trunk and so on. I really liked the atmosphere and the challenge.I am an optimizer. The game got a bit too easy too quick and there isn't (so far) a difficulty setting. Given I haven't finished the game yet (I am at day 35 - my impression is that it will go to 100) I cannot say if there will be more surprises yet. I have not visited every location, nor found every follower. But regardless I have had a lot of time and I want to congratulate the indie developers for adding this piece of well tasting candy to the bland world of mass produced computer games.Money well spent! Kudos."
76561198021162261,Recommended,239840,9168172,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,chrikk,"This seems like a nice little crowdfunding exercise... But i will gladly participate.Its amazing with a RPG where you find medicine in the the med. cabinet and trash in the dumpster intstead of the other way around. The idea of the game is really fun, kind of a leadership simulator/zombie RPG.Im really looking forward to the end product."
,Recommended,239840,13264095,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,GuiJay,"Before purchasing this game, you have to realise this is an INDIE title made by a small team with a small budget. It cuts some corners, it's not as polished as the bigger titles. Can you live with that? If yes, then it's a little gem of a game.It's a turn-based zombie apocalypse fallout-esque ""loot the world"" RPG. Like scavenging? Like old-school ""dumb slow"" zombies? Like exploring stuff and building up your home camp? This is it.At the moment of this writting, be aware that there are still quite a few bugs in the game, but most of them are minor or can be overlooked and the game is still enjoyable. However, the devs have been very visible and present and it's obvious they are working on those right now; expect many patches in the weeks to come.It's not a tactical combat game; the combat is not as integrated as some dedicated game like X-Com. Don't go in expecting a ton of tactical combat options, as almost everything is organic, and battle is closer to chess than an actual firefight. Movement and positioning are as important as the type of equipment you bring to the table, and personally I like it that way; there's no artificial game effects, everything is part of the way you handle your squad. Getting swarmed by zombies? Pull back and use a choke point. Getting mowed down by human enemies with guns? Move behind cover and force them to come into melee range, or pull them into the nearby pack of zombies, etc.The rest of the game contains a lot of dialogue and decision-making. Dealing with your ever-growing pack of survivors keeps you on edge, as you never know what kind of event is going to pop up each day, which keeps the world interesting. Exploring the map and finding a new zone full of goodies to bring back to your base camp is an awesome feeling, like finding a treasure room each time, and random encounters run the gamut from new allies to just a few random zombies to bandit ambushes.The maps were nicely crafted, and have this sense of ""events past"", you can almost read the story of what transpired at the location you are visiting, with the crashed cars and the blood streaks left by the zombies that must have dragged the screaming occupants out, etc.All in all, a nice game that will only get better as the devs fix the bugs. Its premise is also quite unique, and I'm giving this 100% of my support, as I want more games of this type to exist."
,Not Recommended,239840,9108128,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Zukkini,25$ Demo.....
76561198065867547,Recommended,239840,13381008,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DeN_DarK,"It is very good old-school RPG and first good RPG about Z-Apocalypse. It is indie game and may be lacking some things. But this game have soul.It it slightly too long and it is too bad they don't implement ""cure"" ending (cause of bugs). Still i hope they add this in new update."
76561197978710260,Recommended,239840,13105078,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Ellsham,"I have been following this game ever since its kick starter and im happy to say im very happy with the result. Even though its still early access and the release is december 2014 the ammount of content you get is great.As far as early access goes this has been one of the best.If you liked the oringal fallout 1 and 2 games then you will love this with the added management aspect of the game.For such a small team of developers they have done well in pushing this out with the ammount of content it has and they have actually listened to the community for feed back and improvements during early access, can not wait for the full release in a few weeks, defo worth the price."
,Recommended,239840,13402821,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Qmark,haven't experienced any bugs yet.  Really fun can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,239840,13299845,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TAMPAX GOD OF BLOOD,"I've been following this game since the later stages of the Early Access demo. This is two or three times the game that it was when I started playing, and I'd easily recommend it to anybody who enjoyed Fallout 1/2, Arcanum, or zombie media in general!"
76561197977211401,Not Recommended,239840,13782051,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,"Game is not worth buying at the moment.  Every aspect suffers from huge amounts of bugs, many bring game breaking bugs.  Particularily the endings (if you havent been hit by a bug which prevents your storyline progression) which kills the entire last 1/3 of the game...  Even bugs which themselves are not inherently game breaking can interact with other bugs or wonky mechanics in order to essentially turn into a game breaker.The one place the game has the potential to shine is the interaction between survivors, but even that is hampered by poor implementation and bugs.  All other aspects of the game are mediocre to begin with, but then made worse by shockingly bad implementation and glitches.Leave it for a few months, say 3-4 months from when this review is posted.  Should be enough time for them to have patched most of it, will probably be good at that point.  But if you dont really give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about buying and playing unfinished games you should get it now, fun enough.Also the company itself is dodgy in many ways (googling it will be better for you than me posting it here), if you are the kind of person that uses that as a qualifier for your purchases."
76561197986412996,Recommended,239840,9165305,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,DogTag,Save your money for now reason being its only a demo version of the game which it did not stat when it came on for release on steam. But it dos look interesting if not alittle UI clumsy atm.
,Recommended,239840,9235641,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,--,"Love the idea of this game, being a big fan of zombie post apocalyptic type stuff and of strategy. This of course was a perfect choice. The game is full of bugs currently however. Not being able to save, and random crashes during battles is very frustrating, but once those are ironed out this is going to be an amazing game!"
76561197977786553,Recommended,239840,9205040,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,darqart,"I knew what i was getting when I bought this game demo. I knew it was a WIP or work in progress. I knew it would be short. I am happy with the taste of the game that I bought. I like the concepts and the setting. I hope that giving my  money to this company will help them to produce a great final product. The demo left me wanting to experiance the full game.I had forgotten that i had written a review early on during early access. I am still happy with game after its release. I do recommend it.Pros: interesting setting. base building. turn based. interesing allies.Cons: zombies too easy. Some human NPC's too easy, some too hard. Some bugs still in game but dev's are working on patches due to feed back. Allies in base static."
,Recommended,239840,9095875,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,AsianPenetration,"I have really enjoyed my time playing, it has it's own set of challanges, although the challanges are similiar to other games of the genre(food, surviving, managment) The real difference is it approaches the challanges differently, so far anyway from the time i have spent playing the game. Along with adding some new challanges such as the moral feature, finding an amenity such as toilet paper never seemed like a luxury until put into the context of the game setting. The turn-based  combat system is easy to pickup and overal works very well. Also the weapons themselfs i feel all have advantages and disadvantages which could really change your play style. You need to decide if you use a gun you risk alerting looters or zombies and with a heavy weapon such as a sledgehammer you get higher damage but as i have noticed you miss the enemy alot more(it was literally the death of my character when i missed)One of the things that has been touched on in other reviews is the expectations of the game. I personally expected a freeform game where i could just go out and do my own thing, although i do feel an aspect of that it also feels guided in a way. It is worth a buy in my opinion."
,Recommended,239840,9222420,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Turbo Autism,"The game has come to a standpoint of awesome. It has so much stuff to do, is challenging, yet very rewarding. I would absolutely love this game to death and it would be a 10/10 for me if it wasn't turn-based. In my opinion that is it's biggest downfall. I absolutely despise being less than a foot from someone and ""missing"" an attack with a shotgun or an axe. Really? Despite the turn-base scenario, the game deserves at least a solid 7.5/10"
76561197964772659,Recommended,239840,9100506,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,arcaner,"First of all I understand this is an early access so I wont talk about bug. Here are the point I found out:1. Zombie that you dont see shoulnt spend 3 minute moving while you wait.2. The game need a new GUI... This look like a proof of concept.3. NO REPLAYABILITY. I tried to restart 4 time, exact same zombie and looter at fixed position. No surprise.4. The term ""START DEMO"" is present in the game. QA someone ? if you dont want me to think im buying a demo dont show it."
76561198045338509,Recommended,239840,13317442,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,LastLight,"Maybe I am easilly appeased by the zombie survival scene, but I have to say this is one of the better games I've played. In fact, despite the massive amount of bugs that the devs are still working out, this game is a thumbs up, with a good challenge and in depth game play. If you are able to have patience with some bugs, and look into the quality of the game, you will enjoy this one."
76561197960991376,Not Recommended,239840,13311603,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Normann,"I was looking forward to this. So far I must say it is a good effort but beside that it should still be in early access, I don't think it is priced properly. I am all about helping indie devs but for $29.99 I would expect something better. This game is lacking in most areas. To name a few:1. I did not find a way to remap controls. WASD it is... I guess.2. Managing your base and the interface choices the devs made are just non intuitive, and cumbersome. You need to walk to certain rooms just to access a certain menu i.e. the job board. Why? How is this a good choice from the player's perspective? There are many great examples out there. Why not just copy one?3. The tactical part is weak compared to Jagged Alliance or other turn based games. Run to close distance, shoot, or smash, repeat... No hiding, no sneaking, no crouching, no aiming. Really weak...4. Player and NPC skills are overly simplified.5. Tactical maps are very small.The good:1. The only zombie turn based out there right now. At least I am not aware of another one.2. Graphics are not bad for an indie game.3. I like the way survival is managed. You need to keep scavenging, manage morale, etc. I find this original.Overall... I still can't recommend this at full price. I would say this is a good $15-20 game. Not $29.99! I am sure the bugs will get fixed, but there are major flaws in gameplay."
76561198006675058,Recommended,239840,13296537,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Bad-Aim,"Simple and fun turnbased zombie-whacker with a bit of resource management.Needs alot of polishing but the develepors have been funny, attentive and are whacking bugs like WOOHA! so I figure the annoyances will be gone soon.With these words I leave to find out if they have some new project coming."
76561198059957317,Recommended,239840,12626165,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ZTU 242,This game in it's current state as absorbed many hours of game play from me; can't wait to the finished product!
,Recommended,239840,12417793,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,=S*E= MrVamp,this game is rly epic so far its still in beta but i am loving it you get your own survior shelter and salvage near towns and farms etc for food fuel and meds and of course weopens for your team and to defend your shelter from bandits and looters and zombies weopens are awesome that you can find from looting or from killing bandits i would rate this atm 5/5 as it is in beta
,Recommended,239840,9111468,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Urby,"If you like Jagged Alliance type of turn based combat tactical save summing games. Then this has potential. I'm hoping the devs take this in the right direction. Its a little buggy at the moment, but certainly will keep you hooked for hours at a time."
76561198018467076,Recommended,239840,9232436,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Borg,i REALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLYYYYYYYYYYYY cant wait for it to be finished
76561198053586066,Recommended,239840,9150742,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,jbell0385,"It's a good game and a good idea, no doubt.  But, $25 for the beta release is a little steep.  The game seems to be missing about 60% of it's functionality.  I see the potential and it's exciting if the developers pull it off, but the beta release is just kind of weird and awkward.After about 2 game days, you've basically done everything you can.  There's no xp system and you have very limited options in places you can travel.I would say this game fully finished is worth about $20.  I don't mean that in a bad way, it's definitaly worth the purchase, but when you can buy Skyrim for $30 - this game can't live up to that pay scale."
76561198039188250,Recommended,239840,13335943,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,guye_man1,"Good game, still somewhat rough around the edges. I would like to see the ability to look from unconcious enemies without killing them.Edit: They have vastly improved Dead State and now supports looting from unconcious enemies and a ton more game corrections."
76561198100625619,Recommended,239840,9564669,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,alexsmith1234,best game ever
76561198029927908,Recommended,239840,13238874,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,<-Gr1Ng0->,vry nice game..its like a light version of your own TWD
76561198035691208,Recommended,239840,13264164,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,A_Wisdom_of_Rabid_Wombats,"At the point in time that I am writing this the game is overal a very entertaining game, but at the moment there is a game breaking bug that stops you from having anyone but yourself in the party.The good thing is that the developers have been notified and they said it should be fixed in the next patch.I will most definetly change this to recomend once this bug is fixed.RE:It has been fixed as of today."
76561198067043074,Not Recommended,239840,13708528,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,isaacbobir,far too many game breaking bugs its needs heavy serious patching and i hear its at its 19 patch and its still chrashing black screening which i fix by alt tab and alt tabing back in i wanna love this and i do enjoy it but why  just why is it so broken  with bugs fun when it works terrible when it doesnt
76561198006446300,Not Recommended,239840,14771063,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,W32.Beagle,Nope. Don't do it. Turn and walk away. It isn't finished. Yet another run up the flagpole early access turned released without actually finishing. Walk away.
,Recommended,239840,12506522,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Los Pollos Hermanos,"Lot`s of fun! Nice mechanics, 22 hrs played so far and enjoyed every single second of it!"
,Not Recommended,239840,34055998,Posted: 6 August,all,Kar-Chee,"A game from Brian Mitsoda? The writer of Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines? Holy hell the story must be perfect right? Right?Ehm, where is the story Brian?"
76561198009426430,Recommended,239840,13174311,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ulfric999,"Didnt know where to post for bug reports.... Gillian... a survivor that you unlock by doing a REALLY big dungeon full of mercs is bugged... if you speak to her it locks the client.... which  is further made a problem by the fact that you are forced to talk to her when you wake up 2 days after recruiting her... making the game no longer able to progress without starting over from before i recruited heras for a review... the game is frickin awesome, love it... horribly addictive... been playing off and on sense super early beta... if you like turn based tactical this game is amazing"
76561198007689787,Recommended,239840,11906355,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Semmy,This game has made alot of progress towards this Beta. It is already worth its money and i can only see it becoming better over the future.If you enjoy survival and turn based action. GET IT.
76561198066917850,Recommended,239840,10109197,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Kingboy D,"This game gets better and better with every update. It can be tough and stressful. Requires patience and strategizing. There are a few features that can be annoying but only really add to the strategy, such as the movement squares in confined spaces. Be prepared to have your allies in the right position or lose them. Quicksave will be your best friend.It would be nice if they added another few or even another 7 days to the early access, but it's good to play through here and there to see what's changed with the updates. Will take about 4-5 hours to beat in its current state (doing everything right) but it used to take a bit more as some areas have been consolidated and / or removed. There are now customizable characters and random encounters that can vary the game time depending on how you roll your character. You'll probably wanna play through again just to perfect your interactions with characters to reach that kind of game time.Some of what I've said will only be relevant for now, the next update could change a few more things, but the core of the game is damn solid and I can't wait until it's finished."
76561198042801906,Recommended,239840,10984556,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,kENSHI-ADDICT,"Dead State is amazing, ive been following this game for some time. As Soon as i saw it released i lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥keep up the good work cant wait to get beyond 7 days :)!"
,Recommended,239840,11023499,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Brunlea,"Well I must say I rather enjoy this game so far.  Looking forward to more content in the future and progressing past the first seven days.  I would say it needs a better tutorial though as I struggled for a short while, ending up with me nearly killing team members instead of swopping places or items with them, and figuring out how to get out into the World from school meant I had to watch a video on YouTube.  Anyhow, keep up the good work!"
76561198019025738,Recommended,239840,12997713,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,mysite1972,great game...well done....more content please!!
76561197984389901,Recommended,239840,13230656,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,jon_8ball,love this game.. Oneof the Top 3 Steam games out.
,Recommended,239840,11060244,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,"Caitlyñ ""Where's my dik"" Jenner","One of the games I've been searching for. It has everything I like in a game; Survival, Action, Building/upgrading and ZOMBIES (yes its starting to get old, but hey! They did what I've been waiting for so I love it still!). I highly recommend this game if you like being responsible for controlling lives and holding the fate of a group in your hands."
76561197970339840,Not Recommended,239840,16363938,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,illequine,"Being honest, i didnt give it much time because of the steep learning curve, a shade under 4 hours. There's a good game in there but it's just not anywhere near the surface.  It's nothing like Fallout 1 or 2, XCOM or Suikoden, it drew inspriation from those titles and then went it's own way, which unfortunetly for Dead State was backwards instead of forwards.The concept is good, it just never pulled me in, the way i wanted it to."
76561198028759329,Recommended,239840,13228813,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kang of Timbuktu,Glorious and unique game
76561198061522091,Recommended,239840,12491474,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,JoeShmoe,"In the current version (10/14/14) this game is ok. A few problems I've noticed is that apparently you can miss a 9mm pistol shot at a person right next to you. I can know nothing about guns and still be able to hit somebody that close. Another thing is wiffing at people right next to me with my axe. How do they even have time to dodge that, let alone me needing skill to miss that close. More multipliers should be added depending on distance."
,Recommended,239840,9151489,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Yeah its JJ,"I like the game, but WARNING: click to go! :( but hopefully in beta or so on, they make an option to WASD keys! :)"
,Recommended,239840,9126255,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,mamolian,"Good fun, exploring and looting after the zombie apocalypse."
76561197967630726,Recommended,239840,9130671,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Azenogoth,"Very fine start. Offers what I wish the other zombie genre games had. With some more polish and depth, this game will be easily worth twice what I paid.Highly recommended. These are the kind of games I would readily lend my support to."
76561198025394635,Recommended,239840,12821481,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"PROS:I really recommend this game.In some way, it's remembers me, for some reason, fallout 1 and fallout 2, with specific locations + random locations and events.Also, it has some cool managing features that really puts you in the control of most things.Challenging combats ( not too easy and not too nightmare )Good dev-steam support.CONS:Some crash bugs that i think it will soon be fixed.Some wierd first time startup crashes with old Vdrivers.Could have better sounds and musics."
,Recommended,239840,22857295,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,MisterSheepy,When I first heard about the game I was rather excited. When I started playing I was kind of underwhelmed by the setup and the battle system. The story and characters really did make up for all that though. The battles aren't that hard.
,Not Recommended,239840,14131328,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Scops,"I am not giving this game a Thumbs Down because it is a bad game.  I do so because it is not finished, and because I hope that it will be a better game six months from now.I got my money's worth out of this game.  68 hours for a $30 game is worthwhile to me.  I am simply frustrated because I believe I would have enjoyed the game much more if I had played it after more bugs had been worked out, references to commented-out content had been removed or restored, and the pacing and event timers were changed.This game felt much more like an Early Access title than a final build when I played it.  If, a few months from now, you see new reviews indicating that this game feels like a complete product, then I encourage you to check it out.  In its current state, this is not the best game that Dead State can be."
76561198002922417,Recommended,239840,12989411,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,The Dude,This game has amazing potential and I cant wait for the full release. I highly recommend it to those who wasnt to play a zombie survival RPG.
,Not Recommended,239840,16512520,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,darkzero,"I am a HUGE turn based strategy fan. Games like X-com. Shadowrrun returns and countless others are a daily staple of mine.So I -wanted- to love this game, truly I did...I simply could not.I had horrific frame rate issues. I would say 1 to 5 fps.After doing the normal steps(Fiddling with settings, updating my video card drivers and the like.)I had to throw in the towel; as 5fps is competely unacceptable.This envitably lead to my requesting a refund.I am saddened at having to do so.. as I truly wanted to love the game.If any Devs are reading this I would be happy to email a copy of my DXDIAG."
76561198060870099,Not Recommended,239840,16319807,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Destructo_Brat,I love this game..There is NO other turn based base/Community building post appocolyptic game anywhere that touches it..I'm a Die hard Dungeons and dragons player. So this IS B+B to me.For ALL its positives. I have to drag up a thorn in my side...I recently replayed and ran through and where MOST encounters are exactly as you expect.Considering the crap hit the fan and the dead walk..I found myself avoiding... High pop areas.NOT because i was worried.  More because i wasnt sure i could complete (noisymourge) in a (REALTIME) day.because of tyhe volume of zombies On the actual map location.The game. (Sadly) Spends sometimes an eternity scrolling through the total zombies in the area.I wont go into the fact that my party turns sometimes fall out of sequence and i have to shuffle them to get in an order i can A.Defend. Or B.Attack.An example....... I strayed close to a fence to search a dumpster. 1 Zombie was closer than i thought and being  location attracted. It proceeded to make its way around the map. To me. (Round a fence through a door across a carpark)I Understand the game needs to check zombie locations. And activate the ones IN the encounter..But i got so bored of watching zombie faces scroll past whilst waiting for my turn tonight..I actually Quit.I Truly love this game.. But there must be a way to speed that up.That IS THE ONLY REASON I wont advise anyone to buy it.
76561198089269442,Recommended,239840,12794950,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Star,"This game impresses me more and more each time I play it, with the amount of content and play through that is avaiable. With the final release set for next month if you are thinking about buying it I would definitely get it come release.This game sat on my wishlist for 3 months before I brought it because I was unsure about spending $30 on an early access game. When I finally brought it I did not regret it in the slightest and think it is well worth the $30.There are so many aspects to the game, you have your main character with abilites and stats management and then the array of weapons you can use and the different attacks available for each weapon. then you can have specaility items, armour and your inventory management. This also crosses over into your party, managaing 3 more characters weapons, armour and inventory.Travelling round the map you have a wide range of locations to visit, with different layouts and a wide variety of loot to find.Intially i was not sure if i would like the turn based combat but quickly found this to not be an issue. You not only have to fight zombies, but wild dogs, and enemy npcs each brining there own separate style of combat. You also have travel options on the map running, horse riding and driving a car.Base management is a whole differnt aspect in itself, building upgrades, assigning jobs, managinging moods keep you occupied while you are not out smashing heads!This game combines all my favourite aspects of zombie/survival games and has so far provided me with hours of entertainment and I look forward to a whole lot more. (ps my steam hours do not cover my complete hours on this game)."
76561198029326261,Recommended,239840,13347446,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mr Majestic,"Day 9. Didn't sleep a wink, Elaine was on the stairwell sobbing again setting everyone on edge. Doug's been needling me to take her on a scavenge and leave her gutshot out by the old church. He figures it will draw them out as we slip in the back, given it was an emergency shelter before it was overrun. A lot of provisions in there Doug says, and with Elaine gone, one less mouth to feed means one more meal for me. But I doubt Davis would buy it, that wily cripple likes to remind us of how he took us in. And now the bleeding heart's handing over the last of our antibiotics to some Mexican kid with the bite. I swear to the God that abandoned us, I'd walk down the halls putting a bullet in each of them as they slept if it weren't for the fact that the fence has a hole you could fit a bus through and the noise would bring them in from three counties. Now isn't the time for division. No one survives out here on their own; looters, the dead, or Coyotes, one of them will find you. Make enough noise like the Sheriff did, and maybe it'll be all three.So I hunker down, listen to Elaine bleat and I earn my keep... bushwhacking and scavenging, two or three times more than most. And for what? Another week of waiting to die chewing half rations of Mr Munchie bars and mouldy fruit.I guess it ain't all bad. The new guy that showed up just gave me some chilli sauce and some rechargeable batteries. With all that's wrong in this messed up world, I have to admit, my mood's better already."
76561198109378768,Recommended,239840,16089750,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Fallout Empires,"how i went though the game....   Oh plane crash cool. ohh bat cool. ohh zed cool. ohno i fainted im a little ♥♥♥♥♥. eww people.. ( 4 days later ) "" You dont like how i lead fine..."" * Gunshot* "" anyone else not like me leading? ( 6 days later ) ohno zombie its biting me "" someone help"" ( rest of my group ) "" anyone hear that? no? me neather. The End10/10 would be giant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ everytime"
76561198060389676,Recommended,239840,20196823,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Powerwolf,"I am in abosulte love with this game. It really makes the apocolpse feel just like that- the end of the world. Combat is simple but brutal. Social issues and individual character personalities exist. With so many other factors. Probally my favorite part so far is that there ""is"" right and wrong and there isnt. I watched a camp of looters (Adverage people who just steal and run of zombies) Get torn to peices by a huge mob of undead. The looters had guns and knives and only killed 2 zombies before running away or dying. The need/want to get new surivors, new wepons, food, antibiotics, parts and everyting makes each day feel like a challenge. Im always cringing when i go to sleep and end the day for fear of whats going to happen when i wake up the next morning. Overall if your looking for a game to really challege you and entertain you for hours on end look no further my friend for you have found it."
76561198032268166,Not Recommended,239840,19442454,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,rudecamus,Believe the negative reviews. The interface on this game feels twenty years old. It is an exquisite pain to see a game you really want to play so obscured by lack of execution.
76561198009351603,Recommended,239840,20136011,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,CaptainFaptastico,"Short Version: 3/5.  Turn based version of ""State of Decay"".Long version: This game is good, but not great.  If you haven't played State of Decay, get that instead. If you've played SOD into the floor  (I've played 1000+ hours on it) and want something in the same wheel house, then the turned based combat aspect of this game can be a nice change of pace.  The combat system feels more like old-school AD&D games, like think back to 90's RPG games where you take a group of adventurers out - that's not bad, it's just kind of dated - and where SOD makes you feel on the edge of your seat at high levels, this just kind of annoys you if you start losing (which won't be often if you take out a healer and make your character a melee warrior). Still, I enjoyed it and considering the amount of truely terrible zombie games there are out there, this stands above a lot of the trash on Steam."
,Recommended,239840,16888651,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,TripleThreeTwo,10/10 For your zombie survival fix.
,Recommended,239840,20506397,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Onkle.Ride,"bon jeu de conbat et d aventure, ressemble a trapped dead du style deplacement jostics avec des villes a decouvrir  , deplacement carte ,et des taches a accomplirs dans ta safe zone . n ai plus aller plus loin pour causse , mauvais englais just notion.'dommage .exelent pour un joueur englais. cela serait bien s il aitait remit a jour  avec le langague francais. recommande tres bon"
,Recommended,239840,20615790,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Trey Jay,Killed zombies. Banged a rock star. Would do it again.
,Not Recommended,239840,20754633,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Doc,I am saying this to save you the money the people who made the game stopped caring about it and have left it to rot the game is fun yes but onc eyou have everything complete the game isnt worth 20 dollars at most its 5
,Recommended,239840,31284000,Posted: 21 April,all,Revren Jones,"TLDR decent and unique TBS game with some management elements in it few mild bugs couple of hard crashes but enjoyable. Can't complain if it's on saleThis game does a lot of unique things with it's gameplay choices. Such as vast combat choices , interesting game events based on dialogue decisions and actions, management elements to keep the base running and people from fighting, And a dynamic level up system that isn't based on kills and XP but instead based on achievements and repeatable goals.  This game has some random elements in it but is otherwise a static game map and characterwize. One of the issues I originally had was pacing for the game especially with zombies turns but that seems to be all fixed now. Might be a good game for 2 play throughs and I'd say that might be plenty unless you really wanna see what that build is like."
76561198004825362,Recommended,239840,33358034,Posted: 7 July,all,Omega13,"Fun, underrated RPG with lots of interesting characters. If it hadn't come along during an absolute deluge of zombie games, I think it would have gotten the attention it deserved."
76561198023859189,Recommended,239840,22770782,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,BabbleIncognito,"I like this game.I always like a game where you build your character (RPG), build your community and survival is your driving force.Combat is turn based tactical.Community building is GUI only (via the white board in the cafeteria of the school)There's a lot of depth and many ways to skin the cat.The choices do matter (though you don't necessarily know what choices impact what)Things I didn't like:Not a lot of replay value. Unless you're an obsessive perfectionist, once or twice and you pretty much exhaust all of the choices.Many of the choices are benign in nature, which make it difficult to tell which ones are important enough to impact the story."
76561198093406642,Not Recommended,239840,21359406,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,zerogear5,A lot of good ideas that seem to go bad and a strategy UI that just feels and looks awful. on the positive side there is plenty of content and the character creator really attaches you to your main character.
76561198013808699,Not Recommended,239840,16632881,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jamiea1862,"Not a good zombie game at all, wish I had just trusted my gut and stuck with Project Zomboid for my zombie fix."
76561198091334687,Not Recommended,239840,17841147,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,K-Fed,Game got boring very quickly.
,Not Recommended,239840,16555955,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Knight Turtle,"I really wanted to like this game. I've actually had in since it was in Alpha and just a one week demo. It's gotten considerably more content from then, but not much real polish. I like the idea of this game, but the execution of the design is rather clunky. First off, as people mentioned before, the interface leaves much to be desired. It's quite easy in the heat of combat to try to click on the HUD and accidentally move that character too far away to do anything useful in a single click. You are able to walk over dead bodies, but you're going to have a real hard time finding a spot that doesn't highlight the body to loot rather than the space below it to move on. Rotating the camera is necessary a lot of the time, especially when searching for hot spots where you can loot items, but a lot of the time it's in vain actually because there are usually very few places you can loot things from, although you do need to scour the whole map to find them. The turn-based/real time aspect is kind of weird in cases like where you're trying to break down a locked door. It goes into turn based for a second, makes noise, and the zombies in the area come to your location rather quickly. Like I appreciate trying to jump into combat faster but zombies aren't THAT quick. Another aspect that leaves much to be desired is the real time movement before combat. You can have up to 4 members of your team and they don't run that close together, they run sort of in a staggered formation that when you go into combat mode there's 1 person in the front that can attack and the rest are usually too far to do anything the first turn."
76561198185305197,Recommended,239840,24088869,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tommy Misaki,"this a very intresting game, not the first person,open world,apocalypse,and car driving/repairing game i'm on the hunt for but its decent.P.S. if you a game has those tags let me know please."
76561198132531461,Recommended,239840,21368437,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SpaceWiener,Its fine but needs easy mode
76561198006527867,Not Recommended,239840,21407638,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Stand_and_Bang,"This game woulda been cool 15yrs ago, seems to far behind the tech curve to be considered good now (everything from the gameplay to the ui feel like a 15-20yr old game)Great idea- Bad execution"
76561198091288051,Recommended,239840,23038363,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Thalcynnas,i love this game a lot and would like to see more for it maybe deadstate 2 or a DLC addon to the game already out would be great i like how you can recruite people could save them all or kill them off would be a bit cooler if you could have any base you want like state of decay but make it so that more people you have the better the base will be like 6 people will need like 12 things fix in base and like 16-24 would give like 30+ for more people and bonus's gotta say great game but you could tap so much more into this game that would make it worth paying 60 dollors for :)
,Not Recommended,239840,24401147,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,MuffMart,"I wouldnt get it, yes it has so much potentional, but the ♥♥♥♥ing devs dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥for this game. If they were constantly on it, and updating it. I'd say get it. The games pretty buggy still. Don't waste your money on it."
76561198152737705,Not Recommended,239840,24208248,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,LDHull94,"In theory this is a great idea. In execution, not so much.There are some good things to it. The concept reminds me of The Walking Dead the show on the tele. Maintaing your shelter and going out looking for supplies. Party exploration, and multiple ways to travel whether it be walking, car, or horseback.The gameplay falls flat, the movement point combat does not work here. Maybe I am being cynical becasue there are so many games that ues the MP gameplay I am burnt out of it. When not in combat and exploring it plays like a RTS. Which ok, that part isn't bad.There is no voice acting from what I saw, but there are grunts, cries of pain, and zed screeches. I think the creators just used their voices because it doesn't even sound good. The music as well is ok, I don't know why they feel it is necessary to add the sound track for sale but that is a whatever.That, and I feel the RNG is rigged against you more than XCOM is if you believe that.All in all I can't ask for a refund, so my two cents are as follow:I didn't like it, but that doesn't mean you won't. I say try on a sale, I bought it for low so I don't feel cheated out. I hope there is another one, but this time with more polish and a different gameplay style."
76561198079529887,Recommended,239840,34723330,Posted: 3 September,all,JOEYSPINHAMMER,"I hate single player games but this is the best single player game I have ever played. It is one of my favorite games because there is so much customization and so many different ways you can play this game. You can beat this game once and try to beat it another 10 times and you will still get a different outcome with the amount of survivors, food, morale, and weaponry or armor and that all makes a big difference in the end of the game. I do wish there were more things you could build in your shelter because near the end it starts to get to a point where you just have over 20 people in your shelter doing nothing."
76561198033016003,Not Recommended,239840,13291129,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,funlovingpuppy,"This game has real potential. I really enjoy many parts of it but the bugs and crashes are extremely frusturating. The devs need to address these issues quickly and compensate players for spending $33 on what is an unfinshed game when they marketed it as finished. I see great potential but that is up to the devs if they put in some time and effort to fix a broken game. I would recommend this game with a strong caution, good game, good concept, good potential, but needs work fast to fix the bugs and needs to be expanded through free updates for a while before the devs even think about charging for DLC, as quite frankly I feel rather ripped off at the moment."
76561197982411667,Recommended,239840,9095164,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,grenn {O.A.G},"Not a clone of everyother zombie game out there.  Worth the cash.  Im hopeing for a sandbox version of it, with random generated stuff.  would be more awsome then it is now."
,Not Recommended,239840,13504485,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tyrol,"When they said it was inspired by classics like Fallout and X-Com, I think they were talking about the difficulty. Dead State is a thoroughly enjoyable game of mashing the quicksave button as every door you open seems to either have a beefbus zombie behind it with ten-thousand action points and that never misses or a looter with Navy SEAL marksmanship. Meanwhile, your team consists of the people who put their pants on one leg at a time and couldn't hit the broadside of a barn even if they were leaning against it. Considering combat is 80% of the game, you would think someone would've put more time into balancing it out."
76561198035741015,Recommended,239840,13526505,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,THAC0,"is the game 100% Flawless? Nope the Fog of War system and turn based combat make this old school and you can have frustrations at said game.the two things i would add to ANY new player is the following1) Push Z in game to see all loot nodes2) Right click on other characters when out in the field with your main character selected you can use thouse icons to your advantage such as the backpack icon = infortory grats you can now mangament your characters items around pretty easy.Its differculty is based more on YOUR gameplay style if your someone who quick saves evey single combat turn and then reloads if it gos somewhat dicy? your going to then screem ' Da Game is Ez! ' If you understand how combat works and know the old school system of combat (Take fallout 1 for example) you will have a easyer time at said gameIs the game perfect? NoBut ask yourself thisDragon Age Inquisition is that game perfect? Nope it has people complaining about crashes and bugs and other things,  I have only seen one person on Dead State complain about a crash,  ONE ive seen in the past weekend alone about 24 people complain about a crash (Including myself)Yet that game gets 9/10,  Over-rated if you ask me.but if you think Dragon Age Inquisition is a good game and dont mind Turn based combat / old school style of gameplay with fog of war and such? you will like Dead State.I mean serioiusly my name is THAC0 if you know what that means your a old school gamer then and you will probly like this game as it reminds you of the older games (Like fallout 1 Style before the FPS versions came out and such)i say a 6 or a 7 out of 10,  Annoying to play at times due to fog of war and the RNG and what knock but can allso be fun as heck at times over-allFor anyone reading this I understand that you will probly argue that nothing is wrong with Dragon Age inquisition (Which is false) And think its perfect,  Which is a immature thought to have nothing is perfect common fact.  The point in this arguement is to point these things out that people are STRONGLY ruled by biased option if someone says its dumb it must be dumb,  Type of mentality,  Be nice if people where mature a bit more."
,Not Recommended,239840,13576299,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ebbie Mack,"Wait what?! This game was released as complete?!?!?! Don't get fooled, this game is far from finished. Releasing a game as complete when it is clearly not even close to that should be illegal. DON'T GET HOSED!!! YOURE NOT PAYING FOR WHAT YOU THINK YOU ARE!"
76561198013684678,Not Recommended,239840,13646087,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Coto,"When i first started playing this game I was caught hook line and sinker. I love the 3 genre it combines (zombie survival, classic rpg and non-linear) and thought that this was going to be one of my favorite games. However as you progress through the game you quickly realize how many flaws there are not only in coding, but also game mechanics. As for positives about the game...really nothing. The only reason why I was able to tolerate it for 20 hours is like I said, I am a sucker for the genre but as for the game in and of itself there is nothing that it brings to the table that can't be fulfilled from dozens of other games without all the bugs and hassle.Cons-Player Character has 1 line of backstory...don't get me wrong, I love customization, but backstory for the main character is vital in an RPG. The only succesfull rpg series I can think of with limited backstory is the elder scrolls series, but those games use the prologue to shape the character's development. This game on the other hand has one of the most limited and useless prologues I have ever played.The most repetitive turn based combat I have ever seen. All of the zombies are the same, the human npc have terrible AI with nothing intruiging about their movements, and the biggest baddest npcs in the game are a joke since they have such high armor class, if the player goes into a fight in the same armor its practically just flailing at each other for a few turns doing nothing strategic...sort of like a failed rpg hack and slash comboThe game uses a failed view system called ""fog of war"" which basically means that if you aren't in line of sight of an enemy then you can't see them and they can't see you, but it does not work for this game. In a turn based rpg if you can't find an NPC that you accidently aggroed you might be running around tiles with limited action points just wasting away your life.Horrible shelter morale system- some of the NPC express themselves almost like they are in an emotional polarity shift, they can do stupid things (don't want to give spoiler) even with a large morale rating and everyone being above average moodDroll upgrades- The shelter upgrades barely change the looks of the base at all, aside from this small garden plot on the veranda and a car showing up to put fuel in, everything looks the same from start to finish- some visual recognition of progress would be niceThere is loads more to list like technical glitches, location issues etc but that pretty much sums it up.Rating 3/10Like a lot of other reviewers I would say to wait until it's at least 66% off, since the 30$ price tage is not so steep"
76561197986902042,Recommended,239840,13428950,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Stormo,"Dead State has gone a bit under the radar of most people, and that is a shame, because even though I got wind of it too late to Kickstarter-back it, I bought it the moment it was fully released and I haven't regretted it for one minute, except for the fact that it's eating up virtually all of my free time.Simply put, Dead State is an amazing game. Granted, it's not bug-free (though no real game-breaking bugs so far) and the interface can be a chore (as well as an enigma at times), but once you're used to its quirks, Dead State becomes an incredibly addictive and involving experience.Yes, we're all tired of zombie games, but I will gladly make an exception for Dead State, and I promise, so will you. If I describe it as an interesting cross between Fallout, State of Decay and X-Com: Enemy Unknown, then it should probably be enough to make the hairs of any serious gamer stand on end. And rightly so, because the game pulls off all its aspects perfectly. And it even has a well implemented 'timer' mechanism: you're pressed for time since morale decays and food supplies dwindle daily, but on the other hand, you don't feel like you're being rushed all the time. There's no clock counting down, no constant reminders. You set your own pace, and as long as you don't waste your days doing nothing, you should usually be fine. I scavenged every day, trying to take on at least two locations per run, which is as far as you can stretch your daytime (and your characters' backpacks!), but I am currently sitting on a comfortable stockpile, so there's no need to micromanage and fuss over every single hour of every single day. But you know damn well that you can't sit still either.During your travels, you'll meet other survivors. Some you'll just stumble across, others will even knock on your door of their own accord. While you can turn them away, it's ill-advised to do so. Sure, every survivor you take in means another mouth to feed, but they pay off their food consumption by working for you. You can give them jobs yourself, like putting them in the scavenger party, making them construct shelter upgrades, guard the fence, and all other kinds of work. And as the days go on, the needs of your shelter grow as well, making it critical to recruit every survivor you can find. Every survivor has his or her own backstory, dialogue, demands and specializations, making for a diverse and lifelike feel of the shelter, where you have to assign jobs based on their capabilities.The shelter itself can be upgraded, X-COM: EU style, to provide benefits and make new things possible. You can construct facilities like a workshop, a garage, a rooftop garden and even a chicken coop and a recreation room. All of these upgrades, however, take time and parts, and you'll find yourself strapped for the latter very often, so don't think you'll be able to just build everything from the get-go, it requires careful decision making, especially since unexpected events will also require manpower and parts, so you need to keep some in reserve. This makes for a paced game experience, where you'll constantly have things to strive for, instead of falling into the ""build-everything-then-be-stuck-with-idle-workers-and-no-real-goal""-trap many similar games have perished in.The scavenging party, which is always led by your characters, consists of up to four people, and their exploits will be the bulk of the game experience. You lead your team out there, in the lands around the shelter, and collect everything you can, ranging from food over luxury items, to weapons and shelter upgrade parts. Every scavenging run is a shot in the dark, since you'll never know what, or who, you'll come across, and while the zombies are dangerous enough in their own right, human enemies are so much more so. Sometimes you'll have no choice but to pass by a location because you know you're simply not strong enough (yet) to take its residents on. Which of course makes it all the more satisfying when you then come back to give them a good walloping.If you do decide to do battle, you'll do it in classic isometric turn-based style. This gives you more tactical possibilities than you'd expect, since every weapon has its own range, requirements, and statistics. The battle system is most reminiscent of the 'real' Fallout Games (the Interplay ones), except, sadly, no groin shots. In battle, the first and most important decision to make is whether or not to break out the guns. They're powerful, but come with one massive drawback, and I don't mean ammo consumption (although that certainly counts too). Because guns, as you probably know, are loud. And loud things, as you probably know, bring all sorts of nasty things. But whether or not you'll resort to the powder burners, combat means tactical decision making, and some faith in the random number god. Which is exactly how a turn-based RPG battle should go.There are a few minor flaws. It's not an entirely bug-free experience, but most bugs range from aesthetical (sometimes characters moonwalk), to only mildly frustrating (enemies clipping into each other, characters not following the leader correctly). Some are even kinda beneficial (being able to access the car trunk if you haven't brought the car, for instance). I have not encountered any game-breaking or truly frustrating bug yet. The interface can be a bit irritating at first, but once you get the hang of its quirks and unwieldy design, this becomes nothing but a minor inconvenience.All in all, Dead State offers an interesting, involving, and even downright addictive role-playing experience with base-building elements. Like the Civ games make you go ""just... one... more... turn!"", Dead State will make you go ""just... one... more... day!"". This game, like Divinity: Original Sin and Shadowrun Returns, is proof that Kickstarter can, and does, produce absolute jewels, and in turn, proof that game makers make the best games when they make what they want to make.Final verdict: if you like Role-Playing Games, Turn-Based Strategy and/or base building, you owe it to yourself to get this game. It's easily one of the best games of the year. Buy it, even if it's not on sale."
76561198145074209,Recommended,239840,13371985,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Gunner,"I love this game, and yes i say please do not release it right now so much more can be added to make it compete with the big games of its kind to be released very soon in the next years..... I give it 4 and 1/2 stars out of 5.as  i previously stated the new year is already on us and already other zombie survival games are showing their head and they have alot on this game, except for the fact that this is most likely if not the best turn based game but to make this game compete with the other games that offer well so much more you really need to think how can we make this game even better, cause honestly i have not logged in for a while now cause i am a serious survival zombie nut and i am sorry but yes i prefer some of the recent new games that came out to this title simply cause i think this game could do more."
76561197982837358,Not Recommended,239840,13296283,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Dr. Tanknboomer,"I like what I see, but this game is in no way, shape, or form done. This is, for all intents and purposes, a beta release. Calling  this a 1.0 release is a lie."
76561198003425277,Not Recommended,239840,13302247,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Attila[DK],"Boring.... overly childish... go there... in that order....in this way....stand on one foot....say ""hi""....no no no no"
76561197995448759,Recommended,239840,13332228,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,YesofCourse,"Huge potential, lots and lots stuff to correct. Lets wait for few more patches to play."
,Recommended,239840,9286465,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Dad's Gaming Addiction,"I figured some gameplay video with commentary might be better than a wall of text:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMSs3-6jm7Yhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5qG6SZ8CYUThe actual review will come once the game has been officially released.In the meantime, enjoy!"
,Recommended,239840,13513051,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,DevilMedic,"This is my second review for Dead State.  My first review was written almost immediately after release and was highly negative.I started playing the day of release, but it still had quite a few issues back then. I'm on my ""third"" character, but have yet to actually finish the game. I started anew after the recent patch as pretty much all of the ragequit worthy bugs that I had encountered worked themselves out.That being said, I have played many indie titles on steam. This IS A GOOD BUY. My initial opinion was the opposite, but I can't stand by that anymore. The Devs and Mods are a very close knit group and the communication between them as well as the community is amazing. I would not be surprised one bit if they continue adding content over time, which seems pretty common with indie crews that create a game out of PASSION like they did, and not out of a pricepoint.Lot's of peoples main question regarding a SP only game is the replay value and length of the game, I will give you my thoughts on that first.REPLAYAs it stands right now the game is definitely fun for at least one playthrough, and it is a LONG playthrough. There are lots of places to explore and cool things to see, as well as special weapons to hunt down, achievements, special enemies and special recruitable characters as well.  Now I have not reached the end-game.  I have one character around day 55ish right now, another around 45, and my first character is somewhere between 60-70, I believe.  As far as I can tell neither of them are super close to the end of the game.  A lot of it has to do with your playstyle, as well.  I made it a point to maneuver the entire world map on my last character and have found ALL SORTS of stuff I had no idea about, which will elongate my game.  Think Fallout2,  tt could be a 20 hour game, or a 100+ hour game.  While this is not as in depth as Fallout 2, the same principle stands.  IMO, at 30 bucks, even if this game was 30 hours it would be worth it.  A dollar an hour of entertainment?  Ok, deal.This current character is my third to reach roughly day 50 so far.  Even having replayed those fifty days three times now, it was not a complete grind like I thought it would be.  The key to keeping this game interesting for me was varying my character builds.  First character was firearms.  Second, melee.  My current character is a bow character (STR and PER), and is INSANELY fun to play.  Granted, there are those ""Oh, great, I have to do THIS part again"" feelings, but the majority of those were routed in some bugs from older versions AS WELL as my not fully understanding the game mechanics on previous plays.COMBATCombat is... Well, it is honestly not the best.  It doesn't necessarily detract from your first playthrough, but there are no cover mechanics (xcom) and once you get some decent gear the zombie fights are as tense and nerve wracking as beating up sleeping ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ toddlers with a cricket bat.  But, the devs state several times that zeds are supposed to be easy, and it is the human NPC's that are trouble.AIMuch like the original Fallout and Fallout 2, enemies are NOT scaled to your level.  This means if you wander into the wrong spot too early, you are going to have a REAL bad time.  I always enjoyed games that did this, so while I think it's a great perk, some may think it's poor design.Currently, enemies are static unless agro'd by a noise or by seeing you, though I think I saw a dev or mod say they were working on a patrolling AI?  Once again, does not impact your first playthrough much/at all.WEAPONS/ARMORThere is a decent selection of armor available in the game, which all have their pro's and con's and will make the critical gamer think hard.  ""Do I want to sacrifice an AP for more defense, or would I rather give myself an extra chance to hit?""  Helmets with visors and masks will affect that characters visual range, which I thought was a very nice touch.  Higher grade armors CAN be hard to find, there may come a point when you think the entire selection is leather jackets and tactical vests.  Not true!The weapons are equally varied, and also have the added spice of unique named weapons.  These are the money makers.  Increased crits, THC, damage, custom look and names, and they usually come with a little backstory.  VERY fun once you get some of them!You also have the ability to create minor upgrades for some of your firearms and armor through the use of a player built workshop.STORYLINESome of it is event driven, some of it is time driven.  It moves along at a fair pace, not so fast that you don't have time to explore the map, and not so slow that you get bored (generally, there are a couple times where I thought my game was bugged because nothing was advancing, then the next day... it did.)You also learn more about the survivors you recruit.  Nearly every one will come to at some point asking you to perform X task for Y reason.  Some are time sensitive, others are not.  They usually ALL give you a little glimpse into their backstory, however.This game puts almost more stress on the aspect of MANAGING a post apocalyptic shelter than it does fighting zombies.  You will get crisis events and your ""sub-leaders"" (key NPC's in your shelter) will voice their opinions.  I have yet to see one where an answer you give will make EVERYONE happy.  Some of them require you to put a little thought in and weigh risk vs reward, i.e should I spend these supplies to prevent something that MIGHT NOT happen, just to be safe?  Or should they be put to use on a more immediate issue elsewhere?Additionally, certain NPC's react differently to different conversations.  If you have a raging hard♥♥♥♥♥with a meanstreak that lived a rough life, are you going to coddle them and bend to their whim, or draw a hard line to make them respect your role?There is not a lot of written/spoken backstory for the majority of locations, however I have not come across a single map that didn't leave something to the imagination (assuming someone has one :p ).I would recommend my friends buy this game at full price. The fact that it is on sale would make me buy it for them if they were still on the fence.You can go ahead and look at my previous posts, when I first got here I was HIGHLY critical of the game on release. I have done a complete 180. This group of devs got me, and they got me ♥♥♥♥ing good."
76561198020909122,Not Recommended,239840,13840079,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Vosiler,"Combat is sup-par everything else is ok but you have no combat options apart from move, stand still or either of them + attack"
76561197992999760,Recommended,239840,12806002,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Shrapnel,"Game delivers exactly what it promised: Team-based, 3/4 tactical zombie survival / base management in open world environment. There's a lot to sink your teeth into with this one. Basically you lead this bunch of survivors and every morning you get a quick briefing of things / place to explore before setting them to work and you and your scavenging party set out to find some resources to survive another day.Throughout your travels you'll come across other survivors, some good, some not so much. But its you against the zeds so every live body helps. There's lots to explore and different modes of travel, and the shelter will requires lots of upgrades to turn it into a haven amongst all the chaos around you. There are items you need to collect to improve survivor's morale throughout your travels, in turn they will give you advice and mark locations on your map for you to explore. The overland map presents lots of random encounters during your travels, some good, some bad.The shelter is what it's all about. You are constantly struggling with the other survivors to turn this little elementary school into a bonafide ZA haven. And it has all the ability to do it, with 2 floors and multiple rooms you will have everything you and your survivors will need to survive the nights of Splendid if you plan accordingly.Combat starts off appearing simple but as you get more followers and more weapons you can then start to have very tactical battles, with different status effects and AOE biological weapons to help keep the battle in your favor, making impossible-looking battles into 3-round wipe ups if you're careful. Both ranged and melee are viable (I stick to melee, this is a ZA)The maps run from classic overrun parks and hospitals, to dark scenes of lost hope, to some really...unique scenarios that I wouldnt have expected. Games like these are what makes all the risk of joining an EA worthwhile. Would highly recommend."
76561197976351294,Recommended,239840,9186992,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,†RiH† Duffelbag84,Love the early release content and the gameplay style cant wait for the full release
76561198002885709,Not Recommended,239840,13264616,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Osmos,I actually quite like this game.But cant recommend as it now - too much bugs and CTD for release version.Wait some time for patches and modders.
,Not Recommended,239840,16628289,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,~* BiZZ Keryear *~,"This game could be good or even great, but unfortunately it is overall only meh, and that at most.Small part of  what I have written here:steamcommunity.com/app/239840/discussions/0/35222218616416894/#p42unfortunally I ran out of charters for this review.Read post for full review & summeryI will tell you why this game get these bad results if it could do so much better.Mostly but not only because it is so bug ridden. It is so buggy that the Iron Man mode seem impossible to me.I have plenty of examples:You leave the map ... crash. You open inventory ... crash. You are going into bed ... crash. Opening trunk? ... crash. Not every time, though. But as longer the game is running as higher the chances are. ... And unfortunately it seems as sooner you are in the game the more often it crashes. It crashed the first time I went to bed, and now I am playing on hours without end.And the bad thing is the game save it options to disk not when they are made or applied but when it is shut down ... means I had to set it up 3 times. (2nd time I should have know better but still didn't know that it crashes that often... so I set it up the 3rd time and shut down the game immediately)The walking sound is also bugged. If too many characters are walking or even less (party of 4 is enough) are running not all step sounds are played back. The playback is interrupted by the next causing something that sounds like  small bird shaking off water after a bath ... it happens so often (every 10 seconds or so) it annoys the **** out of me.Crafting is sometimes buggy ... having all requirements but still not be able to craft items.The very limiting sorting of the inventory sometimes breaks (indicated by having more than one category highlighted) leaving you unable to find stuff in later game. Only restarting the game fixes it.Sometimes some inventory parts using up the same slot or are at least displayed in the same, so that one of them isn't reachable. Mostly involving ammo. Moving stuff around, reloading (I think), or restarting (90% sure since I never had it in a fresh started) the game fixes it.Character animations in shelter are sometimes broken, making the NPC look like he is KO or dying (had even a blood puddle one time) only for it to stand up a few seconds later. In that time you can't talk to it. (Error: Not Reachable) Except if you manage to walk close in the right spot.Some text warns you that enemy can hide behind shelves and stuff.... but trees and buildings do the same ... even if not intended to. Means character (/party) can see it but I can't ... because trees are blocking view anyway ... and sometimes roves are not removed when they should ... so you can't look inside even if you avatar can.[irony]But at least sometimes ... as adjustment ... you can see inside buildings through walls.[/irony]Weapon stacking ... that is totally broken ... some weapon stack, some not at all. Some stack somehow but create new stacks without reasons ...Like the .38 Snubnose revolvers I had ... 1 stack with 2, 1 stack with 3, one stack with 10 ... at same time and all in same storage (shelter storage)Got the survival specialist guy after I was almost done with shelter upgrades. He told be that it was good but would recommend the mushroom farm. Which I had build relative early. ... also direct after building it the crap in the room was gone (beds) but came back sometimes later and till now clipping though the mushroom farm equipment.And from the last kind ... not really game breaking but annoying as heck bugs are a lot more. (edit: while writing this text passages were moved stuff around a lot, and don't remember which bug this was related to ... originally I started at game breaking ones and worked down to annoying).E.g. sometimes you can throw a grenade on a spot where an enemy stands ... but if you need it most you can't .. often if  several zombs occupy same square (which should be impossible anyway). Or only one zomb per square is affected from a grenade. More zombs per square also making aiming at them to matter of patience and constant clicking.Fighting is also buggy. When having enemies in fighting range even though you have attacked them already the game sometimes decides to end the fighting mode. End all effects (from fire grenades or buffs or so) letting become enemies aggro and giving them also 2 extra turns ... just to screw you and your tactics over.That and even more bugs ... there are so many that I start to forget some of them.And there are those questionable game play decisions. Some of them feel like remains of a whole more complex system which was scrapped last minute.There are a few of them that annoy me:First of all why is this game in FU*KING imperial? Never learned proper units in school?Then there is e.g. the 200 pound limit of the trunk ... ok that much would make sense for horses ... but for a car? ... where is it from? Some east-European communist country ... build in the 80th ... and held together only by duckt-tape?Also some of those object weights making no sense at all... I bet the developer at some point said: ""Screw it, deadline is rushing in, we are rolling dice"".Map can't be viewed unless you are scavenger team.POI on map can't be marked for further planning.Map filled up already but planned to come back later to one point since it is still full of goodies ... but something more important is to be done before? ... Fat chance .. or more like no chance ... especially if you have to put the game away for some time ... you probably won't remember.No F*CKING sorting for the inventories. (aside from categories, which aren't even working fully, or even available [see trunk]) If the shelter storage fills up looking for something becomes a nightmare.Not sure if bad game play decision or a bug: Some medical equipment isn't showing up in the Medical tab.To name them:All drugs: as ...FlashbackSoothinumAdrenaline ShotStuporaxI might have forgotten someor Medical SatchelThe game does not often communicate clearly ... some decisions are pure guesswork.For dialogs you might argue that in RL you would also not have those hints I am asking for, but I say you would have others like facial expression and the way people talk ... e.g. you can say the same sentence but the way you say it can make your opponent know that it  meant serious, or as joke, or you annoyed as ****.And in RL you would have a lot more interaction and therefore know those ppl a whole lot better.Game also failed to tell me if I need to equip every NPC in my group or if I just can trash the stuff.Also after building the correlated rooms. Do I still the the parts? In meanwhile I also got my hands on spare parts of those ... Do they do something? (e.g. 5 dumbbells)Tasks... duration as well as requirements seem complete arbitrary .. you also can't look what a character could do without interrupting his work. Only way to make this save is at 8:00 AM.Warning that a bonus is not given is showing up when reassigning tasks at 8:00 AM ... when it shouldn't.I understand how the noise system works in this game, but calling it dB is driving me nuts.PLEASE DEVELOPER: If you have not clue at least take a short look into wikipedia. The dB unit has a logarithmic scale. Means 20 dB is not twice but ten times as loud as 10 dB, and 30 dB is hundred times as loud.Doubtful decision to make people run around the whole time ... probably to make it more ""lively"".IF YOU WANT FU*KING TALK TO ONE PERSON ... WHICH IS NOT EVEN POSSIBLE FROM THE GOALS SCREEN .... YOU HAVE TO RUN AROUND FOR HOURS TILL YOU FINALLY FIND THEM.If I could I would knife everyone and put them into the infirmary ... just because then I know where they are."
76561198087879995,Recommended,239840,9731867,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Plasma,Yes i recommend this game very much. the only thing i dont like however is the fact that you can't save. if i am wrong pls tell me how?
76561198058664254,Recommended,239840,9130713,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Jman10trex,A good game the guns must be improved though as of now you can only hit someone from 3-4 tiles away and even that is a gamble the melee is also kinda weird with all the misses on a stationary target right in front of you and it is kinda annoying when you find that the save button was F5 the whole time and there is no randomization at all but im sure all of the thing will be dealt with in future updates it is a very diffcult game aswell i would suggest you buy it if you like games like xcom enemy unknown overall good game with great potential.
,Recommended,239840,9486127,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Vimes_69,I can't wait for the full version to come out it has a lot of potential to be really good...only time will tell :)
76561198004202284,Recommended,239840,9163026,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Bano,"Been stalking this game sense before they had a kickstarter and was excited to be able to play some of it.Though I did run out of things to do in the first seven days, the game lived up to everything I have been waiting for. I did however find a handful of bugs that I'm hoping will be resolved by the time the full game is released.Things to notice before purchase:The full game is listed at $30 when released if you know you want it, now is a better time to purchase.Find the manual before running game. It doesn't appear anywhere noticeable after download and is online for anyone curious about how the game runs. I skimmed it at best due to its long length. But might be an insight for someone unsure on this game.This demo only runs the first 7 days with limited things to do. I wouldn't purchase it unless you are sure you want the full version which is still under development. If you can wait for the full version to come out a demo will be free at that time.Be prepared for bugs. Though annoying they didn't manage to ruin my gameplay but could easily become frustrating.Personally I loved being able to control my own group as I loot the surrounding areas for all they're worth and would easily recommend the game to anyone with a love of zombie survival."
,Recommended,239840,9467915,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,AeonYue,"Graphically Dead State is on par with the general expectation of a top down turn based game. in it's present release state it should be considered a nothing more than a liner prequel story 7days before the main game play that would come with the main release. Mechanically the game is sound, with exception given to the combat system which has a tendency to lock up the game's global mechanics; this commonly occurs when engaging the Zombies or ""those things"" as they are commonly referred to within the story line; as the word zombie seems to be taboo with the developers when they were writing the games story line. The use of the word ""Demo"" within the main menu screen has thus far caused no end of trouble for the developers recently. As this has implied that this present itineration would not be update or replace with a full version upon its release. I would implore the developers clarify in pure and simple terms, what will happen to this release when full version is deployed and to replace the word ""demo"" in the main menu with ""prequel"". until the present bugs are fixed and clarification is given in a formal announcement on stream; I cannot in recommend this game to others. despite its obvious potential to be a really decent game."
76561197966105913,Not Recommended,239840,14106226,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Revixy,"I will not recommend this game at all to anyone, supporting this back in the kickstarter phase was a huge mistake.1.5/10."
76561198044905945,Recommended,239840,10619685,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dreadmists,Started playing the early access and couldn't stop until the end. Truly a big fan or turn based RPG/Strat games since Fallout. This game provides my fix of post apocalyptic survival from the undead with balancing human needs and wants. I can't wait to play with the crafting aspect of the game. The entire Double Bear team is doing an amazing job in the creation of what I would call a best game of 2014.
,Recommended,239840,12382872,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,[EH] Kodiak,"This is a beta 2 review. It's come a long way since the 7 days beta, and is very playable, and almost game breakingly bug free now.It's hard to make every one survive, and you feel genuinely bad when someone snuffs it. It's tough making the decisions that you know will come bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥no matter what happens too."
,Not Recommended,239840,13240882,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,SmittySnark,"Hmm, It's early (almost an hour) and I don't know about it. I only put a thumbs up as steam wouldn't let me just skip the thumbs review. I think others should give a chance.Some thoughts though. Just my experience as a person who enjoys games and as a person who designs games as well. Take them for what they are : opinion.UI - clunky. Should be intuitive, at the beginning of the game it says to go in some directory find some manual that's more in depth. What putting a tab in the game was too much trouble?Reloading a gun - I don't even know how to do this. I thought it would be obvious like drag the correct ammo type on a gun. I have a snubnose .38, it says it takes .38 ammo - I think I should be able to A) right click or whatever and say load ammo B) drag and drop ammo on it C) I don't know, something else.Instead I have no idea. Someone saying ""Well you need to read the manual"" How about a nice cup of shut the hell up. Reallly.I'm not asking for a hand holding - I hate that. I would at least like some idea of how the hell you are supposed to something basic like that.Combat - clunky. It's trying to be xcom but it's not. The presentation of showing a zombie right next to you, and shows you swinging your axe/club/wrench etc and it goes right through and says ""miss"" is just poorly presented.  It's not that I know you can miss, like in real life it's the way its presented. Feels not fun.Controls are semi ok, the 3rd person rotating camera I'm actually ok with.I can't say I recommend or not recommend this game.  I don't think a game should be a case of ""Well you will get used to it"" or ""You need to read about this and that"" or ""Well you are not playing it right"" or whatever lame excuse someone wants to cook up. A game should find the fun. Period.If I'm not having fun , all the comments are pointless. It's like concetrating on the person instead of the underlying issue. Does no one any good.I'm still playing, and I plan another hour or two before I decide if I'm jumping ship. There's your review.12/09/14 I tried playing another 30 minutes. Everything above, yea throw that out the window. This game is really bad."
76561198007555599,Recommended,239840,9155942,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Engine19Ladder,"Love it, can't wait for the full game"
76561198028957706,Recommended,239840,9292505,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Decuervo,Played the demo (alpha) today. It's like Fallout 1 and 2 but with zombies and more of a survival aspect. Love the setting. It's awesome to see my hometown on the map in the game. Hope I get to go there to loot it in the final release. I would recommend checking this out for sure. Remember that it's just a taste of what's to come. Good job devs. Really nailed the small town Texas atmosphere. Can't wait for more.
76561198045652508,Recommended,239840,9131789,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,PeyoteCoyote,"Pretty much what it says it is... a demo. Not a whole lot to be done. Will be interesting to see what the final product looks like. As it stands; quite a few freeze-ups/bugs, and fights are so sloooooooooooooooow. (Could really use some faster animations.) Also lacks a few characteristics of favorite RPG's such as character customization/creation and so forth. I'm also hoping it's more open-world than the demo indicates.Edit 6/11: Lot of bugs have been fixed, but still have problems with random crashes. I suspect they will be fixed too as the game is still updated frequently. Some of the stuff such as character customization has now been addressed and the game is pretty open world. My only complaint at this point is how slow fights go. For example if you are fighting two or three zombies on a map with 25+ zombies that you haven't engaged yet... you still have to wait until the game cycles through ALL of the zombies before taking your next turn. I have literally spent more than an hour in one fight, particularly when using weapons and creating noise, more zombies will spawn to cycle through."
76561197962872064,Recommended,239840,9140909,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,[NL] Pall MaLL [NL],"maybe a bit early for Alpha release,, you never know when the game stops running, cant wait for a stable version"
76561198007537184,Recommended,239840,9158762,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,MikeMuzz,the game looks promising from what ive seen so far but major problem being as soon as ive completed the killing of the first zombie at the hardware store my game freezes. ive tried it 3 times now and each time ive gone a different way and fought a different zombie first but still the game freezes. i understand its early release or demo whatever you want to call it but its pretty devastating considering ive paid £18.99 and i cant play it for more than 10mins! sort it out or money back please.
76561198030276986,Recommended,239840,9161018,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Eddiee,veryyyyyyyy fun i love this
76561197972339154,Recommended,239840,9163032,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,russian,if you enjoy turn based games then this will be a very fun game. I hope that they expand the demo into a very broad and deep game. The animations and content can definitely use some polish but overall i was very impressed for a survival rpg.
,Recommended,239840,9177292,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Godstix,"so do we get the full game considering we paid for it? i've never seen it not work like that but it's a little confusing considering... the game itself is everything i wanted from dead state, its a little hard to figure out (actually almost impossible) but it runs like a dream, the graphics are above expectation and the style is rare but golden. you don't get many decent turn based games these days. i have recomended this game to my friends, but i have also warned them that it is a demo at the moment and i'm not sure if the full release will incur a second charge, even if i personally consider this early view of the game worthwhile. but if you decide that your going to charge me, or anyone else an extra $30 on top of the early access game fee (which it doesn't look like you will but based on comments i have seen so far i have to mention) i at least have to post this message as a warningdownload at your own risk... this may end up another world Z"
76561197998303416,Recommended,239840,9186640,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ARCLIGHT00,"The only problem I have with this game is being charged $25.00 for a demo. Come on guys, are you realy that desperate? Early release means the game is almost done and ready to role. Not a bloody demo. Traditionaly demos are a marketing tool and are generaly free. So fix it or refund my money."
76561198036877043,Recommended,239840,9154975,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,kidlee12,I cant wait until the full game comes out. So far its fun to play. It took me a while to learn how to sleep (maybe because I missed something one of the NPC's said) but overall im enjoying it. Wished the demo allowed you to custom you own characters and skills and allowed just alittle more building options but it is what it is a demo.
76561198031663476,Recommended,239840,9155298,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,donmcg69,"Cool story line... Game play very similar to Jaggard Alliance.This early release however is pre beta! Very buggy, Hard to swap item between characters.It's a shame as I enjoyed playing so much... For now I recomend waiting untill proper game release, $25 for this buggy demo cuts deep into the wallet.Read the Manual at...http://www.deadstate.doublebearproductions.com/demo/manual.pdfWill I recomend it? Yes... when its finished, polished, and playable for more than a day.I'm looking foreward to kicking some Zombie Heads in!"
76561197991873255,Recommended,239840,9137751,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Xenotaris,"Awesome SURVIVAL and TACTICAL zombie game, its very similiar to X-Com and Xenonaughts"
76561198121751117,Recommended,239840,9147872,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,buzzwhite70,it is a great game so far right now (this is my opinion) but the price should be reduced since its a demo and its Early Accsess
,Recommended,239840,9290292,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,deatrider,i like this game
76561198029041190,Recommended,239840,9148845,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Christain Von Idleburg,Spot of bother after battle engagements. Toggle between locks out.Still very excited for the full release!
,Recommended,239840,9160359,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Gaius Dudeximus,It was boring at first but the more time you spend your time playing this game the better. I'm excited on the full version of the game :D
76561198079229568,Recommended,239840,14687976,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Steve226,this is one of the very few games like it in its genre its a turn-based rpg zombie game (never seen a game like it on steam) ill start with the bad(there are very few) it does have conflicts you have to solve they feel a bit tacked on all it does is increase or decrease morale. I have never come into any game breaking bugs and the devs are constantly working on it. it does have two endings (i think)it is truely unique and fun game at at great price
,Recommended,239840,16921115,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Kuman,"First off, i want to respond to someone that clearly hasn't played the game long enough to know the basic combat mechanics, so people won't avoid this game based on a rather misinformed review:""-can't tank them""You can. Maximize vigor, strength, and put on a heavy armor....But that still doesn't mean you should, since dead character will stay dead. Avoid any direct confrontation if possible, whether it's against looters or zombies.""-can't kite them""Every type of enemy has a certain vision range. Just make your party hides in a certain spot and *very* carefully send one party member to kite one or two of the zombies.""-can't evade them""Put more points towards agility. But this is a survival strategy game in the first place, so what you really want to do is to kill off any threats as carefully and quietly as possible.And to add: positioning is *crucial* in any strategy game, so if you somehow messed up and got a party member surrounded by zombies, then you're the only one to blame for that.""-can't sneak past them""Stealth is a totally viable option, and is the preferred way of doing things in this game. Zombies has a rather small(er) visibility cone, so you CAN evade them and quite easily too compared to sneaking past looters.They do have better sense of hearing though, so if you're planning to do a sneak attack do it quickly. Initiate the attack a few squares away from behind the zombie.""-must rely on luck to beat them""Every strategy game that has RNG relies on both skill and luck. I see no problem with this.""-if you don't outnumber them 2 or 3 to 1, it has a high probability of a loss.""Outnumbering them does indeed kills them more effectively, but that doesn't mean you can't send a party member with high Vigor and Strength/Agility plus a high enough melee skill to face off against a zombie one-on-one.I'm not saying the game is perfect. It's buggy at times, writing is... okay, and the graphics and animations are not exactly what you'd call stellar...But the game still offers exploration in a rather big world map, the strategy part is quite solid, you can recruit and manage survivors who also gives you choices and consequences that matters, and the best aspect i personally love the most: homebase management. I just wish they would offer more base other than the school though, and more interations between each survivors.Overall it's at least a 7/10 game, and is totally worth the price tag."
76561197996526676,Not Recommended,239840,22808995,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Jack Marshal,"Dull,Xcom, etc had a lot more to it.This game is a nice idea but when all is said and doneits dull. I had a lot of high hopesfor it but after X number of game hours.Dull is about the only word i have for it. I would have to say it is mainly becauseof the combat engine, lack of ""options"" etc. Some may find the gameentertaining to an extent. If you like the X-com type of fighting, give it a trybut all and all you will find this to be dull. I will keep a close eye on this and seewhat the DEVs add. I hope this game content will improve and continue to develope."
76561197982844462,Recommended,239840,13585258,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,brassi77,About 15 hours in and having a lot of fun with this game.  I have not encountered any bugs.  I recommend this game to people who enjoy games such as x-com or Jagged Alliance.
76561197963975438,Recommended,239840,12028610,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Grampybones,"The game overall is playable. I like the overall concept of the game and its been holding my interest and I have been wanting more. Still a bunch of bugs and not all game features and areas are in or complete. I personally would not call this a Beta, still more alpha to me, but I have been enjoying myself. I would not recommend buying the game if you don't like to help find/fix bugs and have random crashes and currupted save games. Wait a few months or buy it when its released. If you want to support the game and help, make sure you read the known issues list so you understand what to look out for and what are the current limitations of the game.This game has a tons of potential and I like that the developer is very responsive. I will be playing and watching this one closely."
76561198032644797,Recommended,239840,12948728,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ammotech2003,Enjoyable zombie game like the turn based combat and  management of shelter recourses
76561198008463476,Recommended,239840,12963882,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,piddyx,"This is a week buy reccomendation.It is fun running your own little colony in the zombie appocalypse.  Some of the stories and interactions are interesting.Overall though, the game still has quite a few frustrating bugs.   The interactions that the player can have wth the members of their colony are simplistic and one dimentional.The graphics could have had a bit more polish, and a little voice acting could have brought a life to an otherwise bland game."
76561197973064953,Not Recommended,239840,15026210,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Just shoot ME!,game is really really buggy and it lags during specific levels. part of this is due to the game constantly moving the zombies so your more or less waiting on them to move. so if you have a lot and I mean a lot of patience then the game can be fun. Otherwise avoid this game like the plague.
76561198051245201,Not Recommended,239840,20464835,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Squish,"Another zombie game that plays on your expectations and wild fantasies of survival-Booring dialogues-Generic characters-Simplistic combat with nothing tactical about it whatsoever.The only way to win is to bash them one by one before they do that to you-Raw UI. You get used to these types of letdowns but that doesnt make them forgivable!I cant really name any pros,i had absolutely zero fun with it and I wish i could get a refund when i could.Dont make the same mistake of supporting Early Access games that were kicked out of it way too early!!!"
76561198110711020,Recommended,239840,9146836,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,twitch.tv/famtime,"XCom meets Project Zomboid.  Well, both of those games actually have more features but the game has it's moments.  The worlds / places you travel to are limited to maybe 3 or 4 buildings.  When you gather supplies and bring them back, you are very limited with what to do with what you collected, since the computer seems to take all your loot and sort it for you.  I'd even say State of Decay has more ""shelter building"" features than this game.  If the shelter had more options, more building, more hands on things rather than a ""labor"" board, the game would be much funner.  It is very overpriced for what it has to offer.I read from the creators that the game isn't really in alpha, but more of cut short.  If that's the case, there really aren't that many features to keep me interested.   I will continue to play and rate it positive simply because I just enjoy this genre, but there are much better games for the price point.Game play below.  Also tutorials on how to activate missions, use the inventory, heal, reload weapons, and use the UI.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuFtDXWnJZ8"
76561198029286994,Recommended,239840,9138090,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TooMuChC4 [DK],"It brings back the feeling of the first two fallout games, but mixed with the ""zombie apocalypse"" gender.There is a few bugs here and there, and there might be the need of adding several new features and options, but since it's still in beta/early access, there is plenty of things there can be changed.So if you like ""squard command"", ""zombie apocalypse survival, and a mix of real time strategy and turn based. then Dead State might be a good choice to play."
76561198045668753,Recommended,239840,28525114,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MEXICAN BANDITO,GREAT GAME  LOVE PLAYING IT :)
76561197970309850,Not Recommended,239840,13505211,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,billy,I asked the developers to guarantee there wouldnt be a sale in the next few months and i would buy the game at full price now. I couldnt play till xmas and i didnt want a sale before i could play it but i wanted to support the devs. The dev posted there would be no sale as they look after there customers and they dont like companies doing that . Sixteen days later the game is on sale. That is low and morally wrong.
76561198064936633,Not Recommended,239840,16733806,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,wordwaster,played until first mission.no sneak + zombies can see behind them = zero stars.character creation is primitive + men look like ladyboys = zero stars.
76561198021388186,Not Recommended,239840,16569074,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cli'ki,This game is rather boring and the dev team needs more experience in the genre.
76561198000051305,Recommended,239840,17601392,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Anghel,Superb game ! I enjoy it a lot.I gladly recomend it !
76561198275531313,Recommended,239840,20940051,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,MrRedPenguin,Love the game
76561198035634838,Recommended,239840,14922528,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,KaBoom,"Really Great game, like how the shelter can be upgraded, so much choice for melee weapons, could maybe do with more guns or the ability to have mods for guns instead of just one fixed type of upgrade per gun, e.g larger mags for pistols."
76561198136769499,Not Recommended,239840,14318108,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,GlowCloud,"I really need to say a few things about Dead StateDead State is an amazing concept for fans of not only survival games, zombies, but general story-telling and in-game representation of real people reacting to the chaos of a world falling apart.The game starts out strong, with an interesting storyline, detailed interactions, and interesting exploration of the world around you - not only by physically going out there but hearing and reading about how things came to be this way and what's happening because of it.I frankly adored the first few hours of playing - and then this games seams began to showCharacters that only showed up the day before rebelling, no dialogue options to solve certain problems, and an ending that truly made me wonder why I began playing in the first place.What was the point of playing if - no real spoilers - the game simply fades out after a picture of essentailly ""JOB WELL DONE"" flashes on the screen.If you read this review before buying - don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,239840,33303846,Posted: 6 July,all,Papa Bear,"The dialogue isn't that good, the characters aren't compelling, graphics aren't that good, gameplay is slightly confusing, and I find the actual storyline to be bland."
76561198069649047,Recommended,239840,27151742,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tanya Degurechaff,"Great game, nice story10/10 would miss a 98% hitchance again."
76561198019169239,Recommended,239840,22545438,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,walkabout2001,fantastic game..loved it.
76561198069380181,Recommended,239840,22787974,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,greyhawke69,Awesome fun. :)
76561198056488960,Not Recommended,239840,17971061,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Chester,Tedious and gets boring quickly. Really clunky UI. Avoid.
76561198093427770,Recommended,239840,25458250,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,The Necromancer,please fix the crashing
76561197987816557,Not Recommended,239840,18977566,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Berry[LinuxMint],"Bugs up the wazoo, otherwise likeable. I can't recommend to anyone because of the bugs."
76561198042847420,Recommended,239840,21388001,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,CreditToTeam,"good base product, could use some polishing. grammar is my pet peeve ith games."
76561198059152033,Not Recommended,239840,26619816,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,kattsynn,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not buy. The font is impossible to read, and the controls are just as bad."
76561198054518811,Recommended,239840,30805237,Posted: 28 March,all,Minotard,Just purchased because I enjoyed the demo.  I'm looking forward to this game.I hope more developers offer demos.  Thanks for being awesome.
,Recommended,239840,28937707,Posted: 2 January,all,Kissa Ninja,pros+ensimmäisten tuntien aikana vuoropohjainen taistelu on hauskaa+Ok:lta näyttävä+tuntuu oikealta zombi apocalypselta+voit valita oletko täysi mulkku vai et+pystyt löytämään surveja mapistacons-ääniä on liian vähän-pelin edetessä se muuttuu tylsemmäksi-liian pitkä (kyllä sillä on lopetus)-vihollisten AI...´-auto on tosi surkea-♥♥♥♥♥ moottori
76561198035972500,Not Recommended,239840,24143736,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Chicken Bear,"I love TBS games and have been looking for a zombie apocalypse scenario one to get into and wanted to try this one so bad despite the reviews.  Well after this Summer Sale I took the plunge for only $5 and very quickly I can already say:I'm amazed this is considered a complete/finished gameCan't think of a game with as bad of combat as Dead StateIt's not even worth the $5 I paid and will be asking for a refundThe UI is in fact very, very terribleThis is one of the biggest disappointments I've had in gaming.PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS GAME!0/10"
76561198003152401,Not Recommended,239840,11351067,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Iksbawks,"Avoid it. Updated about new version at the bottom.Dont buy it before release, devs are updating it very rarely, they probably stop producing it in some time. Game has been since february 2014 , now its 22 of july and only 3 updates with some minor bug fixes.3 weeks later - no update, seems to me this game is abandoned. Also moderators are locking treads that are asking questions about timeline and that are not 100 % fanboySo we got new version after 2 months and nothing changed. Yes, you got a lot of new locations, but you cant loot them. You got encounters, but enemy are dissapearing and you cant loot them. All major bugs are still in the game.Also developers support fascist civil war in Ukraine, because half of their team are from it.  So dont buy it if you dont want to help nazis.Половина разрабов - бендеровцы. Знал бы об этом раньше никогда бы не купил ваше ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥оподелие."
,Recommended,239840,23051533,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,BRUTZLER,A Mix between Civilization and the Sims.Plus Zombies.10/10
76561198030858681,Recommended,239840,13460276,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,bebonham,"I just wanted to update this saying it's also really excellent if you've ever lived in texas. I lived in austin for about 9 years and it's cool to see the towns around texas represented.Also, is there another way to x-fer items from npcs into storage, or does it always have to go through you... cause this is the biggest drawback in seamless gameplay for me...if you really like the turn based combat in xcom (the new ones) you'll like this. I think the combat is excellent and I never get bored of it.  They also do a great job making you feel like you don't have enough stuff ... at least early in the game. The characters are fun, and I think I got different ones in 2 play throughs, There are still some bugs and some issues with inventory imo, but nothing that's going to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off too bad. If you like turn based comat rpgs this game is way better than most, and really up there with xcom and the new shadowrun. So far I like both those other games a little better, but I am only a little bit into Dead State. It's rocking much harder than I thought it would."
76561198061913716,Not Recommended,239840,28851092,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Brett Changed your name,Combat sucks♥♥♥♥♥when fighting other humans they always shoot guns even though that attracts every zombie in the game towards them therefor the realism is zero in this game
76561198175054754,Not Recommended,239840,14102025,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,austinl80,Should be refunds for games as bad as this!!
76561198108474525,Recommended,239840,13418151,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Quarrel53,"I don't play many games apart from my main favourite which is RPGish, so I think it's time to put in my twopennorth. I started to play Dead State about a week ago, and I found it pretty tough, and also frustrating in several ways. Today was patch day, and it plays so much better. Well it does for me. Now it will run in widescreen on my laptop, so that's nice. And there's an autosave, so that's nice. I am currently playing with as much survival emphasis in my character build as is sensible, I include the mom and daughter in the away team, and one other. Apparently I will be able to have 4 companions now...yes, that's also nice. On our shopping trip today we got a load of meds and fuel, and plenty of food (even a few apples), so we had the next day (gametime ofc) off. I am still laughing at the tooltip for Elaine which says ""Undamaged"". Ha!  I am looking forward to getting a car of some sort, because that will be also nice. So, here I am, now walking softly but carrying a big stick, and not really getting mad at the game anymore. I like it and have now recommended it. it isn't perfect, but it is cheap, and I think it represents very good value.  Happy holidays to you all from England."
76561198025907046,Not Recommended,239840,13627598,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,iyobo123,This is the buggiest game I have ever played. This game had no right being released.It was definitely made by amateurs.
76561198104859170,Not Recommended,239840,9132800,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Bück Dich,way to early for early access cant even save or barly play it
,Recommended,239840,12732341,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,VidaarX,Most People Think Of Zombie Games Like DayZ or WarZ. Well with Dead State you will have a Different Experience with This RTS Overview Game you have to Survive and Gather Resources to Build up and maintain your Shelter. Each Day is a New Event. In My Thoughts it’s an 8.5/10 With New Patch’s and Release Date Set for Early December 2014 it’s a good Single Player Game with Hours of Play Time.  Hey If You want to Know More Here’s a Manual XDhttp://www.deadstate.doublebearproductions.com/demo/manual.pdf
76561198173920498,Not Recommended,239840,25619808,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,xXDR P3PSIXx,Really bad framrates.computer exceeds mininum and reccomended System requirements and even so with all settings down at low it still has the worst frame rate ive played in any games
,Not Recommended,239840,14926838,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Arcane Blades,"I want my money back....game wouldn't let me save forced me to play some ""iron man"" we choose when you save mode....then 4 hours later...crash....I won't play it again."
,Recommended,239840,10896241,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,GhostFaceKilla,"LOVE THIS GAME! one the best easy to use stragey games going, cant wait till the guys get it finished :)"
76561198073028143,Recommended,239840,9147884,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,mex101,"Firstly let me say I'm a KS supporter. I backed this game years ago. I""m pretty satisfied with what I've playe so far (limited as it may be). there are many positives to this game, the story seems like its going to good, the gameplay is compelling. The TB strat aspect is very cool. Hopefully in the final game we will have our base attacked, be able to relocated and be able to farm areas for tools and survivors. I enjoy the fog of war, the difficulty of the game and it seems like many many more things will be available once it launches.Now onto the negative. This is NOT a EA game, this is a DEMO. In EVERY EA game I've played the game will evolve over time, more content will be opened and entire things may change. In this DEMO everything will remain pretty much the same until the game launches. We will get nothing after the first 7 days are done. I understand why they did this, however they lied to us about what we would get. We were promised early access to a beta type game and that we would have the abliity to help mold this game into what it would become. We instead get this.Let me be clear, this is going to be a good game if you enjoy TBS with a dynamic of base and npc interaction. This will be a good game for you if you enjoy zombie survival. But dont be decieved, this game is a DEMO and you can get it for free in a couple of months when it launches. If you don't want to buy a demo just wait in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,239840,23691861,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,The Strategist,"So i havent played this game for in a while and here is why, Because without use the alpha buyers knowing they took the game out of alpha giving a HALF finished product that is so bare bones its so Fu***ng bad. Now im not saying Double bears production is a bad Studio im saying the people Runnning the Studio are bad. I was in LOVE with the idea of this game i went along getting the alpha and then reanimated edition. Now why im i saying this that well it looks finished, But the map isnt finished the story ending was to be ""improved"" they sad 5 FU***ING MONTHS AGO AND STILL NOTHING. I wish when there was a time when gaming studios finished there products like Paradox Interactive but well Double bear production just gives you a half finished game.(this is my angry review). NOW:(My professional review): The makers Double Bear production is a gaming studio not known alot and so couldnt get the attention like EA or Infinty ward. The game was in the Early-Alpha a already nice game but alot of things, Animations, Objects and items needed to be added so many buyers waited and waited. Now and then a bug fixing update nothing special and the BAM Reanimated releases many buyers hyped,because they get it for free because they have the base game already.(including me) Then on the store page it still stood : This Game is in Early Alpha then about 3 months later with no updates only news about dongs on mirrors(yes this was a post from there studio), I look on the store page and the message about Early Alpha was gone. I was confused so i took it upon myself to find everything i can about what happend nothing just nothing only to find 1 week later a tidal wave of discussions why Double bear productions left us with a unfinished game so im annoyed about this.This game isnt finished their are NO updates and the amount of content for money is bad you pay to much for to little i do not recommend this game and just wait it out see if anything als comes out, BUT if you have all the money in the world just SUPPORT THIS AS*HOLS."
76561198167142199,Not Recommended,239840,17498083,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,ajs07012,put in a lot of ours in this game and when i finally started ro get the hang of it a stupid event unknown to me just up and killed me with no warning. waste of time after i tried so hard. no tutorial or warning. i dont think ill waste my time and its a real shame
,Recommended,239840,13998211,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Vontracht,"Hello guys, this game will be amazing once finish."
,Not Recommended,239840,17197604,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,iCe_BloodLu[S]t,"Yes but No... There are many bugs ingame.. i have to restart the game from the beginning because one map crashed(black screen) i wait for hours and still black screen..  and also some map cause fps droping dastically.. if you are jagged alliance fan, this is for you but you got to handle the bugs while in progress.. one thing i like about this game is the turn for us is fast and we dont have to wait long for our turn unlike jagged alliance flashback it took 10 minutes to finish the enemy turns."
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,239840,23755440,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Layla,"im not fussed on this title, i have tried to replay the game  4 times and everytime my characters die, i can play the game but after playing for 2 hours and being killed its a bit of a punch in the gut, game clearly needs updates, balance and tweaking but im yet to see and noticable updates be released."
76561198287925917,Not Recommended,239840,31688895,Posted: 11 May,all,dogisgood,fix the stupid character blocking and the horrible forced turn order. this game is impossible to enjoy!
76561198018723503,Recommended,239840,28488676,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,necrogodomega,It's got what you're looking for story wise and gameplay is pretty good.
,Recommended,239840,23018083,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
76561197969458289,Not Recommended,239840,11964013,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Charok,"This would be a good game if the combat wasn't terrible.  Most of this game is combat, so they should have known to get that part right before anything else.   It stops me from being able to play the other parts of the game that I'm interested in doing.  Bad choice to make it with the Age of Decadence crap.I do NOT recommend this game."
,Recommended,239840,13500961,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Suffocated_Skies,"Makes for a suprisingly attractive and enjoyable zombie game, despite some technical hiccups. The lack of an autosave for this game might ruin it for some people but patience is rewarded."
,Not Recommended,239840,16458424,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,TheDeklein,"for a game that boasted to be fallout but with zombies it really fell short for me. the UI was clunky and not intuitive in the least, and who reads a manuel anymore, just make a tutorial, no reason i have to alt tab out of a game just to figure out how to swap stuff between characters. Thank gaben that they put in a refund policy. Going back to wasteland 2 where they got it right."
76561198020085437,Recommended,239840,9160192,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Nokzen,"I did enjoy the alpha a lot, only been able to play the first 7 days, but it got some nice potential, I have played it a few times now and even tho there are some things that need some love, it got good potential. I recommend this game to any RTS Zombie lover out there :)http://youtu.be/wMboDB7udaA"
76561198047566086,Not Recommended,239840,12849401,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,jyuzyk,"This game has promise. OK combat mechanics (enemies can attack diagonally, you cant), major problems with party pathfinding. Good looting mechanic, variety of weapons. Unfortunately i can't get the game to launch consistently enough to drive into the story, base upgrade system enough to say more. I would expect this from a $10 early accesss with release date 18mo+ away. Very worried i wasted my $30 on an unstable platform that is supposed to reach final in < 1 month. Will update once i have been able to get more playtime."
,Not Recommended,239840,13835892,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Nico_Nico_Ni,Waste of time and money. Wait and hope they will patch this enough to be playable at some point. For now I would recommend not paying for this at all.
,Not Recommended,239840,13338976,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,VG Purist,I usually give 20 hours of gameplay to write out a recommendation but after still being undecided about the affair I decided to give it 20 more hours. Trudging through there were moments that I liked that kept me playing but many more that made me feel like uninstalling this game.In the end this release of a game is not finished and I can't recommend this game. Perhaps later when this game is more polished but not right now.http://youtu.be/qYgVHEQ8mGA
,Not Recommended,239840,28358818,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,I Wish I Was in Dixie,"As much as I want to love this game, I can't give it a passing grade. I love isometric, turn based RPGs... yet Deadstate doesn't scratch the same itch that Fallout 1 & 2 do and I'd reccomend going to those games before going with Deadstate. I did not buy the game, I played it from a friend's library so I'm just sharing my thoughts here.[http://url=store.steampowered.com]http://store.steampowered.com/app/38400/[/url][http://url=store.steampowered.com]http://store.steampowered.com/app/38410/[/url]The overall combat feels lacking with no real special animations or flash to give it that lasting appeal. There are no brutal fatalities like there are in Fallout, hint go play that game.Scaving feels underhwelming as the end result of your work ends up getting autosorted when you get to base and the amount of things you can do with said supplies are limited. Project Zomboid has a more rewarding Scaving system and I'd also say go with that.[http://url=store.steampowered.com]http://store.steampowered.com/app/108600/[/url]It all feels pretty bland and generic. I won't rip on the graphics as I believe in gameplay>graphics. A game that seems like a carbon copy of this, but feels better for the price is a game called Survivalist. Its got worse graphics, but the price is only a dollar or so, trust me its better than it seems... just mute the music when you get in-game.[http://url=store.steampowered.com]http://store.steampowered.com/app/340050/[/url]While it's certainly not the best, its not the worst and could be picked up on sale for >10$ I saw Deadstate a long while back when I was naive to the early access/survival game trend and had foolishly sunk cash into another Zombie early access game  called  The Dead Linger (Which  Surprise! turned out to be a flop, money wasted but lesson learned). After being burned by that I decided to pass up Dead State, which I'm happy I did for its original price. However, I saw how hard the developers worked on this and tried to make it work, but I simply cannot give this game a passing grade for its current price.TL:DR, here are some better options to spend your cash on:FALLOUT 1 & 2[http://url=store.steampowered.com]http://store.steampowered.com/app/38400/[/url][http://url=store.steampowered.com]http://store.steampowered.com/app/38410/[/url]PROJECT ZOMBOID[http://url=store.steampowered.com]http://store.steampowered.com/app/108600/[/url]SURVIVALIST[http://url=store.steampowered.com]http://store.steampowered.com/app/340050/[/url]"
76561198065056255,Not Recommended,239840,13299615,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Caldin228,"This is NOT yet a complete product. It should still be in early access. I experienced a bug that causes a permanent negative status effect on my party members. It makes the game nearly un-playable. When I visited the game's web site seeking a fix I found that others were experiencing the same problem and there was no fix. I also found that their forums were full of celebatory posts about hotfixes for other game-breaking bugs that were fixed post-launch.I chose not to buy this game in early access for a reason. If I'm going to buy a game I want a complete, playable product. I was excited to buy this game at full-release only to receive a product that was more glitchy and unplayable than most early access projects are.Maybe one day this game will live up to its' potential, but as it is now DO NOT BUY. Save your money for complete games, or wait until there are enough patches for this to be playable. These developers need to learn to wait until their game is playble for full release rather than ""mostly playable""."
76561198061289282,Not Recommended,239840,13316643,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ticktack300,The game is mad laggy and I can't even get past the intro without the game just getting stuck on a black screen... I haven't been able to do anything except create a character and read the intro before the game just gets stuck and that has been so laggy that just doing that took me 15+ min just cause I was waiting on my mouse...
76561198038828788,Recommended,239840,13206801,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,chrishoward1984,Love it
76561198018688130,Not Recommended,239840,28628418,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Duriel_za,"Bad Turn Based Combat systemHaving to constanly run around in the base to check on things its annoying.There is no mangement menu where by at a glance you can check everybodie's inventory and other important detailsCombat is just plain kak.Its alsmost like this game was developed to frustrate you.Fallout 2, Wasteland, UFO, Jagged Allaince, Divinity man even the very old RPG games is better than this."
,Not Recommended,239840,25039697,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Aaron552™,"I don't understand why all the positive reviews. Maybe I'm just not getting the game like you guys are.I bought this mainly because it looked fun and seemed like a zombie version of Wasteland 2. It is almost alike, but this game isn't very good to me. Below are a list of pros and cons I can think of.Pros:It's addicting and fun.Cons.-The enemies are too strong. You start a game with weak weapons and whatnot. I understand that. But the fact that it takes 3 people to kill 1 zombie is rediculous! It shouldn't take 3 people and 5 turns to kill 1 zombie. Same with humans. 3v1 + turns. That's just really.. Really dumb.-AI are not smarter. Do not believe the description. If an enemy has a gun, they will keep using it until they have no ammo left. So if you're fighting 1 looter and he has a gun, you have 3 people, he's going to cause 150+ noise in the first few turns. By time he runs out of ammo, it's too late. There are a dozen zombies swarming you and the looter. At that point you might as well quickload and avoid the 1 looter altogether and just exit the area. This game kind of forces you to avoid combat or else you're going to suffer heavy damage against 1 enemy.Like I said, the pro was that it was fun and addicting, but the two cons make it unplayable.. If it takes 5 turns to kill 1 zombie with 3 people even with using side and back attacks, imagine the difficulty of fighting 2 zombies with 3 people. At least 1 person will get infected, one person will get heavily wounded, or worse. The fact that using alternate attacks reduces your hit chance considerably makes it all the less enjoyable too. I already have 55% chances to hit on side attacks.. Let's reduce it to 20% chance.All in all, this game is good. I'd recommend playing it and all, but I just can't get in to it because of these stupid AI and super resiliant enemies. It feels like they get 200 health and I get 100 health. If there was a medium when recommending, I'd choose that. However, considering there is only ""Yes"" and ""No,"" I'd have to say I don't recommend this. This isn't a terrible game - it's very enjoyable, it's just annoying. I'll continue to play it and try new things out and I'll change my review if i can figure out a better gameplan, but as it stands.. This is really hard."
76561198026365449,Not Recommended,239840,13266033,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,clynton1,"It is not Xcom in the zombie apocalypse to be that it would need fleshed out combat mechanics..you cant change facing, there is no overwatch, there is no attack of oportunity, there is no prepared action all there is is a half baked 'stealth' mechanic and bonuses to hit from behind and the sides [ remember no ability to change facing !!]all in all the combat side is checkers rather than chess in terms of tactical depththe path finding is comically badit is an oportunity missed, maybe the Devs were not talented enough to create turn based combat mechanics or they had had their money and couldnt be arsed who knows..EITHER WAY IT IS NOT WORTH THE  £22 PRICE TAG.."
76561198063458461,Not Recommended,239840,13264621,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,rcampbell73,This went gold by mistake. Unplayable after latest patch. Wait until holiday sale to save $15.
,Recommended,239840,13232563,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,fatputtycat,"It is now a good time to buy Dead State! The bugs have been fixed (well, the game breaking ones)and the game is no longer a messy sandwich filled with bugs since launch. Also the other bugs may be fixed very soon!The game has always had amazing potential and still does to this day. Now that the game is released there are much features to enjoy. It may be $29.99 but if you really are unsure of it then please wait until a sale then purchase, I promise that if your a fan of turn-based battles and point and clickers, you will not be dissapointed."
76561198118630250,Recommended,239840,9176284,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,XN | Adam Whitney,"Dead State is a dead state. A virus travelled around the globe and wiped out everyone. Well, nearly everyone. You are trapped in a school with struggling survivors. Theres one thing for sure. Texas, America will NEVER be the same again. Build appliances that raise morale and scavenge for supplies, weapons or medical meds in a world gone wrong. Ladies and gentlemen! This. Is. Dead State.If you want a review of a game you want a review from, buy the game for me, and Ill write a review ASAP.Your pal, Spud."
,Not Recommended,239840,14202921,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Vides Hero,"I read all the reviews and still bought the game even though they were overwhelmingly negetive. I did the same with Wasteland 2 and I enjoy and still play that. SO I figured I'd give it a shot. I wanted to give it a chance because in theory it is everything I want in a game.Bad decision. I never write reviews but my exerience with this game has forced me to.I don't nit-pick on things. I can get over the basic graphics. I can get over minor bugs.I CANNOT GET OVER MY INVENTORY DISAPPEARING.I spent a day playing through this mess. I got over everything because I knew that small amount of fufillment I would receive from heading out to the world and looting untl I had no more room, coming home and sorting through my spoils, would be worth it. Then I came back to the school and all my stuff is gone. I still have my weapons that were on my main character. But nothing else. Thats it. Forget the fact you can't drop items, or the graphics are weak and the battles are boring. If I am fine with cutting this game down to just basic exploration and looting and am fine with it. at least I would like to keep that loot.Screw this game. Don't give it a shot. Don't wait for it to be fixed. Just don't. It's literally the worst experience I have ever had gaming. It burns so much more knowing I dropped 30 into this. Its criminal.INVENTORY DISAPPEARS WHEN YOU COME BACK FROM EXPLORING. ****"
76561197990444442,Not Recommended,239840,17215962,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,olsongc,"Lag.......glitchy glitchy lag......characters look like robots. Ran smoothly for the first few hours, then all of a sudden ""beep boop"". I don't mind the slow travel time of the characters, but when I see them standing in one play flailing their arms and then they telelport elsewhere swining their arms......yea.....not cool bro."
76561198064627308,Recommended,239840,9092079,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Knuckles,So far--so entertained. Immediately immersive and clean. I' really looking forward to what happens next.
,Recommended,239840,13524542,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,boone,"Lovely game, can't get enough of it."
76561198068398360,Not Recommended,239840,12701590,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,meritcoba,"Dead in the water.( An early access review of Dead State(2nd attempt))by Merit Coba.Imagine you are in a restaurant downtown and you are invited by the waiter to come over to the kitchen to help the cook select the ingredients for your dinner, tell him how much you want and describe how to cook it.  You then return to your table. When the waiter arrives with three plates, he puts one plate down and then tosses the contents of the plates on top of the others. What do you get?On the 31st of October a release date was announced for Dead State: the 4th of December.This means that the game must by now, writing early November, be in a state to be sold after some minor tweaking and polishing.Is that the case?Now on the upside this game has many things to commend it.For one is that they made your character's improvement part of a goal system instead of  the usual experience system.Next to that you can kind of improve you other party members by assigning them jobs and at times influence their progress through dialogs.Also commendable is the way they give the game a kind of flow. At the start even a single zombie is a challenge for your group, let alone a group of them, but after a while zombies are no longer a danger but hostile people, those with guns and armor.Another great idea is how the zombies can kill your party members and enemy humans and make them zombies to. One of the craziest encounters is  when your party runs into a shootout between two gangs while zombies attack from all sides.At the core there are good ideas but this game is far from finished and beset with many issues. Here is a random list.The game lacks a general story line, it is either not there or just not finished. There is a kind of conflict brewing between the militia at one hand and the military at the other, but  when I tried to talk to either side I was told to get lost.  There were some small incidents, like the military asking me for supplies and a proclamation from the militia, but  this didn't seem to open up more dialog.Storylines are broken. An example is the one of Fiona Parks, a girl who is devoted to you. At some moment I was approached by Davis, one of the survivors, telling me how sorry he was about what Fiona did. I had no clue what he was talking about and Fiona was fine. This went of every morning until at one point it was announced that Fiona had killed someone. She duly got a trial(in which she supported the side that demanded her death), then a minute later she was reported to have killed again, was put on trial again and banned. Since then the Davis conversation happens every morning. (At least it makes sense now.)Most zombies don't roam but just stand around so you can take them out one at a time, mostly by attacking them from behind.Groups of zombies or people stop being a danger because you can kill them one at a time by bashing on a locked door that is out of their view, which will then draw in your enemies one at a time(and the door will be restored to full points when you reload a saved game, so you can repeat this until all the enemies have been taken care of). That way you can gang up on one of them and thus take down stronger enemies that would normally wipe your party out.(One tip: give Vic a shotgun. And if you can get the combat shotgun he becomes an unstoppable force. In fact after a while you are pretty invulnerable.)Unfinished maps, empty maps, maps that don't work, doors that don't work properly, invisible barriers, barriers that you can walk through(the Coleman side entry).Dogs can only be attacked from the front and the back and sometimes not be shot at.Fifth party members showing up unexpectedly.The chicken and egg issue: to build your chickencoop you need to find a chicken, when you do it gets slaughtered when you take it home because you don't have a chickencoop.Some quests are broken(Aggro asks you to get Alan, but he never shows).There is a quest for swapping food for medicines, but you can't get food from your storage, although you can fish for fish. I did so and took the fish with me to this deal. Then the deal was made, but no exchange happened yet I got a message that the deal went really well.The game doesn't keep a record of the locations that you already visited agains the locations that other survivors tell you about, so you get a message that they marked a  new location on your map, but nothing shows because you already discovered it.When fully upgraded the fence can't be repaired(unless it is completely destroyed I guess).Some upgrades on your shelter are described not to function.Some items have no icons.The storage of your shelter is bugged for sometimes the tabs won't work. This seems to effect mostly the ammunition tab and this might have something to do with creating ammoThe radio you can create to assign jobs doesn't work.Ammo you can create yourself and it only costs you a one time price to give you access to an unlimited supply of them. So in the end you can just bang away as ammo isn't an issue(this might by intendend)On and on goes the list of issues.I was amazed about all these issues for people seem to think well of this game, so I checked the game agains steam several times and even have reinstalled it from scratch. I even tried to see I could download a recent upgrade from the double bear website, but they just point me to steam. Maybe steam is hosting a old game or  perhaps what I describe is the current state of the game.I suspect the latter as I see in the forums many of the issues being mentioned.Maybe the game is remarkably patched by the time it gets released but based on what I experienced above and based on the price I still give it a thumbs down.No doubt someone is going to say that what I say is not true, so what I would suggest is that you just look around on the forums that talk about this game and, if it is available, download a demo.I hope that the game developers finish the game properly.. it certainly has it's merits.I have another review here which shows pictures so you have also visible proof of what I am saying.http://meritcoba.com/2014/11/15/a-game-review-dead-statea-tale-of-errors-a-chicken-a-murderess-and-a-ghost-and-lots-of-zombies-too/Log:22 November: added a header.. corrected some writing mistakes. Removed some sentences."
76561198067062279,Not Recommended,239840,15881984,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Meat Popsicle,"I was about to say its ok to play this but as i read back thru the forums...i dont think i can. yeah many bugs have been fixed....and its harder to play now (i died on first mission) but after seeing how annie and brian treated someone who posted a negative review which was about this game...and then had steam perm-ban the account(he cant even play his games now i feel terrible for that guy/girl) seriously stay away..less you may end up like him/her , im risking my own account just to forewarn you!"
,Not Recommended,239840,17593355,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Starskii,This game is not worth 15 dollars. Please do not buy it for the sake of your hard earned cash. It was the biggest mistake I've made today.
,Not Recommended,239840,20043405,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,nachi,Dead State... of development.Dead...Game...
,Not Recommended,239840,28257975,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,zebasxx,The combat system is very bad. The game has lot of potential but I fount the combat to be very poor developed.
,Not Recommended,239840,23053916,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Dreamer,Another example as to why crowdfunding and early access don't work
,Not Recommended,239840,29825166,Posted: 10 February,all,Sulf,The Game is glitched i tried to find clicky or what ever at the start and my game kept glitching :[
76561198023015374,Not Recommended,239840,29444629,Posted: 23 January,all,RPG club [™۞],"Please read this before you buy the game.This game is bored, I have tried be patient to read every single word during the game but it gottoo little resources to be scavenging, required much materials & skills to build new building.We can switch between our main character with other NPC at other places except at our base, so whatever unique resources (such as coffee bean, chilly source) or weapon that we put on other NPC, it will be unavailable at our store at base therfore we MUST think 200% before decide which NPC to carry stuffs.We have medic trainee at base but she is useless because if you get hurt badly during battle, you will not recover your HP to 100% in next day. So why waste food to feed her? Bear in mind: No medication or bandage or food to recover your HP in this game, not like Dead Age or other RPG survival games.Can't imaging if we select the hardcore level... wahaha..."
76561198039040694,Not Recommended,239840,17091370,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,kreia,stay away mouse floats uncontrollably dev team ignore issues and bugs and would rather fill the steam news with ooh guess what weve upgraded textures on the toilet rolls who cares how bout fixing the silly little things like mouse and keyboard settings maybe or uncontrollable touch pads so nope i wouldnt reccomend this while ive got a hole in my♥♥♥♥♥♥bless the lord for steam refunds
76561198275344512,Not Recommended,239840,31287675,Posted: 21 April,all,TheSilentDemon,It is not fun it looked good  but the combat is not good .
,Not Recommended,239840,9096502,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Deus Sinistro,"So the devs now turn on their user base...And hell even curse at them.http://murderblonde.tumblr.com/post/105832304380/exhaustion""And that one person could do so much harm - one ♥♥♥♥er who thinks we one him an apology for BUGS being in a GAME! And who is willing to try and burn down the reputation of my company because we don’t want to respond to his hijack and his harassment - it’s staggering. What the ****. What possible reason could a $30 purchase warrant that is like “**** these people and their not bending over backwards to publically flog themselves because I asked them to, TIME TO TRY AND RUIN THEIR COMPANY.” Is it that negativity is really that strong?"""
,Not Recommended,239840,19009357,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Viper,This game is so bad even the devs don't wanna play it.
76561198006362345,Not Recommended,239840,19362349,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,cylus80,"This game could have been good, be the devs got lazy and it is not really finished. STAY AWAY FROM DOUBLE BEAR AND THEIR DEVS"
76561198044006471,Recommended,239840,21395585,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,HateSoldier,.
76561198125500737,Not Recommended,239840,33333237,Posted: 6 July,all,beagle196,"This game is not playable even in compatability mode, the mouse pointer runs all over the screen making it extremely difficult to control, wouldn't recommend purchasing in current state. That's a no from me."
76561198044856283,Recommended,239840,17664828,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,"Sage ""Booty Chips"" Green","Imagine if State of Decay was the town ♥♥♥♥♥ and spread its legs for every RTS game around, got pregnant, then couldnt exactly figure out who the father was because it kind of looks like all of them.10/10"
76561198028745316,Recommended,239840,26098319,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,jojobe,Its good.
76561197970986412,Not Recommended,239840,13681008,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Krakow,"5$ would still be too much for this game.  Saying something is inspired by XCom or Fallout does not make it a worthy sucessor.  I wonder if this was a scam to scare up money for a (hopefully better) follow up game, if so, well played DS, well played."
,Not Recommended,239840,29834788,Posted: 10 February,all,FREEMASON,The game was great in ideas and innovation when the dev first presented this game to everyone. As I dwelve into this game I got more settlers more companion with me as I survive this apocolypse but soon I realize that I was only given one option to choose from when the bald creepy crippled man confronted me and wanted me dead because a bunch of good for nothing don't get what they want when I'm the one getting everything for them. I was hoping I would be given an option to kill that crippled ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but no I wasn't and that was how it end.It was a stupid ending if you all get into it.6/10 for story and gameplay but choices and a feel of options gives the game a 3/10
76561197998032385,Not Recommended,239840,9238770,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,alijane1962,"OMG, I cannot believe I paid 25.00 dollars for this demo.........I want my money back............."
,Not Recommended,239840,31107472,Posted: 12 April,all,dreadgnat,I love turn based strategy games... but this one is like a chore.  A lot could have been done better.
76561198007278766,Not Recommended,239840,28575530,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mac,"Bought the game on sale because I thought it would be great. At first the game would not start. Finally, after doing alot of editing and such it worked. Graphics are choppy on high end system, so i turned down the graphics and it got worse. In fact it was completely unplayable. Refund button does not seem affected by this."
76561198054788340,Not Recommended,239840,9199331,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Bad  Company,THE GAMES ALL GOOD EXCEPT TO COMBAT IS TERRABLE YOU SHOULDNT HAVE TO TAKE TURNS ON ATTACKING MAKE IT LIKE DIABLO 2 WHERE YOU JUST HACK AND SLASH
,Recommended,239840,10325225,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Killersharpshot,um 5/10
76561198094022699,Recommended,239840,9111740,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,chad,the game needs alot of work and is a ripp off at 25 dollars. dont buy it!!!
,Not Recommended,239840,13275729,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,RAPID,"Still plays like it is in BETA, many attacks dont hit, Way to easy to die, the combat system needs tons of work feel like this should of been an early access rather than a £22 game."
,Not Recommended,239840,13655817,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,reylums,what the heck happen????? all my save game deleted... 1week of hardwork
76561198071378727,Recommended,239840,16359223,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Ominous One,I really don't have much to say other than this game is AWESOME!!!! BUY IT!!!!
76561198189441734,Not Recommended,239840,20056359,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,JMChatel,"The game preview makes you think this is a great game, but unfortunatly its trash for now, needs alot of work  but for now Refund!!! ROFL"
76561198091925577,Not Recommended,239840,26467165,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Reaper,"Far too much complexity for something so simple. I do not need 4 pages of ""How to walk"". Got a refund so thanks for that Steam!"
76561198133974671,Recommended,239840,14026635,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Thats what you get,":Dso.... i was actually banned from the forums for my super negative review of this game during beta... so... disregard every single other review. mine is the only one that matters.this game... is.... ♥♥♥♥ing... zong. i liked it. it took forever for the devs to make it, and it still has some issues with crashing... but if you want a zed survival game, this is the best youre gonna get. you have to feed your entire base, you have to keep them happy with toilet paper and all that jazz, you have to squash your enemies with you tactical awareness.for the stupid people, you know, the ♥♥♥♥ers who failed highschool and all that sharting nonsense.... this game will suck. your survival in this game is directly linked to your IQ. if you are stupid, youre gonna die. miserably. either your own people will kill you, or youll die in combat. for the rest of the world? merry bloody tradalmes, because this game satisfies everything you so desperately crave that only occurs during the apocalypse.the women will worship you if you survive long enough, the USA military will bow down and swear fealty or be squashed by your might, and all those racist prats will beg for mercy when you take control of the only fuel source.this game has everything youd expect to happen during zed apocalypse: criminal factions, MLK factions, Military factions... fighting for food, guns, and toilet paper(id rather wipe my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with the faces of the dead, but thats just me...). the leveling up system is very goal oriented, dont expect to gain 10xp per kill in this game, this is 100% about keeping everyone alive and well fed.i laugh reading the negative comments: omg davis just shot me because i was negative yada yada yada...you obviously suck at survivng the apocalypse. i have a morale of something like 10k, ive never had a negative day... im just smarter than you though, so dont worry. ur bad, im gerd.ive been with doublebear since the absolute beginning. ive had my ups and downs with this game. i wrote an absolute SCATHING review for this game during beta, ripped them a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,... but they listened to me, and fixed the problems i addressed. their end product isnt quite finished, but its still good. they have about another 6 months to finish this game, imho, but in its current form id say it was quite good."
76561198107073106,Not Recommended,239840,13235852,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ICE Immigration Agent,"I would not pay $5.00 for this game. Though the graphics are decent and the survival element is there the combat system is horrid to say the least. A choke point between a door? Well lets just say during the (Action/combat) sequence people cannot move out of the way of eachother to get around to the other side to join in combat. Small but with always and I mean always a situation as soon as you dwelve into a new compound. At the start of the game I ordered a police office to shoot his weapon at the zombie approx 2 blocks to his left. I know that a person was between him and the zombie but surely as the zombie literally being 5 feet away and the person 1 foot away the office could aim... Headshot... to my party... Well I knew then that I could'nt recommend this. If say the party was fighting a zombie 50 feet away then he should have a chance to inflict accidental friendly fire but 5 feet away? I think not...SO that makes all ranged weapons very useless as the move action and turn based strategy persists. With movement being clunky and not at all fluid how can You properly raid a building? That is a game breaker. When the most basic mechanic is not instilled in a turn base ""stratagy game"" I sincerely can not possibly recommend this game.Josh"
,Recommended,239840,17678581,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,+1
76561198158663075,Not Recommended,239840,13349850,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,anthonymichaelf.af,I want my money back....
,Not Recommended,239840,9098299,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bigfoot Gangbang,"♥♥♥♥ing abyssmal. The devs are literally charging $25 for a demo that barely works.The game crashes constantly, it's literally not optimized whatsoever, and loot is entirely static at this point in development."
76561198219412549,Not Recommended,239840,28962664,Posted: 2 January,all,agentiln1,i cant change my setting or start the game my setting page is messed up
,Not Recommended,239840,15003356,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Born to annoy,"at first i find this game quite interesting, but then this stupid game made my teammates start shooting me out of a sudden after we kill the zombies .... i mean, what the Flying F**k? This is simply ret**ded"
76561198042371381,Not Recommended,239840,10467164,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Melony,"I want everyone to know right here and now that DoubleBear has been exhibiting some very inappropriate business practices, in my opinion. This review is to tell the community of those practices, as well as reviewing the game itself.People, you arebasicallybeing lied to by DoubleBear.Before you write a response to my review, please be sure to read my entire review first. I understand if you only want to skim it, and that's fine, but please try not to make an argument until you DO fully read the whole thing. I'd like to not repeat myself, but I do understand that I will be writing a lot and it's hard to read it all.I want to inform all of you that I will not only be reviewing this game, but also the business practices of the developers, DoubleBear. There is some very inappropriate behavior going on on their end and I want the community to know about it. I'm going to tell everyone about it very calmly, and very fairly, but I'm going to be 100% brutally honest. I want the community to know, because they have a right to, and I will be very appropriate about it so there will be no reason to accuse me of being abusive, rude, or anything of the sort. I want to make that very clear.As a disclaimer: If I edit this review, I willalwaysleave everything I originally wrote in this review. I am the sort of person who will admit their mistakes, (unless it's a typo, I'll fix typos without telling you I did that, I mean come on) and who doesn't like to change what was originally there. I will always tell you whatever I am editing (again, unless it's a typo), so that way the integrity of this, and myself, is never compromised.First of all, I want to say that this is a pretty good game. I don't prefer turn-based games, but for a turn-based game, it's not bad at all. A little bit basic, there doesn't feel like there's much meat to it, and maybe that's just because I'm so used to my games having voice acting in them or something, I'm not sure. It's true that it's only essentially a Beta version of a demo, so of course it's not that developed - and I understand that, that makes sense.But that is all you are currently purchasing. A demo. This is not an Early-Access game. It is the first 7 days of the game, and you will never get any more days until the full game is released.That is one of my main problems with this game. You are,essentially,being lied to by the developers. It used to be they had the word ""demo"" plastered everywhere, all over their game summaries and descriptions and even in the early-access disclaimer thing. Now, you can't find the word ""demo"" anywhere, and on top of that, the limit of them informing you what you are actually purchasing for $25 are only these two sentences:""Dead State is currently in Early Access - purchasing now will eventually unlock the full game for you at final release, and in the meantime you can playtest the first seven days of the game (ongoing feature updates are planned).""and""Dead State: The First Seven Days is an early, WIP preview of the first week of Dead State's gameplay - an opportunity to prepare your strategy for the full game and help us test and polish the full Dead State experience.""To the layman? Who only skims the description because, let's be honest, a good majority of people? Only skim. This looks like it is saying ""For now you get the first 7 days, but maybe as we go along until release, we'll be releasing more days."" -- Becausethat is what Early-Access is, or at the very least is supposed to be -- that is what the majority of gamers on the planet AGREE Early-Access means.People, I want to be very clear:When you purchase this game, right now. When you click that green button, go to your cart, and click the green 'purchase for myself' button, you are spending $25 on a 7-day demo of this game. The most that will happen to that demo is small updates to it, like new items, the battle system itself vaguely changing, and maybe some text changing. You will never, ever, ever get past those first 7 days of gameplay. Not until the full game releases. That is a fact. That is a completely indisputable fact.****I have a lot more to add on here, but I can not fit it all on this review page.Please, please, pleaseclick the link to Gamespot at the bottom of this review and read the whole thing, at the very least do so before commenting on my review.****Now, to my actual gameplay review:The game is alright. I know it seems like I couldn't have played enough for very long, but believe me, I got enough time to play that I know exactly what the game is about and how it works.In all honesty? It's kind of like a Zombie Apocalypse version of Pokemon Mystery Dungeon. There are some tweaks here or there, obviously, but generally speaking it's very similar. If you're not careful, you could end up inadvertently shoving a character in the middle of like 8 zombies at once, and though that's a true danger in most zombie apocalypse worlds, I have a hard time believing my other characters would take about 8 turns before saving him. That was literally the first thing that happened to me when I went into the game. I literally quit and started over again because the game gave me absolutely NO warning that something like that could happen.Now, maybe it's just me, and maybe it's just because it's been areallylong time since I played a turn-based game last, but when I played this game, I got absolutely NO instruction on how to play, whatsoever. And again, maybe it's just because I'm a moron -- I definitely can be, from time to time. But when I first played, I had no idea what was better - was the knife better? Or was the bat better? I had no idea, because I had no idea what the difference (in this game) piercing damage was in comparison to blunt damage. I mean of course most people assume piercing damage DOES more damage, but honestly some basic gamers may not know that, and they're not very clear about it.On top of that, I had absolutely no idea that, when I started, the zombies were all gonna get 2 fighting turns in a row and I was only going to get 1. I also didn't know that even if the screen was clear, they could still appear later, around corners and the like - again, I know that SHOULD be generally common sense, but I've been spoiled by all of the other open-world games out there, and I'm used to a goblin being around a corner before I even get around that corner. I've played so many various games that I NEED to be told the rules in a game like this, I can't just predict them, because I've just played so many other games with so many other rules.Also, for the record, the graphics are pretty bleh. Even for an early version of the game. I mean it's 2014, we expect quite a bit more out of games these days, even top-down turn-based ones.EDIT:THIS IS NOT MY FULL REVIEW.This is only PART of my review. Unfortunately, my full Review cannot fit on this page - so, for the moment, this is all I can give you - I've managed to cut this review down quite a bit, and now you can find the very, very basics in THIS review. However, there is a LOT more that needs to be covered, and it IS covered at the website I have listed at the end of my review.But for now, please read this review with a grain of salt, as it needs some editing and it is not my full review.Please go to the below website to read my full review before commenting below. If you comment below after only reading the very little tidbits I've written above, I will know. You are absolutely welcome to post without reading my full review, but know that I won't be able to take you entirely seriously if you do something like that.EDIT: For now, please read my full review here:http://www.gamespot.com/dead-state/forums/dead-state-review-31359805/?wikiTypeId=5000&wikiId=97268"
76561198165877043,Not Recommended,239840,18565189,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,zelder1011,this game is compleate trash do not bie it
76561198088477302,Recommended,239840,29902398,Posted: 13 February,all,This be ken,Oooooooooooooo[[
,Not Recommended,239840,26327697,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,[1st SSF] Barbu,Disappointed
76561198031408225,Not Recommended,239840,32054474,Posted: 29 May,all,hjcmo,"Just not that good.  The constant morale battle - which is the core of the game, get's annoying.  Fighting mechanics are limited.  Just not that good ..."
,Not Recommended,239840,13060163,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,BuvelleZz,This game should not be 30 USD. The game sound's amazing but the gameplay is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥imo.
76561198210753045,Not Recommended,239840,19984447,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Joey1899,it dont work it just has a black screen so i wouldn't recommend it.
76561198092204669,Not Recommended,239840,15943006,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,CybOrb,Have developers forgot what the point in early access is?Why the hell did you release this  games in the first place?As it was  CLEARLY not finished..If developers dont pull their socks up.This sort of thing will be a thing of the past.people pay good money for a game that you describedin great detail. and yet what you gave us was a complete pile of sh!t.Finish the game before you call it finished and release it.or people will stop backing you guys.. and all the other moronson here that seem to think this early access is a way to get free money..Shape up or never get funding for futire projects as no one will trust a word you say.and wont risk wasting more of our money on your poor excuse for a game.
76561198043954576,Not Recommended,239840,23915501,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,jlatour,meh..
76561197972382849,Not Recommended,239840,12085021,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Borzag,"This is a review of the first 10 seconds of the game.  During character creation, the default sex for characters is female, which is rapidly becoming a pet peeve of mine.  I'm all for progress and the inclusion of women (and any other demographic that so desires) in games, but ""ladies first"" is hardly inclusive or progressive.  Putting men first here, while also unfair, is at least traditional -- like ""ladies and gentlemen.""  Do the devs expect that most players will be female?  Or perhaps that most characters will be?The rest of the game may be really good, but I've stopped supporting developers who are so eager to be seen not to be unfair to women that they never consider that it's possible to be unfair to men.  I'm putting this up for people like me."
76561198037656085,Not Recommended,239840,16424686,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,rwerskine,"I really wanted to like this game. I love turn based strategies, but this game doesn't even come close to the mark for me.The concept is super cool, but the execution is juvenile. I'm sorry, but any game where a chance to hit a slow moving bulky zombie from the rear or flank is less than 100% should be put right in the trash bin."
,Not Recommended,239840,13211352,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,leksg,Game for 1 time.
76561198107800723,Not Recommended,239840,15855495,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Phantom Killer,The game is just as bad when it came out
76561198097140269,Not Recommended,239840,31985423,Posted: 26 May,all,BRAAAAAP Stutututu,"Abandoned game, don't buy."
,Not Recommended,239840,13216334,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,OL3,"Gameplay 2/10I have no words, it's just not good"
76561198022747414,Not Recommended,239840,12629388,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,trueplayer6944,this game has so many problems its not even funny..not to mention the ppl making it are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..i went to out items on the shelf in the shelter and the screen blacks out so i tried saving and then loaded the game and its still blacked out...plz whatever you do dont waist your money on this game just yet.
76561198032051265,Not Recommended,239840,15993368,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Iandia,"Mouse didn't track with cursor, game completely unplayable.  Pass on buggy games"
76561198041310329,Not Recommended,239840,9095048,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,-5D- The Law,"New reviewOk so after playing a little more, I would really like to make another review since I think I WAS REALLY UNFAIR AND UNJUST IN THE LAST ONE. I saw some comments that I didn't appreciated especially from developpers trying to feedback their game.Alright from 0 to 10 my past review was 0. In this review (After update of the game) from 0 to 10 the new ground braking score is -10!!! CONGRATULATIONS!!!Now why -10?! I was a little harsh in the last one but now I will try to sound more ""professional"" if you wanna call it like that.1 Guns don't work! Even if you have ammo and you try to reload them, they still don't work!!2 Bandits get stuck!! They keep switching between weapons and the turn never endsA. This last point it's fantastic since the save/load button does not work, therefore the game does not save!! YOU CANNOT SAVE!!!3 The game save button STILL DOESN'T WORK4 Loading screen freezes in certain areas like the one rappresented as a office bag5 Some doors cannot be broken/unlocked (specially the one in the food store)6 Characters will start to bleed for no reason (in the middle of a fight)7 DID I MENTIONED THAT THE SAVE BUTTON DOES NOT WORK FOR ♥♥♥♥ SAKE!!8 Terribly boring game, with horribly boring gameplay and story!! This should be played before going to SLEEP (if you can't fall asleep of course)9 Like X COM?? No!!! No!!! No!! You will have to remake a new engine to make it a quarter like x com, this is nothing like it! (Please check how many hours I've played X COM on my profile, I know what I am talking about)10 Please developpers stop feedbacking your self!!! It's really patetic, and this game should not even be in alpha, and you make people pay $24!!!!!! RIP OFF!!!RIP OFF GAME!!! DON'T BUY!!!STAY TUNE I GONNA MAKE A YOUTUBE VIDEO TO SHOW WHAT THIS GAME IS LIKE.Past reviewEhhhhhhhhm...yep exactly what I thought, crappy alpha crappy alpha...Don't waste your money it's NOT LIKE XCOM (Trust me I am an X com fan), crappy mechanics, requires you to answer EXTREMELY BORING LINES! (That by the way, regarding on how you choose the game WILL NOT CHANGE) SO NOT ONLY BORING BUT POINTLESS!Not even an hint on how to actually play the game (In the sense how do i friggin repair my shelter?!) No control shorcut map in options.ZOMBIES ARE EXTREMELY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ALONG WITH THE SURVIVERS (THE AI).GAME CANNOT SAVE THE QUICK SAVE BUTTON DOES NOT WORK!!!!EXTREMELY BORING AND STUPID!!!Bugs when you attack the zombies!!Bugs when you open doors!!!IT SEEMS LIKE THE DEVELOPPERS FEEDBACKED THEM SELVES!!! THE REVIEWS ARE TOTAL BULL!!Not worth it for RIGHT NOW!!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!I will update this review if the game gets better later on!!RIGHT NOW IT'S NOT RECCOMANDED!!!New update:....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\... Bad."
76561198005815658,Not Recommended,239840,12294902,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Acek47,just dont
76561198103075863,Not Recommended,239840,32096028,Posted: 31 May,all,Boss Jawbreaka,utter garbage
76561198067549411,Not Recommended,239840,15648052,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Royal Blood,"(80hrs in first play through. great game.) was my first review.However since the ""reanimated"" update i had to edit my first review. the update introdued a ton of bugs that i simply shake my head at.such as placing pills in a full med bag used to swap out the bandages. now it swaps out the whole bag and when you try to drop the pills back in your inventory....crash.....The reanimated update also brought a lot of basic animation bugs. such as when you click to heal someone you end up with 2 surviors on one tile even after healing is done.oh and don't let me forget about the staircase you have to save and reload everytime you go up and down it. which can be quite a few times.basicly it took me 86 hours in the first play through, and i really enjoyed the game. After Reanimated patch i can't stand to play more then 10 minutes at a time."
76561198157478302,Recommended,239840,24421401,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,mr.twilight,"great game, easy to play, but needs and update for random crashes. The game is like fallout 1 with the birdeye veiw that can scroll the whole area with the scavenging and building a base scenario of state of decay. it can be chanlenging as you can quickly get out gunned by the human enemys."
,Recommended,239840,24404974,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Peter,"Although even the Reanimated version of the game is still plagued by scripting errors (story events repeating more than 10 times... Karen!), spelling mistakes, glitchy engine behaviour (enemies being able to spot players and hit them through locked doors) and the lack of the cure ending (even though it's heavily hinted at), I still very much enjoyed DS:R.The writing and dialogue are simply great, the story lines for other survivors are fleshed out well for the most part and the various location for scavenging have a lot of atmosphere, are believable and often tell their own little stories. Moreover, the turn-based style of play in conjunction with the usage of active perks can make combat very satisfying if planned right.The shelter gameplay does leave quite a bit to be desired, however. There's no way to view survivor perks through the task board, for instance, which makes the job of optimising morale gain somewhat tedious. The data cracking mini-game could have been a lot less annoying, too. Although I tended to crack the codes the same day I found the items, which generates a steady flow of skill points - especially if combined with daily gift giving -, I can imagine this process being extremely boring when you've neglected them for a while. On the other hand the shelter map does reflect the progression you make, since it's updated when new facilities have been built.All in all, I would definitely recommend this game, if you don't mind the turn-based isometric style, aren't bothered by micromanaging morale and tasks and can overlook some technical and design flaws. The story and dialogue more than make up for it."
76561198065647822,Recommended,239840,24553085,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,AEtra,"Okay but now for a serious take on what I'm talking about. I love the game. I love the concept. I love the interactivity of the companions and NPC. The problem setting this game aside from a Title like Divinity or Shadow Run. The Combat System. The combat system is buggy and NOT user friendly. XCOM, Shadow Run, Divinity. Their systems make sense and allow the user to seamlessly negotiate through. Shadow Runs and Divinity allow turnbase and realtime crossover.This could all be fixed if you made the Turn base takeover Static. Allow the player to enter Turn base mode without auto ending it, that's all. Select+click I can live with shortcuts. Sometimes it's very important to set-up my characters before the engage happens. I fkin hate it when they randomly move realtime and fk things up. Especially if you don't have an Ambush command. or defend. Please guys. I really want to play the game but this is amatuer stuff."
76561198040238655,Recommended,239840,27042582,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,babragorn,"I love this game, even though it is far from perfect (bugs) but it keeps a traditional turn-based strategy vibe with a lot of other awesome concept!"
,Recommended,239840,27042822,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stangryn,"Fun game concept.  It wouldn't hurt to make the NPCs more interactive though.  Basically you talk to each one once and will never see a new conversation in a player initiated conversation ever again.  But the gameplay is solid in a fallout 1/2 style, with zombies."
76561198049949381,Recommended,239840,26349057,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,lancelot2001ca,"It is a good game, not great but good. Worth its price especially on sale.The big downside for me is the replayability, it is absent, the game is the same over and over again. :(But playing it through once when you have bought it on sale at a very low price was really worth it for me. I strongly recommand it if you can buy it for 10$ or less. At 20$ it is starting to be a bit expensinve for a one-shot deal.The game is long and challenging enough to keep you interested until the end. I have not encountered some dead time in it like so many games of the same genre.I recommand it just if it is around 10$ or less."
76561198191531263,Recommended,239840,26466952,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,domsmom720,Loved it hope they make another one or a dlc
76561197993325690,Recommended,239840,27010960,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rusty,"The best tactical survival game I've played so far, I keep looking for more but this one is just so well done, I've been following it since Kickstarter quite a while back and it turned into what I hoped it would."
76561198031397287,Recommended,239840,26868246,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,haijikai2,"There is always been a love for the classic style that indeed is the original X-Com.  Developing a squad, a team, and gradually through smart play and fighting exploring different areas and using the terrain both for and against.Dead State finds a way to combine the style of that classic game into another popular genre, the zombie apocolypse.  And it really is a brilliant game!  Not only do you have to deal with the different Survivors you can rescue, but you have to deal with their demands and your own.  Plus there's a lot of wonderful ""self character' development, in that you can choose so many little details for your own character.And there's a wealth of ""background material"" inside the game itself that can draw you into ths world and it's history.  And the choices you make throughout the game are remembered, both the good, and the bad.  You set the course.Classic turn style with squad based tactics, just remember the living can be more dangerous."
76561198012374961,Recommended,239840,18914060,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Agent Orange,"Very good turn-based tactical game. Good story and it gives the player a good amount of freedom in choices. I forbid an abortion of one of the survivors, she hates me now but will thank me later when her kid is older (hopefully)...The game has a higher difficulty than usual, you cannot pick every fight at the first days and have to eventually run away when you find yourself in a gunfight while only wielding kitchen knifes and axes... So its not meant for the masses because you might actually have casualties in battles and due to bad choices you made. During the later stages, difficulty drops as you get a hang of the game and much better weapons.Definitely worth buying.Edit: Boy, have I been wrong about that abortion... the game has some interesting plot twists for sure..."
,Recommended,239840,24417076,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Liam,"Survival/rpg with the gameplay to spark your interest and keep you entertained. Sure the game is not perfect, but I for one will keep a close eye on the developers  ~DoubleBear~ you guys Rock!"
76561198070954168,Not Recommended,239840,16566362,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Biodeamon,"An otherwise great game is slightly dampered by the horrible framerate and an unfair morale system. The developers have also just took the money to bank and abonded the game completely.The morale system is unfairly harsh and there is no way to bring up it back up positive, but the game still punishes you for it anyways. In fact it gives you gameover if you let it run too low. Who in the nine hells puts a time limit on a sandbox game?Everytime a charecter moves anywhere, especially when moving in groups, the games stutters to a crawl. Fortunately and for some odd reason it only does this outside of combat, so you don't have to worry about things feeling less tense. If you're a patient man however, and don't mind a slideshow of people moving then I would reccomend this. I would especially recommend this if you're a fan of tense tactical combat like valkyria chronicles or Xcom, as well as base management sims.The developers cashed out and ran with this one."
76561197988004055,Not Recommended,239840,15010970,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Cutter,"Promising, but way too many bugs and overall an incomplete game.For that steep price I would recommened not to buy it, maybe for a couple of bucks it's OKAY.Feeling kind of ripped off and this just highlights the game in a whole.I would recommened ""Survivalist"" instead, cheap and much more enjoyable with great devs.DO NOT SUPPORT DEVS WHO SELL THEIR GAME AS A FINISHED PRODUCT EVENTHOUGH IT'S FAR FROM IT."
,Not Recommended,239840,14245048,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,human bean,"*** UPDATED REVIEW  05/28/2016 ***I really, really liked this game when it came out as it was exactly what I was looking for; a survival turn-based strategy game with an actual backstory, base management and character development. I bought the game while it was still early access and getting frequent updates, all was good.Then fast forward to now... and the development of the game seems to have just been abandoned altogether. There have been no updates, no bug fixes, no indication towards completion and there has been no word from the devs to the community.It's just an actual shame and I'm deeply disappointed because this is a game that I genuinely enjoyed playing.I cannot recommend this game due to the fact that it is simply unfinished and the price for the game isn't worth it for something that has been long abandoned."
76561197976482497,Recommended,239840,28225810,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sharif,"Had fun with the game, that is all that really matters right?There was some things that could be improved but had a good time and liked some of the ideas."
76561198079756700,Recommended,239840,27842582,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kitteh88,"I enjoy the exploring, scavanging, battles and management aspects.What could be better:More variety. It's always the same things. The same things are in the same places and the same things happen on the same days, the same people etc. Would be nice to have other options.Sometimes actions have consequences that make little to no sense."
76561198197302835,Recommended,239840,33254536,Posted: 4 July,all,fitey384,"The details in the areas are outstanding and the game itself is enthralling and entertaining. I greatly enjoy the game and, while I do believe it may have a niche audience in that not everyone likes tactical rpgs or zombie games or maintaining resources and such, it is a phenomenal entry for anyone who likes anything similar to it. I was hesitant to purchase it and waited for the steam summer sale to buy it and I have to say it would be worth the full price.If I have to scrounge for negatives, it might be the cliche storyline (particularly from apocolypse games) but that hardly matters for the type of game unless you're the type of person who really wants an intriguing storyline. That is not to say that the game itself is not intriguing. Every map seems to have a story of its own with spray paint on walls, bloody scenes, etc. Every map has something of interest. One map I explored was a surprisingly immaculate house in the woods with no zombies but attack dogs and a dead man out back. After picking the lock of his shack out back, I discovered a torture room and found my favorite blade in the chest there alongside several other weapons. Additionally, just behind the shack was a shovel and fresh graves hinting at a terrible history even before the apocalypse. It is small things like that that make you feel invested in this world and the game itself.Only one more potential negative is the lack of relationships within the game. Sure, you can inspire people and even get them on your side but there is no friendships or exploring a person's identity further than a few conversations and perhaps a request or two. If the people suddenly become unhappy, from lack of food or whatever, they will leave or try to take over despite all the things you go through together. This minor complaint could simply be from my love of deep characters. It would not have to be a romantic relationship or anything, just something to make me feel more invested in the survival of the individuals within the game. Despite this, I did feel more involved with these characters than I did with characters from other games, even AAA games. Again, I'm probably just being picky because what is in the game is amazing regardless of my wishes."
,Recommended,239840,33444748,Posted: 10 July,all,kinghavoc,"All the adventure and excitement of the great turn based console era rpg's with well thought out character interaction and a level of forthought fit for any strategy gamer, this game will pull you into the world and have you strive to lead your group through the apocolyptic days in rural Texas. Be Forewarned read the manual to get the control and interface, and read/watch others commentary on the elements of gameplay to expect.Once your ready jump in and keep at it, it will take several hours, days, likely weeks of play sessions. I have approached the midgame point a couple of times and restarted seeing opportunities to try things new ways.The base management is simple enough, the dialog tree is deceptively simple looking but after you see small changes showing up you realize how uniquely well crafted it is. There are some scripted events along the way but there are many interaction that flavor or outright change others later on. This character/Ally-NPC interaction dynamic is what gives this game replayability. You will ask yourself what if I have this person try this job, say this instead of say that, or build something sooner rather than later. Even though much of the experience is predictable the possibilities are very distinct and impact your game. Overall this game shines for me as it was truely well crafted. Of course there are downsides, for one the intro tutorial is too dry and not good at showing you certain things you need to know, adding some pictures to the pop up hints would go a long way for this, further and in game encyclopedia akin to what Civilization has would be just as good if not better. This game feels like playing X-Com with survival/zombies replacing the fighting of aliens.I got this game on sale but it was easliy worth more than many others I tried on that same sale. Knowing what I know now  I would save money and just buy this and dump a few other titles that I may have less flattering things to say about."
76561198195322633,Recommended,239840,33406372,Posted: 9 July,all,Ghost of Arkham,"Been over a year since I played and finished this but just finished wasteland 2 dc which reminded me of this so thought I would write a review.This was actually one of the best games I have ever played and one of my favourites. Not as polished as some games like wasteland 2 dc but I actually enjoyed this more. The story, although humourous in parts was not silly and actually had a point and purpose to it. I loved fortifying and expanding the school/base and seeking out new people to save (careful some are not of the best character and cannot be trusted).You truly get involved and immersed with what is going on and with the characters who are mostly fairly interesting and have back stories and idiosyncrasies.Does go down hill in the second half to last third of the game which loses momentum and feels a bit drawn out but ends quite well and is overall an absolutely superb game.For anyone who likes zombies, indie games, games with atmosphere, TBS or all of these things it is a must play and highly recommended."
76561197971196164,Recommended,239840,30224787,Posted: 27 February,all,Gaylord-Focker,"Wow just changed my review, i had it on negative cause honestly, its kinda very tricky to learn to play this game, but once you take the time and see some videos on how to play it... wow. honestly very nice. i would compare it kinda like wasteland 2, just looks like a Loooooooooooooooot Bigger. i havent even been on the 5% of the map. one of my top 5 picks."
76561198009779678,Not Recommended,239840,14813667,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,KatArus,"I followed this game through it's development and I'm more disappointed in people who created it than in the game itself. A good writer is just that - a good writer. Albeit even being merely good is not enough to create a complex branching CRPG script. On top of that  you also need a good artist, a few competent programmers and a talented game designer to pull everything together. This game have had none of the above, except a good writer. I doubt it could have passed as 'OK' even in late 90s-early 2000s.After my 4th attempt ended in a similar 'I don't want to go through this anymore' fashion I uninstalled the game and decided to recap my experience with it, perhaps this will save someone couple o' dozen hours of their life.To boot, the only character you can build from scratch is your protagonist and you can influence a handful of others, some for a bit, others a lot. The key word is 'influence'. All NPC characters have predetermined skill and stat progression preset and, once recruited, they will slowly levelup on a daily basis regardless of their state or occupation. E.G. on day 2 NPC will gain +1 medicine skill regardless if he spent all that day murdering zombified and hauling loot, unclogging crappers, being treated in the infirmary or not doing anything at all. WTF? I expected having a mishmash of different people and then shape them accordingly to their tendencies, personality and community's needs over the months that pass ingame. At this early point my immersion crashed so hard that it never recovered.Every other system in the game works exactly the same.1. The county is littered with parked cars whose owners didn't make it to them, you can drain their fuel, loot their luggage, but you have to repair a broken car at your base to be able to drive one.2. I had to make a screenshot of the ingame map and use Paint to write notes on it to track places i've been to and looting progress, so yeah, no tooltips, no tracking, no useful dynamic in-game info so consult PDF manual before every fart if you don't want to shoot yourself in the foot.3. You receive harsh morale and stat penalties if you don't make it back from your looting trip before nightfall because... well... because. Albeit threre is no ingame way to know how long it will take to get anywhere. You just go to the world map, walk in a straight line until your ingame clock shows that you're at a point of no return (count what time of the day it is yourself) and cut out a piece of paper of this length and use it as a ruler on my monitor. Feeling ridiculous yet? There's more4. You didn't make in back in time. Boo-hoo. You are now fatigued for the whole day instead of being able to sleep a couple more hours. Day starts at 8 a.m. Get your♥♥♥♥♥out of the bed. NAOW. Okay, someone else can lead looting squad out, that nosy sheriff, for example, he's basically my lieutenant-in-command now, right? RIGHT? Nope. Uhm... why am I playing this, again?I could keep going like this for hours, since there are no actual pros to counteract all theese shortcomings. I was hungry for a game like this, I eagerly waited and then convulsively barfed every time I tried to take a bite.TL,DR Overall game design is plain HORRENDOUS, from combat to character progression. It's basically a linear zombie apocalypse novel that came to be as a game because of studio founder's 'making a good oldschool RPG can't be that hard' attitude. Has zero saving graces as a game. Wasted money."
76561198005986038,Recommended,239840,25822052,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,CommandDork,It's a good turn-based strategy game for the genre. Scarcity of spplies will keep things interesting but your fellow survivor friends can get annoying and needy - just like in real life. It's a good attempt from what I assume to be a small development house. Hope the engine is put to good use in another title someday soon.
76561198042430017,Recommended,239840,34537854,Posted: 27 August,all,stefantempel,"I absolutely love the game. Great combination of turn based combat, base building and zombies. The game did have a rough  start with several flaws but I still did enjoy every minute of playing. Would have loved to upgrade the base even further. Not available for Mac. Looking forward to a next generation of this one.....hopefully"
