user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,240440,24563350,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,gnolam,"This game had the potential to be great, but never realizes that potential.I kept wondering when I would leave the tutorial and get to the actual game - and 4 hours later it was over.Quadrilateral Cowboy's biggest problem is that it refuses to combine its different puzzle types into a sum greater than its parts, choosing instead to keep them frustratingly discrete. Each map introduces a new puzzle type, usually along with a new item, which is then used as the main puzzle on that map. Then you'll move on to a new puzzle type - usually with enough hand-holding that you never really need to think about the solution. Solve a puzzle once and you've solved it forever: the puzzles don't evolve, they don't get any more difficult, they never get revisited with a different toolset. My greatest difficulty in the game was in fact figuring out where I was supposed to go next and not how to solve each puzzle.(That and the bugs, which forced me to quit and restart the game again and again as game objects glitched out and became impossible to interact with.)The really frustrating thing about this is that, as I said at the beginning, it had the potential to begreat. Each individual puzzle element is clever, creative, and hints at the ingenious puzzles it could be used for - but never is.Stylistically speaking, it is also one of the most confused games I have ever seen: ""Let's do an early '80s setting! No, let's do a William Gibson-style cyberpunk setting! No, let's do steampunk!"". It has the feel of someone in the 30th century being asked to portray hacker life in the late 20th century without any research - and not in a charming way. The same goes for the graphics, which mix extreme minimalism with fancier effects in a way that feels less like a deliberate design choice than a way to save money on artists.A 4-hour game for 20 bucks is always hard to recommend. For a disappointing 4 hours, it's impossible. For now, save your money."
,Recommended,240440,24522557,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Jorsh,"A fun hacking/stealth game, a little Deus Ex, a little Hacker Uplink, a little Monaco.  Extremely stylish, with a great sense of accomplishment when you unlock a level's twist.You play a hacker/theif, given missions, each of which will have one more more objectives, you load these up in VR deck and practice running them in the shortest time possible.  The missions themselves will have various puzzles to solve, many of which involve basic puzzles which you solve by telneting from your laptop to objects in the environment.The commands are very simple, but its the way you chain them together and time them with what is happening in the environment that gives the game its challenge.I cannot speak for long term challenge or game length, as I only have about an hour played, but it is very engaging and immersive and I can't wait to keep playing."
,Recommended,240440,24521852,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Pumpkin,"Brendon Chung is the Quentin Tarantino of videogames.Brendon has impeccable taste and you can tell he devours all kinds of cinema, literature, and games looking for that special ""something"" in all of them. Whether it's the sound of breathing during a spacewalk from Kubrick's ""2001: A Space Odyssey"", an interactable flushing toilet from ""Duke Nukem"", or just the term ""cowboy"" from William Gibson's ""Neuromancer.""This game takes these special ""somethings"" and combines them with Brendon's own world-building and story-telling to create something that is unique, refreshing, and exciting."
,Not Recommended,240440,24655836,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Hattori,"This one is a doozy. How do you talk about a game you had a ton of fun playing, but feltcompletely underwhelmed by it?I guess the best way to start is with the stuff that it does well, and it indeed does it incredibly well.So whats the game about? You are part of a 3 man(woman)  crew who takes jobs and contracts of the illegal sort. You are a thief so to speak. A highly efficient thief. Not the kind that hides in the shadows and kills stealthly or parkours around the rooftops, but the kind that hacks security defenses, opens tightly locked doors, and deactivates lasers. Yes, you are a hacker.But where the games excels in this department over other similar premises, like Watchdogs, is in the way that it makes you feel like a hacker.Your biggest asset in this game is the laptop you carry with you and the way the gameplay around it works.You see, you have to manually place the laptop on surfaces and type in the command lines yourself, for example, opening a door will require you to type in door2.open(x), x being the number of seconds it will be open.This might sound tedious and annoying, but I assure it goes a long way to make you feel like a pro doing heists in the fastest time possible. Typing a long line of commands, and seeing the world unfold the way you want it to and reaching your goal perfectly is a great feeling.You then will get new gadgets with each subsequent new heist, stuff like a remote bot you have to connect to a small crtv  and type in the inputs you want it to do, or a turret that you have to pitch and move on your laptop.These are all fun gadgets that give promises and foretellings of how complicated the heists will turn out in the future, with the simple idea of having to manage them all at once being a sign of things to come.And this is where my biggest problem lies with this game. It never comes. Those hard puzzles where you have to take everything you learned so far to task and being able to manage every single gadget so you can get the objective and flee undetected do not exist in this game.Every heist gives you a new idea and mechanic, only for it to be abandoned in the next heist. There is even one point where the game gives you a heist where you need to control all 3 characters simultaniously to achieve the objective, which is great, only to abandon that idea the next heist, by giving every single ability to one character.The only heist where I can say your skills and understanding of the game are truly tested is the phenomenal last level, where you will constantly realize your mistakes and have to restart the level once again to do it just right, and it feels amazing. And then the game ends.My comprehension of how game development works isnt the best, and I understand that this is a one man project. But I expected more from this title, knowing how long it took to be made.There is a Mod section in the menu of the game, and while it makes perfect sense for it to exist, since this seems the kind of puzzle game that put in the hands of talented players could create amazing and incredibly complex levels, looking back at it now that I have finished the game, it just screams ""Lazy"" to me. You need to earn those talented players first, before you ask them to make levels for you.Its odd, because I absolutely love Portal, a game whose puzzles are very easy and the whole game feels like a tutorial, same as this one. Maybe its because Portal carries itself with its pacing and sense of world, and the amazing character of Glados.Which isnt to say that Quadrilateral Cowboy fails in this department. It has such style and aestethic, the kind I absolutely love, and it conveys so much about its characters with just a few short scenes and moments.But unfortunately, it wasnt enough for me. The price it asks is too much, buy this on sale.It feels like the game is struggling between being a narrative experience and a substancial videogame, and while the former is very good, the latter is definitely missing.If you value style over substance, then you might enjoy this very short and sweet experience, because the time I spent with it was very enjoyable. But if like me, you expect a slow increase in difficulty and the game demanding more of a player's skills as it goes along, you will not find it here.Its almost as if the dev of the game is simply giving you the tools to create a better game, and giving you a tutorial for things to come. If those things do come, I will gladly come back and enter this world once again. But if not, what we have for now feels unfinished.Im having Superhot flashbacks all over again. That was a game that also had a great premise, ended very fast, and had an absurd price tag. But at least Superhot had an Endless Mode where you could spend hours in if it was your kind of stuff.Sadly you wont find that kind of extra content here, unless you get into beating the levels again as fast as possible. Thing is, the levels are so easy, there really isnt much space to improve on your score..."
,Recommended,240440,32826721,Posted: 26 June,all,Vyross,"Quadrilateral Cowboy is a great game. It comes into your life, it says what it wants to say, and then it's done. If Ubisoft collectathons bother you with their repetition and filler content, this does not have that problem. It does not outstay it's welcome.Some people have said it's too short, and I can see that, but I can also appreciate a game that doesn't try to waste my time. Each puzzle in this game feels new and interesting, building from stuff you've done before but keeping it fresh. Not much of a story, in the typical sense, but great environmental storytelling and worldbuilding.I wouldn't describe it as a funny game, exactly, but it definitely doesn't take itself too seriously. Lighthearted, maybe.This game is engrossing, and if I was bitter when it ended too soon for me, I suppose that's actually praise. Many games, especially puzzle games (I'm looking at you, The Witness) leave me exhausted by the end. This felt more like Portal 1; nonstop entertainment for a single sitting.If that sounds like your kind of thing, get it!"
,Recommended,240440,32040801,Posted: 29 May,all,FadeAway47,"Finishing this game is like getting a Philosophy degree. Your mind is opened, you think differently, and you understand the everything better (or is that worse?). You fall in love with the world the bit more, but hate it more all the same, all at the same time. You become a marvelous person, only to find yourself unemployed. You see the potential, but there's not quite much you can do. Saudade and longing grow on you, helplessly, day by day.Also, great excuse to justify your HHKB or random expensive custom mechanical keyboards and appear tech-savvy."
76561197969973876,Recommended,240440,24528746,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,my0s,"Been waiting for this game for years.Its smart, charming, and can be somewhat challenging.  When taken in the context of the type of game this is, it represents everything that indie game development should be.Edit: In keeping with full disclosure, the game does ultimately fall short of its full potential by not combining all the challenging elements as well as they could be.  However, this does not take away from what the game is, and brilliance of what the game did right (which is most of it)."
,Not Recommended,240440,28535407,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,i wipe my butt almost every day,"Maybe I over-hyped this game for myself. I saw its announcement years ago, got very excited, and then put it on the back burner.  I rediscovered it this week, but thought it was a little overpriced for what I expected to be a 5-7 hour game. Watched a video of the first 10 minutes and decided it was perfect for me, and to go for it.Regret.That's the main feeling I get after playing this game.Pros:Good visuals, given the engine and graphical style.Gameplay feels ImmersiveCons:Short. Really short. Even shorter than I expected.HLTB said 6.5 hours, 5.5 rushed. I didn't rush the game and even idled some, and I still came out at 4.9 hours.The story is just awful.  You get the general picture but there's no detail to really drag you in, or feel involved. It doesn't tie the levels together whatsoever. It just feels like you're doing the next level because.. it's next. The storygoes from hacking to getting attacked to flying. There's nothing that ties it together.. except maybe sisterhood? I didn't feel it. They're friends. Who ♥♥♥♥ing cares?Buggy. Even months after release, issues the dev thinks they've fixed keep happening. Visual bugs, bugs while restarting a level, bugs with the deck so you can't issue commands properly, which persists through saves and reloads. Bugs everywhere.Sound felt very cheap at times.Mods? This game has been out for 5 months and has 4 mods on the Steam Workshop. This isn't the dev's fault, but if they wasted time integrating the workshop for this, someone is at fault.Puzzles go from easy to hard to easy. There's no consistency whatsoever, and the game does a horrible job of explaining some mechanics. Most are easy to understand, but if you miss a detail, it gets confusing quickly.Overall, it's a neat idea but it doesn't execute its goal very well. I'd give it a 6/10.  If you were intrigued by the coding concept, don't waste your time. It feels more like fine tuning someone else's code than writing your own."
,Recommended,240440,24579650,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Quadrilateral Cowboyis a story about having those youthful, exciting, and often dangerous experiences with a really tight-knit group of friends as you journey through life together, and then growing old to reflect fondly on those memories.It is all very beautiful to experience.Half the game is a story that unfolds, and the other half is puzzle solving.The tale is quite moving, and the puzzles are very reasonably difficult, and quite rewarding. If you know Chung’s work, you know what to expect as far as the ‘experience’ or flavor. Otherwise, here is a test to gauge if you will like this game. If two of the three apply to you, then I highly recommend you buy it:1.	You have enjoyed other Blendo games, specificallyThirty Flights of Loving.2.	You enjoy ‘hacking’ or logic puzzle games such asDuskersor to a lesser extentTIS-100.3.	You are a fan of Wes Anderson films, or follow any director (for that matter) that has a very potent flavor or style.I didn’t mention the price tag, because it still remains to be seen how the Workshop and future updates will change the play content. Two days after release Chung added update 001 which added some cool things. Also to note, the cryptic three digits there. Will there be hundreds of small updates over time? Not sure.Mileage will vary, but if you enjoy the game, there is quite a bit to explore.It won’t be difficult to get at least 10 hours out of what is here now. Right now, you can experience the storyline (~5 hours), replay with commentary (~2 hours), and then race the high scores or mess with mods (I’m not sure what kind of hours this will add – likely depends on you).Essentially, you have a variety of technologies to accomplish ‘hacking’ based tasks.The whole thing is played out in 1st person mode, where you solve puzzles by using computer code. The learning curve is nowhere near as steep as others in this genre. In fact, most found the puzzle difficulty underwhelming. I did too, but honestly, it was almost refreshing to be able to finish it without banging my head off the walls for days.While a common complaint is thatQuadrilateral Cowboyis too short, I actually may *slightly* have the opposite feeling. Debatably, what madeThirty Flights of Lovingso magical is how quick of an experience it was. It packed sooo much in, in so little time. Now,Quadrilateral Cowboydoesn’t wear out its welcome, but I totally understand why the base game length is what it is.Pros:+Beautiful Blendo style that throws you into magically wonderful storytelling like no other game can+Awesome mix of first person and ‘hacking’ or logic puzzles+The details are often in the simplicity of Chung’s storytelling; the feelings can have so much impact with such minimal graphics/sound/tech+Unlike other games in this genre, this title can totally be finished by nearly anyone (instead of just those who have ample experience with logic code)+Updates are still being addedCons:-There are still a few bugs that are being ironed out-Some will see the price-to-hour ratio to be a negative; I still say ‘lets wait and see’, but overall I’m more than happy (I would have spent more, but I’m a huge Blendo fan)-The first half of the story and the end was definitely stronger than the later portion of the game;the portion where you enter ‘team play’ and the bits in outer space were odd and I’m still not sure how it all gels together story-wise-Some of the magic that madeThirty Flights of Lovingwas in its brevity;Quadrilateral Cowboydoes not overstay its welcome, but makes me question how length of game plays a role with such potent storytellingThis was my most anticipated title of 2016. Do I think it is game of the year? Too soon to tell. It certainly lived up to my hype, which says something.If you are an avid indie game fan, this is a must-play. Nobody makes games like Blendo. Period."
,Recommended,240440,25220969,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,FCC,"Another short and sweet extravaganza of smoke and mirrors by the notorious Brendon Chung. Notorious because this is another game that you shouldn't buy for the quantity/price ratio. (The Interactive Art Book is overpriced for the extra $9, but as a horribly rabid fanboy I consider it a tip for the funding of future projects in the Citizen Abel universe.)At release the game is $20 for 6-10 hours of content which most people should find outrageous, but I find that the experience never outstays its welcome.The hacking feature is a total lie, as it boils down to a fancy lever pulling mechanic. But the implementation of the decking interface is just so finely tuned to fit with the environments that I found the glorified command line typing to be extremely immersive.Art _quality in this game is amateurish but the art _direction is insanely brilliant. It's a joy to see how the sum of clunky blocks and hand-drawn doodles are combined into a scene that engages the imagination.A bunch of interesting gameplay ideas are introduced with clever focus, but I was disappointed that those same ideas were never combined together into a cohesive climax.Extras like the timed leaderboards and sticky notes left by friends are clever, but with the bugs plaguing global sync, it is hard to take such features seriously.If you want to feel like a hacker in some 90s techno-exploitation flick, Quadrilateral Cowboy absolutely nails the execution. It won't teach you any programming and it will likely be disappointing in some burning way, but the experience will certainly leave an impression."
76561197969195728,Recommended,240440,24525867,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,archipelago,"Unique, original gameplay based on real world programming. Perform heists by writing simple scripts on a virtual laptop. I am not a programmer myself but it was easy enough to understand what to do as the game does a great job helping you, without giving away too much. Very fun puzzles with a bit of Portal-esque timing thrown in. New gameplay options are thrown in at a nice pace with a lot of cool surprises.It has a lovely setting and art style too, this might well land on my favorite games list! Just awesome."
76561198083568932,Recommended,240440,28653172,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,depression,"it's a cool game that actually lets you feel like a hackerunlike the other blendo shorts this is an actual ""game"" game and it's about 5 hours longwith this being in the style of gravity bone and thirty flights of loving you would think the plot would be confusing, but the game has a very clear plot centered around three women, one of them being your character, who are private contractors that preform heiststhe game has a very... odd style though. lots of purposely missing textures and developer settings to enhance the old computer cyberpunk feel."
76561197969486461,Recommended,240440,24636582,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,FloccinAwesome,"Great game mechanics, great visual style, great everything really.  Never played a game quite like it.  I just wish there were more levels maybe with more than one or two solutions.  Can't wait to see what people come up with in the Workshop."
,Recommended,240440,24552098,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Novus,"Interesting gameplay elements, although not nearly enough levels to fully utilize the possible complexity.I suppose we have to wait and see if other users can satisfy this craving in the workshop. As it is now, many people might not find the price worth it for the amount of content."
76561197993277505,Recommended,240440,25834540,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Amoebic,"A romantic look into 90's tech and the glamor of hacking; Quadrilateral Cowboy is a game about learning skills to pull off a good heist. You get equiptment in game that allows you to accomplish new and different things, furthering your ability to get creative and solve puzzles in mutliple ways. Most of these new abilities manifest as commands issued through your deck, which is a little hacking computer that you set up somewhere within each scenario to connect into framework technology that controls things like grates, doors, vents, and other accesible spaces.Blendo Games have a knack for storytelling and scene creation that is dazzling and clever. This game made me feel like kind of a badass on the technical front. Story wise, I found it to be emotionally impactful and rewarding."
76561197970443518,Recommended,240440,24665040,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Rapscallion,"Wes Anderson meets Neuromancer in a story-puzzle game I wish never ended. I hope the community supports this game and makes more levels. As is, the game is short (took me about 8 hours to enjoy my first playthrough, and I was stopping to smell the roses). But what a ride. Jack into your Bienjensu Heist Simulator and stick it to the man. Those suits will never know what hit'em.Chung has left the community with an excellent toolbox to build on his established gritty cyberpunk world. I hope some level designers out there take the ball and run with it."
,Recommended,240440,24659920,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,OfficialSDB,"1 hour and 25 minutes in and from what i have seen so far, this game is amazing!Do you like hacking?Do you like puzzles?Do you like comedy? (of course you like comedy...)This game is for you!I would give this 9/10"
,Recommended,240440,24985753,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Drunken Nixon Style,"Blendo took a giant step in the right direction with this game. With some of Blendos previous games they could be considered ""non-games"" to some due to perceived lack of gameplay and more of a walking simulator with light platforming feel. But with Quadrilateral Cowboy there is much more of an emphasis on gameplay using items and hacking to complete puzzles.The puzzles are mostly basic and pretty easy until the final few which blend togethermostof the tools you have learned through the game. My biggest complaint with the game is that there wasn't a single puzzle that used everything you have learned and you entire arsenal in one giant climactic puzzle, instead you are left wondering what could have been which may be intentional seeing as the story is deliberately left that way too.Old fans of Blendo will not be surprised by the subdued storytelling, but for some it might be a turnoff. A lot is left to the player to piece together through intuition and studying the environment, which in my opinion is needed me in storytelling in gaming.Another complaint is the length but that is mostly because I wanted more of the game as I loved it so much. Workshop support should help that out with (as of publication of this review) free maps being uploaded by the developers and fan maps hopefully becoming a thing in the future.If you like puzzle games you owe it to yourself to play this."
76561198044505109,Recommended,240440,28697150,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WonderfulSerious,"Man, this game. I LOVE IT. I have so much feelings for it I don't even know how to articulate them. It's in the atmosphere. The mood. The tactile, satisfying feeling of every button press, every switch and every toggle. The music. The sound effects. The quirkiness of that cat that sells you things and then give birth to a bunch of kittens and then it's a different cat the next time you visit the shop.I love the seamless worldbuilding, the way everything is shown, not told. I felt so immersed, invested and attached to the game world and the characters, even though they never said a word. It's probably BECAUSE they never said a word, and as a player, I gave them words, I filled in the blanks and interpreted their personality and character. Maybe that's why I felt so attached.The puzzles never got too hard. But I like it that way, it keeps the game going at a steady pace. Even the minor bugs, mostly clipping issues, didn't irritate me as much as I thought it would, and I usually HATE bugs like that.I've finished this game two days ago, and I'm still thinking about it. I think I'll replay this over and over. It has a special place in my heart now.I want to see more games set in this universe, more stories told."
76561198040654274,Recommended,240440,31745406,Posted: 14 May,all,Alex_Aitman,"Great game.  Unique spin on the familiar cyberpunk genre.  Setting and characters are endearing and memorable despite the lack of dialogue.  Level design is tight and communicative. Puzzles are interesting, but not longer or more complex than they need to be.  I did feel like the game could have used one more BIG mission, with multiple paths all tying together the various techniques and gadgets you've aquired throughout the game, but in the end I'm always happier to be left wanting more than to have a game full of filler to grind through."
,Recommended,240440,29794032,Posted: 8 February,all,jolly,"Very fun game, lots of strategy to it, I like the casing mode you use for the last few levels, really makes it feel like you're setting up a real heist.Quirky graphics, not much of a story but it's there and enjoyable, I think it's an overall good game.Only complaint is it's a little short for 20$. But I don't regret spending it."
,Recommended,240440,33330555,Posted: 6 July,all,roguefrog,"At the dawn of the 1980's, three women in STEM, and best friends forever, moonlight as freelance ""hacker extraordinaire"" cyber-criminals while their men (and most of the world) sleep. (although one of them appears to be single) This is their story."
,Recommended,240440,24524086,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Chaz,"I've been anticipating this game for the past couple of years and I can definitely say the wait has been worth it. An immersive hacking interface, fun spy gadgets, and a very curious setting indeed! The feeling of solving a puzzle with a flow of commands and quick thinking is quite a fun rush, and with Workshop support I look forward to seeing players' custom maps and other fun things like that!If you're a fan of hacking/typing games that allow you to manipulate the world through coding and commands (See also ComputerCraft for Minecraft, and Wiremod in Garry's Mod), I definitely recommend this!"
,Recommended,240440,29577046,Posted: 29 January,all,sebbodes,"Quadrilateral Cowboy was a fun experience.If you never heard of this game, you may be confused about the world this game plays in. It's 1980 and you ride with your flying motorcycles to your first heist. Yup. Exactly. Flying motorbikes.Even though this game falls on the short side and could've used more narrative, it felt very engaging to me. I really wasn't into the ""speedrunning aspect"" of the game, but this can gladly be ignored.In the end i had a lot of fun with this title.The best ""Short, 20 bucks and released in 2016""-game i have played."
,Recommended,240440,24537740,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Bread.,"This game is incredibly well thought out. It's very dense with little details that are delightful and satisfying to find and notice. The puzzles are interesting and require thought but I didn't find that they acted like a roadblock. I'm always impressed by how well Brendon Chung manages to push an atmosphere and a tone. Definitely worth checking out if you enjoyed any previous games by Blendo Games, or other puzzlers like TIS-100 or Human Resource Machine.It crashed a bunch, maybe 6 times in total. Most in a single aread towards the end of the game, but I couldn't figure out if a specific thing caused it. It saves very often so the most I lost was a minute or so but it was still a little frustrating.Would absolutely reccomend, though!"
,Recommended,240440,24590499,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Ralewyn,"Clever and flavorful, you could describe Quadrilateral Cowboy as a longer, more 'gamey' 30 Flights of Loving.The puzzles and mechanics are quite unique, and are introduced at a good pace to keep those ""aha!"" moments coming. Save for a bad egg or two closer to the end, the puzzles also tend to flow very well. When it works, you easily feel like you're running your own one-man film heist with careful planning and precise execution which feels extremely satisfying. When it doesn't work, you're getting stuck in a wall or chasing a rare dead-end in one of the later levels.You'll spend a lot of time with a virtual command prompt while you plot and optimize your thieving shenanigans, but if you're cool with or even look forward to that this is a solid puzzle game with plenty of charm and wit packed neatly into an engaging plot and setting."
,Recommended,240440,24522636,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kieran,"This game is crazy detailed and it's functionality is impressive, the gadgets involved are cool, the coding language is basic yet can do some cool tricks, interesting art style, would definitely recommend!"
76561198048385355,Recommended,240440,33858506,Posted: 28 July,all,TerezarOmega,"I'm in a weird place with this game.For one, I love anything cyberpunk, and breaking into buildings and hacking their systems command line style is so cyber punk.ButI HATE the aesthetic. The blocky people, the vector look, I just cannot take it seriously, so I have a lot of trouble staying in the game. It just doesn't suit the feel at all, and I get mood whiplash every time I look at one of my rediculous looking comrades.If you can geet past the goofy aesthetic, there is a great cyperpunk hacking game buried beneath it, but it's a challenge to do that for me so I cannot fault anyone else for not being able to."
,Recommended,240440,24540865,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,dinopron,"This a quirky and unique game, it's the complete opposite of Watch Dogs (that I hated), while WD tries very hard to be edgy and make hacking with a smartphone looks like the coolest thing ever Quadrilateral Cowboy is quite the opposite: You're in a low poly latin american cyberpunk retrofuture, using big clunky computers with command line interfaces, it's the opposite of cool and yet genuinely cool."
,Recommended,240440,28799555,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Razzle,"What started out for me as a time waster turned into much more. This is easily one of my favorite games. The simple hacking is fun and makes you feel very elite. When things work out just right, you get a huge feeling of accomplishment.My only negative critique for this game is that it is very short and there are only 4 items in the workshop. I'd be excited to play a sequel or literally anything that will give me more of this style of gameplay.Also.. The story almost made me cry."
76561198001935699,Recommended,240440,30603809,Posted: 18 March,all,MONTCLAIREARE,"I know nothing about programming. At first I was afraid that the coding would be too difficult but it was simple to figure out and complex enough to be fun, amazingly fun! My only complaint is that there wasnt enough, and I mean that as an actual complaint. There should have been a few more levels at the end that truly combined and tested me with all the tools I had learned. instead it just ended after the first hard level.This is the first half of aperfectgame."
76561198080620830,Recommended,240440,24651140,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,semaj262,"I loved this game. There's so much story and creativity in the environment, you really should take your time and learn and find everything you can,"
,Not Recommended,240440,29152142,Posted: 9 January,all,Largahblarga,"TL;DR the game feels half done.The mechanics are great and make for interesting puzzles but don't always expand on the concepts: the first half of the game pretty thoroughly explores the use of your deck (which is more command line interface than programming), but the second half seems to only scratch the surface of the multiple heister possibilities before giving you all the abilities on one character anyways. Multiple weevers, or using the weever and autocase simultaneously, are never explored even though the tools and commands hint at the possibility. Workshop support really SHOULD make up for some of these flaws, but six months later only a handful of levels even exist.The plot and backstory stuff feels like it's building up to something big, but it never gets there which is unusual given the developer's past works. The game does a good job of establishing the basics of who these people you're playing as are in between levels, but there's never a moment where these relationships are tested or a true antagonist emerges. Some really cool things happen, and then they just stop happening.Apparently you're playing the first two years of a 15+ year career before flashing forward to old age in the epilogue, where they show off all the equipment you would've gotten. SUCH a tease...On a technical level the game runs fine, but a couple of level breaking bugs forced me to close and reopen the game in order to reattempt the level.After the reputation built up from Gravity Bone and Thirty Flights of Loving, I was just expecting more than the game gave me. If you're a puzzle fanatic and just want to tool around with some interesting mechanics, then by all means go for it. If you're expecting this to grab your attention in any other way, move on."
76561198041303314,Recommended,240440,32690914,Posted: 23 June,all,Plankton Bolt.gg,A masterpiece. We need more game like this.
,Not Recommended,240440,28929484,Posted: 1 January,all,Awpteamoose,"Not sure what I expected, but I was kind of let down.It's basically a bunch of puzzles that the game wants you to speedrun. And speedrunning puzzles isn't really fun.Maybe the game gets better towards the end, but it doesn't look like it."
76561198142754491,Not Recommended,240440,31454412,Posted: 29 April,all,taftthehippo,"I really wanted to like this game. There are a lot of cool concepts and gadgets that you get as the game progresses, but I found myself wondering when the tutorial was going to end. About an hour in, I realized that this was the game. Unfortunately, the puzzles are very discrete - they never really build off of each other. And they are so simple. I spent more time handling the glitches and poor game mechanics than I did actually thinking about how to solve the puzzles. I think that if you go in wanting a quick, fun game on a rainy afternoon, this may be a contender. But at $20, I think that you can find ones much more satisfying than this one."
,Recommended,240440,25328178,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,AAHvocado,"As expected of a Chung game, there's a lot of silent storytelling and melancholy feelings. This game is one of the more interactive games and is possibly one of the best in making you feel very clever as a by-the-bootstraps infiltrator. If you want to get a taste of programming, this has a genuine feel to it which makes it all the more immersive. The mechanics are taught at a good pace, with no mechanic overstaying its welcome. It follows a good storytelling and gameplay flow of action and rest, you'll feel comfortable. The narrative is touching, and you'll experience it, as you're the one working hard."
,Recommended,240440,30345630,Posted: 5 March,all,taloketo,"This game made me feel like a hightech rogue agent! Great setting and storytelling. Gameplay is quite original even without the coding aspect. The coding basically felt like pressing buttons but instead of pressing buttons you need to type words down to achieve simple results. But then it got quite interesting with more mechanics like assigning functions to blinks.I can understand people feeling the game is short, but it was just right for me. Game feels very well made. It's kinda buggy though. I had multiple crashes. I had to quit a level and get back sometimes as the game state can get messed up. I broke the physics engine, got stuck somewhere, or just kept flying in the same direction without pressing anything (only in photo mode).I didn't mind the bugs too much since the game made me feel awesome. Recommended at any price."
76561197993205533,Recommended,240440,30530507,Posted: 15 March,all,Crucifixation to all Profligates,"I always wanted to be a hacker, but I never wanted my feelings hacked in the process."
,Recommended,240440,30270872,Posted: 1 March,all,ElectronSnake,"I think there are quite a few reviews that said the same thing, overall its a great little game with a lot of clever puzzles, but I do wish that it would get progressively more complex and let the player utilise all the mechanics to solve even more complex puzzles but again, that never really took place.However I did enjoy playing this game just the way it is now, just wish there were more to it."
76561198035566627,Recommended,240440,24927157,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,computer,"this game is hands down phenominal, once i finished it all i wanted was more i would deffinatly recomend. the best game i have played so far this year"
,Recommended,240440,24833902,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Modest Machina,"While it's a bit short, it's easily one of the most unique and interesting puzzle games and hacking games I've ever played. The style is bold and strange, but appealing at the same time, and the puzzles are all very well-designed, with most of them really making you feel like you're infiltrating some sort of high-security base just with your laptop and a few other little gadgets. With the added mod support, I'd say this game is easily worth the money."
,Recommended,240440,30399912,Posted: 8 March,all,ReFL3X,It's short so you've got to figure out whether it's worth your money or not judging by how long it is but if you are up for a short adventure involving hacking and solving puzzles then you are going to love this game. You will also have to realise that the graphics aren't particularly great or cutting edge but for the art style they stand out and in my opinion it's well worth buying and it's easy to 100 percent as well so it has that going for it.
76561197999005093,Recommended,240440,26139168,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,ismecaleb,"This game is great! I am a network engineer, and use command-line interface very frequently. This is a fresh idea, that brings simple scripting, planning, and patience to get you through each level. It has a great tutorial system that allows you to ease your way into the different gadgets you obtain. One point deducted for several bugs.9/10"
,Recommended,240440,25503385,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Missing,Use your electric magic box to become the wizard described by Clark's Third Law
,Recommended,240440,30284039,Posted: 2 March,all,Beartrap Sandwich,"I love puzzle games with an aspect of coding. I just managed to crash the game while writing an in-game script to fire the casegun automatically, and that just makes me giddy with the possibilities~"
76561198004931128,Recommended,240440,34807399,Posted: 7 September,all,Elbarden,"I adore this game. The mechanics are fun and challenging, and encourage creativity. The minimalist graphics do nothing to take away from the charm of the game, or its three main characters. I especially loved the attention to detail - like the titles of books you find, which were sometimes used as clues and sometimes as jokes."
,Recommended,240440,25019325,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,meharryp,It's only 5 hours long so I'd recommend buying it in a sale but this game is really fun. The mechnaics only seem to get fleshed out towards the end which sucks but there's mod support so I have no doubt people will make more content.
,Recommended,240440,24578246,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Radiatoryang,"This is an excellent hand-crafted puzzle game with beautiful story moments and gorgeous details. Like the rest of the Blendo Games first person catalog, it never wastes your time -- every room of every level is about something, there's no ""filler"" here. Imagine the purity and confidence of Portal 1 (a puzzle game that gracefully knew when to stop) with the visual sensibilities of Hong Kong filmmaker Wong Kar-wai, and you get QuadCow.Many of the negative reviews here are going to complain about how the game doesn't escalate into a hugely over-complicated multi-part multi-agent mission that requires you to engineer 100s of lines of code with 20 different remote devices... but I think it was a wise decision to avoid this same trap that nearly every coding puzzle game falls into.This is not a programming game about complexity -- rather, it's about ingenuity.This is not about designing a giant system with 100 moving parts, and Portal would not have been a better game with 8 portals. Instead, this game is about using the right command at the right time at the right place. (If you know what you're doing, you can complete many of the levels in 30-60 seconds. But the first time you try, it'll take you 15-30 minutes.)Conceptually, QuadCow is about re-imagining the act of coding. Is coding a slow crawl of engineering, or can it be a light and delicate performance, like cold water or a kiss?If you want TIS-100, go play TIS-100. But in this game, YOU ARE A COWBOY, NOT AN ASSEMBLY PROGRAMMER. It's in the gosh-darn title, ok???(Disclosure: I alpha-tested this game and bought the game myself.)"
,Recommended,240440,24940740,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,mr.boggieman,too short. love it
,Recommended,240440,24531447,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mike,"Quadrilateral Cowboy is a clever puzzle game about space and the world around you, told through hacking, gadgets, and Chung's amazing direction. Chung's games have always been about packing the world with detail and secrets and story and meaning, and QC sort of brings that out mechanically too - you need to understand the environment to find solutions, and that means you end up paying attention to all the small touches and flourishes in each world.Timings and leaderboards sort of put an unnecessary pressure on gameplay, and it can make it tempting to rush in and power through to the best solution. I can't see a way to turn them off, but I recommend just sort of breezing through it on your first run and not worrying about optimality. It's best to take each little place as it comes, and poke and explore it to get the most out of it.It's fun! I'm still playing through it. But it's a good time."
,Recommended,240440,24550018,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Endymion,Great game; if you like puzzles.However the game does feel as though it is more of a testbed for all of the mechanics introduced and it doesn't use them itself as much as it should.
,Recommended,240440,24529648,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Dillon,"Played through the intro and first mission and so far I'm LOVING it! If you didn't like Thirty Flights of Loving, don't worry, this game has a more traditional gameplay narrative that will probably appeal more to you. If you DID enjoy Thirty Flights of Loving, don't worry, this game feels like Thirty Flights x100. The setting, tone, and art style mesh perfectly, and the gameplay and puzzle solving is really crisp. As someone who has been looking for a hacking game that feels like you're actually doing some hacking, I'm happy to say I've finally found that experience with Quadrilateral Cowboy. I can't wait to play more!UPDATE:I've played a bit more and it just keeps getting better. The items you get throughout the game are really fun to play with and add new puzzle mechanics to each level. The moments between missions are just as engaging, allowing you to learn more about the main character - Poncho - and her crew, without any dialogue or written exposition; it's like a filmmaker's wet dream. Everything about this game feels thought out and polished. I can't recommend it enough!"
,Not Recommended,240440,25561360,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Richbo,"Cool concept, unbelievably and unfairly shortAt the exact moment you think ""wow this game is getting pretty cool"" it's already over"
,Not Recommended,240440,31589715,Posted: 6 May,all,Clone Commando,"I finished it in 3.8 hours. The gameplay is very nice but the longevity of the game is not. There are 5 workshop mods currently. If you like speedrunning this game may be for you, but if you just like puzzle games don't get it."
76561197994316573,Recommended,240440,25220388,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,throttledan,"I loved this game.  I love the art style, the story, the gameplay, the whimsicalness, the music, and being immersed in this world.  It can be said that it is a bit shallow and without any real conflict, but I enjoyed the world and figurioung out the puzzles.  The ending was beautiful and caused me to shed a tear seeing the character in the mirror but in the end put a smile on my face."
,Recommended,240440,24642060,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,fireman sam,"I have to recommend Quadrilateral Cowboy for being so unique and bizarre and bursting with personality, butfor the sake of critical thinking and helping the developer improve, this review’s just going to be a rant about what’s wrong with the game.Honestly, QC is flawed at a pretty fundamental level, because, while each comprising element is strong on its own, nothing gels together at all, so the game just feels like a disparate mess.The most blatant conflict is between story and gameplay. The moments when the game gives you the most agency, ie when you’re performing a heist, have nothing happening in them besides you completing the mission and leaving. Then of course, it’s right between the heists that you start meeting & interacting with other characters and seeing actual meaningful plot playing out. And during these scenes, you’re stuck in tiny linear environments that you can barely explore, and all your tools like your deck (the computer) & your autocase (the gun-in-a-box) are unavailable, and you have no control over how anything plays out. Story and gameplay are kept either side of big ♥♥♥♥ing fence.Remember how Gravity Bone took you by surprise by having a relatively predictable gameplay-driven mission turn into, without wanting to spoil anything, the exact opposite of that? Moments like this, when story spills over into gameplay so to speak, would be right at home in Quadrilateral Cowboy if it just had its missions set in reality, the same reality as the rest of the game. Sure, it would be difficult to justify mechanics like noclipping ‘in real life’, but does realism really matter in a game where you purchase your artillery from a cat? A cat from space?Instead, the transition between story and gameplay is consistently jarring and irritating, because the two are kept so devastatingly distinct and distant. Just as you’re getting your stride with the gameplay, the story interrupts you. Just as you’re getting invested in the plot, you’re told to go do another ♥♥♥♥ing heist. So neither half of Quadrilateral Cowboy is allowed to make the impact it ought to.As well as helping to sever the game in two, the idea that your heists take place in virtual reality has the unfortunate side-effect of inhibiting immersion, and therefore inhibiting atmosphere. When the game is telling me that I’m not actually ‘in’ this environment for real, then the environment's atmosphere -- the emotions evoked by an area’s architecture, sound design, lighting, etc -- won’t affect me remotely. That’s an appalling waste of potential, because QC’s environments are brilliantly designed. They have every reason to be atmospheric as ♥♥♥♥.It’s not just the story and the gameplay that don’t gel well, but the individual game mechanics too. The ‘single-player co op’, in which you have to work alongside a recording of how you played previously, has you in a completely different mindset to coding at your deck, which has you in a completely different mindset to the first-person platforming, and so on.Point is, all the tools you use for the heists feel like they belong in different games. They require different types of skill, they put you in a different mood. They undermine each other's presence. Plus, because there’s so many of them, they’re left underdeveloped: Each mechanic gets very little time to shine, and they’re all a buggy mess. The entire game is a buggy mess. And I highly doubt it would be such a buggy mess if the developer hadn’t drowned himself in so many superfluous, conflicting gameplay-gimmicks to waste development time on making.A few other little problems that really put me off Quadrilateral Cowboy:In terms of visual-style and difficulty-level, there is no logical progression from mission to mission, which is especially harmful at the finale when the game unceremoniously ends after a brief story-scene following an easy, forgettable mission where you steal a boring looking box from a boring looking satellite.The missions are easy, straightforward and don't do anything at all interesting or complex with the game’s mechanics.Each mission has multiple objectives, but you have to do them one at a time, having selected which objective to target beforehand, so if you complete a different objective than the one you selected it simply doesn’t count and you have to start again.All the music is diegetic, which is a constraint that only serves to prevent the soundtrack doing much that’s interesting or effective, and for the most part it’s pretty crappy music that doesn’t seem to have been chosen with an enormous amount of care. (Clair de Lune being the obvious exception, because it's bloody gorgeous.)Anyway,in a nutshell...If the focus had been on puzzles surrounding the coding, not on all the other random toys at the player’s disposal, and if the puzzles were naturally woven into the story, not set in literally a different reality to the story, this would be an incredible game. As it stands, it's a fascinating little experience that burns with potential."
,Recommended,240440,24618856,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Vinrafel,"First Impressions Video:https://youtu.be/5gH1Zss1t90Quadrilateral Cowboys is a crazy ride. It's not without its flaws, but it's a great time.Basically, QC (because that name is WAY too long) is about being freelance ""hackers"" who steal stuff. Most of the game is an interplay between the real world around you and console commands that you type into your deck (in game computer).The game is set in a strange cyber punk 80's setting. A probably dystopian society and more weirdness around every corner makes the world enjoyable to be in.Now, the gameplay. This sits in a weird space for me. I really like it. The concepts behind it are great and the execution is enjoyable, but the levels never allow the depth that one would expect from a puzzle game. Every level brings in a new ability and each of those levels is focused on that thing. In other words, every level asks you ""do you know how to use this ability?"" but no level ever delves into the interplay between the abilities. I was always expecting to find a big level with complex puzzles necessitating the use of all of the skills I'd learned so far, but that level never came. Plus, the puzzles aren't that difficult. Most of the time I could easily see what needed to done, and succeeding was just a matter of things out.But it's not al bad, because I've enjoyed the experience. The game was definitely fun, just not as fun as it could have been.In the end, QC is unique and definitely worth the time, but it never manages to mature into a serious puzzle game. Is it worth picking up? At $20, I would say that if you really want to check it out, you can pick it up. If you're only interested in it, wait until it's on sale for around $10, because it's definitely worth that price."
,Recommended,240440,24576681,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,KrunkSplein,"A fantastic experience, albeit a short one.  While the other reviewers are correct in that the game ends before it truly begins, the core mechanics are solid.  It is clear that the fine folks at Blendo have assembled a fantastic set of building blocks, they simply need to do some more building with them.As I said, the mechanics are solid.  Using the deck to interact with both items in the level and subsequent tech feels fantastic.  The alarm timers are a nice solution to the problem of giving the user too much direct control - if a door or laser is opened for more than a (visibly posted) length of time, an alarm sounds.  This prevents the user from simply holding doors open indefinitely and lends itself also to some of the more interesting timing puzzles.In short, while I hope more content is forthcoming, I consider Quadrilateral Cowboy as it stands worthy of the price of admission."
76561198047852650,Recommended,240440,24600764,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Darkghost,"This game is not for everybody. With that said, its definitly for me.You will get many diffirent tools and visit quite a few cool locations. all this combined makes for some great puzzels.There is also definitly a story but i honestly can't tell you much as im not yet to far into it.My conclusion is that i can definitly recommend this.if this is for you its worth every penny at full price!"
,Recommended,240440,27892751,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cerra,"A completely marvelous work. The gameplay is engaging, solving each puzzle feels like you really accomplished something. Every little bit of the world that we get to see is amazing, and I couldn’t help but fall in love with the characters. It was exactly the game I wanted it to be, because it was open to being whatever game I wanted."
76561198154051292,Recommended,240440,25488879,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,huskyshero,Okay so i have played this game and I love it but one thing I feel like it needs is more building things like the first mission where you had to get a processor or whatever and i thought that was very cool. Thats just my opinion :)
76561198008320655,Recommended,240440,24628744,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Adnamhain,"Wonderful if not a bit short (finished in just under 6 hrs).  Great blending of the command-line / hacking genre wrapped in a first person puzzle game, and the whole thing is dripping with artistic style very reminiscent of that in Jazzpunk.Can't wait to see what the community cooks up in the workshop.  Will definately be checking back for updates and player designed heists!"
76561197982067710,Recommended,240440,24551926,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Joost,"Upon finishing this game I can honestly say that this is the most refreshing puzzle game since Portal! Some may be turned off by the fact that this is a 5 hour game for 20 euros but you can tell a lot of love and dedication was poured into this project. By entering code into your laptop you hack doors and laser grids, control robots and gimbal turrets in order to steal classified information from a variety of places. For me this is the first game where it actually feels like you are hacking. Quadrilateral Cowboy even boasts a Dark Souls like message system where you can post post-it notes in the levels which your Steam friends can see. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,240440,24640983,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Baasvik,"https://youtu.be/jqP2m6Z4whwSometimes you just want to sit in from of a pc while sitting in front of your PC. If you're an idiot like me, I'd bargain this is the game for you. Blendo is back with their masterful pacing and obtuse storytelling, and even now comes with a video game packed inside.Inventive and creative, Quadrilateral Cowboy is a very good game. No single mechanic is ever exhausted and QC captures a feeling in a way most games can't. You'll walk away from Quadrilateral Cowboy feeling like a true hacker, even if all security systems in this universe are extremely rudimentary.A few twists and turns here and there keep things fresh and make QC a must-play for fans of indie games.Not without its flaws though, there are definitely plenty of engine issues with Quadrilateral Cowboy. I found myself clipping through environments, stuck in walls, and dealing with sloppy transitions regularly. An overall clunky interface can also be a bear on the experience.Luckily its flaws don't hold it back too much and there's plenty here to like."
,Recommended,240440,24650142,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Berengal,"A very artistic game that also has engaging gameplay.I found both the setting and narrative to be very interesting. Some may not find much in the vagueness and lack of explicit exposition, but I quite enjoyed exploring the world and trying to discover what it was about. The world is very clearly different from our own, but it shares enough similarities that it's not completely alien which makes it quite a bit eerie and mysterious.The artstyle is very distinctive; lots of low-polygon shapes and flat colors makes it more of a symbolic rather than realistic style. I feel this symbolic artstyle combines very well with the strange world because the familiar symbols and the unfamiliar setting create an interesting and somewhat unsettling contrast. The textures are also very high quality, even insignificant pieces of paper are readable. Some text is so small that even walking right up to it you can't really read it, you have to zoom in even further for the text to become large enough. This high texture quality makes the world feel very crisp and made exploring it more enjoyable.The gameplay was also good, but it is somewhat lacking in depth. The puzzles were not so hard that they became frustrating, but not too easy either and it felt rewarding to solve the harder missions. I feel like the missions were all well designed in the way they introduced new mechanics and ramped up the difficulty. Some have said the puzzles have a programming element, but that's not really true. There's no conditional logic and very little abstraction, you type commands into a command line and that's it. The lack of depth doesn't show up in the missions themselves, it only become apparent in the game's length. The game can be pretty short if you're decent at puzzle solving and don't take the time to look around you but go straight for the objectives.It took me about 4 hours to finish the game, and I spent a good portion of that time doing other stuff than just solving the puzzles. The length doesn't bother me, I had a great time playing the game and I will probably go back to it to try to improve my time on different missions or try different approaches.I should note that you have the ability to skip every mission if you want to, which I think is a nice feature in case you get stuck on something. There's little narrative exposition in the missions themselves, and you have the ability to explore every world in noclip mode so there's really no penalty to skipping other than missing out on the puzzle itself.All in all I think this is a great game. If you like puzzle games this is good. If you like exploring weird settings with unique art this is good. If you only care exclusively about gameplay and solving hard puzzles the game might too short."
,Recommended,240440,24654861,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Dyne1319,Absolutly wounderful.  One of the best games I have played in some time.  If I had a complant that would only be that I wish there was more I finished the entire game in about 6 hours and that was with no alarms and under the global average on all levels.The only other thing It feel like once you learn a new piece of gear and use all the command line stuff to the point where you are really good at it it seems like it gets tossed away at about the mide point and you hardly us it.  Would have loved to see more puzzles with more of that stuff the last half of the game has a smash and grab feel even without raising alrams.TLDR: PLAY THIS GAME ITS GREAT!!!!!
,Recommended,240440,24910648,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Max,Very good puzzler!
76561197989263209,Recommended,240440,26856998,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Retrolicious,"One of the best indie games I've ever played.Love this retrofuturistic setting, it's a bit unusual for a games today.Also love the plot format - this game tells you a story without literally telling anything."
,Recommended,240440,24896926,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Beowulf,"I have barely played through the thrid mission and I already love this game. The art style is unique and original, the soundtrack is mae up of classical music and some modern stuff as well. The graphics don't matter much, and gameplay is a bit addictive. I do have a few complaints: The Weevil is a little hard to use because of the extremely small CCTV size, somme mechanics are not explained to well and the beginning segment confusedd me a little. However I am absolutley sure   that there are guides out there.I sincerly hope this game comes out with new content or maybe even a little DLC. YOU DON'T WANT TO PASS THIS GAME UP!"
,Recommended,240440,24984649,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,kaneshado~1.exe,I wish I had more thumbs to give.Sometimes a truly inspired game just defies description.  First person hacking puzzler with walking-sim interludes?It doesn't need to be put in a box.  It's a perfect one of whatever it is.
,Recommended,240440,24547924,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Wavefarer,"Unique, beautiful, and extremely well crafted. Enjoyable command-line gameplay."
76561198131261887,Recommended,240440,30730119,Posted: 25 March,all,Lemonsandwich,"A simply amazing game. I was just pulled in. This game is a master piece. I can go on and on about how I love this game. The game play feels good, and it feels like you're hacking stuff, controlling robots and guns with just console cammands, but it's not overly complicated like in real life. So anyone can play without having to have to much skill. The lighting was amazing, best light in a video game ever, and it runs on and engine from 2004 was mind blowning. I didn't think you could make such great physics from an engine that old. The story is great too, a story told with no words, but full of emotion. You feel so trusting in your two friends right away. This game is a master piece and is just so perfect. I only have one problem with the game, that is that I wish there was more. I would like to see a sequel to this. Besides that this game is amazing and you should buy it now."
,Recommended,240440,24573367,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Duraldo,"I think this game has some great possibilities, but it seems a lot is still lacking. Game is buggier then a bethesda on a good day, but a lot of that can be overlooked (one man dev studio, is probably going to have many bugs), as of now there are tons of bugs.This is a puzzle game, very similiar to portal or talos principle, so if you enjoy those games, you will enjoy this. If you're a fan of Blendo games, you will get more of what you loved in the previous games he's released. If not, but you enjoy puzzle games, I would wait for a more polished released.Mods are probably what will make the game really fun, as it supports them and I can't wait for more people to get into it."
,Recommended,240440,28010296,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Munkie_[B],A fun game with an interesting story and engaging core gameplay. It is kinda short so maybe get it on sale.
76561198022060411,Recommended,240440,24547174,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Will Smith,"Really smart and inventive, doesn't overstay it's wlecome, all around amazing game."
76561197990698590,Recommended,240440,24539934,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,It Was Moida,"Cowboy1.YeeHaw(3)Quadrilateral Cowboy scratches a very specific itch I didn't know I had. It's a fantastic stealth/puzzle game that makes me feel like a movie level hacker. Just the sounds of typing this out brings me back my favorite moments in the game. That's what I call immersion.Highly recommended for those looking for a more against the grain experience with strong, sold game mechanics."
76561198082748030,Recommended,240440,24526157,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,AmericanMadman,I rememeber playing thirty flights of loving in dec 2013 then found out about this i was stoked as being a fan of this genre and this was worth the wait. Also my favorite blendo games production so far.
,Recommended,240440,24523580,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Eli From State Farm,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING, really fun game that has alot to offer. I would say the price is okay for a game. The gameplay mechanics are amaxing but funny at the same time. I failed a mission at one point in the game becuase of a alarm and got shot by a turrent out the window, had to restart cuz i didnt die from the fall. You also get a cute litte robot that you can program to mvoe aronnd the map, if you love the concept of programming and puzzles, then thi sgame is for you."
76561197983817188,Not Recommended,240440,25470634,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Hanover,"Can't recommend this due to a lot of bugs.  It started out as fun, but later bugs make the levels unfinishable.  Later levels require a lot of time and patience, and nothing is more frustrating then almost getting to the end, only to have your character suddenly die of O2 deprivation while you're INSIDE the space station.  Another bug prevents you from seeing the output from the deck, which also required me to start over.  Another bug has your little robot (Weever) suddenly just disappear.The game is a lot of fun, and as a developer I love the command-line mechanics, too bad it's just plagued by a bunch of game breaking bugs."
,Not Recommended,240440,24806642,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,valkyrieking,"This is the kind of game where, if I'd paid <10$ for it, I'd be happy with it.Points for originality, certainly. However, I find this game lacking in actual playability. It's oddly paced, unengaging, and the puzzles are so linear that they don't really feel like you're being clever when you solve them.There are elements of gameplay that feel pointless, and a few times they warn you of consequences that don't actually occur.I feel like this game was oversold. If it had been a small release and not costing $20, I think it would feel like less of a cheat."
,Recommended,240440,24577925,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Gup Gup,"This is overall a very beautiful game and a very unique experience. It's exactly what you would expect from playing Blendo's previous standalone 3D games Gravity Bone and Thirty Flights of Loving. It's longer and grander than both of those, but it shares many of their traits, such as Blendo's unique storytelling methods and his great worldbuilding, using techniques like magic realism and implied plot. The gameplay is more focused in this game than in his others (they didn't have much in terms of puzzles or things like that) and it adds to the game significantly. The hacking mechanics are very well done and it's very fun to use all the gadgets.The only flaws with this game are that the missions are linear puzzles without much replayability (actually not any replayability at all unless you feel like getting more immersed in the gorgeous world or want to go for a better time on the arbitrary leaderboards) and the many crashes experienced during play. Blendo is, however, working progressively and diligently to eliminate bugs and crashes so by time anyone reads this, the crashes will probably be fixed.Overall I feel it was worth the $20, but if you want a longer game (it's about 4 hours long), or expect sandboxey levels ala deus ex and an in-your-face story, then you probably won't enjoy it. This game can be summed up as 30 flights of loving multiplied by 10 with keyboard hacking ala command prompt and a couple neat gadgets (remote controlled robot, autoturret, springboard-type launcher) so if that doesn't sound appealing, don't buy it."
,Recommended,240440,24685450,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Morian,"A really solid little heist/hacking game.  I love both genres, and am pretty frusterated at how few games exist in each category, but this game knocks it out of the park with both effortlessly.  Mix that with Blendo's really unique artstyle and absurdist (I think) humor and editing, and you've got a pretty damn good way to spend $20."
76561198006737967,Recommended,240440,27979325,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Prancey,"Absolutely great puzzle game for combining elements of (very light) actual terminal input, planning, and exploration. The music, art, and story all work together well, and help it accomplish its overall goal. Really the only problem is a lack of content, but hopefully more will come out of the creators or mods. I made it through the game in about three hours, and probably could've gone faster if I was a bit more clever. The lack of levels makes it seem like you don't get to use all of the tools you're given to their full potential, but that potential is vast if this game gets a following."
,Recommended,240440,31664980,Posted: 10 May,all,Laser Lettuce,Lots of cool ideas but pretty short. If you want a programmery artsy game with some actual gameplay in it then this will be your jam.
,Not Recommended,240440,29345937,Posted: 18 January,all,[CSGC] Turok,Interesting concept...I guessHard to figure out if its a simulation or you are actually attempting a bank heist half the time. Missions are fun however you are allowed to noclip and fly throughout the level allowing access to obstacles before event finding them. Failure doesn't even feel all that bad due to the fact that the only repercussion is a respawn back to the beginning. The story is unmotivating at best. There is nothing to tie the missions together other than assembling the introduction computer. Feels off and incomplete.
,Recommended,240440,25860171,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineQuadrilateral Cowboy is a game developed by Blendo Games. A romantic look into 90's tech and the glamor of hacking; the game is about learning skills to pull off a good heist. You get equipment in game that allows you to accomplish new and different things, furthering your ability to get creative and solve puzzles in mutliple waysMost of these new abilities manifest as commands issued through your deck, which is a little hacking computer that you set up somewhere within each scenario to connect into framework technology that controls things like grates, doors, vents, and other accesible spacesBlendo Games have a knack for storytelling and scene creation that is dazzling and clever. This game made me feel like kind of a badass on the technical front. Story wise, I found it to be emotionally impactful and rewarding!Quadrilateral Cowboy is the newest and most enjoyable Blendo Games' game I've played so far!RECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,240440,26222231,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jagged™,"Got it only just a couple hours ago, but already hooked.Fantastic game."
,Recommended,240440,25319529,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,DoomMunky,Holy moly! 1 hour in and this is amazing! It's incredibly adept at moving you through space and time and cutting out all the cruft of plot development and spatial navigation. And then you feel like a BOSS when you succeed at a mission. I went from 2+ minutes on the second mission to under 28 seconds. I am a hacking master.
,Recommended,240440,24542382,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dorkus1218,"A game in the same echelon of style as Thirty Flights of Loving/Gravity Bone, but with incredibly fun plan-and-execute gameplay and tons of improve-your-best-time appeal"
,Recommended,240440,24534849,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Pathetic Failure,Definitely one of the most satisfying puzzle games out there.
,Recommended,240440,24547722,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Canadave87,"Another brilliant game from Blendo Games. The art style is simple but attractive, and the core gameplay is great. I found it a bit Portal-esque, in that some of the puzzles stopped me up for a little while, but it was never terribly frustrating and I always felt clever when I solved it.I also really liked the cyberpunk-in-the-80s style of all the interfaces, and the little story interludes between missions were great. Very atmospheric and evocative when they needed to be."
,Recommended,240440,24525614,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,BloodAlcoholContentOperatinSystm,Great stuff from Blendo!
76561197970653174,Recommended,240440,25125296,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,tran_fors,"This is one of those games that defies simple classifications.It's mostly a ""heist simulation"" game, but it subtly interweaves the various characters' personalities into the game.You won't need to read into it to enjoy it, but you will if you want to understand why the characters are the way they are."
,Recommended,240440,25154315,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Cordeiro of Cinder,"This piece of software here, my friends, is excellent and definitely worth of your time. Hacking buildings and controlling robots and guns remotely by a virtual computer is amazing. Also, the game is charming and I really dig the art style. Just go for it."
,Recommended,240440,24524475,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Steve,"I just finished playing the first few missions of this game, and I am pretty impressed. The main aim of the game is to infiltrate buildings by using a laptop to hack your way in. Very user-friendly, teaches you the mechanics step-by-step. Potential replayability, with workshop compatibility._Pros_-Makes you feel like a hacker-Cool retro cyberpunk feel-Intense. challenging, and fast-paced puzzles-Cool mechanics_Cons_-Lack of atmosphere while outside-Thats all I could think of, I haven't run into any bugs yet :)So far, i give this game a 7/10I HAVE NOT COMPLETED THE GAME, NOR AM I CLOSE TO BEATING THE GAME. THIS REVIEW IS MY FIRST IMPRESSION AND WILL BE UPDATED UPON COMPLETION.Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!|Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
76561198028021055,Not Recommended,240440,29529746,Posted: 27 January,all,cmmander4,"Initially felt very promising, but everything after the intro fell flat.Cons:No overarching story or subplots to follow, only out-of-place recreation sequences attempting to add depth to characters. Simplistic puzzles where the main mechanic appears to be speed running, pivoting around the gadget-of-the-day. No real depth to puzzles requiring a multitude of techniques to overcome, or replayability via trying different approaches. Perhaps most disappointing was the hacking element, which was really more of hacking theatre. Imagine driving a controller with command line inputs and that's the gist of it.Pros:A minimalistic art style paired with a music theme I highly enjoyed. Many of the stability issues seem to have been addressed.Recommendations:Hope for a writer & level designer + more time I suppose. With that, if you like feeling like a hacker and enjoy speedrunning, look for this on sale. If you're looking for good puzzle or coding elements keep moving."
,Recommended,240440,25802707,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,NaKuGaKa,love the gamebut tbh it is far to short :(i really hope this game gets a dlc with more maps and puzzels
76561198087715151,Recommended,240440,24523434,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,SAW12354,"I have been waiting for this game since playing Gravity Bone and her sister game Thirty Flights Of Loving. I am so glad he was able to finish development of the game. And may I say, this game is brilliant! It really does make you feel like a Cyber Punk hacker! I recommend playing this game as it is very entertaining. I hope to see more from Brendon Chung as he has very much impressed me with this game."
,Recommended,240440,24568458,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Da Inspektah,great game! too short
,Recommended,240440,27060315,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jewfro,"Fantastic game with well designed puzzles leaning towards the easier end, but the main mechanic frustrates easily. The need to pass every command as a line of code can really slow things down if your typing speed isn't great. Still greatly recommended though."
76561198058735554,Recommended,240440,24565857,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,The Trashman,"This is a very cool and interesting puzzle game, but it crashes A LOT. Parts of the game requires set up, timing, and waiting, which really takes away from the experience (when it crashes right before pay off). Ultimately, it's cool game, but, in its current state, not worth $20."
,Recommended,240440,24606715,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lanaaaaaa,after a long day at work nothing is more cathartic than throwing a computer around the room
76561198282547869,Recommended,240440,25946182,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,NyghtWolf  blw.tf,Pure fun.
,Recommended,240440,24533596,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,twizzlerdiddler,I've never played anything like this game. It allows you to control the world using simple commands that it teaches you throughout the game. Amazing atmosphere and new concept. Never played anything else like it.
,Recommended,240440,24659842,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,SpicyDisco ﾟ_ゝﾟ,Very stylish game bit short
,Recommended,240440,24719686,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Patrik Trotsky,You press Q to blink.This is the greatest game I've ever played.
,Recommended,240440,24608116,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Paheal's Wager,incredible
,Recommended,240440,24580037,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Watermelon,"I have been waiting for this release for many years, I watched the live streams and payed close attention to the development progress. Let me tell you this game was worth every moment of the wait! Buy it now! Can't wait to play more!"
,Recommended,240440,24584927,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,leader of antifa,execute function commands one heist at a time
76561197981316357,Recommended,240440,24584986,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Johnny Histone,Couldn't be happier - loved every second of it.
,Not Recommended,240440,24563710,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dennis,4 hour game for $20.
,Recommended,240440,24564729,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Kiperson23,Great game. I love the art style and the hacking asspect of the game.
76561198010962205,Recommended,240440,31416238,Posted: 28 April,all,Pichulonio,"Quadrilateral Cowboy unexpectedly became my favorite game in recent years.I think part of the reason why is that I didn't have very defined expectations. Another reason is that I've been pulled away from longer games simply because of circumstance. So you could say that what Quadrilateral Cowboy actually offered was exactly what I needed at the time of playing it. And what it offers is some of the most subtle, intimate storytelling in gaming intertwined with what I would also call subtle, intimate puzzles. Puzzles with clever solutions but in which the solution is not the most important element.The highlight of this game is the physicality of the objects you interact with. It is the internal consistency of the tools at your disposal. If it's true that the game never combines all it's elements to present you with truly complicated puzzle challenges (a la Portal, The Witness or Stephen's Sausage Roll), it is also true that the game doesn't really aim for that kind of brainteaser. It has just as much puzzle as is necessary to make you feel in it's world, breaking into things, hacking weird stuff, downoading brain content, sticking it up the corporate overlord. Even though many of the puzzles are  simple, I will never forget how they made me feel. As the story of the three girls progressed, I became part of this rag-tag band of absurd hacker-heros in a way that will stay with me for a long time.So that's why it has become a most memorable game for me. It is short and sweet. It is subtle and feels profound without posturing or ridiculous gestures of intellectual grandeur (looking at you, Bioshock Infinite). It has great gameplay that you can interact with at the pace of a narrative sensation that encompasses you (never do you need to stop and think for a duration of time in which you are no longer a character and become instead a solver, a detached entity with a notepad and a brain).It is little escapade into a world I wish existed. And I'm sad it doesn't."
,Recommended,240440,30908359,Posted: 2 April,all,Swalay,"Quadrilateral Cowboy is a great puzzle game, evoking (for me) elements of Portal, Talos Principle, as well as more simulation based experiences such as the recent indie title Jalopy (which you can tell I have also been playing recently).  Puzzle solving satisfaction emerges from the well constucted pacing of puzzle element introduction.  All this takes place in unique and stylized world that successfully mingling elements of Bladerunner, Robocop, Half-Life, and Snowcrash while contributing its own particular flair.  9/10"
,Recommended,240440,26649581,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Räuber Fotzenbox,Pretty ♥♥♥♥in good tho.Just sometimes I can't select my devices and have to restart the game.Bug or mistake?
76561198192030783,Recommended,240440,24575530,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Robbz,Good game! i like it:)
,Recommended,240440,35129221,Posted: 22 September,all,stromertrooper,"The game concept is fantastic and it's a great game and you should buy it. You can see I have 50 mins, this is because the game is not for me. I like to play games that require no learning curve, but in this game you learn lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥ So, it's not for me but I still like the concept of this game."
,Recommended,240440,28542197,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,brandon,"I found the game a little on the short side, but I love the concept and the puzzles were great fun."
,Recommended,240440,24529674,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,FakeSword,"Fantastic, can be a little on the short side but with mod support implemented there's plenty more to see"
,Recommended,240440,25067128,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Allus,"Here is a list of ways I can describe this game, in relation to other games:Like Blendo Games' other offerings, but with more structureLikePortal, but with more planning and more complex puzzlesLikeDigital: A Love Story, but hacking the real world instead of the GibsonIf the idea of keying up a batch script to disable an array of lasers in perfect sequence, or using a remote turret to hit a button through a grate in the ceiling, or catapulting yourself from building to building on blasts of air appeals to you, buy this game.  If the idea of carefully planning your escape, then executing it flawessly with a single command appeals to you, buy this game.If you read all this, and you still have no idea what's going on, buy it anyway, and see what you think.  If you don't like it, you can always return it."
,Recommended,240440,24536844,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,adisander,Fantastic. The puzzles are fun and satisfying and it perfectly nails the setting. This is a game I'll be recomending to just about everyone I know.
,Recommended,240440,24542160,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Harle,"I'll keep it simple;Great concept, good puzzles, great art design/atmosphere, smart story.It's a touch on the short side - I'd love to see bigger and more open-ended heists toward the end that better allow people to use their toolbox to create novel solutions to bigger puzzles. There's a ton of potential here for new levels, so hopefully either we'll get more from Blendo, or the modding community will step up and provide something.Either way, it wasn't unsatisfyingly short, and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys this sort of dynamic, computer-based puzzling and/or retro-futuristic atmosphere."
76561198025248408,Recommended,240440,24535045,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,bouboulus123,Great game! I loved every part of it.
,Recommended,240440,24796228,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,pacific00,"Let me start off by saying, Quadrilateral Cowboy is an amazing game and I love it! it simplifies the hacking aspect so that nearly anyone can get a grip of it very quickly while still keeping it complex enough at stages to make for an enjoyable game. The one major fault that stood out for me was how short that game was, this wouldnt be an issue if the game didnt cause a full £15. I, at time of writing, have played the game for a little over 4.2 hours (according to steam) and i have fully completed the game getting every achievement. I would absolutely recommend this game but, unless you really want to help the developers, do yourself a favour and wait till it goes on sale.TL;DRGreat game with some great mechanics, too short to be worth full price. Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,240440,24790074,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Slowbro,"It's a really fun puzzle game but a puzzle game in the same way Portal is, meaning it uses the mechanics of puzzles to actually narrate a story and construct a tone. The puzzles aren't super extremely difficult nor have multiple ways to solve them but they really function more for world building and character development. For a story without any diologue it does rather good job doing that. Brendon Chung definitely has a way of constructing stakes just through presentation an editing alone.And the puzzles are actually satifying to solve. I'm sure if you were acustomed to using DOS, the learning curve of typing commands to run programs will not take some getting use to. For someone born in 1991, like myself, it has a certain novelty to it and it is fun to get the hang of it after trial and error and learning shortcuts. All I can say is that for myself the game did a good job of making me feel like an elite super hacker.It's a nice bittersweet experience, like most of Brendon Chung's work. Its really cool to see him expanding the scope and refining his style with this game."
76561198023322903,Recommended,240440,25154965,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MaximumPowerGamer,"Quadrilateral Cowboy - The Setsuna Missions - With MaximumPowerQuadrilateral Cowboy is a single-player adventure in a cyberpunk world. Set in a strange demention of the 1980s, Quadrilateral Cowboy has you joining a gang of thieves who use there compurer hacking skills. Your main tool is a “hacking deck” that can manipulate the electronics around you, leveraging a basic, easy to learn programming language. As the game progresses, you get access to other tools, including programmable robots and guns.THis is a puzzle game where you use your computer, the deck looks like an MS DOS prompt 256k computer, a visual that will make the most sense to people who grew up with computers in the 80s and 90s. By typing in string of ""code' protocol to access remote computers, you can mess with the doors and objects to progress toward your goal. Though the game adds new and potentially interesting layers of complexity as the story moves forward.Quadrilateral Cowboy offers the player a truly unique experience. I enjoyed playing this game! Two tuumbs up!-- CONTACT MaximumPowerGamer --Subscribe ►http://www.youtube.com/c/MaximumPowerGamerFacebook ►https://www.facebook.com/MaximumPowerGamerTwitch ►http://www.twitch.tv/wes00001https://youtu.be/yjhYRYh1IzI"
,Not Recommended,240440,28168920,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,BoxDroppingManApe,"Gigantic waste of potential. The basic hacking and heist experience is fun, but it gets ruined by the addition of fiddly things like the weever and the launcher. The game never stops feeling like a tutorial. Buggy as hell - physics regularly malfunctioned, items disappeared, the deck interface would sometimes bug out, and crashes left and right. Lazy as hell art style and storytelling. I had been following this game for three years, and it's such a disappointment."
,Recommended,240440,24592556,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,mommy,This game was like masturbating. May seem frustrating at first but when you finish you feel great.
,Recommended,240440,31163964,Posted: 15 April,all,Trashcan Jack,"The kind of game you should store on a CD somewhere on a bookshelf.  Simply brilliant, yet short.Watch_dogs done right."
76561198182932007,Not Recommended,240440,32842999,Posted: 26 June,all,AstronautCat,"Super interesting ideas, over a jazzpunk aesthetic! This whole game seems like it could be pretty fun, however, I ultimately didn't feel like there was any engaging narrative or plot that made this interesting.I think the game as a whole is also marred by the noclip feature that's added on, because it makes the game feel a little too easy. This game, in my own personal opinion, isn't as funny or engaging as jazzpunk, and was wayy too long.That being said, the hacking mechanic is ♥♥♥♥ing genius, anyone who knows coding will surely get a kick out of this."
,Not Recommended,240440,24572053,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Crackie,"this game is way to easy, to short and overpriced. But i like the syntax idea but really hacking no."
,Recommended,240440,24568179,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Quadcow refuses to be tamed! It will ascend to the 14th palace of celestial omnipotence if it dang well pleases!!
,Not Recommended,240440,28863794,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,)(Wyatt)(,Pros:Great Game mechanicsCool Sounds---------------------Cons:Confusing storylineShort gameOverpriced
76561198015181545,Recommended,240440,29432901,Posted: 22 January,all,Mr. Tesla,Freaking love it. I will play every game this man makes.
,Not Recommended,240440,30282471,Posted: 2 March,all,Peanut366,"The game worked for a while, then when I shut it down and tried to replay it the launcher kept crashing.  I tried all recommended methods for fixing this, but none worked.  I contacted the company that made it, but still have not received a response."
76561198025285063,Recommended,240440,25469370,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,michdinkelts,I even shed a tear in the end.
,Recommended,240440,25849516,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,invapid,love it!
,Recommended,240440,30607939,Posted: 18 March,all,HackingFighter,"This is quirky, which I suppose makes up the other adjective I'd use to describe it. Which is tedious. Some of the puzzle really make you think and retrace your steps. Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,240440,24559369,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,drierplease,I've been following this game for a long time and it is everything I hoped it would be! Another awesome Blendo video game.
76561197960679399,Recommended,240440,24559973,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,father time,Very creative puzzle game.
,Recommended,240440,30628332,Posted: 19 March,all,教授 プロフェッサー,Professor Approved!
,Recommended,240440,32749812,Posted: 24 June,all,temdisponivel,Amazing game!
76561197995379773,Recommended,240440,24595864,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,manicxs,This is one of the most cyberpunk games I have ever played. It's a little bit buggy but nothing game breaking. Overall this is a great game.
,Recommended,240440,25772836,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ajdar Anık,I felt so guilty after finishing a pirated copy of this beautiful game that I had to buy it. I also did my first ever assignment in college on this game. It was about selecting a game and explaining why it's so unique and creative.Just buy the game. Even the kittens are enough of a reason on their own for you to buy it.
,Recommended,240440,24522645,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Antimaturity,Something weird and different. a great little game definetley worth picking it up! absolutely love it!!!
,Not Recommended,240440,25826950,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,WakaLaka,"It started out pretty cool with a nice atmosphere and fun first mission. Every chapter is basically an introduction to one new mechanic. But unfortunately the missions are pretty much based solely on that single mechanic. They don't build on top one another until the very last mission, which came way too quickly.There's also a couple chapters in the middle of the game where you don't even use your computer at all. That's the main draw to the game and then they completely get rid of it!Overall I would not recommend it, not at its current price point (I paid 22CAD)."
,Recommended,240440,24529181,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Xasaec,open doors better than the doctor's sonic screwdriver. 11/10 would unlock again
,Recommended,240440,24523916,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,gekodog,Blendo at its finest!
76561198172305450,Not Recommended,240440,24815888,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Lure77,The game has fun videos and pictures but it just dosent live up to my personal standard. I found it unengaging and not worth the money. It also felt as if it were lacking and not very complete.
,Recommended,240440,24546410,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Massy,"I'm in the mainframe. Hacking the planet. It might be a Unix system, but I don't really know what that is."
,Not Recommended,240440,35177173,Posted: 24 September,all,Tytanium,"I didn't enjoy it.Maybe it was because there was no tutorial?Maybe there was, and I just didn't notice.Maybe I was expecting something else.Either way, not the funnest thing I've played."
,Not Recommended,240440,24787927,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Gwynavaro,Uh has anyone encountered the problem when during the first satsuna job they press F4 and it quits the game? Cause that's been happening to me and apperently i can't continue
,Recommended,240440,31964414,Posted: 25 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
76561198043865385,Not Recommended,240440,24625352,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,quag returns,THEY ADDED ORANGES BUT YOU DON'T EVEN PEEL AND EAT THEM LIKE IN 30 FLIGHTS OF LOVING
,Recommended,240440,24529807,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Enbarr,"Robbed a bank.Celebrated it by playing badminton.10/10, would play badminton again."
,Recommended,240440,24789039,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Static Single Assignment,This game used dir/telnet instead of ls/SSH0/10Pros:Nice action&puzzle-solving game.Geek enough for meCons:Game is short. Story nearly doesn't exist
,Recommended,240440,24962035,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,dxSir,"I don't usually write reviews, but when I do..."
,Recommended,240440,24523173,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Dr. Spaceman,Played an interactive story where I was on a plane eating chili and then the plane exploded 10/10
76561197986442939,Recommended,240440,32282848,Posted: 8 June,all,nubcaik,:)
76561198044395827,Not Recommended,240440,24603318,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Iyashikei,Put it this way: somewhere there's a parallel universe where Quadrilateral Cowboy is a truly extraordinary game sorely lacking a tutorial.
,Not Recommended,240440,25810712,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Alpha Lesbian,this is NOT a hacking gamethis is a rob a bank with a computer simulatorwait scratch thatits a rob a bank simulator simulator becuase you character isn even physically at the place she commiting a crime! in game you go to a vr headset in game!For those of you looking for a hacker game like hacknet or uplinkturn back now
,Not Recommended,240440,26022633,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,EatBolt,"It is a very entertaining puzzle game. While it is not a strict ""terminal game"" you do use a command line to enter text commands throughout the game. I really wish I could recommend it, but with the non-stop issues I've been having, I can't, in good faith, do it.My only complaints are with the bugs I have run into while playing it. After running it for a couple of hours, the game will spontaneously lock up. Sometimes when I load the game it will load into a 640x480 window and freeze. And sometimes when I play, I am not able to cycle back through the keyboard commands without it also adding a carriage return. (IE, if my last command was ""test"" I should be able to hit the up arrow to get the ""test"" command line to appear in my current field--however, while it does bring up the ""test"" command it effectively hits <ENTER> executing the command by itself). Most of the time I can just cycle through all of my previous commands with no issues, but once this started happening, I have not been able to stop it from happening. I have posted these issues in the support forum, but have not received a single response.I'm sure it will all be patched and working in a few months and by then I can revisit it and (hopefully) change my recommendation."
,Recommended,240440,32876394,Posted: 27 June,all,KC,nutt
76561198174440881,Recommended,240440,29838163,Posted: 10 February,all,caterpillarteadreams,Just wow (will write something more elaborate later)
,Not Recommended,240440,24540855,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ohaisup #cooldude,Frame rate went to choppy chopsville the moment anything big happened in game (ie: riding the train in the intro)Then  game tries to be a portal rip off? What?Glad I got my refund.
,Recommended,240440,30404188,Posted: 8 March,all,Loch,"The game reminds me of the sort of ""programming"" I did when I was young. QBASIC or Lego Mindstorms sort of logic. Simple, straightforward, and powerful. It was great to see it in the conext of a retro, cyberpunk, puzzle game."
,Recommended,240440,30479602,Posted: 12 March,all,Banana Bread,9.5/10 Fantastic game with clever puzzels. You get through the puzzles by coding your way through and using gadgets to bypasss obstacles.
76561198079883481,Recommended,240440,24714918,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,!Based N00b!,Very creative. Very different. Very Nerdy. 10/10.Very small team (mostly Brendon) so very pleased with the finished product and what a small team can do.Telnet is fun.Blink is fun.Aimbot is fun.Weever/Weevil is fun.Nothing is not fun.All the hits hit home.The only complaints people have is that there isn't more in the game.I guess we'll just have to learn to mod and make our own...Like the hackers we are...
76561198028686433,Recommended,240440,24679731,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,bohopoet,"This is probably the most interesting games I've player in quite a while, both with it's unique aesthetic and unique gameplay mechanics.  The act of actually hacking in a terminal, in game, is incredibly satisfying and flexible as a puzzle mechanics.  I found myself wanting to create the fastest way of navigating through the levels, and seeing doors magically open for you after you perfectly timed your hack really cements the theme of being an ace hacker.  The story is also excellent, told without much text and no voice acting, but still gives you a great sense of character and development.The only thing dissapointing about this game is that there isn't more of it.  It seemed like the puzzles and levels could be expanded and iterated on to do some really cool things.  Fortunately there's good mod support, so I look forward to seeing what the community creates and I'll probably give it a shot myself.  Overall, one of the coolest game experiences for me in recent memory."
76561197961640572,Recommended,240440,24762399,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Oddball,"This is a wonderfully fun marriage of a hacking game and a heist game.  The mechanics are clever, the puzzles fun, and the mission locations interesting.  There's a minimal story included that is told mostly through environment, and there are several well-done ""wow"" moments to be had.My only complaint is the duration of the game.  I don't mind short games if they tell the story they need to tell and then stop, but Quadrilateral Cowbow really cries out for more levels and more complex puzzles.  If there was additional content, this would be an easy recommendation.  As it stands, though, I think I can only recommend it to people who are really on-board with the concept.  It's very fun, and I loved it, but QC left me wanting more content."
,Recommended,240440,24625587,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,FortyPoundBaby,"EDIT: The creator has announced free levels coming soon, time will tell if they will be worth it!Short and sweet, but with an amazing mechanic that ultimately leaves the playerEXTREMELYdissapointed.This game has probably my favorite game mechanic, ever. Its magical and very customizable, which COULD lead to insanely creative ways to solve the games many levels. Which leads us to the problem: there aren't that many levels, and it feels like the levels were created with only one or two solutions in mind. The levels are so simple, and segmented, so it doesn't feel like there is much synergy. You can't really chain things together outside the moments, you can tell, that you were explicitly supposed to; except for a few occations (and in my opinion are the best moments of the game, really, pure joy) here and there.It's like all the effort went into the story and the mechanic, and none into level design. Which is insanely dissapointing, because it would be the best game I've ever played if a little more polish was put into it.My number one example for this, is the two person heist mechanic, where you have two characters who you can sync up with your watches, planning each move carefully, but then its over. Boom, 2 or 3 levels and we never see it again.Essentially the tutorial to use this mechanic is the duration you get to enjoy the mechanic.Really though, thats how the whole game feels, by the time you have really gotten to use the equipment well, you are done and wont play the game again.You can tell a lot of love was put into this game, and you can see from my playtime I have loved this game, but it leaves so much to be desired. Most of my time was spent seeing if I could unlock ""the rest of the game"", praying it was hidden.If the dev ever announces that they are going to hire a level designer to make a second story, or just a puzzle mode where you play several levels during the at least 25 year gap between the beginning and end, I will recommend the game. For now I don't want to let people get as let down as I was, even if the first 4 hours were amazingly fun."
,Recommended,240440,24748496,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Walker,"Fun mechanics, engaging story, and while low budget the visuals have a charm to them. Just wish there was more freedom in how you used your tools during missions. It became very linear in the later levels, a disappointment considering the array of different gadgets you carry. Would still highly recommend this game though, had a great time playing through it."
76561198034327054,Recommended,240440,24768448,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Thumbtax,"Quadrilateral Cowboy was an absolute joy. Heists, hacking and a heart-wrenching and beautiful finale. The only negative thing about this game is that it isn't longer."
,Recommended,240440,25354680,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,neonblurb,"This is one of the most fun and unique games I've played on Steam! It's an abstract puzzler with a really unique aesthetic and clever game mechanics that leave you feeling satisfied for figuring out and solving the puzzles.  It rewards exploration and observation; there are plenty of nice touches and cool details and references all over the game that I loved and really added to the surreal 1980s cyberpunk atmosphere.If I had to level a criticism at this game as it stands, I think some of the levels could do with a bit more depth - each level is quite short and perhaps the clever mechanics deserve to be explored further.  I think there is a good chance that mods and community levels will keep the game fresh after finishing the campaign.A great effort and I am very content having paid full price for what is a really fun and unique game."
76561198022357100,Recommended,240440,25291291,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,deps,Great game! But I wish it was a bit longer.
,Recommended,240440,25534775,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,smallerestdongerest,g3t h4ck3d!!1+b3c0m3 A l33t h4x0r
,Recommended,240440,25212375,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,PhyaFight,"This game is great - it introduces u to new ideas and machanics through the game - and the attention to detail is amazing.All it needs are more missions and hopefully with the added income chung gets, he'll make dlc's or updates (hopefully)."
76561197990824434,Recommended,240440,25051358,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Oscar,"A bit expensive for a 3-4h game. Really fun if you enjoy coding and puzzle games (a bit too easy maybe ?).So much more could have been done with all the tools they give you, but at least there is no redudancy."
,Recommended,240440,25720550,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Lmod,"Man oh man I love this game.It is definitely not for everyone, but for some of you this will be the most satisfying game you will play.  The artwork is fantastic; zaney, techy and surreal, very reminiscent ofJazzpunk, a style that I'm pretty crazy for.On top of that, there's some mild in-game programming.  It's a simplified command line (MS-DOS) and doesn't require any coding experience, but if you do have some previous exposure you may have fun writing some recursive batch files, at your own risk that is :)Only draw back to this fantastic game is that it's a bit short (i.e. it's exactly like Jazzpunk).  My play through was a little shy of 8 hours, though I think for others it may be a little shorter as I like to really take in the scenery and perfect my solutions to games like this.TL;DR - This game is a work of art, and like all art some people will appreciate it more than others.  For some it will be the best game ever, while others may hate it.  My advice? Give it a shot!"
,Recommended,240440,25682362,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,MostlySilent,"This game is pretty good. (Really thats all I can say.) Though a little short for the price. I'm pretty sure that there are going to be more future updates, and there is a workshop. If they impliment a map making system into the game I can really see the workshop taking off."
76561197998504701,Recommended,240440,25677334,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,General Nate,"Short game of maybe a few hours, but a lot of fun. Good puzzles that really made you think, but not overly convoluted. Graphics are obviously not the draw. The game for me was a mix between Portal and a hacking sim."
76561198044267747,Recommended,240440,25677410,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Salt Packet,"By far the most original game I have ever played. If you want a breath of fresh air, look no further. I may be overreacting a bit, it has its flaws (not very long) but something about the game's fantastic atmosphere, story, and creative gadget-based puzzles just makes me want to praise it as much as possible. Please enjoy this wondeful game & support its developers, because if this is a good example of what they will do in the future, the Steam store is going to get a lot more creative."
76561198074763789,Recommended,240440,25647095,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Da Fancy Antelope,"Fantastic game, probably my favourite gaming experience of 2016.However, I can definitely understand the criticisms. It really does feel like each new awesome gadget is not really used in its fullest, with only about one level featuring each one. However, this can only change when the workshop becomes more popular. Even with these problems, I can fully reccomend this."
76561197995563410,Recommended,240440,24751812,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,[ĜĞ] Locke,"Fun heist game with coding elements.  Short, but I liked it, 4 hours of game time including reading the dev commentary."
76561197980482234,Recommended,240440,24695121,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BtB,"Loved the game.As people have noted, it's not really a puzzle game like most others. Mechanics are introduced and discarded frequently.It is, however, a heist game. There's a decent amount of linear hand-holding, but unintended paths are generally not penalized, and sometimes finding the strange, unintended way is more fun than the straightorward route.It does seem modding is planned, but I don't see any real support at this time. If more levels can be generated by the community, I see this having a good chunk of staying power."
,Recommended,240440,24703229,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Unnecessary Dairy Overlap,clever little heist-em-up. loveley motif. give it a try
,Recommended,240440,24589204,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,AgentOrange,"I've watched and waited for a long time. Its everything I wanted it to be and more, Love it."
,Recommended,240440,24540851,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,LimEJET,"A finely crafted puzzle-adventure that's unfortunately a little shortQuadrilateral Cowboy is a retro-cyberpunk heist/hacking game. If you want to compare it to something, think Thief and Uplink meshed together.As with all Chung's games, it's got a quirky, simplistic aesthetic that lends more focus to the narrative than the environments. The game is set during a retro-futuristic 1980 with airships, space elevators and oversized ventilation shafts.The basic gameplay consists of lugging around a chunky Osbornesque ""portable"" computer and using it to hack into security systems to open doors and windows, turn off laser grids and cameras, and so on. The computer lets you set up sequences of commands to create small scripts, optimally letting you simply walk through a building while doors and alarms toggle around you. I'd loved if this concept had been explored more, since only the last mission starts to approach the complexity I expected.The most complex thing you do consists of toggling four lasers after eachother with the little walking robot.I chalk this down to the game being too short. Chung's games tend to go in the ""short and sweet"" category, and narratively Quadrilateral Cowboy works perfectly in its three-to-four hour playtime. Mechanically, I was left wanting more.The story is fun, the characters are quirky and characterful (despite not saying anything), the gadgets have great potential that isn't fully realized, and there's apparently mod support out of the gate (makes sense considering the engine is open-source).I tihnk the mods might make this game really great. As it is now, it's simply very good.It's a Brendon Chung game. Buy it if you like his game. Buy it if you liked Thief or Uplink.Basically buy it. It'll only get better."
,Recommended,240440,24616771,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,.png,"I'm a big fan of Thirty Flights of Loving and Gravity Bone so i've been excited for this for while but I have to say I'm left a touch disappointed with it. The hacking mechanics work well and it has a quirky comic book vibe that's coupled with a lot of weird and wonderful set-design. The story is lovely too: a minimal tale about three wistful, nerdy friends just hanging out and hacking some. Unfortunately, it never builds into anything specific and ends up feeling a lot like a prologue for another game; one I’d definitely play if it ever came out. I do like the idea of constructing a game out of vignettes though, so I definitely await whatever project Brendon Chung comes up with next. If you like the idea of hacking and are big into, I don't know, something like Wes Anderson movies then I reckon you'll really dig it this, flaws and all."
,Recommended,240440,24620346,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,anyd0zrs,"This is a very fun game even if its a bit short, I look forward to more mods being available as I think this game has wonderful modding potential.It is worth the price if you are into cyberpunk/hacking games, although I would keep in mind this game is very different than what you are probably use to from that genre.The best comparison I can make is to the game else.heart(break) but the scripting in this game is more simple and limited.All around I would give it a 9/10."
76561198008302916,Recommended,240440,24622211,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,dirtyCAT,Absolute gold.The simplistic graphics are dripping with style and intentionally focus gameplay on the puzzles and hacking mechanics which are paced flawlessly.Not like anything i have played before.
,Recommended,240440,24601717,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Freaky Drunk,"Loved it. Great gameplay, great art style, great story."
,Recommended,240440,24602269,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ⱴ,"If you've ever seen the movie Hackers, that's the vibe of this game. You are a hacker in a cyberpunk setting who uses various techniques and tools to perform heists in various settings. The puzzles feel just right and the introduction of new tools over time are done at just the right time. After each heist plan it reveals a little bit more of the story and the world in general without a single word of dialogue. The overall execution is very well done."
76561198140574842,Recommended,240440,24600292,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sicilica,"All of the flavor of 30 Flights and Gravity Bone mixed with an extremely clever puzzle game. Plays a lot like any of the ""programmer"" puzzlers out there, but strikes a fantastic balance. It's approachable enough that someone who has never touched programming still won't have any trouble understanding exactly how to solve the puzzles, but it has enough depth to allow a lot of automation if you want to reach for the top of the leaderboards.The only downsides for me were the length (it's really short, but it might have some replay value if you want to speedrun, and it's open to modding so hopefully some community level packs will emerge) and some of the midgame levels are ""meh"" ( personally, I thought thelevels where you control multiple characterswere extremely boring and linear).The pricepoint is a little high for the length of the game, but you won't find anything else quite like it."
,Recommended,240440,24600552,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,MagicCookie,"I usually never write reviews (I know, it's a cliche) but I had to write one for this game, is very fun, especially if you love cladenstine/hacking type things, if you played Hacknet (which if you like hacking games it is a must, super fun and mostly realistic) it is like that, but you move around and aren't just using a terminal remotely, you go fromplace to place using your terminal on the fly and after each location (each location has 3 jobs in it) you get new gear to help you along) the story so far is fairly good (I am not far so I cannot say much about the story) the game is very ""figure it out, do it however you want, there are no guidelines"" style, which works phenomenally. I could go on all day about this game, if you love hacking/secret spy type breaking in and not being detected/not setting off alarms while using state-of-the-art equiptment, this game couldn't be better.Keep in mind that this game is not like TIS-100, you are not re-programming the game or coming up with complex solutions, you are using ingenuity and simplicity to solve the puzzles (like a real hacker does (I personally am a Penetration tester/white hat hacker)) I love this game for that, I have been waiting on a long, fun, accurate hacking game since I played and re-played Hacknet; this game, is that game.TLDR: If you enjoy simplicity over complexity (Portal because it didn't have 20 portals), inginuity over complexity, and hacking/cladenstine type operations, than this game is for you."
,Recommended,240440,24603895,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Han-Tyumi,"I don't review games often, but this game is absolutely amazing.My expectations just keep getting blown away again and again."
,Recommended,240440,24599109,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,MikeASchneider,"Quad Cow stands with with Portal, Talos Principle, and The WItness as one of the great first person puzzle games. I really hope the modding scene takes off!"
,Recommended,240440,24552244,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Classipling Depressionism,"This was hands down THE best game I have played this 2k16, and was possibly the best puzzle/adventure/hacking game I've ever played. If you had asked me a day or so ago what my favourite puzzle game was; I would tell you the portal series. Now, it would be Quadrilateral Cowboy. no question.The story was simplistic, yet beautiful and oddly touching. I felt myself grow attached to my group of friends,  though a single word was never spoken.The ""Hacking"" mechanics were easy to use, and even easier to learn. Unlike a majority of well known hacking games, you actually type commands, rather than 'click' them. Don't expect these commands to come in handy in real life, but in the context of the game it felt empowering and, well, awesome.  The gadgets were simply F***ing awesome, and some of the 'abilities' you pick up later on are pretty cool too. My only complaint was that the game ended feeling too short, even though in truth I had played for 7 hours. I suppose that is the hall mark of fun, though. Time flies when you're having it.The technology had a retro feel to it, which was, to put it simply, delicious. I've never had more fun typing on a clunky old keyboard, inserting cassette tapes, or hooking a telephone line to my laptop.If you haven't played this yet, do. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,240440,24552653,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Abusfad,"beautifully visionary and super fun.Can't wait to be mapping for this.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=701335671Playing a bit slowly and investigating details, replaying some missions for a better time score, I finished the game in 6 hours.Very recommended, support this awesome dude and yourself and buy this."
76561197972445885,Recommended,240440,24562017,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Father Time,"Great story, design, and gameplay. 4.7 out of 5 stars only because it took 2 (short) days to beat and the glitches that weren't fixed before I beat the game."
76561198091845823,Recommended,240440,24608147,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,bentley,"While I don't want to diminish Brendon Chung's own artistic style, I find that the simplest way to describe Quadrilateral Cowboy is to say that it is cyberpunk with a heavy Wes Anderson flavor. Modernist visuals are skillfully blended with the attitudes of cyberpunk to make a universe that is truly fun to play in and examine.You play as one of the members of a three-woman tech contractor firm which specializes in performing high-tech theft. You use a variety of black-market cyber tools to solve puzzles in order to steal whatever you've been paid to. During the breaks between jobs you have the opportunity to learn more about the personalities and histories of the other characters, adding an emotional dimension to the game without using dialogue.Chung has also made an introductory guide for making mod levels for QC to accompany the game and it seems he is planning to update it further to answer questions people are having, which I really appreciate.My main complaint is that it feels far too short. I really kept wanting to be able to see more of QC's world after it ended. But overall I truly enjoyed playing it. The high point of the game, for me, was being tasked with making digital copies of the brains of coma patients in a clinic floating in space."
76561198148303964,Recommended,240440,24624002,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,hey migeual,"This game was a hell of a lot of fun and I'd recommend it to anyone who likes puzzle games. It's a little on the shorter side, but the puzzles are all very creative."
,Recommended,240440,24627667,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Hobroski,"Quadrilateral Cowboy is an aesthetically pleasing addition to the cyberpunk genre. It poses interesting hacking-based puzzle levels interposed by intriguing and charming vignettes in a domestic and oddly comforting atmostphere. A great, short experience balancing narrative with byte-size hacking-based puzzles."
,Recommended,240440,24626620,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,fuzzy-logic,The first couple missions are a little simple but the game progressively gets quite entertaining. Poking around on the deck seems ot have paid off sofar.
,Recommended,240440,24592942,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,"yes, this is tim","Unparallelled worldbuilding, unparallelled puzzle design, unparallelled amounts of polish in places where you really wouldn't expect there to be polish. The puzzles unfold in that beautiful way that's always only the tiniest step ahead of you, tickling your cranium. The pretty sights and sounds you're seeing are surprising and unique, which is good, but when you're solving these puzzles you have moments when you realize you justthoughtof something exciting and unique, which is truly marvelous.Downsides: There are a few bugs and stability issues (though the game autosaves often enough it was never very frustrating). It's something to note, and it's disappointing, but it's not a deal-breaker. And, yes, like everyone else, I wish it were fifty hours long. Oh, well. It's certainly worth the twenty bucks - you can easily see the love and devotion that Brendon Chung put into every tiny detail over the long years this game was in development."
76561197992180779,Recommended,240440,24589328,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,fODDER,Just finished it. Short and sweet.  Had a great time playing through.
,Recommended,240440,24536850,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,geordietony,"This will be a changing review as I continue to play.I've played just over an hour now and early impressions are very good, stylish, brilliant game mechanics and overall I was left with a smile on my face.  This is the hacking game i've been waiting for.The price does seem a little high though is maybe my only concern as it may put some people of which would be a shame.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qc0ncXsVDXY"
,Recommended,240440,24567438,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Avenger,Bought this game almost on impulse and was not disappointed.It's beautifully executed (don't let the blockheads fool you) and solving the different puzzles is highly satisfying.Also excited to see a content update just two days after release... Oranges count as content.
76561198072438429,Recommended,240440,24538494,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Asriel Dreemurr,Just beat this twice and i really really love this game and i'm looking forward to the maps people will make. Good Job Brendon
76561198038866086,Recommended,240440,24549659,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Gluttony Slim,"Play this game. It's really that simple.I think Thirty Flights left a bad taste in some people's mouths for being short and disjointed and while I loved the game for exactly those reasons, it's totally understandable. This is not that game. In truth, this is probably more like Portal than it is like Thirty Flights. Sure, the cube headed heist team is back, but the mechanics themselves are brilliant and satisfying, the puzzles are exactly that Portal-esque layering of teaching you different techniques and allowing you lightbulb moments.Not sure what my final time ended up being. ~5 hours, I think, and I'll likely play it again to improve a few of those level scores and read more of those hilarious object labels.Brendon, if you read this, thank you."
,Recommended,240440,24531590,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Zephomet,"They told me I could hack the world in a retro-futuristic cyberpunk setting and I actually did it!But seriously, if you like: programming, Thirty Flights of Loving, all girl hacker teams, funny names, chili, cyberpunk, and environmental storytelling- I would seriously recommend this.PRO TIP: you can look around while decking."
,Recommended,240440,26949924,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,This American Crux,"This game features unique gameplay, visual design, and ideas. However, its stand-out feature for me is its subtle storytelling which must be found by the player and is endearing without resorting to cliched devices.Its shortcoming is that the levels feel too simple leaving the game very short of its potential. This simplicity can be blamed on the fact that little is done to combine the mechanics which are gradually taught as the game progresses. It is as if you are learning to be a magician but instead of combining the new tricks you master to perform more daring and difficult tasks, you're simply learning one new trick while almost entirely abandoning the previous one."
,Recommended,240440,27356606,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,La Fantasma Grande,It's better than a kick to the head.
,Recommended,240440,27284534,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,UnkeptRoadRash,"This game was absolutely amazing. I play it off and on, but the story was just so great. This game is a little gem all on its own. The amount of control you actually have on objects in a level is so awesome! Definitely recommend a playthrough. 10/10"
,Recommended,240440,27297491,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dee_dubs,"While I would have liked a few more ""endgame"" levels that took advantage of all the different puzzle elements, this is still a beautiful game with some amazing environmental storytelling."
76561198084672295,Recommended,240440,26783589,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Anonmare,"A very fun and intuitive game that's over way too soon. I really enjoyed the mechanics and gadgets that the game uses and figuring otu the solution to a puzzle iis extremely satisfying.However, the game as a whole suffers from being way too short and lacking in content and desperately needed more levels, a challenge mode or even DLC or a level editing/sharing platform. There was never a point in the game where everything you learned was put to the test and it ends rather anti-climatically.I'd recommend this game if you have the money to spare but don't excpet anything grand."
,Recommended,240440,26893130,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Felix,"Very unique gameplay although it's a little on the short side. Story is sparse but it goes some fun places. The world, the gameplay, and all the little quirks are more than enough to earn a hearty recommendation from me."
,Recommended,240440,26832828,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nelsormensch,Blendo's best game and that's god damn saying something.
,Recommended,240440,26862894,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Nightman,Great game with an interesting style. Only downside is you gain all these neat tools to use throughout the game but can only use them all on the last couple of levels.
76561198063650348,Recommended,240440,24582936,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,joelanderssonswe,"I had a wonderful time hacking my way through the heist missions in Quadrilateral Cowboy. It is a game that challenge you to master some simple console commands and make it feel rewarding when used to solve the puzzles. As the story goes on you regularly obtain new equipment to play with as well. I was also a bit touched by the cool characters and their stories. Plus there is an awesome store owner, best since RE4. :)This goes right up there among my favorite games of 2016, right behind The Witness. A very strong PC-title.+ Fun ""programming-gameplay"" with challenges that feels rewarding to solve+ Not too long+ Lovely design and retro-feeling, both in terms of graphics and sound"
76561198024183143,Recommended,240440,28772666,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,saemideluxe,"Great game except a little short for the price. Perfect mix of ""hacking"" simulation, adventure and puzzles."
,Recommended,240440,28801889,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,fiono,"I loved the aesthetic and flow of Thirty Flights Of Loving but I wasn't sure it would translate to fun gameplay in a more serious game, so I was really pleasantly surpised by the open and engaging puzzle style in Quadrilateral Cowboy. The cinematic style and funny, beautiful moments of exploration from Blendo's previous games are still there but the game is super playable and dynamic and really fun."
,Recommended,240440,24632050,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Razaniel,"It's cheap, it's short, it's a bit buggy at times but it's one hell of a good time. Seriously, I love this game from the bottom of my heart. Complete recommendation from me!"
,Recommended,240440,33205438,Posted: 3 July,all,micro,"Great style, lovely characters, world and feel. Love the first person and VR-ish bent. Developer is super responsive in the community. Really good replay value as this is the first game whose time-trials actually felt like an accomplishment of both programming ability, planning and movement."
,Recommended,240440,30347951,Posted: 5 March,all,alley cat,Beautifully subtle
76561198067499546,Recommended,240440,25370012,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ray Romano,"I can praise this game all I want, but ultimately your enjoyment of QC will depend on how much you like coding. At times the game's systems require tedious fiddling but overall I would recommend it in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,240440,30087773,Posted: 21 February,all,Seduce Me!,"For a game that lasts a few hours it is surprsingly atmospheric and a whole lot of fun. There isn't a large story besides what you piece to gether from photographs or scraps of paper, but it somehow managed to have an oddly touching ending.If something new like this is worth the money, then pick it up."
,Recommended,240440,29745478,Posted: 6 February,all,luvcraft,"Fabulous game!Typical Blendo Games feels (Gravity Bone, Thirty Flights of Loving), plus great gameplay! And hax!"
,Recommended,240440,33549316,Posted: 14 July,all,Beeh,"This game was very suprising. It might not look like too much from the pictures and explanation, but this game can actually tell a story and provide some fun gameplay without even having the characters speak to you. You can actually get an idea of the characters backstory through the images and cutscenes. The gameplay was fun, and requires a good amount of tact. Absolutely loved it."
,Recommended,240440,34559717,Posted: 28 August,all,Nigel,"Best programming game I played in a while. Just wished it had more content, but as always, Blendo Games creating amazing games with fantastic design overall <3 <3"
,Recommended,240440,33542364,Posted: 14 July,all,bassweasplash,i  mannige to make it work had to delete doomconfig.cfg
,Recommended,240440,34225115,Posted: 13 August,all,Dragon X,"This game was brilliant, the coding is intuitive and the levels are all well designed, If I had a complaint about the game itself its that it isnt long enough. I really wish this game had a bigger workshop community because I would love to play more levels."
76561198067939970,Recommended,240440,34264623,Posted: 15 August,all,Ironious,"Great game with almost entirely environment based story telling. Made me a bit motion sick, but the challenging puzzles and inovative design made it worth it."
,Recommended,240440,34624886,Posted: 30 August,all,Coja,"This game has a really cool concept. You type in commands and control different kinds of devices. There are a few ways to solve the different puzzles. My only problem is with how short it is. It introduces a concept, there is one level that showcases that feature and then it moves on. After a few hours, you're introduced to all the concepts and then the game ends. There seems to be a couple features that the game never brings up that I never found a use for. Like the weevil magnet. I never used this, and I'm not sure why it is in the game. The story is kind of interesting, it's a few friends working towards something. To be honest though, I was mostly just interested in solving the puzzles and wasn't paying attention to what the overall plot was.If 3-5 hours of chill out puzzle solving is worth whatever price this is at the time, get it. But that's all you're getting. It seems like this was expected to take off with user made mods in the steam workshop, but there's nothing there a year after release."
