user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197999018200,Recommended,240760,23214763,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Lord Azlan,"IntroductionWhat do Duran Duran, toaster repairing and a post nuclear wasteland all have in common?Around 1988 I played Wasteland 1 on a C64. It was a cross between Bards Tale 1 type combat with Ultima IV type world movement. It was one of the first games to include a persistent world. The manual asked you to create a copy of the game disks so that choices and consequences you experienced during the game were saved. If you suspected your entire party was going to be wiped out or a gaming catastrophe was imminent and tried pulling out the floppy – it failed.You were prompted to read chapters of text from a booklet at key points in the game to further the storyline. Wasteland 1 was released in a world without many hard drives so computer memory was restricted. The story booklet also provided a form of copy protection. The developers included fake text to give cheaters a hard time and prevent players from reading ahead and discovering the plot.Time passes and its now 2015. It fascinates me that I have read reviews about Wasteland 2 from RPG “experts” who were not even alive in 1988. It’s been a long time. Reading these thoughts from youngsters about a sequel to a game they have never played was slightly interesting and mostly offensive. Saying that, I know nostalgia can be a powerful thing. I am glad that the passage of time has faded my memory. Some days I believe any old game released in the 1985-1995 period was a great game as there wasn’t many around. Or more accurately I could not afford that many – heck I was in school. Just look at me now with Steam or GOG – I don’t even have to leave my mother’s basement :)WL2 is set in Arizona after a nuclear event destroyed much of civilisation. It is a RPG where you can control a party of four rookie desert rangers that have been asked to investigate the murder of a veteran named Ace. As your progress through the game you can recruit NPCs that join your party who bring along their own skillsets. Lacking a medic in your party? Recruit a Doctor. 15 long years have passed since WL1.Character designWhen you begin a new game you can create a party from scratch or import and amend existing rangers. In an attempt to show traditional RPG credentials – the developers have given each character seven attributes using the CLASSIC method (never heard of it either – hardly classic). These include Strength, Intelligence and Awareness.Interestingly Luck and Charisma also appear. These two seem to be a throwback to D&D and live gaming with a Dungeon Master. Developers seem to struggle finding a real use for them and most players will therefore roll a low score in these to obtain higher scores in Strength, Endurance etc. I would have preferred a more balanced approach regards the attributes so that they were all equally important depending on the build or concept for that character.It’s almost become fact now that Intelligence is the most important attribute in WL2 as that determines the ability to learn skills. Pretty soon it becomes apparent that unlike many RPGs your attributes do not always link with or enhance your skills. For example a character with 1 ST can be highly skilled and effective in a skill called Brute Force. This disparity is not quite fatal but a poor show nevertheless.The skillset of your characters are the key factor in determining on whether you will be successful – at anything. The skills are divided into three groups, general, weapon and knowledge and each has ten levels of expertise. There are far too many for any one character or party of four to excel at everything. You need a plan.If you want to recruit other party members beyond your base four – learn the Leadership skill as that improves their combat abilities and keeps them in check.If you prefer to shoot first and chat later – you may want to ditch the three conversation skills.Over my 100 hours of game time – I found that levelling is quite generous and any reasonable INT team member would gain sufficient skill points over the game. I also found that combat skills and ‘how to open stuff’ skills were used 95% of the time.Skills such as Animal Whisperer, Alarm Disarming and Surgeon were hardly required. The Toaster Repair skill just seemed to be included without much thought and relied heavily on pre-game knowledge. For example, if you fixed a toaster in day 5 of gaming and subsequently acquired an item, that same item would only be of value if you happen to have it in your inventory on day 55. Items from toasters are not marked as quest items. Poor show.Game EngineThe game engine has a two-fold approach. Movement across the world map is a 2D affair – think Indiana Jones in his airplane. 95% of the game is top down, 2.5D isometric movement with a camera that can zoom out and turn left or right. Graphics were sufficient and I cannot remember any bugs or glitches. Sometimes the game would slow down a trifle in heavy combat or densely populated areas.The local map representation of towns and places you visit is just diabolical. I struggled to find any use for it apart from seeing where your party is in relation to your entry point. For some reason the developers camouflaged the entries/exits to buildings and other locations on the local map so it takes the gamer about 50 hours to even realise they are there. Not fantastic. I thought we were going back to Wasteland of 1987 – not some crappy game from 1957. Ask the developers when Ultima Underworld was released – for goodness sake!SummaryThere are a lot of things wrong with this game. I would really like to know if players spent more time on opening things or in the dialogue system. I would like to know why in the Rail Nomad area I had to criss-cross the various maps about 100 times.I want to know why the local map is crap.Looking back to all the press about it, I wonder about the ‘choice’ you are given at the beginning of the game and why so many journalists sang its praises from high.I couldn’t remember which items emerged from toasters.Then I met Simon Le Bon in a random encounter that was Hungry Like a Wolf and then Frankie told me to Relax. Then my heart just melted away and this somewhat not that bad game became something special.I really enjoyed storytelling for once even though some of it was boring and mundane.I really enjoyed building up my team of four and wanted them to do well. I watched over them, groomed them and bent them to my will. I was proud each time the radio sent me a message back promoting them in the field of operations.I spent 100 hours on this game to completion and the only reason I didn’t do another playthrough was because I have some urgent business working through a list of 71 other decent games."
76561198075283768,Recommended,240760,32332427,Posted: 10 June,all,ThePo1ntMan,"The first time I played Wasteland 2 was when it was initially released and filled with bugs. After a couple hours I lost interest and uninstalled the game. Fast forward almost three years later, and I decided to fire it up again and test out the new ""director's cut"". And I'm glad I did. As I am taking summer courses and have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of free time, this game is perfect. I've always been a fan of the Fallout series and of post-apocalyptic games in general, so W2 fit right in.My favorite feature in W2 is the party system. When you begin, you can completely customize up to four Rangers, choosing from loads of skills and weapon proficiencies. On top of this, as you progress through the game, you can recruit up to three more companions who can switch in and out of your squad as you see fit. Each companion has a unique skillset and adds their opinion on what is happening around them, adding depth to the game.Next is the complete freedom of choice. Each encounter can be played out differently. Each quest has multiple sides you can join. Or if you want to just kill everyone, you can do that too. (Red Skorpions..)The game really took off for me when I reached the second chapter, in an entirely new area. At this point, I had a seven-member killing machine that left corpses of the wicked and grateful smiles of the innocent behind it. This new area is ten times more of a mess than the one you leave behind, and the difficulty noticably ramps up. But so does the fun.The only weak points I can think of are that using skills are a bit slow, navigating the map can be frustrating, and the first area gets boring after a while. Other than these issues, the characters, locations, and story are enough get you addicted almost right off the bat.I'll give it a 9/10. Essentially it's a slower, more complex XCOM game. If you're a die hard turn-based party RPG fan like me, buy it, you won't regret it. If you're on the fence, just wishlist it and wait for a sale.But either way, don't hesitate, because the wasteland needs you!!"
,Recommended,240760,9318740,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,AndriOdPanda,"I want to start this off with this comment; the game is currently in beta. That said, I am sure you have read that multiple times now through the various posts. So, where to start?PROS:--Character customization and looks in game.--Story is great thus far.--Combat will be great once game is complete.--Graphics / audio / and interface thus far are all great.--Gameplay is sweet. I said it may not be for everyone because combat is tactical / turn. So, think back old school with X-Com. I love that part of it, personal opinion.--Combat animations / effects are sweet.--Choice and consequence are a part of this game. You save someone from drowning, his parents offer him to you as an added party member if you want. Plenty of characters to change up the party.--Different skills are used for different things. Obviously, ha ha. Those chances to use the skills on a frequent basis are not persistent in other games. There are a lot of opportunity to use each skill you have in your party. I like that.--A TON of interactions within the world. Be it digging stuff up, repairing gadgets, even down to repairing toasters, ha ha! (definitely have someone in your party that can repair them, because you never know what's stored in one!)--Completed game will hands down be great.CONS:--Loading a save will often change the portrait of your character(s) if they are created from scratch. A minor annoyance, unless you get into combat, then you have to go by name. Or, if you made a guy and your portrait is now a gal.--Combat, sometimes, can be a bit.. Interesting. You have a sniper, that has 0.0% chance of hitting a target. That same target now moves behind cover, and you now have an 80.00% chance to hit.--Combat again, some enemies have ridiculous move / attacks. They will move across the screen, attack you twice, then move again... BETA, remember. It will frustrate / annoy you though, ha ha.--Make sure you get a dedicated surgeon / healer. I roamed around for a bit trying to find someone that could heal my wounds, to no avail.--There are times when walking around on the world map you are accosted by bandits, raiders, whatever, only to enter combat (if you choose) and find everything dead. Good for the free loot, bad because you never know what will really happen!--The game crashes from time to time AFTER combat is completed.--Some game choices have to be made on the spot, you do not have a lot of time to fart around and trying to figure the puzzle out. You take your time, (drowning boy for example,) he will die. Some people may not like that part.--With no tutorial yet, character creation can be.. difficult.--Finally; some characters you may spec for conversation bonus dialogues, sale prices, et-cetera. Once you enter dialogue, there is no way to change who is talking, so in cities, towns, you want to lead the party with the talker if that is your thing.Fans of Fallout 1 and 2 need to play this game, awesome on so many levels! There's real consequences for your actions, believable dialogue, survival based resource alocation (water), and toasters!What to say about this game, there really is nothing else to say but for you the reader to choose do you want that really nice mouse or keyboard or do you want a peice of history... I am from Canada and @ $59.99 its worth every penny, from the short 10 hrs i have played of this game... see my person reaction to all sorts of game including this one @Live Streamhttp://www.twitch.tv/apandaco8pm PST Daily.Youtube Playlist of Wasteland 2https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLIYwV8V2ObyHz395njTCSOfoW_U34T8qjStart Here If you want to see gameplay :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ee97EYUpBQQNew Episode Daily @ 8am PST"
,Recommended,240760,18332704,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Big Bad Blowfish,"Wasteland 2 is a flawed gem.I'll start with the bad:-A lot of the weapon classes are downright useless. Pistols and submachine guns aren't worth bothering with period. Shotguns are alright, but you only really need one party member proficient in it for when you're in close quarters with a lot of enemies bunched together. Energy wepons are only useful against enemies with high armor ratings, so they really only come into play mid to late game. The only three weapon classes worth focusing on are Heavy Weapons, Assault Rifles, and Sniper Rifles. Even then, Heavy Weapons guzzle ammo like there's no tomorrow, which isn't terrible late-game when you have a ton or resources saved up, but they aren't practical early on. The only melee skill worth taking is Blunt Weapons because its high armor penetration keeps it relevent through to the end-game.-On normal difficulty, the combat is very challenging until mid-way through. You really feel like you have to conserve ammo and resources, and every move counts. But unless you intentially build your party to suck, everything gets pretty easy by end-game. I had more money and supplies than I knew what to do with.-I experienced huge performance issues in certain areas even on my 970. It was smooth sailing for the most part, but it's pretty clear the game isn't terribly well optimized. Being a turn-based game, FPS drops aren't a huge concern, but it shouldn't be a problem on a rig that far exceeds the recommended specs.Now onto the good:- The story is good and the writing is solid. The mains story, while not mind-blowingly amazing, is good enough to keep you ineterested, though it is suprisingly linear. The side quests are far more interesting, I think, and they offer much more freedom to approach it how you want. Almost every encounter has multiple outcomes depending on what choices you make, and the game does a good job of giving you the sense that these chioces actually matter. Many of the characters have rich backstories and opinions to offer. You will run into a lot of messy situations that you can choose to help resolve through diplomacy or violance or ignore altogether. At the end of the game, you are rewarded with a little slide show (à la Fallout) that goes into detail about all the characters and situations you ran into throughout your travels, which is a nice touch.- Inventory management. It took me around 55 hours to complete this game. I reckon I spend at least 10 of those hours in my inventory screen. If you're a freak like me, and you actually enjoy inventory management, this game is a treat. It is extremely easy to move items between party members, quickly see all their stats, and compare equipment to what you have equipped. It even tells you the average damage output per action point a given weapon will deal, which I think is pretty sweet.-Combat. No, it isn't a diverse and interesting as something like XCOM, but it does a good job of scrating that turn-based strategy itch. A lot of people have complained that the combat essentially boils down to ""shoot stuff until it dies,"" and, that's pretty much true. Unlike XCOM, there aren't any speicial abilities, and you won't find nearly as much cover to hide behind. Wasteland does offer a greater host of enemies and weapons, though, which keeps things interesting enough, espeially late game when your enemies start using energy weapons and suddenly your heavily armored super-soldier who could normally tank round after round of enemy fire suddenly loses half his health from a single hit.All-in-all, Wasteland 2 is a great turn-based roleplaying game that isn't without its flaws. If the forthcoming Director's editions addresses some of these, I think Wasteland 2 could be a truly fantastic RPG.7.5/10"
76561197960911934,Not Recommended,240760,13599186,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sinai,"I cannot recommend Wasteland 2.  I played and heavily enjoyed the original, and have played all Fallouts.  I enjoy most turn-based tactics titles like X-COM (original and new), Fire Emblem, Silent Storm, what have you, and Wasteland 2 is not worth your time.  It's mechanically shallow, the skill system is a joke, and weapon types are ludicrously imbalanced.  It's a completely bare-bones system, skills are absurdly redundant (somethign like 6 different skills to open boxes for six different kinds of boxes), the loot system is has zero appeal, and you'll quickly find that the only weapons worth using are your assault rifles, with maybe one sniper specialist.  Ah, and explosives, which all have 100% perfect aim regardless of your demolitions skill and can trivialize most encounters.Due to clunky armor systems, you'll find yourself taking off your armor to fight some of the game's toughest monsters because they actually do less damage to you without your armor.Mines are annoying.  You'll find your characters disarming hundreds of these through the game just to walk through, and they do enough damage that even one can cripple your party - which means that either you're going to walk really carefullly all the time, or most likely, you'll just reload when you run into a mine - something I'd normally feel guilty about doing, but let's face it, the only reason this happens is because there's no formation system to speak of.A further consequence is that there's really no good way to position your characters before a battle.  Sensibly, you'd like to put all your guys behind cover, maybe leave your sniper further away.  Except in Wasteland, you're almost bound to trip their detection, giving them the first shot.  After awhile, you don't bother with setting up with the clunky system, you just switch all your guys to long range weapons and have them alpha strike, or maybe have your snipers shoot simultaneously at a target, because anything else is likely to give them first shot, and get you killed.The story is nothing to write home about, and the writing is okay, but it gets wearing after awhile the sheer amount of pop culture thrown in.    Honey badgers were cute the first time you ran into them, but after awhile they're an annoyance, especially since they are essentially zero threat unless you screw up and let them get in melee range, after which they're deadlier than anything short of a robot-death-machine, but also have ridiculous number of hit points, meaning that early on you're going to be kiting them.Speaking of which, at higher difficulty levels, hit points become ludicrous, which I've always felt is the sign of a lazy difficulty system.Anyway, not recommend.   Mediocrity.Edit:  Due to the multiple ridiculous comments saying that I had played the game ""too much"" and thus can't comment on how mediocre it is, I must mention that I did not actually play ~130 hrs of the game, I use the magical ability to run games and do other things at the same time without closing them down through the magic of alt-tab.  Realistically, I probably put in ~30-40 hrs into the game, which was far too much because the game is not very good.And seriously, the game is super easy on anything but the hardest difficulty, which difficult primarily in terms of annoyance rather than tactical difficulty from things like large hp pools, forced kiting, high armor making already generally inferior weapons like SMGs lack any utility in the game whatsoever, and any trap, mine, or explosive being able to OHKO or at least cripple you.  The game is much easier than playing X-Com on the easiest difficulty level, the Fallouts on normal difficulty, or Wasteland 1.But regardless of difficulty, the game is simply a very shallow experience, in terms of either tactical combat or story."
,Recommended,240760,13488594,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Archy Senpai [RTOZ],"While I really enjoy Wasteland 2, my recommendation would have to come with a huge dose of ""your mileage may vary"". It's a long, slow, burn, and if you like to jump straight into things, or find yourself easily losing concentration or focus, you may find yourself giving up on Wasteland 2 before it really begins to shine. But some patience will pay off, if the genre interests you. Of course, if you don't like turn-based strategy games, then you should be giving this a pass. The writing is really top-notch in this game, and I found it both enjoyable and rewarding to play through.Focused on a team of 4 rangers (which you can create yourself, or use several pre-built characters), and using very detailed attributes and skills - the CLASSIC system (Coordination, Luck, Awareness, Strength, Speed, Intelligence, Charisma), it took me a while before I realised that some attributes and stats were extremely important, while others... could be passed over, especially depending on the followers (NPCs) you decided to acquire. Unfortunately, it can take some trial and error before you realise what you should be doing with your characters and what is important for them to have. Or... you could just forge ahead anyway! I quite liked that there were no classes, giving you the freedom to do whatever you wanted with your characters. You could have a guy carrying heavy weapons, while being a melee tank and also healing... for example. Though this can also be a negative, if you wanted to see class specialisation, perks, and so on.And so, I was introduced to the fun (???) of character creation. And uhh... naming my characters, which proved to be a disaster... after an embarrassingly long time, I settled on ""One"", ""Two"", ""Three"", and ""Four"". Original, right. The vast array of skills can be intimidating at first, and leveling them up (especially at later levels) can become quite frustrating and very grindy, but it does add a lot of depth to the game. One thing I did not like as much though... how much time it took, and the animation, whenever you wanted to use a skill. Using a skill meant that your Ranger (or follower) would have to move to the location (clumping up your Rangers if you moved them all as a group makes this an exhausting chore), before an animation begins. With the vast amount of skill checks in this game, the checks do add up and can become very time consuming and therefore annoying.Additionally, there is quite a lot of travel involved in this game, both in the larger world map, and also within smaller exploreable areas. Even if you're not in a rush, the travel can quickly become aggravating. I wished for quicker travel myself, despite the fact I don't mind slower paced games.While you are limited to Arizona and California, one after the other, the world map is still pretty expansive, with secret areas to discover dotted around the place. Travelling isn't worry free though - not only are there standard enemy encounters (which can become annoying quite quickly), but also some more welcome encounters, which is a bit different and somewhat refreshing in comparison to the usual fare where encounters in the wild just end up being endless fights. There are also two unique mechanics: water and radiation. Your team carries canteens, which can, and should be refilled at any well and oasis you find. Once you run out of water, your team starts to dehydrate and can die. Similarly, in the post-apocalyptic wasteland, nukes have left lingering radiation in various areas - so you also have to watch out for contamination... or again, you'll find your team dropping like flies.The musical score, sound effects, and even the voice acting is all done quite well, and combines well with the graphics to provide a smooth and enjoyable spectacle. The graphics are not the best in the world, but they do set the tone of the game well, and are very appropriate to the game's setting - harsh, gritty, and unforgiving.Combat is generally quite straight forward, with the standard turn-based combat fare reappearing here, though more in-depth compared to some other games due to the more extensive attribute and skill system. Your attributes and skills will determine in what order your characters go, and how much they can do in their turn. There are also crouch and cover mechanics, though some weapons can destroy cover. However... there is not much else. There are no real special combat moves, or combat specific skills - they increase your damage and hit percentage, and that's it. No executes, no cloak, etc. While there is headshot and ambush... they are honestly not that great. It's just point, click, hope to hit (the RNG seems to be a bit odd, with a lot of misses even on shots with a high hit percentage), rinse and repeat. There is no cover, no flush, no interesting and genuinely unique abilities.Additionally, RNG can always turn around and give you a hard time. Or... adversely affect the enemies. Critical hits, critical misses, weapon effects, and weapon jams can all have a surprisingly large affect on the outcome of an encounter. I also like the emphasis on scarcity and the need for careful management of your resources, which is quite fitting for a game like this, especially the ammo. If you just blaze away, you'll be out of ammo before you know it, so you do need to think before you act. Vendors are limited too... The combat is decent, and I enjoyed it, but I will admit there could have been more to it.While your team revolves around 4 characters, you are able to recruit a number of NPCs to join your team (3 followers for a maximum team size of 7). While you are nominally in control of them, leadership is important here as there is the chance your ""follower"" (only if they are in a good mood) will just decide to do their own thing in combat - running into cover, shooting something you didn't want shot, etc. Overall, the combat is fun and challenging, with a variety of enemies to conquer - both man and animal.Despite there only being two areas to explore, Wasteland 2 boasts a wide variety of quests, many of which have a variety of ways to finish - but be careful, your choices do have serious and lasting consequences. Which is something else I really enjoy about the game - your choices DO matter. And have a ripple effect. This is not just limited to quests, there are some actions while just generally playing and moving around which could have an affect, especially based on which followers are with you. Do you dig up some graves? Do you disarm the alarm? Do you deliberately trip it off? Do you use strength or a grenade to break a wall? Do you help this faction, or the other faction? Mediate a ceasefire or shoot everybody up? The variety of ways to overcome things in your way is definitely a highlight of the game. I really enjoyed the varying options available, and weighing them up, based on what you want your team to do. Your decisions may cause followers to leave your party, or even turn on you. Not only does this create an interesting in-game dynamic where what you do will affect how other in-game characters interact with your party, but this also allows for extensive replayability, if you so choose. ""What if"" questions are plentiful in this game.Finally, I particularly loved the odd references and humour. The Wasteland 1 disc was a particular highlight. While not particularly game-making, or breaking, it was something that I enjoyed. The grand adventure that plays out, in addition to the continued support and patching by inXile, make me give this game two thumbs up."
,Recommended,240760,9345074,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,ChapsDungaroo,"UPDATE: August 13, 2014I have been trying to not play too much in an attempt to minimize the amount of replaying the beginning of the game. As a result, I didn't dive too deep into the latest update but I poked around enough to confirm one thing: this game is easily one of the most solid Early Access titles available (in my humblest of opinions).The positives from my original review still stand and some of the negatives have been resolved. Ammo no longer needs to be equipped to be used; simply have it on your character and you are good to go. I didn't have nearly as many instances where my characters got stuck (in fact I don't recall sticking a single time). There were few instances out in the wastes where a click wouldn't register but I think this was more due to me moving my mouse at the same time as I clicked so this could be user error.In my short playthrough I encountered one oddity that was so minor it's barely worth mentioning. It doesn't appear all of the item names are in use when making a trade. I found when trading items such as bullets, the log would read ""Bojangles traded <blank> with Gidget"" where blank was obviously missing the item name. Otherwise, this new update has definitely improved upon an already soild looking title. It faster, smoother, and slightly more violent (I shot a guy and his head and arms came off. I mean, c'mon, what's not to like?).While I still recommend the game even in its current state, I would suggest holding off for now simply because it is (I have heard) releasing soon. That said, if you don't mind restarting when updates come out and not being able to progress past a certain point due to missing content, I can't really give you any reason to not dive in. It's really shaping up to be something awesome and I can't wait to get my hands on the full thing.Additional thoughts: There were two instances that sort of threw me off and I'm not sure if this is due to my not paying attention or just a need for tutorial/paying more attention. I wanted to mention them here to potentially help new players or perhaps confirm what others may have felt.- When leveling, I expected there to be arrows to add or subtract skill points. Instead there were simply light blue boxes with no real indication that you were meant to click the boxes to add points. This may have been the way it was previously but it threw me off at first. Easily solved by slight investigation. It just wasn't obvious how I was meant to allocate points.- I didn't realize I had completed the first couple of objectives in the beginning and the journal didn't really seem to indicate I had either. I ran around aimlessly for a bit before I thought to radio in my progress at which point I was able to move forward. I'm not sure if this is just a lack of me paying attention when completing some of those objectives or if the game just wants to put an emphasis on the radio as a communication device at all times (they do say in the beginning to radio in often to report progress and while I took this as an indication I needed to radio in to level, it could have had other implications).ORIGINAL REVIEWDo I recommend shelling out 60 dollars if you're just looking for something new to play? No.Do I recommend shelling out 60 dollars if this has been on your radar and you just can't wait to get your hands on it? Maybe.Do I recommend shelling out 60 dollars if you want to see this game evolve, have a hand in seeing HOW this game evolves, and want a taste of what is to come? Definitely.I was hesitant to spend the asking price on this Beta (Deluxe Edition goodies included but let's be honest, I wanted to play the game). I spent days watching videos on YouTube, reading impressions, looking at Steam reviews, trying to convince myself not to buy it yet. I caved. But I'm glad I did.The current state of the game is buggy. Sometimes buttons don't seem to activate when clicked, sometimes characters get stuck. Sometimes the game seems to hang while loading. Some thing aren't explained very well (Protip: make sure ammo is EQUIPPED or else you will not be able to reload). But all of this is to be expected in a development build. Have I experienced anything in the game yet that made me ragequit? No. In fact, I had to pull myself away from the game after I bought just to eat.Combat is your basic turn based affair ala XCOM or Fallout Tactics. All actions use Action Points and can be saved up between turns (to a max) so there is definitely some call for strategy prior to moving yoru characters. Cover can be used and even destroyed to get the upper hand on your opponents which I always find to be a nice touch. There are plenty of opportunities for loot and this is made even more possible by allowing players to lockpick, break doors open with brute force, or blow things up with explosives. The choice is yours. The maps I have played so far have had nice secret areas to explore, mounds of dirt to dig to find goodies, and branching paths that, while the end goal is the same, allow for additional exploration on the players part.The character creation is also quite well done at the moment. You can choose a group of four based on premade characters ranging from a demolitions expert, melee specialist, sniper, or even a jack of all trades. You can also create your entire team from scratch, putting points into attributes and points into three categories of skills: Combat (assault rifle, energy weapon, pistol, etc), Knowledge (brute force, lockpicking, safecracking, toaster repair (no I'm not joking), etc), and General (surgeon, barter, evasion, field medic, etc). There are a multitude of group dyanmics to play around with here. You can also pick up additional NPCs for your group that you then gain control over in battle and exploration (they sometimes ""lose control"" and go rogue during combat. I'm not sure what dictates this but it never seems to detract from the action).All in all, I have actually been extremely impressed with the current state of the game. I went in expecting, to be honest, not much and I was pleasantly surprised. While I agree with many people out there that 60 may be a bit steep, I have absolutely no regrets with my purchase. I am looking forward to playing more and seeing what is offered and I truly believe the end result will be a phenomenal experience and worthy of the price of entry."
,Not Recommended,240760,12165781,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Fidelfc,"As a lover of Tactical and turn based games my whole life, is with a heavy heart that a say i can't recomend this game to anyone.Tactically the game is very poor,there is none to little strategy involved, the levels are so flat and linear that the battles does not have any changes from one to another, it's very rare to find a point of advantage and there are just a few elements to act as cover in the levels, the developers said they would add special moves, the only thing they add was a ""headshot"" option.You'll see your rangers missing a lot of shots, is normal to miss 5 or 6 70% shots IN A ROW, whille your enemies have much more AP and acuracy, to much sand in the eyes of the desert rangers?.There is only HeadShot(Useless, since your rangers are blind), Ambush (wich is pretty much useless), and that is. There is no advanced tactics, there is not even a simple stealth mode, were you can use a sneaky char to surprise your enemies.With no Special moves and a very linear environment, the battles are very repetitive and purelly luck based.The developers didn't keept their project promisses,just like the special skills, early videos featured a lot of armors models showing in the characters, but they simply chose to change this, so now, does not matter the armor you have equiped, your ranger will just change their clothes, so you can have a power armor equiped and your ranger may still show a ragged shirt.Character customization is minimal and the models are so ugly that you could easily mistake it for a game of the 90's.The game offers a false sense of open world but actually is very linear, the base missions are very boring ""go to place, click something, come all the way back"", the roleplay is also very shallow even with the very good story.The story is very good and the game isn't that bad, but i can't say that i'm satisfied, both the hight price and hype didn't help with it. After 25 years the wait is finally over, and i wasn't worth it.Wait for a 75% sale to try this."
,Not Recommended,240760,12242276,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,massdev,"I strongly can't recommend this title at the current price point of 40 bucks and am disappointed that it has been launched in this condition.Its not polished, the AI is ridiculous, the ending had absolutely nothing to do with what I actually did in the game, with key npcs that I killed still living and running the show. The characters that I recruited throughout the game only one of them made the ending credits and her future was forgettable.Regarding the AI for a tactical turn based strategic game for the npc AI to do exactly the same thing for 80 hrs is unforgiveable. All enemies without fail bum rush you from off the screen moving further in one turn than your sniper can shoot. Worse valueable player npcs without fail do there best to commit suicide every single round.I found a couple of quests that can be turned in infinitely for xp and rewards. Not a huge deal for single player game but considering how linear the progression is I don't understand how it was missed.Armor is so broken currently. Buying the most expensive armor in the game will result in you being one shot by anything with an energy weapon whereas running around naked will have that plasma just tickle your exposed fleshy bits.Some quests particularly in the second half of the game dont conclude appropriately. Free slaves, woot freedom, they stand outside the cages with a bland thank you interaction.Its not that this couldn't have been a great game its just that everything has been dumbed down so much that the depth and complexity has been gutted from offering leaving a grindy on rails choose a or b limited experience.Plenty of the skills are absolutely worthless which really makes me wonder why they included them at all.Anyway I hope they do the right thing over the next year and patch or turn it over to the community; for me the ending was mass effect 3 cringe worthy and I hope they have better ideas for Torment."
76561198083249895,Not Recommended,240760,20563840,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,clkarins,"It's okay, but not great.  Its clear a huge amount of effort went into the artwork and world creation, so kudos to the developers for that.  But for all that work, the truth is the gameplay doesn't feel all that compelling and quickly devolves into a tedius slog.  Despite the size of the world, you really don't feel ""free to explore"" it, because the area you are allowed to explore is artifically constrained depending on where you are in the plot.  Once you finally gain access to a new area, there is no reason to go back to the old ones.  It all results in highly linear gameplay, rather than world exploration.  There are other ways to control the plot development, rather than walling-off the player.Adding to the tedium, about halfway through the game it gets really preach-ey.  And I mean really.   It's clear the developers have a social message they are trying to send, but it's so relentlessly beaten over the player's head that it comes off with a very self-righteous air.  I just wanted to play a game, but I felt like I was reading a never-ending steam of someone's angry Facebook rants.Lots of potential, and it looks like a lot of work went into it...but I regret purchasing the game."
,Not Recommended,240760,19376173,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,dpwrussell,"I had been looking forward to this game's release for a long time. A lot of things were done quite well. I liked the general setting and story outline and the fact it used turn based combat, but there are a huge number of letdowns in this game.Plot. I think it's supposed to feel immersive, but I just didn't feel like it was. Other than radio messages and a couple of places overrun by end-boss henchmen, nothing connects the end of the game to the start or middle. There is no feeling of building to an epic conclusion. The side-quests are fine.Skills. There is hardly any synergy between stats.Your Computer Science skill character for example, his intelligence level is irrelevant on skill checks... that makes no sense. I think it would have been much better to keep skills more closely linked with stats. Partly I think this has happened because of the ludicrous number of skills/stats. There is just no point in having safecracking, lock-picking and alarm disabling as separate skills. Less skills, less stats, less skill points and this problem would have gone away. Also, especially the stats feel very ineffectual, each char might get 2 or 3 points to allocate throughout the game. What can you get for them? Not a lot.Skill-checks. I'm guessing there are 2 kinds of players, ones who try and fail to open lockboxes/doors/safes and accept that and move on (potentially to lobbing grenades at it) or ones who will save/reload until it opens. The system in place does not really handle it that well for either. The randomness is just a complete waste of time. If the former type of player got to a box and the tooltip says the skillcheck is too low, that would be fine, they could move on. If the latter type of player did the same, ditto. It's just making busy work for people who want to explore event inch of the game and open all the chests. Later in the game there are chests that will be 20% chance to open with maximum Lockpicking + Luck... what is the point in that? If it's supposed to be because sometimes in lfe you can't overcome a challenge... then just make it that you find lockboxes which can't be opened at all.Using skills. There is no reason for it to take several seconds to try and fail/succeed to perform some action, especially if you have to do it several times in succession. Mine fields are a prime example... Quicksave, right-click, disarm, wait, wait, wait, repeat. How tedious. Combine near instant usage with some absolute (i.e. not random) skill-check like I describe in (3) and it would have made the game a lot less annoying.Combat - Tactics. This is perhaps the biggest letdown. There is no excuse for this at all, the combat is incredibly dull and you inevitably start to feel like your trying to trick the game's AI instead of trying to waste some raiders.Combat - Positioning. This could have had a big effect on most battles, making them more tactical and thus more interesting, but in the majority of cases (especially in the end-game battles) the bad guys are entrenched and you come in the door and the battle (or cut scene leading to battle) begins. It would have been a lot better if there was some kind of stealth skills that you could have used to get into better positions. Also, it would have been great if there was a way to tell whether you were in an NPCs line of sight so trying to position your squad cleverly wasn't an annoying save-reload procedure.Combat - Cover. I like cover, it's a fun mechanic, however, because of the positioning, often by the time you reach it you could have already won. The last few battles I felt were pretty crap tactically because it was almost impossible to make decent use of cover. Also, if you have any melee characters, obviously they can't really make use of cover so should be appropriately armoured...Combat - Melee/Brawl. ... which they aren't. My blunt weapons dude was maxxed out on strength with all the armor and constitution and crit dmg reduction perks... he was still a ridiculously easy target. In the end game, if he got into melee range before being killed that was a surprise. Massively disappointing. Made worse by...Combat - Armor. ... the fact that heavy armor makes you slower. Ok, that makes some sense, however it makes melee chars slow (especially as they'd have to have taken high strength to be useful at the cost of other stats, like speed) and thus less able to get into position to pummel the enemy. I get that having the whole squad in (enclave) power armor (FO2 stylee!!) doesn't make a lot of sense, but combat speed was the stupidest thing to reduce when wearing it. Much better would have been a loss of coordination or evasion. You can make it RP by saying that it's like mech armor, giving them more speed to make up for the heavy armor. In the end-game, melee is almost completely useless as there are snipers who can take them out in a couple of shots. Conductive armor... this is a stupid idea, if you are struck by lightning/energy weapons, the best thing you could be wearing was a huge suit of power armor as the faraday cage effect would ensure the wearer remain unscathed, it's basic physics. This all basically means you have to carry 2 sets of armor around per person to ensure you can change when a battle will be energy weapon heavy. This is a massive hassle and adds very little to the game. I think it would have been better if the novel use of energy weapons was that they were less applicable to precision strikes (for obvious reasons), but overall a little more powerful than regular weapons to compensate. Make them a little better against robots and a little less against biological targets, by all means. Having your energy weapons guy be almost entirely useless for the first half of the game... great!Combat - Followers. Maybe these guys aren't meant to last long in combat? When they 'bum-rush' the enemy in every fight you either do a lot of save/reloading to keep them alive, or just let them die and get on with it. Kind of a pity.Combat - Healing. Given that in any tough fight, unless your party is 100% snipers and assault rifles, people will have to move in closer, and will get incapacitated... Having the surgeon get to them is nearly always impossible in combat as it takes more than 1 round to get them back on their feet, in which time the surgeon will almost certainly be out in the open and gunned down. Also, you use surgeon to get people back on their feet after a fight, great... but now they have a real-time (some are 600 seconds!!), unremovable debuff reducing their stats. What is that for? Mandatory bathroom breaks? All it does is introduce an annoying time delay before you can go into combat again.Weapon types - Nobody wanted to use weapons other than sniper/assault rifles right? Oh, you did? Well, that's too bad because they are pretty crap.Car - One of the best ideas in Fallout 2. It allowed you to move around the map a lot faster (not a huge Wasteland 2 problem), but more importantly, you had your 'bank' nearby, so when you get to a place you can go and grab that heavy quest item or 'white' item when you find someone who wants it without having to go all the way back to base, then inside the base to the chest, then all the way back again. Definitely should have existed here.In summary. The game wasn't terrible, but particularly the combat was a big let down. While there are some new things from where Fallout 2 was (oh Marcus... did you just kill 2 of your own party members with your minigun...again!?), this game did not get them right. Given that we're 17 years down the road in terms of game design, it should have been much, much better."
,Recommended,240760,26631531,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Exciting Jeff,"TL;DR: recommend with caveats.How do I possibly rate this game?I've played it for countless hours, and I would say that most of those hours were fun, and maybe a little addictive. So in terms of value and providing positive gameplay feedback loop, it's a success.And it does so many things right! So many things I want! The writing is consistently competent, despite the punny character names, and the areas and the scenarios they present are generally compelling. I really love that there are no truly good or bad choices in most situations.It's an isometric tactical RPG THAT ISN'T fantasy! Be still my heart!And it's huge! Too huge for my taste; I'd have preferred something about half as long, but everything feels full and fleshed out, so I can't complain about that.But there is a LOT to complain about.Let's start off with my biggest gripe: it is impossible to play this game well without reading a guide. This permeates every bit of the game, from character creation (make one character good at charisma and leadership, but DON'T make it your social character, and for God's sake, don't EVER give another character leadership. Also, always dump luck and almost always dump strength, and you might could have a competent character) through individual scenes (oh, you want the good ending for this area where people make up and mutually coexist? Well, go ahead an reload that game from four hours of fighting ago, and disarm that bomb. Oh, you thought you couldn't do that during the cut scene?) to the goddamn pixel hunts required to find the ONE CORRECT PATH through (to me) critical quests.And then there's the inverse bell curve of difficulty. The beginning of the game is hard, in a way I don't mind. The middle of the game is really easy, to the point where combat is a chore. Then the last third ramps things ALL THE WAY UP, and the best weapons all feel like peashooters, because the same enemies from before now have 5x the HP.I like the moral ambiguity, but I hate that the decision points, or the impact of those decisions, are neither clear nor logical.Sure, I'll recommend it. It's fun, if you're not averse to doing some googling for your games. But as someone who's played through Fallout 2 10+ times, I'll never return to Wasteland 2. I hope Wasteland 3 is a more focused and less opaque game."
,Recommended,240760,12184058,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Banlish,"finally, Finally, FINALLY.  FINALLY!!  FINALLY!!1!1!eleven!1!!And that isn't a crack against how long it was in development, I've been looking for an INTELLIGENT thinking mans game since the orginal Fallout 1 and 2, we had touches of it with Baulders gate and games like it were great, but I've been in freaking LOVE with post apocyptic games since the fallout series (pre 'DERP LETS TURN IT INTO A FIRST PERSON SHOOTER!, hey, we only have like 11,237,423,423,523 FPS's, lets compete in THAT market some more.  What do you mean there aren't even enough TACTICAL squad based games that you can count on a single hand, that means that genre is DEAD obviously!every big developer for the last 20+ years)The problem, many of us apparently, have had with most games these days, they are set in one of three settings, 1.  Fanasty setting  2.  Current setting (lets shoot ethnic minorities in sandy countries with modern weapons!.... pass) or 3.  Lets kill Zombie Hilter controlled clones for the millionith time.    All of which CAN and ARE sometimes great games, but how many games do we have set in Post apocalyptic worlds.   A world where yes, there are guns, gernades, rifles, and melee weapons, but also more exotic stuff like plasma and laser weapons.Also, where combat IS a major part of the game, each and almost EVERY mission has a VARITETY of ways to solve it.   EXAMPLE (BUT NOT FROM THE GAME, MAKING THIS ONE UP MYSELF no spoilers!)Small town is being harassed by a two local gangs, how do you solve it as a ranger?Possible ways to solve it![/u]1.Guns blazing- lets BLOW EM ALL UP AND KILL EM!2.Dialog/Diplomacy- Infiltrate both gangs, and give them clues that the OTHER gang is out to slaughter em, make them fight it out via planted evidence, then finish off the survivors so the small town can be free!3.Use mechanic skill to turn off water/power to bandits bases- unable to support themselves the bandits move on4.Use Animial Whisper skill and turn wild life against bandits- a combination of patience and timing makes the bandits a 3 course meal for local wildlift and saves the local townETC. ETC. ETC.THESEare the kinds of ways I like to see a game able to be played, not where theonlyoption is 'aim atONLYmoving targets on screenEVER, and pull trigger until enemy is no longer moving.  It lets you not only have different ways to get things done, but you ALSO have almost unlimited replayability, even with knowing how things can generally go, you want to try new things BECAUSE there are so many possible ways toGET TO THE SAME RESULT.Like I said, a little more intelligence and/or patience is required, and for an industry that is chock full of FPS's, and 'Who can twitch fastest is the best' games it's been long, LONG overdue where we can have a top down game where I can use terrain, combat skills, and different weaponary to beat superior forces.Oh and lets not forget the morale parts of the game, instead of the typical 'become a boyscout or SATANS RIGHT HAND MAN' there are just dozens of shades of gray all through this game, and people will treat you differently in one location over the next, almost as if they were part of isolated communities that had a hard time talking to each other.... .......  ...............    Eventually things WILL filter down, and where you might end someones suffering from pain, another person could see you and say you killed them in cold blood.   Almost NOTHING is clear cut, and you'll find yourself actually having to think of different outcomes rather than the typical game.I really hope the ADHD that has infested the gaming industry the last 10+ years can be put aside for a few mintues for WL2, it's not MEANT to be the 'run of the mill' crap we've been force fed over and over.  It says it gives you 80+ hours of game play, I spent all weekend playing it and I'm not ashamed to say I took a sick day tomorrow so I can play it all day without interuption in an empty house.   It's THAT good, at least to me anyway.Now, there are a few things that will work against it.  It's NOT perfect, it's a little rough in a few areas and sometimes you WILL be angry that you can't find a particular item, NPC or easy solution.  Other times the game will surprise you with it's richness and attention to detail.Oh and that's another thing,HUMORis big in this game, there are tons and TONS of refferences to all sorts of things from the last 25+ years all through it.  I won't ruin them so hopefully you can get them yourself, but lets say some characters from other games, movies and books do make apperances through out the game.  Some might be as simple as walking past another Ranger team and closely looking at their names and saying to yourself  'wait a second, .. oh damn, that's !!!!!!!!  son of a B!  That's AWESOME!'Other times you'll notice little pieces of inventory 'junk' that make you just grin, I've found everything from a Chia pet to old gaming consoles from the 80's and 90's.  Each and everything I've also read the description on, mostly because it just makes you laugh at some of the crap they threw into the descriptions since many people just skip by them in most games.  In WL2 I'll say it's worth the reading the items at least the 1st time you see em, after that np, see it again just skip it, but up the Devs got more then a little creative with some of this stuff.Oh and while this IS a tactical combat game mostly, I will say that you should probably make a play through where you focus at least one character with high intelligence, charisma and a hard path of the dialog skills.  There are simply SO many times in conversations where I wish I was able to choose some of the other options but I couldn't because I was too combat focused.So there is a great chance to have multiple play throughs on this, I'll give it that as well.  Something with most single player games just hasn't been the case these last years.And yes, I'm obviously dating myself with some of what I've said, but I've been a gamer for almost 25 years now.  And a really good tactical squad based thinking game has been lacking since the late 90's.   Wasteland Two has made me feel all of those good feelings I got when I played the orginal fallout games.  I'm just hoping that by writing this, obivously long as all hell review, that it will make a few people on the fence about getting it swing to the 'let me give it a shot' option.  Then if you like it and you are one of those people that do 'Let's plays' please do one for this, I'm not technical, I don't know how to stream or record, but I'd love to see this game get the attention it deserves and, HOPEFULLY, will reawaken developers to the fact that we need more then clones of the same 4 genre's invented, reinvented, re-hashed and regurgitated over and over to a market that does have more then a few of us that have more then the 'push button - recieve result x 10,000 = YOU WIN!' mentality.Yes, I've been a bit harsh in parts here to certain kinds of gamers, I aplogize for that, but we need MORE details in games, no dumbed down crap over and over, Wasteland two has me just grinning like a madman the entire weekend.  To the point where my wife just looked at me and said 'go... play that nuclear death game all you want, you'll be useless to me all weekend anyway.'That's rare and I can't stop smiling about it.Thanks to the Dev's for making it and I really hope I've brought a good case to a few of you that will take the time to read, and hopefully find this (early) review useful.-Banlish"
,Recommended,240760,8048690,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Comiccom,"New Review: Did you know an Early Access Game meant you could play, rate and review an unfinished game? Did you know that people violently defend something they cant possibly understand or judge something based on very little information provided? Fanboys would rather say this poo doesnt stink because of what they think the end result of the product might be. Something impossible to determine.This last update helps a lot of these folks save face. While the game is still a buggy mess, its still probably better than half the games out there now. I've been actively involved in bug testing, aka playing, this game since november when it first came out. It has made large strides to this still unfinished game and thankfully the community and developers are pulling through.For any of you who played the original fallouts, this is what fallout 3 should have been. Regardless of the bugs (fallouts were REALLY BUGGY even in release) you need to save often. Because either the game will crash or you will die. Its not hard to be roaming the wastelands and be mobbed by a bunch of methed out raiders with giant axes.Pros:The gameplay and UI is really shaping up. Still not perfect but the bits and pieces that have changed would seem that the rest will fall in line soon enough.There is enough new content and changes that make replaying the first 3 levels over and over not seem so repetitive.Its fallout 3. Sick twisted humor with gore, unavoidable consequences and quick decisions make this game thrive.Cons: Its still pretty darn buggy and has its fair share of holes and such that arent gamebreakers but are easily noticed.UI still needs some work.Still worried about dropping 60 bones on it? I'd still hold off. Check back in a few months. This isnt a game for people that want to play a game. Not yet. You will lose your saves and everything often as it updates. Its still a heck of a lot of fun and I've burned through 40 hours in the last two weeks.Sincerely,http://www.thecomic-community.comOld Review:It looks like it will be good, and i'll update this when I can actively play it for more than 15 minutes at a time. Definitely a good mix of fallout with that text based game flair. Before you say, OH well this is what fallout is based off of, well its not. Go play wasteland 1 and tell me how its like fallout again? Maybe a theme and designers, but not much more, fallout stands on its own and this is what fallout 3 should have been even though I love fallout 3 as it is.Cant wait for it to be finished, but unless you want to 'support the devs' until the game is finished, I'd steer clear of this guy for a bit. It has a very hard time loading maps and transitioning and its mostly memory access errors. 32 bit quad core with 4 gig of ram and higher end nvidia card just isnt cutting it right now. performance is great on any level of resolution or graphic quality so not sure what going on.Cons:UI needs a bit of work, its not intuitive sometimes and breaks a decent amount of the time.Loading areas crashes 80% of the time. Save often.Pros:Everything that isnt a con, this will be a great game, from what i can experience at quick intervals, there is a lot here to see and has that great quirky feeling from the original fallout games.I know this is a beta, and i'm waiting on getting bug reporting credentials from them so we can shore all of this up, so if you still take the plunge maybe you'll have better luck than me. I'm really looking forward to a truely playable build and the end product.Update: I'll be installing this game on a different pc and even a laptop soon to help me shun the non-believers.Update 2: Still not ready to change. Other computer doesnt seem to matter, perhaps you need a much bigger and powerful rig.Update 3: Still not playable. Shucks.Update 4: Playable! Oh my. Played it a lot, still not ready to change my mind. Even upgraded my pc to a nice new 64 bit with more memory and fun stuff. Its still super buggy! Like, I joined the bug thing and submitted 11 bugs in 60 minutes of playtime. Not all gamekiller bugs but theres not much more to do than just test out the game engine."
76561198069276727,Not Recommended,240760,17695780,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,shiloh8686,"It starts out fun. Character creation is decent, there's a mystery to be solved and a sense of urgency, and all loot is pretty valuable (at first).You'll go out exploring, and everything will seem pretty novel and interesting. The world map/exploration is cool, and you'll wonder what kind of stuff is out there waiting for you. You'll have random encounters with bandits, and those will be enjoyable.But then the fun starts to break down. You'll realize that random encounters all take place on the same 2 or 3 maps. You'll find quest-breaking bugs with the majority of sidequests. Loot will become boring and repetitive. Travelling within settlements will be a long and frustrating headache, as there are no local map markers. You'll be forced to make choices in unrealistic and senseless dilemmas. You'll be hugely encouraged to spam saves.IN SHORT: The first 25% of the game is fun and exciting, but the remaining 75% is extremely frustrating/repetitive/boring."
76561197985904632,Not Recommended,240760,20818100,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Michael,"I really wanted to like this game. My two favourite games are Planescape Torment and Fallout 2. I’ve completed both numerous times, however I gave up on Wasteland 2 halfway through due to a combination of boredom and frustration. Let me try to explain why.Before the final release of the game, I was pumped. I read the whole manual, then sat down and wrote lore friendly bios for my four rookie rangers and distributed all the stats according to their role in my team. In the end I found this whole process more fun and engrossing than the actual game.Basically the game is boring. These were the main things that I found dull:•It’s filled with loot which is pretty much junk and doesn’t give you a proper reason or options to customise your character load outs.• Drawn out, repetitive, dumb combat. They could have learnt some lessons from X-Com here. Basically there are no tactics, there’s no cover, no use of the terrain. I ended up maxing out the Outdoorsman skill and skipping Outdoor encounters to avoid the snoozy combat and the same tiny maps I’d seen so many times before. The combat boils down to a battle of attrition. I hurt you a little, you hurt me a little. Repeat.• Poor level design combined with a plethora of boring fetch quests which force you to run from one end of a massive map to another.• Finally the choices you make don’t impact the world in a way which made me care. The only noticeable impact was that in the main base everyone was like “Why are you so big and strong and everybody likes you!” Which I generally liked. But it does feel shallow after a while. I hadn’t really appreciated how immersive and good the quests were in Fallout 3 until I played this game.In the end I hit a bug where one of my party members got stuck in a quest and I couldn’t get him back or replace him. I think that bug has gone now, but I still feel no inclination to go back to the game.Basically I can’t recommend this game even a little. If it was free, I’d suggest that your time is too valuable to spend on it.Also I forgot to mention. At one point you have the opportunity to free a bunch of female sex slaves from the Red Scorpion Militia and one of them is called Schnitz, which I found to be poor taste and it’s the kind of joke a kid might make. This gives you an idea of the maturity of the people that put this game together and the kind of story telling you’ll be exposed to playing it."
,Not Recommended,240760,12224121,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Nascentes,"Take this review with a grain of salt. If there was an option in between 'Yes' and 'No', that's what I would have chosen. Also bear in mind, at the time of writing this, I have *not* completed the game. I'm not sure I'm going to just yet until they do some serious work on it. I'm about halfway through the main story. With that said, here goes... (warning: minor spoilers throughout)-----------------------Conclusion: 6/10 - The game feels like a beta. I'm glad it was released, but it needs some serious work. I'd hold out on buying for patches/mods. If you are really looking for something to play, the game is fun, it just lacks a large amount of polish that is necessary to make this game go from ""okay"" to ""fantastic"". Also, I hit the word limit. Definitely missed some things.-----------------------The Good+ Storyline is interesting and easy to get caught up in.+ Voice acting is great. Not everything is voice acted, but where it is, it's done well.+ Character Customization is great. You can create your party of 4 from scratch, or use pre-made characters if you so choose. There is a large amount of build variety. However: [See associated con.]+ Random skill-use events. While venturing out into the Wasteland, you'll often come across various obstacles that can be passed by one of your party member skills. Ie. ""My wife is sick! Please help her and I'll let you loot this stash I left in my house!"", in this case, a party member with the 'Field Medic' or 'Surgeon' skill would be able to heal his wife and get access to some loot.+ Recruitable party members! From your starting party of 4, you can have up to I believe 3 more members of your party that are recruitable as you progress through the story. The first of which is available almost immediately when starting the game. These guys can help fill a lot of the gaps in your skill selection and provide some alleviation on skill-events and some flexibility in combat.+ The game is huge. A lot of content and a lot of story. Developers suggest it'll take 60-70 hours to beat. That is awesome.+ Random radio chatter. I really enjoyed this aspect of the game. You'll be wandering around and randomly hear radio chatter about other rangers in another part of the world checking in about taking down this fugitive or saving this town, etc... There is also random radio chatter from radio stations in major towns, from psychopaths from various factions, etc... Awesome addition to the game.The Bad- WEAPON JAMMING. This is absolutely my biggest complaint. I'll get weapons with a 1 or 2% chance to jam, yet they jam almost every-other encounter and cost almost an entire turn's worth of AP to unjam. Absolutely infuriating. This also goes for hit chances & skill succeed chances.- Weapon variation. Weapon variation in this game is pretty obnoxious. I've been using a crowbar on my melee toon since about 30min into the game and I've yet to find anything better. Going through Arizona, you find the same weapons over and over again. Even at the vendors! Protip: Make sure you level weaponsmithing on one of your toons! Or you'll find yourself making the long trek to a vendor more often than you'd like.- The travel system. The travel system in WL2 is just plain bad. I understand what the intent was, but it largely just made the experience frustrting. Areas are very large and in order to travel to the world-map, you need to find an exit on the map to ""The Wasteland"". Once in the wasteland, you have to travel across the map to your destination, regardless if you've visited it before or not. It's slow, tedious, and takes away from the immersion. I constantly find myself needing to travel to some distant point on the world map and thinking ""Eh... Maybe I'll take a break and go play something else for a bit.""- Character customization limits. If you create your custom party when you first try out this game, chances are, you'll miss a skill that limits things your party can do. There are skills associated with opening different kinds of safes, accessing a large amount of loot, getting through various doors, remaining undetected in hostile areas, you name it. There are also quest elements requiring you have specific skills. These skills are not necessary to have, but not having them when you find a vendor that will only sell to you if you can use x skill to help him out, is upsetting to say the least. Especially to those, like myself, who enjoy doing *everything*.  [See associated pro] ALSO, be sure to level perception on at least one character. If you don't, you'll end up with your whole party perma-dying due to land-mines.- Factions and choices are very opaque. Early on in the game you visit an area where you are assisting in getting their water system & power fixed. Afterwards, you are supposed to back a certain candidate for mayor since the previous mayor had been killed during a raider attack which you helped stop. After fixing the power/water, you exit the tunnels to find the election already underway and the ""bad"" candidate being elected by a landslide without you being able to do anything about it. You are treated like scum by the town & going back to your HQ everyone makes smartass comments about what a ""great job"" you did. Turns out, you had to do ALL of the sidequests *before* the main quests in that area, as well as a couple other arbitrary things. I was fairly frustred with this, especially seeing as how the ""good"" candidate was extremely happy with me for helping her out, then after the election, I was suddenly dirt. The questlines here were not very well articulated.- Assocated with the previous con, choices are fairly hard to differentiate. You may decide you want to go for a ""good guy"" playthrough as you may have done in similar games. Good luck keeping that up. There's one point where you have 3 different factions all approaching you and all giving you quests to screw the others. You have no idea which one gives decent rewards, no idea which one is actually the good guy. No idea which one you should be following so you don't get in trouble with Ranger HQ. So, you guess, you end up screwing them ALL over because of this or that reason that you were unable to control. It all gets very unorganized and tedious.- Random items you pick up that you aren't sure if you should hold onto or sell. No descriptions, just random. Protip: Hold onto ANYTHING white. Safe to sell gray stuff except for one type of item that you'll find out about shortly into the story.The Maybe+/- The combat system I'd say is a maybe. I personally enjoyed it, but there are a few things that made it incredibly frustrating.+/- The grahpics aren't great. This isn't a complaint for me, but I am aware that this is a big thing for many people. This will likely be improved with future mods.+/- Honey badgers. Honey badgers everywhere. You encounter honey badgers so often in this game, it should be renamed to ""Wasteland 2: Revenge of the Honey Badger"". While this isn't necessarily a bad thing, it breaks immersion for me. You look at the combat log and it's *filled* with stupid honey badger jokes and references that just repeat themselves over and over again for the duration of the encounter. Upon looting the corpses, you get a bunch of junk including ""badger's nutsack"". While this was humorous as first, the honey badgers quickly got old for me.+/- Upon leveling up you are required to call into central command for a ""field promotion"" before being able to allocate your gained skill/attribute points. While this isn't a huge deal, it gets fairly annoying after awhile. Especially with your party all leveling at different rates. You'll end up with 2 party members having leveled, calling in, then 10 minutes later another party member, then 10 minutes later, your remaining party members. I often find myself holding out until my entire party is ready to level before calling in. Not a bad thing, just a minor annoyance."
,Recommended,240760,14660676,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Moonbear,"*Contains minor spoilers*Well... I went all the way from loving this game into hating it and then to accepting it and finally to like it. So, it turned out that:1. This is NOT a Fallout1/2. It's more like Fallout Tactics with FO 1/2-ish endings.2. You can solve most of your problems 2 ways: using speech or lockpicking skills. Or both.3. Devs thought ""We will make 3 kinds of speech and 3 kinds of lockpicking skills. It will create so many choices"". Well, actually no, it's still 2 ways.4. Assault rifles are most useful weapons in the world. All other weapons are not worth your skillpoints.5. Melee specialists will do nothing first half of the game except getting hurt all the time. During second half they should learn how to use assault rifles.6. Throwing weapons do not require a skill. Even monkey could throw a grenade, right?7. You can never tell from the view of your team which armor they are wearing. Cause stockings with garment are more important in the wasteland then power armor, right?8. Energy weapons do very little damage to unarmored enemies. Please read this line again to understand the level of absurd.9. Main story quest deviated very little from ""the search for GECK"". Actually you'll look for 2 types of chemicals.10. You can dig all the graves in the world. No one cares.I could go on with this list, but I think you get the picture by now. Not to mention clumsy 3d-models with ugly skin and absolutely unnecessary sims-like character editor (can give you nightmares). It's mostly poor choice of engine. But if you like a good tactics with turn-based combat in a postapocalyptic setting - you'll buy this game. It will punish you in order to make you start another playthrough. And you'll learn to accept it ""as is"". Like I did."
76561198036171935,Recommended,240760,10941674,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Roley,"29 June 2014IntroductionWasteland 2 has been Early Access for some time now and those of you who remember the awesome Fallout 1, 2 and Tactics, I can confidently say that this is the true successor unlike Fallout 3 which was Elder Scrolls Oblivion with guns.GraphicsThe first thing classic Fallout veterans will notice is the transition from 2D to 3D and it’s great to finally explore the Post Apocalyptic world and watch all the action from any angle you choose. The world itself is suitably detailed and the animations are great and more than adequate for the job. Although there are games with better graphics, Wastelands 2 is all about the gameplay which I’ll cover later in more detail.Sound/MusicVoice acting is great and the music fits nicely with the theme. Sound effects including weapon effects, enemies during encounters and items are again more than suitable.So far so good but this game is £39.99 in Early Access and it seems to be okay so far .... so why would anyone pay such a large amount of money for a game that’s not yet complete?GameplayThis is where Wasteland 2 more than earns the right for such a high retail price. When you first start the game you have the choice to create your team (highly recommended) and the list of abilities that your character can develop in are great,Barter, Pistol, Shotgun, First-Aid, Heavy Weapons, Surgeon, Weapon Smithing, Toaster Repair, Melee, Blunt Weapons, Safe Cracking, Alarm Disarming and more. All of which require skill points to master that are awarded upon levelling up.Characters can be equipped with 2 weapons, primary and a secondary (Sniper Rifle and a Pistol side arm  for example) and be fitted it with various Armour and Trinkets (Literally thousands of combinations). There are over 150 Weapons in the game and the fire-arms can also be modified with the use of weapon smithing to increase accuracy or decrease the chances of stoppages.The Wasteland world has lots to interact with too (Objects highlighted in Green), even more points of interest to add to the immersion (Objects highlighted in Brown) and how you interact is up to you, use a lock pick to open the door or a rocket launcher the choice is always yours.The desolate world is also filled with NPC’s and some are offering lots of information via an interesting chat system (certain words will be highlighted and added to your vocabulary to enquire about as the conversation proceeds).Wasteland 2 is also full of decisions and consequences, some are small like attempting to pick a lock early on with low skill level can destroy the lock forever to much bigger decisions that will decide the fate of entire towns and NPC’s, who you decide to  save or let die is up to you but you’ll inevitably have to face the consequences later on.Now onto Enemy encounters, this is probably my favourite part as I’m a big fan of tactical combat. Once you encounter Enemies the game will switch from free roaming to turn-based where you’ll have a set number of AP (Action Points ) to use on movement, crouching, reloading, unjamming weapons, single round shots and burst fire.Different weapons have a different effects too, Shotguns have a wider spread to hit multiple enemies whilst Sniper Rifles will have the ability to penetrate and hit another enemy  in depth, killing two with one round and let’s not forget the animations, lots of gore and I was able to blow one guy clean in half with a Shotgun and watch him crawl around on his hands.I’ll be honest in saying that I’m only about 7/8 hours into the game so far but it’s got me hooked which is a rarity as I tend to bounce back and forth from game to game (I even annoy myself sometimes), the game is also not without bugs (the odd graphical glitch) and some of  the voice acting is still to be added but that’s Early Access for you.Pros so far1 True successor to fallout 22 Character customization3 Game altering decisions4 Great turn based combatCons so farThe usual bugs normally found in early AccessConclusionFantastic game but is it worth £39.99........ If like me you loved Fallout 2 then definitely, it’s the sequel I’ve been waiting years for, luckily for me I picked it up during the Steam Sale for around £25 which I’m more than happy about, feel free to comment and I hope you enjoyed my review.Score so far9/10"
76561197961586664,Recommended,240760,12143383,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Payback,"On the inExile forum there is the discussion how to rate the game 1-10.I give it a plain 9/10.Is it looking like a modern game is expected to look. No. But the graphics transport the atmosphere in a way modern engines lack. In fact it´s not the graphics that lack, but the story and sometimes the gameplay.And that´s because it only gets a 9 - there is room for improvement, the combat system is well known from Fallout, the first parts, though it differs. I do miss some more tactical options, like delayed ambush or the ability to protect a weaker char. On the other hand it leaves you room for unorthodox methods of defeating an enemy.Still Jagged Alliance had the best combat system ever.So why give it a 9?It transports the original feeling, many of you might not have experienced, so well, i hardly can get myself away from it, even if i should - get some sleep, just take a break or make something to eat that takes more than 5 mins of preparation.Back when the orignal Wasteland was released i did not play RPGs, nor was my english (german here) any good.And i have to say that Wasteland and an english-german dictionary was quite advancing my knowledge, shortly after  i began reading english books.In Wasteland 1 there were no fancy 3d graphics, no sound and surely no voice acting. If you have the digital deluxe edition, try the old one, if you haven´t experienced the DOS era, you might think, how the hell anybody could play such a game.Well, it was like a good book. You had to image the places you visit, only having (great) text based descriptions to fan your fantasy.I can still picture the inside of Cochise base.And there is one thing W2 does a lot better - it gives you more directions. W1 was pretty much open world, leaving one often with no clue what to do next, except from mentioning a city somehow. I do remember i had no idea how to get the visa card for the guy in... Needles, Quartz? Well he eats them, but that i needed it and how to get it....In W2 you are pointed more directly in the right direction, but still you have to figure out how to solve things. I miss that a lot in modern games - as long as you can shoot stuff, you win. Quite boring.The storytelling is great, if you take your time to read all the stuff. READ? Yes you have to read a lot and it is rewarding, though some areas have a bit too many people telling pretty much the same about the situation. Nevertheless, Wasteland 2  is a more than worthy and greatly rewarding game, that lives it´s orginial strengths inside a modern shell.Modern? But you sais the graphics... Yep, i did.Again, it does not take a 3d engine that requires 5 Nvidia Titans in SLI Mode to make a great game.And there´s the matter of time a game takes. Okay a good deal is reading, but i consider those modern games, i play through in 16 hrs. straigt still entertaining - but way to short, even if they look fantastic, but i often find myself that i don´t value the work the company put into it, just because the game ruhes me by it. W2 slows you down. And that is a good thing.I spend DAYS with the original Wasteland. I have spend DAYS with the Early Access already and thats just 50% of the game, though i replayed a bit, tested other options.Where other games need a DLC after those 16 hrs gameplay you paid for, that will enterain you for 2 hrs at most, this game just sucks up your time and you want to do it again, just a different way next time, or just doing it better the next time.Do i recommend it? Though i cannot judge the other half, if you like a great story, with more than adequate presentation, tactical combat and some serious dark humor, i don´t think you can go past Wasteland 2 - even if it´s not a 9 for you."
76561198086994160,Recommended,240760,19916236,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,wyattofearp,"Step 1 - Don't play this game using pre-concieved notions of gaming.Step 2 - When creating characters, put all unused stats into INT nothing else. Once full, coordination and or strength.Step 3 - Lockpicking, Safecracking, Perception, Demolitions, Toaster Repair, Mechanical repair, Medic and Surgeon should all get instant attention and be taken instantly. Get weapon skills as you go.Step 4 - Cruise control. Take it easy for a bit, ease into the first few fights and build up a couple weapon skills once roaming.Step 5 - SAVE HACK LIKE A PRO!!  The game specifies to save OFTEN and it does mean this. Situations can get out of hand easy. Make a few save files to keep yourself ready."
,Recommended,240760,30068910,Posted: 20 February,all,SpaceCouncil,"For the sake of brevity..Genre tags:Turn-based, Strategy, CRPG, Party BasedValue Proposition:Tons of Content, Encourages replays, well worth your timeBSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): The Fallout 3 we deserved. Fallout Tactics 2; Post apocalyptic/western XCOM without base buildingConcomitant Exposition and SummationWasteland 2is a 7 person turn based CRPG set in the fictionalized post apocalyptic world of the western border of the United States. Namely Arizona and the Los Angeles region.The setup has you create a 4 person party using either pre-made characters or custom ones that you assign attributes and skill points to yourself. 3 additional NPC party members may be recruited through  throughout the game. I personally found nine. Though, through some reading I did after I finished there are some I never even encountered. This is one of my chief complaints, I fully understand why NPC's can't make up the whole party as there are numerous narrative reasons but I don't understand why you are not allowed a full 7 person custom party. It provides no advantage other than balancing skills throughout each person. Rather than forcing reliance on NPC party members for skills not attained or have high enough proficiency.This game isn't the most friendly upfront, I say this to bring attention to the fact that the character creation has no direct classes and has tutorial missions up to 3-5 hours in that if not careful can result in full party wipes or at least the early loss of characters. Perma-death is a very real concern but with a nominal understanding of the games mechanics, (for instance the difference between field medics and surgeons) perma-death is rather forgiving. I, admittedly after restarting twice a few hours in, finally got a grasp of what was happening and didn't have anyone die my entire playthough. However, I had a number of very close calls.Attribute points are assigned at the beginning of the game and only change very minimally throughout the entire playthrough. They, in essence are what makes the character more suited for certain skills. Skill points are what to pay attention to here as they are the ones that change the most from gaining XP and leveling. They're what you'll be directly using in game. It's not directly understood immediately but it allows for far more customization in your party. From shotgun wielding surgeons to charismatic snipers good at computer science, the game even allows for a space to write a custom bio for each character and use a custom portrait so long as it's 256x256 pixels.IF, you wanted to. Additionally the game after completion exports these characters as “veterans” for use in other playthroughs.I've heard a number of complaints that the world map random encounters can become rather monotonous in tedium. However, there is a very easy and lore friendly way around that aspect. The outdoorsman skill is your friend. Use it.The game has a ton of optional side quests that really fill out the world and definitely affect the ending. That being said, I found the the main line end game a little lackluster, I didn't find myself caring about a large portion of the characters near the end game. It felt a little cliché and uninspired. Which is a little disappointing given the rest of the games content.THE GISTI adore this game. There are some minor technical bugs, sometimes in combat the shader map would detach itself from the geometry and WASD which normally controls the camera (it has edge scrolling as well) would not allow you survey the battlefield in the way you might want to but would correct itself after the turn was taken. It also can feel a little contrived in sections not allowing you to resolve things the way you might desire without passing a dialogue check or other skill check. However most of these things have multiple solutions. Custom parties can make the game feel much more personal and make you want to not only replay it to get different results in relations with groups and cities in regards to the Rangers but in gameplay as well.I also appreciate how the game while serious in tone at times, doesn't take take itself overly serious and pokes fun at the situation or game itself.Follow my curation page for more."
,Recommended,240760,12147078,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Tank_Pig (twitch.tv),"With so many great CRPGs coming out  that were backed through kickstarter, I definitely recommend adding Wasteland 2  to your collection.It doesn't have the same freedom  as D:OS (Divinity Original Sin) but there does seem to be some meaningful consequences in the choices you make. The BETA was fun and buggy, with many issues ironed out in  the full release. I haven't ran into anything  game  breaking as  of  yet (only bug  that was slightly annoying was  that I saved  a burning house and  when I loaded my save the  house was burnt  down).I highly recommend picking this up if you're a fan of the original fallouts (including Tactics  which I loved).Edit: I  will throw  in some of  the cons. The biggest one in my mind is  that Wasteland 2 isn't a very pretty game (running on max settings), the textures  and models  of the game aren't good,  and the voice acting is  on the same level.All in all, the humor, references, combat, and story (apparently 50+hrs worth!) makes this a must buy for any CRPG  / Turn Based RPG enthusiast."
,Recommended,240760,12201248,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,サベージAquaFumi,"Tactical turn based combat, a cover system, optimal fire range's on all the weapons that you will have to consider, crouch and head shot options, overwatch mode, weapons that can jam and need to be reloaded mid battle, all of which will cost you action points to utilize in combat. You also have a skill system for outside of combat that include things such as toaster repair (think the wasteland version of treasure chests), perception (land mines, trap/alarms on objects), lock pick and safe crack, computer repair, mechanical engineering and much more. All of your skills you will be finding yourself using quite often in your travels to do many things such as get the core out of a plastic man to performing surgery (a skill) on a kid who had his leg blown off from a land mine or fixing various broke down machines you come across for the people of the wastes to make their lives easier. There are so many places for you to use your skills that they never feel like a useless point dump when your weapon skills are high enough. With a story set in a post apocalyptic wasteland where life is cruel and unfair and just a bit radioactive (maybe more if you're not careful) that's what kind of game this is. The variety of people you meet along the way and places you will journey is just amazing, there were a few times where I found myself laughing out loud at something stupid I came across from some junkie's camp or in wonder at the place I had just discovered filled with robotic junk and run down machinery. It really was a joy to explore in this game I have to say. Many of the characters have some real personality to them that you will remember long after you move on which really makes it feel more personal when the NPC's you meet aren't soulless bunches of code and pixels you know? Often there were times where I found it had a very elder scrolls quality to it where you just look around you and go wow I can explore ALL OF THIS which, if you ask me, is just a fantastic thing to feel in a game."
,Recommended,240760,20804400,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Burn,"Kind of amazing that such games like Wasteland 2 still gets developed. It plays and looks like a CRPG from 15 years ago and it's just great. I mean, to me Fallout 1 is undoubtedly the godfather of all RPG games. Fallout 1 was a mature, amazing game that almost everyone liked. However the inspiration for the creation of Fallout was Wasteland. Now we have Wasteland 2, which greatly honors the CRGP genre unlike the modern iterations of Fallout. If you enjoyed these types of games back in the day, you will love the gameplay and the unforgiving challenge in Wasteland 2.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=604574249http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=895934479http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=610206702Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,240760,12213455,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Stokes,"Scratches an itch that I've had since 1999.  Feels good man.Pros+ Fully customizable squad of 4 Rangers.  You assign their starting stats and skills, pick their starting wardrobe, and can even give them their own backstory.+ Fantastic turn based combat that takes advantage of cover and line of sight.+ Well written quest lines and dialogue.+ An atmosphere that mixes the brutality of the wasteland with minor camp, but doesn't overdo either.+No stealth!Cons-The View Map screen is quite poor.  Very small. No landmarkers. No ability to add your own landmarks. No ability to move your squad to a place on the map by clicking on a location via the map screen.-Some maps are a large jumbled messes. It's hard to understand where you are and where you are going, even with a UI compass.-There are some dead stat points that provide no bonuses, forcing you into a break point if you want x bonus from your stats.-No stealth!"
,Not Recommended,240760,12173280,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Blackpine,"This game is not Fallout or even Fallout tactics. It is horrible game that might be okay for 1980, but not for 2014.-Horrible skill systemYeah, it is. Artifically bloated skill list in order to put some artifical replayablility in the game. If character with sniper rifle skill 10 will take assault rifle (it's like sniper rifle, but without a scope) - he won't hit anything and vice versa. Stupid? Indeed.Social skills - pretty much the same. Instead of one skill responsible for speech, we have 3. And those skills aren't alternatives to each other in order to bring diversity in gameplay - different situations will require different skills. Why? Of course to enforce you to replay the game again and again. Let me remind you how it was in Fallouts: one skill that gave you different choices and those choices affected the result. When they wanted diversity - they were adding other skill/perk check in play. And don't even get me started on trade skills - it is all the same. We've got separate skill for cracking safes and we've got separate skill for picking locks. Why? Oh, see above.We also got WTF skills like 'brute force'. While it will be used once or twice in game - it is still separate skill. Why devs couldn't make strength check instead of it? Well, cause we need 'diversity'. Oh, and you can't recover mines you disarm and use them later. Cause, well, this isn't Fallout, it's much much worse game.And stealth skills in game about SpecOPs unit? Never heard of them.And this isn't even deep analysis of how horrible skill system is - I can go on and on about every skill. And perks/traits like in any proper RPG these days? Nope, they don't exist-Horrible level designYup. Your ranger team can't climb on the roofs or hide in the trenches, unless designers intended you to do so. They convinently put the boxes in the battleield so you could use them as intended. Awesome. Levels feel like they are copypasted. Night/Day cycle? Nay.-Horrible (N)PCsIn Fallout 2 a lot of named NPCs followed schedule. Shops opening and clothing, NPCs eating and drinking and so on. That was 1998. In 2014 Wasteland 2 we have static NPCs that stand or patrol all day and do nothing. Not acceptable for the game that position itself as RPG. Even more - your rangers in unit never talk to each other or in any other way express their personality. Even followers don't express themselves as personalities. You can't talk to them at all.-Horrible gameplayBut maybe all other problems is redeemed by awesome gameplay and plot? Nope. Plot is all the same - save the world, blah, blah, blah. But it gets worse. We've got long checklists instead of proper reputation system. For example. We got 2 tribes that are going to war. In normal RPG we help each of the tribes, build the reputation and then convince them to stop fighting and bring the peace.What we have in WL2? We have chief of the tribe with checklist: ""You disarmed bomb - check, saved us from raiders - check, saved child from the lake - check, found drug dealer - check, but you gave my dog beef instead of chicken and therefore the war won't end"". This gameplay design is crap.Oh, and don't forget the forced choice between settlements to save. You can't call reinforcements, you can't split your group, you have to make choice and then the game will make sure that you feel guilty about the choice you made, even if it was forced.Conclusion: don't buy it and don't believe those who compares it to Fallout 2. It's much much worse. If you don't believe me - watch letslpays on youtube - they will confirm everything I said.P.S. I didn't mention outdated game graphics, because I don't think that graphics is what determines how good or bad game is."
76561197985314675,Recommended,240760,12175884,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,abyssruler,"Spent 30 minutes customizing team.First mission in the game.Met first enemy creature, a toad.Amphibian killed whole team in 2 minutes10/10 would recommendSeriously though, play it, am having a blast with this game!!!"
76561198007934206,Recommended,240760,23483748,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Roberto,"A better Fallout game than Fallout 4.If you want a good CRPG with: story, choices, characters, gameplay, and plenty to explore. This is the game for you. The only 'downside' to the game that I can think of is, if you haven't played other games of this type such as: Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale you might be a bit lost to begin with. If you've only played RPGs that hold your hand and tell you what you can and can't do then this might be a shock to the system. The game is about exploring and finding your own way of doing things, even if the game doesn't state you can do, it doesn't mean you can't."
76561197999015480,Not Recommended,240760,20581806,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,the80srobot,"Look, all I've ever wanted was another Fallout 1. This isn't it, but then again, perhaps I am not the target audience.If there's one word that sums up Wasteland 2 then that word is OK. The combat is OK. The writing is OK. The gameplay is - you get the picture. The only way Wasteland 2 distinguishes itself is its length.Play this if you have a 100 hours to kill and don't mind pointless difficulty, then forget about it in a week."
,Not Recommended,240760,12196444,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Sandwichman,"Tough, painful, and worthy of ragequitting. And no, I'm not talking about the game being difficult.I'm talking about:A skill system which is brokenAttributes which mean nothingclunky game mechanicsthe AI taking multiple turns in a row with unlimited SP and near 100% hit ratestatistics shattering weapon jams and missesutterly no roleplaying experiencea tactical game where you only need one tacticand the list goes on.In fact here's one example, you have an assault rifle, there's no one around you, your enemy is in the ""sweet spot"" as in not too close, not too far. Your gauge shows that you have a 70% chance to hit. and you miss. not just once, but 5 times in a row. or more. As I posted on another person's review in a comment: ""I really think the devs need to go back to hs and take some statistics, cause the odds of missing so many shots in a row when it's 70% or more ""to hit""... is beyond stupid. Think about it, a 3 in 7 chance to miss five times in a row is 3 in 16,807 (or a 0.01% chance of happening). But it happens so frequently it's more like the reverse 70% chance to miss. But then again, even the odds of missing 5 times in a row would still be 7 in 243 (or a 2.88% chance of happening).. which is still absurd. And yet the game does this for most people I've heard talking about it.""This is a common experience. and it just keeps going. enemies almost always hit, have twice the range of your snipers (from even the beginning missions), your guns jam at least once a battle (when each gun's jam rate is 5% or less), and so on.I just about rage quit the other night because the immersion in the story is so awful it just breaks you out of the game by destroying the suspension of disbelief. You get ""badass"" rangers telling you that they are the team that goes in and kills other rangers, and get told stories of other rangers making tough choices and coming out on top. Then you try and do anything contrary to the story and you're done. You do one thing wrong and an entire town aggros against you. And no there's no charisma stat that calms people down, no speechcraft skill which says ""slow down compadre,"" no kill the leader and stop the aggro, it's just one bugged out exchange where you might as well reboot to your last save (if you're lucky enough to not trust the game to make backup saves from time to time) or you kill the entire town/area and (as some have said) you cannot complete the game. I personally don't have any experience with that, as I'm only 20 something hours in, but come-on, this is ridiculous.It's not about a complex storyline or making a game that's tough, it's sloppy game design mixed with poor story writing. And it's bad programming, on numerous occasions I've experienced a plethora of bugs including one where the camera won't pan, but for some reason I can move the sun in the sky (yeah, no joke). And the stuff that is programmed ""right"" is just poor. There is no choice in the game other than linear save town A and you have problems with town B for the game, or save town B and have problems with town A down the line. Then there's the AI and battles, at first it's new and fun and interesting. Then it's just a poorly designed squad tactics game where the enemies do the same thing every time and so do you. I really only employed one strategy in 20+ hours of gameplay. set up 2 short range fighters, set up 2 assault rifle fighters and 1 sniper and the rest of the game is a cake walk. It's not fun, it's repetitive.Another problem is the ""fans"" who jump on any topic you make or post and immediately say it's your fault the game is bad, or that you're not reading all the text, or that you are doing combat wrong, or... blah blah blah, but the game is as I've stated above, one-dimensional, clunky, broken and worthy of ragequitting. This last bit about the fans can't be the dev's fault, but the hype about this being the game everyone wanted Fallout 3 to be, is like gasoline on a fire, it just burns hotter and less controlled. If you take an objective look at the game, you'll see the same stuff that I and many others have pointed out. At least with the story stuff I'm willing to agree to disagree, as I can see how if you don't think about the story or complete failure on the roleplaying aspect of the game then you've got yourself a repetitive one-tactic game where you make choices like a train choosing which railroad track to take, sure you can take the long way around, but the end result is the same, you're still stuck on the tracks.I really really really wanted to like this and I just can't. Maybe I'll give it another try down the road, but I've got a sour taste in my mouth right now."
76561198123627918,Recommended,240760,8898213,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,rwh1981,"I want to start this off with this comment; the game is currently in beta.  That said, I am sure you have read that multiple times now through the various posts.  So, where to start?Straight up, this game will not be for everyone.  No, that does not mean it is a bad game.  Far from it, honestly.   I bought the deluxe edition on a whim.  Wanted to try something new.  I saw it was beta, so I started playing with that mindset.  That, so far, is the biggest thing.  It is not a complete game, so some things do not work, or work as expected.  Now, keeping that in mind, if you get this game, the end product in my opinion, will be phenomenal!I am playing on max settings, looks and runs smooth, no issues.  I DO NOT have a top of the line machine.  Voices thus far are good, dialogue is great.  Combat mechanics are good.  Story so far seems great as well.To make this easier, if you take the time to read this, I will break it down.  Again, keep in mind this is a BETA.  Not a beta you may be used to, more like end of the line alpha.  Point being, a WORK IN PROGRESS.PROS:--Character customization and looks in game.--Story is great thus far.--Combat will be great once game is complete.--Graphics / audio / and interface thus far are all great.--Gameplay is sweet.  I said it may not be for everyone because combat is tactical / turn.  So, think back old school with X-Com.  I love that part of it, personal opinion.--Combat animations / effects are sweet.--Choice and consequence are a part of this game.  You save someone from drowning, his parents offer him to you as an added party member if you want.  Plenty of characters to change up the party.--Different skills are used for different things.  Obviously, ha ha.  Those chances to use the skills on a frequent basis are not persistent in other games.  There are a lot of opportunity to use each skill you have in your party.  I like that.--A TON of interactions within the world.  Be it digging stuff up, repairing gadgets, even down to repairing toasters, ha ha!  (definitely have someone in your party that can repair them, because you never know what's stored in one!)--Completed game will hands down be great.CONS:--Loading a save will often change the portrait of your character(s) if they are created from scratch.  A minor annoyance, unless you get into combat, then you have to go by name.  Or, if you made a guy and your portrait is now a gal.--Combat, sometimes, can be a bit.. Interesting.  You have a sniper, that has 0.0% chance of hitting a target.  That same target now moves behind cover, and you now have an 80.00% chance to hit.--Combat again, some enemies have ridiculous move / attacks.  They will move across the screen, attack you twice, then move again... BETA, remember.  It will frustrate / annoy you though, ha ha.--Make sure you get a dedicated surgeon / healer.  I roamed around for a bit trying to find someone that could heal my wounds, to no avail.--There are times when walking around on the world map you are accosted by bandits, raiders, whatever, only to enter combat (if you choose) and find everything dead.  Good for the free loot, bad because you never know what will really happen!--The game crashes from time to time AFTER combat is completed.--Some game choices have to be made on the spot, you do not have a lot of time to fart around and trying to figure the puzzle out.  You take your time, (drowning boy for example,) he will die.  Some people may not like that part.--With no tutorial yet, character creation can be.. difficult.--Finally;  some characters you may spec for conversation bonus dialogues, sale prices, et-cetera.  Once you enter dialogue, there is no way to change who is talking, so in cities, towns, you want to lead the party with the talker if that is your thing.Again, it is a beta.  So far, overall, great.  Most of the cons I have listed will be fixed (I assume / hope) with end product.  If you can look over those things for now, you will not be disappointed.  ESPECIALLY if you like RPG, tactical combat, decision making, and crafting.I do not typically write reviews, but I wanted to get one out there since there are a lot of negative reviews.A hidden jewel for a game, even in beta.  I give my nod of approval."
,Recommended,240760,12286849,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"One of the first rpg's I ever played was Wasteland 1 as a youngster (Either first or second). I have great memories from it, at the time it was something very new and different. Years past by and when I was a bit old Fallout 1 came out, while not the same it was great to play a game with the same ""heart"" as my beloved Wasteland 1. Then came Fallout 2 which was even better and Fallout Tactics which was alot of fun to. Years later Bethesda does a new ""next gen"" fallout game with fallout 3, which while good for the mainstream and new players to the series, to vets it just wasn't the game we had hoped it would be. It didn't have that fallout (or wasteland) feel to it, the story was crap, most the characters extremely dull and overall a game that just realy felt like Oblivion with guns (as annoying as that saying was to me before fallout 3 came out, it did ring true for me after fallout 3 came out and I beat it).Thankfully Obsidian came to save the day and released the wonderful Fallout New Vegas. I was excited by this, Obsidian has alot of old Black Isle devs (guys who made fallout 2) and sure enough the showed Bethesda how to do a proper fallout game with there engine. A bunch of factions helped, Obsidians wonderful writing for the story helped, the dialogue was well done, interesting characters, great voice work (John Goodman? Hell yes), it felt ALOT more like the early fallout games (it just had that fallout feeling, something fallout 3 just couldn't nail)..After all that we have Brian Fargo bringing his talents to Kickstarter and getting Wasteland 2 kickstarted. What we have here is a wonderfully crafted game, jam packed with content, Wonderful writing (characters, story and dialogue), tough choices that matter (best since Alpha Protocol and New Vegas decisions imo), great atmosphere, fun gameplay, Controls are good and a great job of balance (especially in the skills and character builds you can do). For new comers asking ""What is this game like? I never played wasteland or Fallout1/2!"". Well it has a bit of Wasteland 1, a bit of fallout 1/2 and a bit of xcom all mixed together. The turn based combat is a joy to play and doesn't get boring as each battle can be different then the last.You're choices actually matter in this game, you might make a decision and not think about it, only to have it come down on you later as it shows the consequences of you're choice. The game does a wonderful job in the writing department as I said above, having Chris Avellone from Obsidian helped in this aspect and it shows. Characters you meet are interesting, the dialogue is very well done and the story keeps you very interested. The game world is harsh and unforgiving, you better make you're decisions wisely, always make sure you have ammo and medical gear and be on you're toes. You will thank me later :)This game is deep, complex and I friggin love it. The game has come a veyr long way since it was in alpha, at first the UI they had was terrible and I was worried this was really going to take away from my enjoment of the game. Thankfully though the developers tried some new versions, listened to fans and in the end made the UI a ton better. Alot of missions have multiple ways of doing them, you will find yourself either playing the game 2-3 times or saving the game and seeing how different decisions or actions effect the game and the world around you later on. Sometimes I find I have made the right decision at first and then hours later you might hear of bad things that happend because of what you picked.The game is not perfect, there is a few bugs, I wish there was more visual customization for characters and the graphics are not the best, but the good far outweighs the bad in this  new modern crpg. If you are looking for a new rpg that has hundreds of hours of gameplay, great replay value, wonderful writing, nice atmosphere and great gameplay give this game a go ASAP. You can really tell that this game was crafted with love, no publisher telling them to get it out early or telling them what to add to make it more popular. This Brian Fargo and his team at there best and this is a testament to old school rpgs and doing kickstarter/early access the right way.After spending 100+ hours on this game (and plants to play atleast another 100-200 ours), I can say it was well worth the wait, it is one of the years best games and that I am very excited to see what InXile comes with next for there new Torment game. If it is as good as Wasteland 2 we are in for another treat and another resurection of a charished old school rpg. 26 years after I first fell in love with Wastelands charm we get Wasteland 2 and Inxile sure did deliver, this game rocks boys and girls. There are a few things I wish where in the game and a few negatives but 95% of this game is a masterpeice I must say. As someone who has been playing rpgs for 25+ years, this is just what I wanted from a Wasteland sequel, good writing, fun gameplay, interesting characters, tough choices and tons of content. In a day and age where old game series get new reboots and games totally different from the original games, it is a breath of fresh air to have a sequel to an old game be JUST what the fans of the original want."
,Not Recommended,240760,12259627,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,wozron,"This game isn't so much 'wasteland' as 'wasted opportunity'.Where Fallout/F2/FTactics were self-explanatory in regards to mechanics and tactics, this game mistakes 'complexity' for 'depth'.I play tactical turn-based (TTB) for the pleasure of planning and setting up effective ambushes and assaults and despatching enemies efficiently. It is this element that is at the heart of all turn-based tactical games, from Silent Storm and Jagged Alliance through to the original Fallouts. Wasteland 2 throws this aspect of the genre out altogether. What is not clear is whether this was intentional, or just the result of really incredibly poor game design and a lack of knowledge of what the genre is all about. Remember, Wasteland was an RPG, not a TTB, and Wasteland 2 has not made the transition well. It's not RPG enough to be an RPG and not TTB enough to satisfy the TTB grognards.The combat system is borked. There is no tactical complexity to the combat at all. In all real combat, the side with the initiative tends to win. In this game, initiative automatically goes to the enemy. No setting up mutually supporting arcs of fire then luring the baddies in. No, you set up your mutually supporting arcs of fire, fire a single shot, then the baddies swarm you.  You only get to try to gun them down when they're next to you. They are able to run across the map to get you.My 'leader' toon has an assault rifle. When he fires a single shot to initiate combat, enemies (even those outside his range of fire) have the opportunity to run fifty or sixty yards and initiate hand to hand combat before he can fire a second shot. It's ludicrous to include a semi-automatic rifle in the game that fires the equivalent of once every fifteen seconds. A hundred years ago, soldiers with bolt-action rifles were firing aimed shots every two seconds. Does InXile understand how firearms work?The probability engine is also borked. It's not uncommon to miss 5-6 60% shots in a row. This also extends to other skills such as lockpicking or safecracking. Many other people giving negative reviews have also commented on this.The presence of indestructible objects (ie, the vines in the Ag Centre) that block progress until other goals are achieved is inexcusable, especially considering the confusing and unclear mission objective system. You literally cannot approach a mission in any way other than that deemed appropriate by the developer.The character development process is bizarre. Your Strength stat has nothing to do with your strength-related skills. Your Charisma stat has nothing to do with your social interaction skills. You may as well put all your points into Intelligence to maximise stat points on level up and enough into Agility to maximise your action points in combat. To reiterate: no matter how rubbish your stats are, as long as your skills are high enough, most of the stats really don't matter.I completed Fallouts 1 and 2, and got as far as I could in Tactics until the bugs killed the game, and never felt as frustrated as I have with this game. The fact that I have 20 hours invested without even completing a single module says a lot about the game.The graphics are, to my mind, no better than we saw in Fallout nearly twenty years ago.  But I could forgive that if the core gameplay was there, but it's just not. The tactical aspects are ruined by an idiotic system that ALWAYS gives the enemy the initiative. The mission log system is unclear and confusing. There are booby traps on at least a third of the items, doors and chests EVEN IF THERE IS NO REASON FOR IT.I applaud the attempt to bring Fallout-style gameplay into the present day, but this game is just a wasted opportunity. I wanted to believe, and instead I just wasted $40.What a tragic waste of time and money.EDIT:You know what?The only thing funnier than how bad this game is, is the number of people who keep comparing it favourably to Fallout 1/2/Tac (bearing in mind those games are 10-15 yers old).The only thing more tragic than a wheelbarrow full of cute puppies on fire is the number of fanboys who cruise the negative feedback section giving 'not helpfuls' to people trying to steer unsuspecting buyers away from this piece of crap.It's just sad."
76561198000466913,Recommended,240760,34418200,Posted: 22 August,all,Tandberg_J,"August 22nd 2017: W2 Review by Tandberg_J (steam account name)(tandbergj@gmail.com)Summary:“The absolute dream for fans of the classic style of Fallout 1, and Fallout 2, and it's still a good game even if you are just casually familiar with Bethesda's Fallout reboots.”This review is for the Director's Cut Edition, which in 2017, has been mostly debugged, and is very stable. I play on a PC for the record, and can't comment on the console ports. But, I've played and beat the original PC version as well, before the director's cut was released, so I've seen the game's development and refinement. (I recommend learning how to edit your save game files, [they are plain text .xml files,] as this allows you to avoid some glitches that might affect your game in purely mundane minor ways, and you can avoid little annoying bugs like not getting credit for a small side quest) Also, you can edit your characters and give them some clothing and aesthetics that are not available in the vanilla game. But this is optional of course. Also there is a huge mod scene for this game, which I can't really say I've tried.Use the wasteland 2 Wiki and online strategy guides often, as they will lead you in the right direction. It's not cheating or spoiling, use the guides as needed, as this game is so much a sandbox, that the guides are more like suggestions for strategies than they are “How to beat the game.” This is NOT a linear game. Of course, it has an ending, and two world maps, but how you get through them is completely up to you. And of course, every local will factor into the final ending depending on what you do with the people there. And also of course, there are ways to fail and end the game early, NOT including just getting killed in combat.Now, here goes the formal review:I am a hardcore fallout 1 and 2 (refereed to as F1&F2 hereafter) fan from back in 1998, which was the year I purchased F2. Then, later that year, my friend and I bought him F1, so we played both religiously as teenagers that summer. We beat them both, but kept playing because of the replay experience. Honestly, the Bethesda Fallout Games, with ""Fallout:New Vegas"" being my favorite of the three, NEVER lived up to the quality and fun of the original Fallout Games, which as most know, were developed by Brian Fargo and the crew at Black Isle Studios, and published by the behemoth Interplay.(FO3, FO:NV & FO4) are the only AAA Bethesda reboots of the Fallout Series of Games, that exist at the time of this writing, and I know there are many people who share my opinion about the original F1&F2 being superior to Bethesda's rebooted games. This review is written for this crowd, which is the crowd that is old school and shares the love of classic 2D Fallout. Still, if you are more of a modern Bethesda Fallout fan, I invite you to play Wasteland 2, and experience some of the old school good stuff that inspired Bethesda to buy the damn franchise, trust me, you will like it!At the very worst, you will be challenged and pushed harder, and put out of your comfort zone, in a nuked out hell, in what's left of The Earth. That is not to say that I didn't purchase and enjoy all three Bethesda Fallout Games. They just weren't a true “Fallout Game” to me.I never played Wasteland in the '80s, and I only knew of the game when I played F2, because I had read online that ""Fallout"" was the spiritual sequel to Wasteland. I've played all the “Fallouts.” I played Fallout Tactics, which was kind of disappointing. The only “Fallout” game that I haven't played is “Fallout: Brotherhood of Steel” which was a game that was released for the PlayStation 2 console in 2004.So, having played all but one of the AAA all Fallout games, and completing them multiple times, with different characters, I can say that ""Wasteland 2"" is an Old School Fallout Fan's ultimate dream game. Because Wasteland 2 (Hereafter refereed to as W2) was able to be crowdfunded and released with no big name corporate publisher, it is basically everything a fan would want without the generous helping of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t we see so much in the Bethesda Fallout games. Gone is the patronizing, annoying use of nostalgic imagery for the sake of keeping the franchise ""looking like"" Fallout, while changing the game mechanics. Gone is the whitewashed, predictable story lines that don't touch on more mature and morally complex themes, because Bethesda wants maximum profits, because they need to market to teen demographics. Gone are the silly 3d first person graphics, that don't add to the story line, and are too realistic, but fake enough to raise an eyebrow, and just pollute the immersion. Gone are sputtering frame rates that jar your experience. W2 may have old school graphics, but they are just like the ones in Fallout 1&2. They are old school, minimalist, gritty, and damn post apocalyptic looking. Just like Fallout, Even the GUI in the game is made to look like a bad 1980s computer system. This makes it very immersive.A key difference between the Wasteland Universe, and Fallout Universe, is this: Instead of the 1950s retro futurist setting of Fallout, Wasteland has a 1980s retro futurist look. So in W2 you don't have all of the 1950s influenced music and style and imagery. In W2 all the 1950s stuff is replaced with 1980s style cyberpunk music, cars, dialogue, clothing, etc.. This is the key difference between the franchises, and I find that other than this difference, the two game universes share too many similarities to even name.As merely one example of many game play systems that W2 has reverted back to in “the old school way,” W2 returns to our old favorite system of having two weapons, pictured in a gray box at the bottom middle of the UI, and the player, being able to switch back and forth without a cost to action points, can use the two weapons. Also, W2 returns to purely turn based combat system, which, to fans like us, is refreshing. Like the good old days, you get to meticulously plan out each round fired, decide when each enemy is shot in the legs and crippled, and decide when each packet of drugs, or mystery medicine, gets IV'd into your veins. While Bethesda's Fallout's “V.A.T.S.” system was a nice try to bring this turn based combat back, I didn't feel it was a proper replacement for turn based combat. And in a game like W2 or Fallout, I prefer turn based combat. If you don't feel this way, perhaps W2 isn't your game. But that said, maybe you would like W2 as it will pull you out of your FP shooter comfort zone. I think the veteran fans will all agree, that combat in classic Fallout and Wasteland games is best when it is TURN BASED ONLY.In wasteland 2, you create not one, but 4 player characters that you get to control like they are your own character. (Think “Baldur's Gate” here people) No one of the 4 characters is more important or in control. So it's different from Fallout, in the sense that you get to role play 4 unique people, that you create abilities, character portraits, and backstories for. And out of the 15 or so NPCs  you'll meet in the game that can join your party, up to three of them can join your party, making your party size swell up to seven playable characters. This doesn't include characters that are merely following your party, even animals and mutants will follow you at times. I've seen up to 11 creatures and characters on my screen following my 7 PCs. Even goats and cows have been in tow. I once had 6 cows following me around, so chew on that!Also, welcome back to the game that plays from a top down view. Technically W2 is a type of isometric view, yet with a slightly oblique projection (Like Fallout 1&2), which allows some walls to be seen better from certain angles. We will just call it isometric, for simplicity's sake. But that's not what is the most important thing about W2. The view is just like F1&2 which is a huge plus.What is important about the view though, is that W2 is rendered in po"
,Recommended,240760,12146920,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Crazy Al,"I've preordered this game, via steam, as an early backer. I can only speak for the beta, which I would give 8.5/10.This game is a tactical RPG (Think Final Fantasy Tactics, Fallout, Might & Magic) with a setting in a post-nuclear wasteland (Think Fallout, but different). The REAL spiritual ""Fallout 3"", the story is a successor to Wasteland 1, but NOT a requirement to play the game, it's completely standalone.The biggest strength of this game is: The feels. Early on (15 mins) you get a choice which will immediately change the storyline in a minor way.Over and over you will feel the sting of the game as your actions bite back in an emotional way.Ask yourself these two questions, and then you're ready to play this game:""Do the needs of the many really outweigh the needs of the few?"" and ""If I save this man from death, how will I know he will not harm others?""Game on, brothers and sisters."
76561198098173191,Not Recommended,240760,28176735,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,falconfused,"This game is so close to being awesome. The characters are fun, the world is immersive. The weapons upgrade system is alright. Exploring is fun.The combat is what is really difficult to handle. The grid system is horrible. During regular movement, characters can move and stand in what seems independent of a grid system. But when combat starts the characters are forced into a very clunky grid formation. This makes diagonal shots somewhat of a cheat when hiding behind ""cover"".  Also, there is no way to move your party in a formation, which means that when walking into an obvious ambush, there's no way to keep your party in good order. They just move into a lump.It's hard to have a good time with the combat system with these limitations."
76561198029126609,Recommended,240760,18632763,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Padishah,"I first played Wasteland 2 back when it was finished. Its was a damn good game but with a couple of issues here and there but overall a really fun game that was essentially the closest thing to Fallout 2 since Fallout 2. (I love the original Fallouts almost as much as I love the new ones.)Im happy to say the Director's Cut version is a massive improvement over the original. With a multitude of fixes and additional content/mechanics to make the game feel fresh. Its overall the superior experience. It does still have a few bugs, a few confusing quests and overall slow pace early on in the game but despite this the game is great fun.For those of you that dont know Wasteland 2 is the sequel to the original game from the 80's and a spiritual  sequel to Fallout 2. Its an isometric turn based post apocolyptic RPG, one of the few of its kind. You have some really in depth character customization/rpg elements and some really damn good combat. Seriosuly its great, its even better than X-COM's combat. Overall if you love Fallout, RPG's, post apocolyptic games and have some patience then Wasteland 2 Director's Cut is the game for you!(Note I have deleted my original review and updated it with this one)"
76561198009173518,Recommended,240760,25372565,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Something completely different,"Wastelands 2. What to say. First off, if you like turn based games wich offer immersion, depth and an enjoyable long story then this game is for you. Wastelands has quite some really good things going for it but some flaws as well as I see it. I'll try to list them below.Good:- The setting. Really well done. Heck, the intro made me misty eyed and I felt my emotions responding to things happening in the game more then once. I was quite touched when a companion died for one and really came to loathe the bad guys even if they weren't bad for the sake of being bad. All the factions made sense to me and their struggles were a delight.- Your choices and actions matter. Maybe you don't see it at once but very often you do see the results of choices later in the game, sometimes quite subtle. Well done! Actions have consequences. Quests almost always have more then one way to solve it.- The combat system is well done even if it isn't entirely balanced and I feel some stats (speed) and weapons (assault/ sniper/ late game heavy) are better then others (luck/ charisma and melee, shotguns and hand weapons.)- The game looks quite nice. The locations are quite varied and ussually carefully made. Some minor locations and battle scenes were slapped together or recycled though. It takes a while to fully explore a town and that's good.- Lots of easter eggs and hidden secrets - you are rewarded for taking a good look as opposed to rushing through.- The voice acting is really well done, adding to the immersion.Not so good:- Quests tend to need a string of actions to be done in exactly the same the correct order to get the optimal solution. Who cares if I order first and then put coins on the counter or vice versa in the shop? This is a source of frusteration. You also likely will look untill you are eighty or crack and shoot everyone for the solution of some quests without using the internet. Ye gods. This would have ruined the game for me more then once if the story wasn't so compelling.- The difficulty spike half way the game is beyond silly. For a few encounters you have to fight vastly superiour enemies with hugely sub par weapons. I don't enjoy duelling a fully armored knight with a wooden sword thank you. After you find some new weapons the difficulty goes back to a much more acceptable level. This really needs a fix.- I didn't like the first major choice and how it would doom people no matter what I did.If you can live with three two above points I think you should grab the game, pin on your desert ranger star and start patrolling Arizona."
76561197976578342,Recommended,240760,35040545,Posted: 18 September,all,Player09,I decided to knock the dust off this game and jump back in for some desert adventure. The game is still worth picking up and you can probably catch it at a nice discount these days.One of the hilarious things that I had forgot about was the joke they put just after you load into the game.. the button advertising 'Red Boot DLC for $49.99'. When you clock on it is says something to the effect of 'you don't really think we'd be selling DLC with the game did you'? In the days where Prerelease games are advertising DLC to push the price of games up and over the $100 mark it made for a good laugh.I'd support these Devs over WarnerBros any day of the week.
76561198066397895,Recommended,240760,10596002,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bourne2ace,Review as of 06/20/14 (Early Access).Pros:- Immersive world- Fun turn-based combat- Game choices that directly affect the game- Great soundtrack and sound effects.Cons:- Bugs bugs bugs. The game is still in Early Access so that's expected.- Difficulty. This game wants to be faithful to its roots. Don't expect an easy game.8/10 (Early Access score)
,Recommended,240760,19533291,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,40s & Blunts,"This is a bit of a spoiler, but I met a weird guy out in the wastelands who professed his love of vintage video games. Dude's place was stacked, every wall covered with game posters, every shelf packed full of memorabilia--dude even had a collection of vintage arcade cabinets. We had a fun little conversation and after I left that town I didn't think of it again.A few weeks later I'm out dicking off in some obscure corner of the in-game map, wandering around looking for an oasis to refill my canteens when I stumble upon a little easter egg: the buried literal truckloads of unsold 1980s ET atari cartidges. There were a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of them, way more than we could carry in our packs. Then it ocurred to me: you know who I bet would be into all of these cartridges? Video game collector guy.So we load up with as many cartridges we can carry and backtrack all the way to that town. Now, we exhausted all the quests in that town, met with all the dudes and solved all their weird problems; we had no real reason to return. The game gave me no indication that this dude would be interested in these ET cartridges. No quest compasses, no journal entries, nothing. But lo and behold collector dude loses his♥♥♥♥♥♥with excitement over the ET cartridges. It was like we brought him the holy grail. We got experience and rewards for doing it. And this was something that we easily could have missed, something I easily wouldn't have even thought of doing. But the game knew. And the game rewarded it.♥♥♥♥♥♥like that will never happen in a Bioware or Bethesda game. Even in an Obsidian game, I reckon. Next level RPG.A+"
,Recommended,240760,23496812,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Baxterish,"Sure as hell don't recommend it for the price.I played the original ~20 years ago and this does well as successor.  It tugged at my nostalgia in every way it should, making me excited about what the wasteland had been up to in the aftermath.  I wasn't disappointed with this game.  The turn based strategy combat was easy enough to get used to, the fights were challenging and offered a sense of accomplishment, and world exploration forces you to map out your path prior to embarking across the wastes.  I genuinely like this game.But not for its base price of $40.  If you're going to get it, hold out for a half off sale."
76561198009907907,Not Recommended,240760,16948080,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Ocelotl,"I can't recommend this game. I guess I can't complain too much. I am a huge fan of Fallout and Fallout 2 and it is truly a blessing someone wanted to create a game in that vein. However, there is too much that cannot be overlooked. The game looks hastily prepared. Interactions feel generic. There are countless in game glitches. Pathfinding is very difficult and that makes it hard to complete the missions without having to read clues from forums. Even when you know exactly what you are supposed to do, it is sometimes very difficult to make the NPC's progress to the next quest item or find the resolution without hunting down some obscure almost unrelated item to trigger the resolution after doing all the rudimentary work to complete the quest.I tried to find enjoyment, but after a while, the game became tedious as I had to level up a specific skill in order to complete a mission. That meant I had to wander around the wasteland searching for enemies to kill just so I could level up skills that would open my dialog choices or help me ""see"" things in order to trigger events. So if you are playing, make sure you level up perception, kiss♥♥♥♥♥ smart♥♥♥♥♥ and tough♥♥♥♥♥skills. If you level up combat skills and the usual lock picking, medical, hacking skills, you will not beat the game. That leaves you with very little freedom in choosing your skills, and to add insult to injury, you are only allowed to level up to level 50, therefore you cannot waste your skill allocation on something you might need in the beginning of the game like melee weapons. Energy weapons are almost useless towards the end of the game. Only level up in Assault rifles, sniper, and maybe Heavy guns.Lastly the back stories were dull and uninspiring. FInding things and reading things was a treat in the predecessors. The history books and back ground journals are dull and tedious adding to an already tedious game. When the game hinted of a Wasteland 3 game, I thought oh no."
76561198036034349,Recommended,240760,25659879,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,jwswiss,"If you played the original Fallout or Fallout 2, and liked them, then definitely check this out.  It feels like what Fallout 3 would have been like if Bethesda hadn't taken it FPS.  This game is really fun and has a lot of depth to it.  The story is ok, nothing amazing but solid and keeps you wanting to find out more.  Keep in mind that ""fun"" doesn't equal ""exciting"".  It's a slow paced, tactical rpg.  You'll get 50+ hours of exploration in a single playthrough, gradual character development, etc.  It's also got replay value, considering there are a few choices that you have to make that alter the game quite a bit.  There are some mechanics that I could see frustrating some players, like friendly fire chance if there's a teammate near the person who you're shooting at, weapon jam percentage, etc.  But I think it adds to the fun when you start upgrading your weapons to NOT jam so damn much.  Skill checks are a bit annoying, since you have to wait a bit for an animation with each one, and there are a LOT of them.  But it feels like they shortened the wait time in the Director's Cut (along with other improvements that were made to UI and graphics).  The graphics are solid.  Nothing special, but really feels like a polished, higher texture version of a late 90's top-down rpg.The best part about this game, to me, is how the story just kind of develops around you.  For example, my first playthrough:  I'm trying to get my sniper out of this jail.  I'd offered to have him locked up in this settlement (fairly far into the game) while I complete a quest for the leader.  But after I complete, he refuses to let him go!  It's my sniper, so I try to take a hardline against the guy.  This sets off agro for the ENTIRE TOWN (dozens of people and soldiers to suddenly fight).  So my team's backs are agains the wall, fighting endless waves of guards.  As we're fighting, I accidentally target the town's merchant as he's fleeing (the target was red, I thought he was an enemy!) and kill him.  Sorry bro.  Keep fighting, and after 30 minutes or so I finally have murdered the entire town, but my sniper is free!  While I'm looting the corpses for ammo and such, I come across the merchant.  His ENTIRE inventory is on his body, and lootable!  I bank upgrades for all of my characters, plus armor, plus a sizeable amount of money.  Did I feel sad about murdering the town?  Hell no, they'd double crossed me.  Felt more like I'd hit the lotto!  Would do it again.So if you need constant excitement and stimulation to enjoy a game, this won't be for you.  But if you can appreciate a well designed game that unfolds slowly but gives you a great story with random humor mixed in (the screaming goats, lol), then check this out.  I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,240760,24960757,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Jaxar,"** Quick note: I spent around 60 hours playing, and Steam tracks those hours under the 'Directors Cut' sub, but makes us review the game under the vanilla sub, which is kinda odd. **Wasteland 2 is an isometric RPG with turn-based combat set in a post-apocalyptic world. The story is simple enough; you as a group of new Desert Ranger recruits must set out to investigate the murder of another Desert Ranger, and continue on with the work he was trying to do.In your travels you will meet plenty of folks out in the wastes all needing help of some form, and you are free to carve out your story as you see fit. This game excels at throwing moral dilemmas at you, often making you make some pretty tough decisions. Most of the situations you face or often many shades of grey, and you often find yourself trying to decide on what the lesser of two evils may be. I love that sort of gameplay element. There is no ‘good guy’ or ‘bad guy’, and the Wasteland world is a harsh and complicated place.The decisions you make in your travels do have a big impact on the world around you and I love that. You will see a montage upon finishing the game reminding you of the people you met and how your decisions changed their lives or situations.  It also means this game has high re-playability, with multiple story branches to follow on further playthroughs.Apart from that there is plenty of loot to find with all the usual weaponry at your disposal, and your Rangers have fairly diverse skill tree’s to play around with. This game can be quite tough though so unless you’re a veteran to these sorts of things I would suggest playing on normal difficulty and remember to save often.Highly recommend to all CRPG fans."
,Recommended,240760,31933394,Posted: 24 May,all,Johnsilver,"Pretty good. Was a bit sceptical at first cause of some bad reviews, but those were just your avarage trolls hating on stuff.More or less a standard turn based rpg, with a very unusual story and a lot of goodies for old gamers who like these games.Replay value and lots of fun :)The most negative thing i could think of is that its easy to gimp your characters early on and there are lots of times where it seemed the difficulty progressed either a bit too slow or straight on too fast, not really balanced. Some bugs also occured, but not severe enough to ruin the game experience.Other than that it is definetly worth having a look."
76561198055877982,Recommended,240760,23526650,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Master Sergeant,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ So many of these kids are disliking this game. I suppose thats what happens when you give ungrateful brats 2 days of the game for free. This game is one of THE best games i have ever played. All the negative reviews you have been reading lately is from little kids who cant appreciate this game for what it is. A turn based rpg just like they used to  make them, top quality. The people that are down voting this game are COD kids or people who have zero patience or finesse in games like this. In my opinion this game surpasses fallout 1 and 2 and all the other turn based rpg's i have ever played. So far i have played it twice and will probably continue to play it until they release wastleand 3 which will be even more badass than this one was. Support the devs of this game and ignore all the negative comments and prepare for one wild ride."
76561198172568086,Not Recommended,240760,20184783,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KiLEdEnNis,"today I was gonna continue because I haven't played since July the 31stnow I remember why I quit: game crashes in the canyon, it's impossible to continue the game when it always crashes"
,Recommended,240760,13988063,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,tieio,"Just an awesome game, I will spare you the review and simply say all the good things you read about it are true."
76561198019616822,Not Recommended,240760,13910520,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Et in Arcadia Ego,"This is my first review ever here on steam, and never has a game compelled me so much to review it as WL2, so here goes.Short Review:  This is an unfinished game.  If we, as players, accept this very low bar of completion as OK, then we will reap the ""rewards"".In-Depth Review: I think it's important to understand where this game is coming from before criticizing it.  Tons of Fallout fans were less-than-impressed when Fallout 3 came out and, despite being promised something other than a re-skinned Oblivion (now Skyrim) got just that.As such, the hype was huge for a game from the original makers crowdfunded a true sequel with tried-and-tested Firaxis on board.  The target of 1 million was met and grew to 3 million dollars. The game won a GOTY award and has been well-received.That was all I needed, so jumped in and was ready for just such an experience.I did some reading and carefully crafted characters for the long journey ahead, nevermind thst there's very little in a tutorial to prep you.  I'm seasoned gamer, so go!So I end up roaming the wastes and get random encounters.  Some I try, some I try to flee.  You get ""caught"", and then you're loaded into an instance.  The mobs are now romaing about in the instance, not chasing you, and you get to do these a lot unless you have one skill.  Same scenarios and maps.  Hmmm...is this GOTY material?Then you get into your first quest to go to X place and do Y things.  Along the way, my noob party visited a much higher level area than they were fit for.  Hmmm...no warning?Luckily, we left and didn'tengage our certain death.  We went on to the Ag Center.  I was woefully unprepared, but managed to survive most of it...until I found myself at an impass:  I had tried to crack a safe that has a critical keycard to enter one of the next areas, but I critically failed which essentially bricked the safe, which was the only place where I could get the keycard.I went on having learned the critical rule of this game: you save about every 2 seconds and keep vast repositories of save lists.  Unfortunately, I learned this after i borked the safe with the keycard.  Not one to give up, I went on to other areas and did a boss fight where only 2 of my people had ammo left.  After about 20 tries, we got the guy without running out of meds for people he wasted.Now, that's what happened in the game.  The combo of ridiculous bosses, minimal resources, and the CRUSHING fact that I might not get the keycard I needed nearly caused me to uninstall.My reaction to this is now what you might expect, but it's what gets repeated ad nauseum on forums related to this game.  I took this as old school. You just have to deal with your decisions.  YEAH, and this makes everything more realistic, right?  So I left and had my NPC surgeon Rose desert us and picked up Angela Deth, who is great and all but nobody told me i'd need her, and we progressed...But at the same time, the clunky camera and its limited zoom functions created this ""very atmospheric"" sense that I was lost.  I was...and just wanting one more level of zoomout as compared to the satellite view in my inventory.And then you go into a scenario and place your characters just like you want them as you've done a thousand times by this point: in the right position but facing walls.And this was the point of no return.  I just realized that, for all the ""difficulty"" you face,  the execution is just sucky.  I knew that, if enough people complained, patches would fix things,but, I thought to myself for the first time ever, ""THIS is GOTY?""I stopped blaming myself and started thinking ""these are the problems that justify the existence of play-testers.""  Did anyone playtest this game before release?  Not based on my experience, and forums suggest I'm not the only one who's had the same problems I've encountered.AND AND, if you want to see this done right, X-COM does it to near perfection.Bottom line: the game required a million dollar budget.  It got 3 million.  In turn, we got something that is still in beta. finished.I don't blame players who are enjying this, but I'll never trust entities again which have chosen it as GOTY when it's not"
76561197966666321,Not Recommended,240760,13345414,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Velox,"First, let me say that I LOVED the original Fallout games (fallout 1 and 2), and enjoy the occasional turn-based strategy game (X-com, for instance). However, this game just fell a little short. I'm not saying it's a bad game, but I probably wouldn't recommend it, especially at its current price.Pros:- The graphics are good enough for this genre.- The sound is okay- The setting is great, and the overall storyline seems kind of interesting.Cons:- THE CAMERA. Ugh. Unfortunately, the camera does not seem to expand far enough in any one direction, and the overall size and spacing of the terrain means you will constantly be heading into dead ends because the camera didn't let you see far enough ahead. It's not a game breaker, but is consistantly annoying.- Too many skill options. I understand that maybe this eventually improves replayability, but it's frustrating to make it through a couple of quests, level up a couple of times, and still be level 1 in most of the skills you've chosen for your character.- Controls and gameplay are annoying. I don't know of a better way to describe it then that. They are not bad, they are not game breaking, but it is constistantly a nusance to come up on an enemy unexpectedly, and all 4 of your squad members are clustered together and are immediately getting shot at.In summary, it's not a bad game, but so much of it is frustrating and cumbersome that it becomes kind of annoying to play. If it's available on sale, maybe try it out, otherwise pass."
,Recommended,240760,12236924,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,The Livid Christ,"Having had a long, wonderful history with the old Black Isle games (Fallout 1, 2; Torment; Icewind Dale; Baldur's Gate; etc.) I jumped at Wasteland as soon as I read who was developing it. With 20+ hours of gameplay so far, I'm enjoying Wasteland 2 more than I have any other RPG in years -- more than I have any other game I've gotten from Steam in a long time with the exception of Civilization releases.Wasteland 2 is engaging, thought-provoking, well-written, intellectually stimulating, and even educational. Every battle is a new puzzle. No amount of playing can make the player impervious to what may come next. The writing is superb (surprise, surprise) the music is great, the graphics are beautiful -- although not a selling point -- and all in all this game is easily a 9/10 in my book, and it's not even selling at a triple-A title price (just 40 USD on release day).Negatives: people say there are bugs everywhere. I have encountered one. It was not a game killer and I expected to see more bugs than one within 48 hours of release.People say it is too hard. If you were born after 1990, you'll probably hate even the normal difficulty and very likely the game altogether. There's plenty of reading to do and very little hand-holding. I don't mean to be guilty of ageism, it's just that games have gotten far, far, far more user-friendly since the days of Atari and Infocom. The truth is, Wasteland 2 has 1/10th the difficulty of Wasteland, and W2 is catering to the same crowd. In short: this is a *compromise,* and InExile Ent. isn't apologizing.Conclusion: if you loved the Black Isle games and are on the fence about W2, don't be. I'm hardly through my first sizeable misson and I haven't relaxed so deeply into a game in years. It's like all those comfy afternoons playing Baldur's Gate, except new and improved and back in the Wasteland I spent my 20s in. Quality game development in my book, through and through."
,Recommended,240760,12502330,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,RainyDay,"Ever played a game where you, by your own will, decide that a particular faction should be wiped out, ally with an opposing faction in order to get rid of the first, planning to betray them all along, later find out something that changes your perception of both factions and reveals a new enemy, search out for this new threat, find out that this latest threat's leader actually has a decent plan you can go along with, succeed and feel like everything has gone as smoothly as possible only to later find out you absolutely ♥♥♥♥ed up everything?That's how Wasteland 2 do."
,Recommended,240760,33810537,Posted: 26 July,all,Wolf619,"Wasteland 2 is one of the best RPG's i've ever played.It can run on low spec computers.Sure it's a bit pricey but get it on sale.If you like fallout or or the new shadow run games you'll love it.I'm about 70 hrs in and not even half way through the game,I take my time though, I open every chest and check every corner for toasters.Can't recommend it enough, if you are on the fence totally buy it.I have noticed some bugs and what not it's not 100% polished also I noticed there isnt much of a wasteland 2 community in the way of mods, which really suprises me. This game must be very hard to mod or something, wish the devs would patch this one but looks like that wont happen.So far I give this game a 8/10, would be a 9 but there are bugs, i dont want to give spoilers here though.Much better than the shadow run rpgs, thats not a knock against shadowrun, this game is really good!IF you do play...Take time to get custom profile pictures off the internet (easy to find on google). You get more attached to the players if you have custom pictures.Also a friend (TEEBAG) recommended I write bios, so I'm going to do that as well."
,Recommended,240760,23506993,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Godo,"'there was too many text to read''the game play is retro , the play map is confining , claustrophobic , the combat is mediocre'Sorry kids that the game is following back to it's roots, but not everything can be a Fallout 3-4 clone.The game is great for what it is and meant to be: a roleplaying crpg post-apocalyptic adventure. Going back to when you had to READ text to understand a story or plot, Wasteland 2 allows you to become immersed in your story with even allowing you to create your own backstories for your characters and customize them. The game has tons and tons of backstory that you can read through if your aren't as lazy as many of these negative steam reviews are. Of course this might not be the type of thing people aren't into but there's no reason to give a negative a review just because you thought the 'gameplay is retro - dislike' like really? What did you expect a game to be when it's trying to mimic the same techniques from a game made in 1988?? This game brings back it's cRPG roots from a 26 year long hiatus, and if you don't like it: it's alright, but don't go placing a dislike due to it being a 'waste of HD space' because it obvious that you can't come up with any constructive criticism that follows up with your argument of it being a 'waste of time'.I'd give it a 9/10 - for what it's trying to be, it does it flawlessly. However, it does suffer from the occasional crashes and camera problems."
,Recommended,240760,13882135,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,FadingCeiling,"First and foremost - THIS IS NOT FALLOUT (first nor second)! Drill this to your head. Do not buy this game thinking it's Fallout. Do not PLAY this game thinking it's Fallout. Wasteland is one thing, Fallout is something completely different. Now lets begin.Do you like post-apocalyptic lite CRPGs? If you do then this is something you should definately check out. Now when I say ""lite"" I do really mean it. This game feels, at times, extremely shallow and simplistic in everything from interactions with the environment, quests, combat and items. Everything is simplified. Yet this still is a good and enjoyable game and worth every penny you spend to buy it.The closest comparison that I can make to this game is Fallout Tactics, which in my opinion was vastly underrated and received way too much flak than it deserved, and I still rate Fallout Tactics higher than this.Character creation is based on the CLASSIC system (whereas Fallout uses SPECIAL) with just attributes and skills. No special perks or traits. You can customize your Rangers appearance, bio and so on but none of that affects your game in anyway.Combat is single squad, turn-based and squared grid layout playing field. Nothing too fancy, straightforward and to the point. You have different guns, bombs and heavy weapons with some different fire modes and ability to try a headshot. The cover system is similiar to the new XCOM Enemy Unknown game with the icon showing cover positions.Quests are typical (somewhat gliche'd) CRPG quests of fetch things, solve problems and make binary choices between factions.Environment is a bit stoic. Things you can interact with can be highlighted with a press of a key and that's about it.Game is full of easter eggs, dark humour and references. This was actually something that really started to annoy me. It feels like in every scene and place you visit is just riddled with them. I mean come on! Candy is nom noms but too much candy makes your stomach hurt.As a whole Wasteland 2 is a good game. It's not fantastic or rebirth of CRPGs. It's just a good game. Just do not try to compare it to Fallout games. The only things these have in common are Fargo and the post-apocalyptic theme."
76561197994612766,Recommended,240760,18302908,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,GhostMessiah,"Amazing game! There are almost no turn based squad combat games, but luckily Wasteland 2 fills this niche, and does it so well! The atmosphere is very fallout-esque (I know Wasteland 1 came first, but more people are familiar with Fallout). There is also a Director's Cut coming out soon that adds a ton of new features, I can't wait for it!If you like X-Com, the original Fallout (1 & 2), Fallout Tactics, or any other fun tactical turn based games then this is a game for you!"
,Recommended,240760,12198923,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Chrithu,"If you loved ""Fallout 1"" and ""Fallout 2"" as well as ""The Fall - Last Days of Gaya"" you will absolutely love Wasteland 2.  Party based RPGs have been missing for a LONG time, those in a post-apocalytic setting for even longer. Wasteland 2 brings this forgotten genre back to live with thrilling tactical combat, great story telling and that sense of humor that made the orignal Fallouts so great in the first place.I am not sure how far in the story I am now but after doing the first set of major places (4 of them visited) I can also say that they really stuck through with their promises that choices in this game would matter. Both local and immidiatly as well as on the grand scheme of things to come. And I love the game for it.I am not really sure what some people's gripe with the combat system is because as far as I can see there is not much difference from X-Com's and Shadowrun's systems other than some rules about iniative that lead to enemies doing their turns before some of your squadmates do as well as squadmates having two action phases per round. And hey for the most part the AI acts a lot smarter than in those games, which makes overcoming forces that outnumber your squad quite the challenge. You gotta use the terrain and cover otherwise you are quickly out of means to heal your squad or even worse out of ammo.A Modding Toolkit is announced for some time after release and when it arrives I am looking forward to playing some really great mods."
,Recommended,240760,12226611,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Blazar IV,"I might as well recommend this game now. Etiquette tells me I should wait until I've completed the game to give a full perspective, but let's face it- this game is deep enough I'll probably never get to it.It contains all the best parts of the old text-heavy, turn-based RPGs of years ago. The isometric perspective might be nostalgic, but it works so well. There are a ton of great details that make combat fun and interesting with more than enough skills and attributes to make each point assignment a tough debate.Perks are sadly missing. That really would have iced the deal. Regardless, you're getting a great script, fun old-school gameplay with some modern tweaks.If the game has already caught your eye, you aren't going to be disappointed with a purchase. Between this and Divinity: Original Sin, you've got the rest of your year set on PC games and then some."
,Recommended,240760,12698118,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"Ian McEwan once said that very few really long novels earn their length. I feel the same way about computer roleplaying games - especially the kind calling itself Final Fantasy.Wasteland 2 is a game that requires a ♥♥♥♥ing huge commitment - beating it took me 100 hours (more or less, I tend to be a slowbie). And that was just one playthrough where I played the game as a stereotypical do-gooder hero, exploring everything and being a helpful do-gooder with a ♥♥♥♥ed up set of character skills and a tendency to reload and find the best outcome to satisfy my sad, sad do-gooder neediness.But god damn it, this game is worth it if you're into these kinds of timesinks. It's a mix between the old gameplay styles of Wasteland and more recently released computer roleplaying games - a lot of the mechanics of the original Wasteland are at play here, re-tooled for an experience more suited for modern gaming. What I liked the most about it was the ability to solve problems through different means without hinting too deeply at what a solution could be, letting me get creative whenever I could. Locked safe? Hit it with a grenade. Locked door? Get that sledgehammer and ♥♥♥♥ it apart. Terrified settler due to gigantic robot scorpion? Hack the mini-scorpions that it produces to distract the big scorpion while drilling .50 caliber rounds into its face. A guy begging for a CD-i? Shoot him in the face and take his video game rocket launcher to sell for Snake Squeezins. This is such a refreshing breath of fresh air in a roleplaying game, this ability to solve problems!And yes, it looks like something from 2003. Yes, you shouldn't need to read a little text box to figure out what's going on in the game, but what are you, scared of reading? Are you yeller about words? If I had any complaints beyond those two, I'd say the combat gets a wee bit much at times, the atmosphere and story are good but a bit flat in some places, and the thought of playing it AGAIN over another fifty hours or so is not something I'm interested at all in doing right now (but then again, I don't typically re-play video games I beat, mainly because I'm out chasing after a new experience or doing something equally wasteful with my time, like moving my eyes to read a page of things in a collection of pages bound by a spine that also is host to two covers HAVE YOU FIGURED IT OUT YET, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S?)So yes. I wholeheartedly recommend Wasteland 2. It's a goddamn joy to play, experience, and mess with."
,Recommended,240760,33736852,Posted: 22 July,all,Aug,"(Review for Director's Cut version - single playthrough ~50 hours)Pros:The writing is absolutely phenomenal.  The overarching plot isn't really anything special, but the major locations you go to are very creative and inspired.  Comparable to or even surpassing FO2 or New Vegas.  Some of the best writing I've seen in years, to be honest.  And there is a lot of it.The setting is cool, if unoriginal, and it's pretty open ended.You level up a ton, so there's a pretty constant feeling of progression.There's lots of hidden stuff and easter eggs and generally clever references.Mediocre:Combat is ok.  It starts to get repetitive, just due to the lack of options, and you approach every fight pretty much the same way.The character generation and progression is pretty bland.  It's pretty much entirely just increasing your % chance for good stuff to happen (combat hit, crit chance, unlock door, disarm trap, etc.)  Perks are cool, but none of them feel gamechanging or worth building a character around, like they would in FO2.You'll be using some skills ALL THE TIME, and nearly all of them simply result in you getting more money/ammo.  By the end of the game, you will be drowning in them, and there's really nothing that comes along that makes it worthwhile.  BUT, every once in a while, you'll find a quest item or somesuch, so you never feel like it's safe to just skip all the locked chests.Cons:Your party is just a bunch of random dudes which you create, with no personal storyline.You determine your characteristics right away, but then you encounter additional party members pretty soon who can overlap with your own skills, meaning you just wasted all those skill points.  Pretty frustrating unless you play from a guide and know that is coming.There's a lot of borderline worthless skills, except for a couple instances where they are super critical for quests. (I'm looking at you, Toaster Repair.)The first few areas (~5 hours worth) are pretty bland, combat heavy, and will remind you of Fallout Tactics."
,Not Recommended,240760,12373754,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Draconis🐊,"Let me preface this review with the following: Do not buy this game unless it is $15 dollars or less. In this game Armor actually kills you and you have to strip down to actually beat some encounters or you will die!Spoilers will be in here.So after 70+ Hours I think I have played enough of this and gotten the mechanics down to write a review. Now I get this is supposed to be a classic styled game. I loved Wasteland and the Fallout series which is why I had to play this. I went in expecting some pretty decent gameplay ala Fallout 1 & 2 style. While the base game has some decent overtones and it looks extremely polished. The feel and amibiance are fantastic game looks and feels great and just oozes style. However the mechanics are what destroys this title or should I say lack thereof.Unpopular Mechanics: How the Waste was made.So lets get this started you have Attributes which give you various bonuses to derived stats and a lot of skills. Every skill or stat goes from 1 to 10 including the  equipped armor stat, but more on that later. Now most of your stats are straight forward extra skill points on level up or higher crit chance on in particular is interesting ""Combat Intiative"". Seems pretty standard it makes you act sooner in combat right? Well partially right, it allows you to act faster in combat. Meaning you can go two or even three times more then a character with a low score. Making it a godly stat if you get enough of it. Also the average of 13-15 is considered low by the game. Enemies have average 17-19 meaning they go first and sometimes twice before you do.That leads us into the mess which is Wasteland 2's combat system. Lets start with weapons and see what does what.Assault rifles: High damage, wonky stats between rifles as some higher tier ones do horribly low damage and most have a solid three round burst mode. This is the go to weapon for most situations the only draw back is they have accuracy penalty at point blank range and if a enemy moves next to you a further aim on all shots is inccured. Also the enemies WILL do this every chance they get to cripple your snipers even if they don't attack them.Pistols: high crit low base damage. Early ones fire for a pittance of 3 action points a shot allowing you to do some damage. Later higher but not assault rifle damage ones are typically 4 AP a shot. A decent side arm for using 4 ap you can't shoot with a rifle as you switch between guns, not particularly effective though, As you can rarely get a third shot off late game.Heavy Weapons: These are joke level, they waste huge amounts of bullets to fire large bursts of VERY low damage shots that combine up to equal a couple good assault rifle shots. Bonus joke is you start with a broken M2 .50 caliber machingun rechambered in 5.56 if you select this skill at start. Even though you get .50 BMG ammo later on there is apprantly no real M2 that uses it. To put it in perspective a assault rifle using the same round does 44-70 damage for the 20-30 damage of a heavy weapon. Both of which will be reduced by enemy armor making even a minigun barrages damage miniscule. No mods can be used so they will jam or not have great chance to hit/Hit your own dudes.Submachine guns: These are to pistols what heavy weapons are to assault rifles. Low damage bullet wasters.Energy Weapons: Now we are talk here is the games central gimmick and one of things that breaks the game utterly. The more armor the target has the more damage it takes from energy weapons. Late game enemies use energy weapons and melee weapons that go right through your armor. There is a ambush later in the game where synthetics attack you from all directions, I died after 2-3 turns and retried this encounter many times and went back and leveled up and did stuff I might have missed. I was level 34 at my highest character and still died. Solution? I took off my armor before entering the location and the 120 damage hits I was taking turned into 15-20 damage hits. I completed the whole fight with no one under 80% health and having done NO healing during the fight.Totally disgusting as all my power armor and cool gear I worked for actually slowed me down and made me take MORE damage. Also Explosives do straight damage ignoring armor so a pipe bomb always does 50 damage and a frag grenade does 100.To reiterate I had to take off all my armor in order to progress through the game or I would die if they I wore armor.Shotguns: Laughable for a good eighty percent of the game. Enemies will often kill each other with the low damage cone effect. Later ones gain burst fire but insane accuracy penalties where they will either do maybe a shot of assault rifle damage or triple shot remove late game enemies.Sniper rifles: High damage and long range, Keep enemies back or lure them in for close combat. The best gun in the game is likely the .50 caliber sniper rifle you pull out of the dump as it can and will crit for 250+ oh and like pistols these have a high base crit and rarely miss when in range.Oh and uh melee weapons: they do more damage based on levels you put into them even though it apprantly doesn't say that. Anything with AP 2-3 is extremly viable especially against rifle using enemies who will run away from you. If you max these out early they are absurd like no other. Especially as later ones have very high armor pen and status effects. Do not trust the listed damage, once you are 6-8 skill points in they pulp whatever you hit, and you can swing multiple times.Skills or how I learned to extend play time through save scumming. Every skill besides first aid (unless surgery on npc's) has a critical failure. Even a easy 92% check has a chance of going HORRIBLY wrong and maiming your character or breaking whatever you were interacting with. This can straight up break entire quests as you break a lock and are unable to progress in that chain. Frequent saving and loading on critical areas is advised. The game loves to throw critical failures even when its only a 5% chance to hit them.Weaponsmithing is a mess as it provides a chance to get weapon mods by destroying guns. The random list has older mods which are no longer useful. Though breaking weapons can lead to weapon parts which can be sold at the ranger citadel in arizona for huge profit once you get the basic tier of mods done. Even maxxed out the chances of good mods is not that good unless you have stacks of high tier energy guns and assault rifles. which can instead be sold for bullets and health items better guns.Theres also a bunch of crazy trinkets that you can swap out for stat bonuses though you will have to save scum when you realize you didn't have your ranger badge on when you needed that extra point of hardass in a conversations as the conversation skill prompts are removed if you quit the conversation or talk about something else no backsies!Speaking of no backsies, if you pass up a safe or locked item only to come back when you have higher skill. Several times the safes are now ""looted by scavengers"". Tough break.The quests, dialog, writng, amibiance, voice acting, art style, animation, story and basically every thing else are top notch. However this game most reminds me of Arcanum with its horrible skill and combat system.So in summery: Armor kills you and also slows you down, Assault rifles blow basically everything out of the water, even more so when weaponsmithed (save scum those laser sights!), Combat intiative is the best stat next to action points, You can go two to three times for their one and get all your action points each time. Heavy weapons are a funny joke by the devs and are ineffectual unless enemies spam them and even then kinda meh.Finally, you can't polish a turd but you can sure ruin something trying to polish it with a turd."
,Recommended,240760,12639345,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Fishzerg,"Wasteland 2 is a great take on post-apocalypse. It's very similar to Fallout 1 & 2 and should appeal to anyone who loved those.Game's a mix of RPG (both character development in terms of skills and attributes, and choices in story and consequences). The story is again similar to Fallout series, with a dose of humor and typical post-apocalypse madness. It was definetly entertaining and motivating to find out, but could have been slightly better written to enhance the immersion. The world in Wasteland 2 is huge and allows a lot of exploration, but is not entirely open: you have to progress the story to gain access to certain areas. The world itself is highly detailed in content, and is therefore fun to explore. My favorite part of exploration is that you can find interesting and weird stuff where you least expect it. Here I rather mean finding weird characters and in most cases items, and not unique new quests or adventures like you do in the newer Fallout games.I was somewhat disappointed by the graphics. The details of certain objects and buildings were non-existent. I wish the game simply was sharper and more detailed, which would farther help increase the atmosphere. The voice acting was in most cases pretty good, but not always convincing, and to compare to Fallout 1 & 2 lacked some of the uniqueness in the characters you meet (i.e. like Marcus), but only to a lesser extent: there are lots of weird people out there.In general the game is absolutely worth your time. Strongly suggested to Fallout fans (especially 1&2) and those who are into post-apocalypse in general, or just someone looking for a game that can draw you in for at least 50 hours. I spent 80 in the end, and still hadn't explored every corner in the wasteland and finished all side quests."
76561197996457533,Not Recommended,240760,12167675,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Moonbat,"Please stop comparing this game to Fallout 1 & 2.  Please stop saying things like it's ""the true Fallout 3.""It's not.  It's not even close.  It lacks any and all of Fallout's whimsical charm, it forces you to create a squad at the beginning instead of striking out on a lonely, eerie struggle.Moreover, the game feels like it's high on its own supply.  Overhyped, oversold, generally just not ideal for someone who wants an original Fallout experience.  There's a big difference between this super serious, staid setting and the wacky retro-future of Fallout.Honestly, this is like a better verison of Fallout: Tactics at the end of the day.  I'm not saying this is a bad game, it's just extremely misleading to compare it to the original Fallout titles.  It is NOT like them.  No traits, no perks, no color or humor.  Not enough attribute and skill points at the beginning for an individual character, since you're supposed to make four.  There's no room for character development or finding your own identity.  The very first conversation, I'm pushed into saying ""sir"" constantly and being a military recruit.  Maybe I don't WANT to join the rangers.Maybe I want to just run out into the wilderness or find a city hub and just make my own path - like I did in Fallout.I realize everyone is different.  But part of the reason I loved Fallout was that my companions had their own minds and I didn't have to micromanage them constantly.  It ended up creating hilarious (and sometimes awful) situations in which my companions surprised me in combat.  Overall, it was more immersive (to me) because I was focused entirely on my own character, instead of mysteriously mind-controlling a group.Overall, it's hard to say whether or not I recommend the game.  I know some people will love it.  But I can't get over the vast disappointment after I was lead to believe, from literally everyone, that this is like Fallout.  It's not.  Fallout, in my opinion, is way more fun.  Mechanically, aesthetically, and otherwise.Just one woman's point of view.  Take it or leave it."
76561197967810533,Recommended,240760,12216575,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Matey,Wasteland 2 is awesome. It does all the little things right; all the little things that made fallout 1 and 2 so amazing. Tons of little details all over the place that really make the setting come alive. It has that good ol humour as well but it doesn't seem forced or out of place... it just works. This is the fallout game I've been waiting for since Fallout Tactics in 2001... It was a long long wait.
76561198109158166,Recommended,240760,23907549,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DankSerpico,"You can't actually write a review for the Directors Cut because... Steam. I have 94 hours logged on that game and finished it so, here's my review then!In many ways a throwback to classic isometric PC RPGs. Can be brutally difficult at times but I enjoyed the challenge. There is some degree of learning curve to deal with as well. Basically if there is a stat you can level up, it's probably useful. Do not sleep on Kiss♥♥♥♥♥ Smart♥♥♥♥♥ Hard♥♥♥♥♥ and Perception. Even Toaster repair is pretty useful. Other than that, explosives are your best friend. Unless the explosive in question is one of the many land mines you will step on... hence why perception is important.I wouldn't say it's an incredibly ambitious game but it gets the job done. The game seems to run fast and largely bug free. The graphics get reused a lot and really aren't anything amazing. You'll see the same character portrait several dozen times. They actually seemed to have crowdsourced a lot of the assets. So you funded the game... and you kind of made it too... It may be spartan, but it may finally push you to get off your♥♥♥♥♥and make your own game in Unity.When it comes to cons, the worst part of the game would have to be the VO. I played the majority of the game without headphones on. Some of the voice actors sound very amateurish and seem to want to drag out their lines for an eternity. I can only guess this was a backer reward or maybe one of the developers owed someone a favor. Other than that, the music is decent enough.In some ways Wasteland 2 was more enjoyable than Fallout 4. There are many times your decisions actually have impact on the outcome of the story (F you Preston Garvey!). The sense of humor, while juvenile, gives the game a nice vibe that contrasts with the dark subject matter. It has much more personality and challenge than Fallout 4 but it is also more ballsy and ""adult"" in subject matter.If you love classic isometric RPGs then give Wasteland 2 a shot."
76561198169358900,Not Recommended,240760,29578657,Posted: 29 January,all,jhatou,"Old-school to a fault. Buggy as all hell, even in its Director's Cut form - and this is basically what stopped me from finishing it. The way the game is designed makes you think that you can really solve many quests in oh so many different ways, but your creativity is unlikely to be rewarded, as approaching a task from an angle not intended by the developers may run you into bugs\unfinishable quests. It is also very long, and with the problems mentioned above, plus the turn-based combat making things even slower (and I do normally enjoy turn-based combat), it becomes a drawn-out slog. Waste of time, only for fans of the genre so hardcore as to not care for the (utterly unpleasant) pain that this game brings alongside its intended experience."
76561198032369915,Not Recommended,240760,26435930,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,vukodlak,"I really wanted to like Wasteland 2, but in the end I feel it failed me on most counts, the first and foremost being the writing, to the point where I couldn't muster the will to finish the last mission after 81 hours in (Director's Cut).The good?* Squad management with all the skills and weapon types is actually fun.* Combat is enjoyable enough.* The setting has some gloriously bizarre moments and characters.But all of it is undermined by shoddy execution, overall simplistic writing, lazy and uninspired artwork (honestly, Fallout Tactics looks better and put more effort into customizing character portraits) - all the things that kill immersion and suck the fun out of the game.As far as execution goes, there're plenty things in the game that feel unfinished or unpolished. Pieces of dangling quests here and there or failure to react to you doing things in wrong order, small things like rearranging squad formation or viewing completed quests sorted in order, reused locations - all contribute to the death of a thousand cuts. Squad management fun is obliterated by the fact that your companions don't level if you leave them at the base, which effectively means that you'll be stuck with almost the same party throughout the game. So much for recruit diversity.But what really killed the game for me was the writing. I'm honestly struggling to see the lauded brilliance here. It's a pulpy shlock, by design, sometimes funny and eccentric, but so over the top that it kills all tension and willingness to care. It doesn't know what tone it wants to set. On one hand it attempts to be grim and portray a ruthless wasteland, but most such moments go hand in hand with cartoonish grotesque hilarity. First third-to-a-half of the game is a tedious linear slog. The Prison -> Canyon -> Damonta stretch is a dreary and dull timesink with no redeeming qualities or payoff. But when it suddenly becomes somewhat more open, you are still offered only cartoon characters, clear cut black and white choices and moustache twirling villains. The choices are obvious, the outcomes are formulaic, quest chains predictable, no subtlety, no suspense, no stakes. The one moment of doing something different literally happens during the 2nd assignment, and that's that, the only trick up Wasteland's sleeve.It probably sounds a bit too harsh and bitter. If I had an option, I would've given WL2 a mixed review. Ultimately it's a game that can be fun but is undone by its flaws, and in the end looking back all I feel is frustration and disappointment, so I can't honestly recommend it. ...The first Shadowrun Returns also left a sour taste of disappointment in my mouth. But it was followed by Dragonfall and Hong Kong - two games I love to death. Here's hoping that inXile could only go up from WL2."
76561198042228233,Recommended,240760,16459909,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Red-_-Monkey,"8.5/10(-1.5 mostly mechanical reasons, bugs, cannot edit the appearence of non-ranger allies and the CAMERA Control is annoying in some areas. I have 2 native american people who look 'out of place' with what they're wearing. Who wants some twigs held together by threads protecting you in a gun-fight?)This is one of those games where you're playing it for the 1st time, you're about 30+ hours into the game and you cannot wait until you complete it, simply so you can start a whole new game.A lot of games these days boast about how your decisions effect the story and the path you'll take but in reality they're usually weak and have very little consequences to your actions but here, you'll be enqountering many branches, each as strong as the last in terms of how your team will grow and what plots you'll follow.A shout out to people who start bad reviews with ""I'm a fan of the old fallout games"" - If you played the old fallout games and don't like this game.... you must not be a big fan of them OR you don't realise you've become a fan boy.+ The characters are great, imaginative enough to make you want to learn more them, instead of doing it not to miss valuable info. I've also become very attached to my own custom characters who have intertwine backstories.+ Weapons etc keep you interested in, what's in the next box? If you play right you can have some explosive firefights. I once had 2 rangers use burst fire, 1 ranger use his SMG, one use his pistol, 1 use her sniper rigle all in the space of a second in an ambush attack.+ It is TACTICAL. I have about 400+ hours on Arma3 and what you learn from that can be applied to this game.+ The mechanics in place like, weapon variety, abilties, perks etc have been crafted very well and the feel' of being a TEAM is strong. If I lost a member, I'd be lost for some time, morally and strategically.+ EPIC replayabilty... I really mean it.TLDR : If you cannot enjoy this game, You must be out of touch with your inner geeky gamer or bought the game out of hype."
,Recommended,240760,34260722,Posted: 15 August,all,GarrickWinter,"Note that this is a review of the Director's Cut, which I completed in about 40 hours but doesn't seem to show here.While the visuals may feel off-putting at first and the outright excessive amounts of skills and junk loot can get overwhelming, Wasteland 2 ends up being a pretty fun and compelling post-apocalyptic RPG.There are a diverse set of places to visit and people to meet/help/kill, and a wide array of weapons and challenges that you can respond to more or less how you like. I enjoyed dealing with the story quests and occasionally breaking into places to bypass problems, and there were a few pretty neat characters among the bland ones. The ending sequence was quite well-done, with a few genuinely surprising moments capping off story points from throughout the game. Combat feels suitably weighty and sometimes chaotic, and there are plenty of weird tidbits scattered throughout the wastes.Overall a good and enjoyable game, though it does have some typical CRPG flaws - voice acting was inconsistent, there was way too much loot to manage, and narrative quality was inconsistent too - some of the characters or scenarios lacked imagination and relied too much on tired tropes, even though others were fun and interesting."
,Recommended,240760,23697743,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Casket The Clown,"Wasteland 2 is a post-apocalyptic CRPG created by InXile Entertainment. The long overdue sequel to the 1988 game Wasteland, it takes place in the western United States, in Arizona and later California, after that brutal 1998 nuclear war that totally happened. You create a squad of characters, all new recruits to the ""Desert Rangers,"" a group trying to bring a semblance of lawfulness back into a desolate wasteland.Wasteland 2 can be seen as the spiritual successor to Fallout, as it's viewpoint, combat, and general feel is much closer to that than the original Wasteland. The combat is somewhat similar to the original Fallouts, although much more focused on in this game. Instead of controlling a single character with companions being completely AI, the game allows you to control each character on their turn. This adds more of a turn-based strategy feel in the combat; it's more about positioning and tactics than straight up firepower and ability to withstand said firepower. Fallout Tactics holds a similar, albeit clunkier, playstyle. The different skills are pretty good for the most part, although some weapon types do stand out as more useful.The freedom in this game seems scant at first, as you are immediately forced into the Desert Rangers and sent off on a mission, but diverges almost right away with multiple choices as to where to go first, who to help, etc. Only one time limit is imposed, and this time limit simply alters the game rather than ending it outright like in the first Fallout. Folks who prefer the darker side of life also have the option to go rogue in one of two ways, but I'll leave those up for you to discover. It's not completely open world, but more a sequence of maps linked by an overworld map.The graphics get the job done, but they're by no means stunning. Running in the Unity engine, the optimization is okay. The general aesthetic is certainly good, but it doesn't quite jump out at me like Fallout 1 and 2, or even Wasteland 1. The primary complaint would be the character models, they're not too distracting, but they aren't exactly the fluffiest sheep in the barn. To say it bluntly, the character models are bad, and at times don't even match the portrait of the character in question.ProsCombat system is complex and strategic, especially compared to it's predecessors.Freedom to approach situations, although combat is less avoidable.The world itself is goodVarietyConsCharacter models aren't very good.Some skills aren't as useful as others, although most are fun to use.Can be difficult for a first-time player.Final Thoughts:Fans of its forebears will find it pretty enjoyable, and certainly a worthy successor, and anyone who needs that CRPG itch scratched will be plenty happy with it. Those who like fast, action-packed games will have to look elsewhere.Rating:9/10This review was written for and is published on theLit Reviews [LR] curator page."
76561198047102011,Not Recommended,240760,12534949,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Arngrim,"Ultimately, Wasteland 2 is an average game that scratches a particular nostalgia itch for many gamers and is receiving praise beyond its merits.  Quite frankly, the Turn-based strategy genre has been in a drought for nearly a decade and fans are dying of thirst to the extent they'll lap up contaminated water riddled with disease and ask for seconds.  They're so enamored with a sub-standard product they don't recognize they're dying a most dishonorable death from dysentery.Combat - The combat is lackluster and is not tactical nor strategic in any sense of the fashion.  OK Corral gun duels might be more appropriate, except slow and with none of the skill involved.  If you want a game with good combat, just replay XCOM2012 or Xenonauts.Character building - No skill tree, no perks, nothing to be found except redundant skills to simply dump your stat points into every time you level up.  If you're looking for the complexity and fun of a D&D style character sheet, keep looking.  If you're looking for a Fallout perk system... keep looking.  Even Diablo 3, which the avid fans of W2 seem keen to mock, has a far more indepth character building system.Story -  Glaring plot hole at the beginning of the game that most people seem to overlook or simply not notice.  Even if you look past that, the only clever aspect of the entire game is the little Easter Eggs you'll occasionally find.  However, finding kitty litter, a condom, or big black didlo for the 15th time is just sad.  It's funny the first time, but like any good joke, you have to know when to quit effing telling it.  If you want a game with a good story, reboot Mass Effect, BG, Fallout... pretty much any other CRPG.Characters - Easily forgettable and none that will be remembered.  No Minsc & Boo, HK-47, Commander Shepards, Irenicus (best villain ever), Tomi Grin Undergallows etc.  No Delita or Ramza to be found here.  For the most part, they're as bland and lifeless as the Arizona wastes you'll wander around for the first half of the game.Exploration - Some of the environments are interesting, but with the terrible combat and random loot, much of the fun is taken out of it.Graphics - The game wasn't trying to inspire us with graphical prowess or eye porn, but what it delivered is unpolished and ugly.  Some will argue it's stylistic or gritty, but to each their own.Sound - Ok, but no gripping musical scores to be found here.At the end of the day, everything W2 set out to do has been done before (obviously), but done far better."
76561198029835893,Recommended,240760,17416218,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,justaman,"This is hell of a game for me.If you like retro rpg game like fallout1, multi-ending stories, more than 1 time playable, I strongly recommend this.I'm kind of a dull-emotional man, but I see ending dialogs it makes me cry everytime.maybe its just me."
,Recommended,240760,12204945,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Klaus Von Guts,"I remember playing the original Wasteland on my dads computer 13 years ago and I was clueless as to how the game operated and I spent no more than 2 minutes with it and never went back to it until last year.I played through Wasteland and found myself pleasantly suprised by the depth the game had and how enjoyable and how much I got attached to my custom made rangers.So now we have finally come to Wasteland 2 a game which has been patiently waited for by fans of the series for over 25 years (You give Half Life fans a run for their money) and it's return is glorious.The story of Wasteland 2 is as follows, You and your group of rangers(All of which you can personally customize) are tasked with regulating the hostile wastes of Arizona and later Los Angeles from raiders, mutants, robots, cyborgs and more.One aspect of Wasteland 2 is choice, like most games that have cropped up recently Wasteland 2 is no acception to choice based gameplay.One of the first choices you make is decieding whether to save the town of highpool from raiders or saving an agricultural facility from mutants.It was great to see that this choice had a lasting effect, as I choose the AG Center first, Highpool was destroyed and taken over by raiders as a result.The gameplay is similar to the original Wasteland but thanks to the advancement of technology we now have gameplay which will be more remeniscent of the games which Wasteland inspired allah Fallout with it's turn based gameplay and chance based combat, this means you have action points which are used in combat and anything from movement, attacking, healing and reviving all take up points.This means you have to be strategic and choose your actions carefully so 2AP for crouching, 3 for moving into position and 3 to take a shot.Weapons all have different AP usage rifles typically use 7AP and using pistols and fists takes up 3AP.Now onto the graphics.Wasteland 2 uses the unity engine and it does a pretty good job of capturing the look and feel of the post apocolaypse with run down buildings, sandy plains and nature taking back the enviroment with green plantlife and vine covered roads and buildings.It's been a long time coming and it does not disappoint in the slightest.If you are a fan of the original Wasteland, Fallout or stories set in the post apocolaypse Wasteland 2 is one that will kick you to the ground, stick your head into an irradiated toilet and keep you invested until the bitter end."
76561198120398885,Recommended,240760,12941434,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,psychotron666,"Wasteland 2 is an amazing game and instant classic. It's very much like Fallout 1 and 2 (which were based off the first wasteland game), with lots of differences.First of all, you start by creating a party of up to 4 people (and can have a party up to 7 from npcs recruited in game), there a tons of different skill to choose from for each character, ranging from mechanical repair, to computer science to assault rifles, pistols, shotguns, outdoorsman, smart♥♥♥♥♥hard♥♥♥♥♥kiss♥♥♥♥♥(3 dialogue skills that vary on attitude), etc.There is also a decent attribute system, much like the SPECIAL from fallout, except this one is called CLASSIC (coordination, luck, Awareness, Strength, Speed, Intelligence and Charisma), and the attributes have a huge impact on characters and what they can do.The battle system is much like DnD or any D20 system, grid turn based combat, using initiative to choose when people act. If you've played X Com then it's much like that, except more in depth (then the newest x com) in terms of mechanics and what you can do. As opposed to the two move system from x com or D20, this one is based off action points (like the original fallout games), you have so many action points (depending on your speed, strength, awareness and many more) that you can do in a turn. Walking 1 square requires 1 action point, shooting different weapons require more as well as other various actions.Travelling the world map, again is very much like the original fallout games. You have the map, and your icon traverses across it as you may run into random encounters, there are oasises everywhere that give you water (as you gotta refill water to keep traversing the map), and you can run across various settlements this way. There are also radiation clouds that you must watch out for, you can go through them but you need radiation gear otherwise your party will get killed while walking through  it.On top of the game mechanics and battle systems, the quests themselves are very intriguing, lots of side content and missions to do, and A LOT of choices to do in those missions. You can do missions so many different ways, from sneaking into a fort and killing some dudes to negotiating with them and allying them with you, to poisoning their food and killing them off.The main big missions usually have various different outcomes in the missions, each giving you a drastically different faction running an area, or having you liked or hated by another faction, and even unlocking different potential companions depending on how you finished the mission.The game itself sort of gears you to be a ""good guy"", in that you are a team of rangers that are supposed to be a police force in a post apocalyptic wasteland - but you don't have to be. Though the game would be MUCH harder being a bad guy, there's nothing stopping you and you can kill anyone you feel like for any reason. Though your NPC characters (that arent created by the PC) usually dont like when you go around double dealing guys, killing innocents and just failing to protect people (though there are other NPCs that don't mind you doing so, just dont expect the philantropist doctor girl to stay with your team when you betray a settlement or start murdering people indiscriminately).Hell, you can even roleplay the morally gray ranger that is willing to sacrifice people and lives for the greater good if you so desired.So far, i'm about over 100 hours in game (right now steam says im at 88, but after an update when i was about 20 some hours in, it reset my hours played for some reason), and I'm only about half way done the main game (though ive been doing any side stuff that i come across).So far the game is amazing to me and im having a blast with it. Been waiting for a game like this for a long time, and definitely having a lot of fun with it and to me, this game will be a classic that i go back and play multiple times over the years, much like other classic RPGS such as Fallout 1 and 2, Knights of the old republic, Bauldur's gate, Neverwinter nights and Morrowind and so on.I would recommend this game to any RPG fan, specifically hard core RPG fans, and this game is definitely worth the 40 dollars for the base game. Such an awesome game!"
,Recommended,240760,23511234,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Kinthalis,"It's challening, it's well written with interesting characters and although it doesn't feature quite the same level fo Agency of the original fallouts, it's likely to remind you why those games were so good, specially compared to what's come out since.Definitely give it a shot if you like cRPG's."
76561197978022877,Recommended,240760,25353754,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,SirSpliffAlot,"Really nice game, you can do a lot of things.It's a mix of Fallout 2, baldur's gate and Jagged alliance 2.-Post apocalyptic style from Fallout.-Not that much from baldur's gate except the talking interface.-Baldur's gate was tactic with a  button for freeze the whole game, where you made your decision if the battles goes to quick.-The battle system is something similiar to jagged alliance 2.*That's just my opinion.*You are a desert ranger, to bring justice to the wasteland. :)Many weapons, blunt, bladed and brawling weapons.Pistols, shotgun ,smg , assault rifles, sniper rifles, heavy weapons,grandes , rocket launcher etc. ^^On thing is just you need to level up for skillpoints, but you can also get skillbooks.They aren't so many skillbooks.Talking skills are useful in some matters... side quest... items... also resolve some differnces,but up to you. Of course you can shoot your way through. ^^If you like turn-based post apocalyptic style game with splatter effects. :DThen go for it, but is not my decisions. ^^PS: It's not fallout 2! ^^"
,Not Recommended,240760,12529365,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,"Krulin, Internet Tough Guy","Summary at bottom for those of you in a hurry.I approached this game as a newcomer to the series. I had never played the original. So, I have no fan boy bias at all. I will probably end up comparing it to Fallout at times, but I WAS NOT expecting it to be a clone of Fallout. I will repeat that to make sure everyone understands that. I WAS NOT expecting this game to be exactly like Fallout. That being said, nobody can deny the two are similar. They’re both apocalypse’ish games that are centered on RPG mechanics.The Good: I actually liked the looks of the game. They’re aren’t the most high definition graphics, but they do look right. The game mechanics work well when it comes to combat. I liked that you got to customize up to four characters to play as. That’s something you don’t get to see very often. The last time I remember getting to customize more than one character in a game like this is Jagged Alliance 2. The combat was pretty solid. It has some issues, but nothing that can’t be fixed with some tweaking. The sound effects were good and so was the music. Sadly that’s about where my praise for the game ends.The Bad: The characters. I didn’t really find any to get attached to. The only character I liked was one of the random NPC characters you can pick up. Any game like this has to have characters with personality. You have to either love or hate at least some of the characters for anything to matter. Fallout 2, which is the closest game to compare this to, had great NPC characters. I just would have liked more connection with the characters. I remember going around with Cassidy (and his daughter in New Vegas) and enjoying their company. Next, there are the bugs. This game has acres of them, but I’m willing to give that a pass right now since it’s new and this is an indie developer. They seem determined to fix them, so good on them.The Ugly: The story. I found it boring. There was no hook to it. The story starts off with you attending Ace’s funeral. Ace was a ranger and so is your party. You are tasked with the mission he was trying to complete of attaching devices to some nearby towers to track a transmission. This transmission has been transmitting some very worrisome messages. The problem with this whole plot is there’s no attachment to it. I didn’t know Ace before he was dead, so there’s no attachment to him. I don’t know the Rangers, so I can’t feel attached to them. This comes especially so when the General doesn’t let you in the main fort to get supplies. He even lampshades this saying something about it being a real dangerous mission when you ask to go inside to get supplies. You can very minimal supplies outside at a trader, but still. You don’t feel like you’re being treated like one of the group, so why should you care about them? Without spoiling anything, you get to a point in the story where some bandits are harassing the area, so you have to deal with them. Now, their camp is guarded by these huge invincible turrets. I was gratuitously over leveled at this point because I had explored every square inch of the game so far, but they slaughtered me. I was frustrated with this, but accepted it at the moment. But, on a whim, I decided to see if I could take on Ranger Citadel (the Ranger HQ). I wanted to do it just for fun, not to actually keep as part of my save. I slaughtered everyone with ease in there and the only one who posed a threat was the General. The four turrets in Ranger Citadel went down it 2-3 hits each. It made no sense that the highly militarized and organized group had worse equipment than some bandits. To be fair though, I did like the second half of the story a lot more. The second half of the game could have been the start and I would have liked it a lot more. There was more personalization with the characters and therefore the events happening in the story mattered.Long story short: I do not recommend this game. The story was lackluster. It lacked any sort of immediate trouble in the game. There weren’t any memorable characters for me. I had the same problem with Skyrim (I know they’re very different games). They both had good gameplay, but lacked anything that could remotely be called a good story or characters. Good story and characters is pretty much 75% of an RPG."
,Recommended,240760,13729430,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Doomkitten!,"Are you an intelligent gamer interested in actually reading the colour text and searching between the lines in conversations for clues, looking for a deep, superbly-written role playing experience with a dash of turn-based tactical interest thrown in?  Yes? Then you absolutely MUST get Wasteland 2.I could rave for hours about the old-school feel with the up-to-date features. I could go on and on about the stellar writing that was a core premise of what got me into gaming so many years ago. I could even enthuse about the art style, the tone, the humour, the grittiness and the lack of punches pulled in the overall theme.  I won't, I don't need to. If you have any sense or any taste whatsoever, you will play this game, you will give it your attention and your love and in return it will make a little home in your heart such that it will stay with you forever.Simply superb."
76561198003622692,Recommended,240760,12394687,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,lvl. 77 Charizard,"Alright so we have all done drugs, but the question you need to ask youreslf is, ""Am I doing the best drugs"". This game is like injecting a combination of cocaine, meth and heroin directly into your jugular vein whilest you take a health lung full of Phencyclidine(PCP). Obviously viagra was included in the standard oral format so that you may have a raging and engorged peice of man meat to murder the wastes with."
76561197969711801,Not Recommended,240760,21169621,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Flynn ☣,"I loved this game.. I truley did. But it all fell apart. The game is great if you can get it to run right, but good lord the bugs are just stupid and game breaking and that's why I'm giving this a thumbs down.Wasteland 2 is a great game, I loved it, i fed it and kept it changed.. but.. 1 damn bug ruined it all. Allow me to go into detail.When i started to play wasteland 2 i noticed roatating loading desert ranger stars on continue and load. They refused to save and all these other things and gave it that damn bug. Hours passed and still searching for my saves and no fix I can find for it. TOO me this is gone on long enough. When it comes to gameplay story, Wasteland 2 is great IF YOU CAN GET IT TO WORK RIGHT. If anyone even cares to read this.. or care, let me know because.. until this game is fixed fully from bugs.. I'm done. I am done with this game and it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. ""I can not fight anymore."""
,Recommended,240760,12317256,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,PizzaSHARK!,"If you're looking for a turn-based RPG, it doesn't get a whole lot better than this.  The game has many minor flaws - most of which are UI-related - but the world and writing oozes character and sucks you in.  There could also be some mild balance issues, but I'm not entirely convinced they're all in my head and I'm just rebelling against the CLASSIC system in Wasteland 2, compared to the SPECIAL system I'm used to from Fallout and Fallout 2.If I had any one desire, it'd be deeper, more interesting combat - especially given how common combat is! - but while it's not going to match XCOM: Enemy Unknown in that area, it's not *bad*, either.Wasteland 2 may not appeal to everyone, but if you're interested an old-school, turn-based CRPG, this'll scratch that itch for you."
76561197986960927,Not Recommended,240760,17059170,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Nelson,"I regret every single overpriced buck i've spend for this game and everytime i think about it, i just get angry.Save yourself that experience.Story is shallow, characters are shallow and it feels like there are only 20 character portraits. (Nothing beats creating your character, writing a 2500 word biography for her only to recruit an NPC 3 hours in the game that has EXACTLY the SAME portrait)Turn-based combat is non-existant, you basically shoot and shoot and reload and heal until the enemy is dead.You know the game: ""I kick you in the nuts, you kick me in the nuts""? EXACTLY that's how combat in this game feels.-no movement required-no use of cover required-no tactic required-no use of terrain or height required-no ""let's make a plan"" required-no ambush required-every combat skill but ""assault rifles"" is useless-everybody can throw grenadesSeriously, i am a die-hard fan of Fallout 1 & 2 and would have been happy with basically the same game with enhanced graphics or some nice effects. To this day i cannot understand how the devs could ♥♥♥♥ this up THAT badly."
,Not Recommended,240760,18684783,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,アレクサンダー,"Even Director's cut has game breaking bugs and crashes. Messy game. My progress stopped after 13 hours of director's cut attempt to replay campaign and get it to finale this time. I guess that will never happen. Buy this game only if you like lottery. If you're in luck - no game crashing bugs. If not... well, you've been warned."
76561198057848846,Recommended,240760,23590256,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Jay,"I played this during it's ""free weekend"" and here are my thoughts.It is very reminiscent of the old Fallout games in graphics, gameplay, story, and sound/music (1, 2, and Tactics: BoS). So if you enjoyed playing any/all of those, then you'll probably enjoy playing Wasteland 2 as well.That having been said, while I did enjoy playing Wasteland 2 for free, I think I'll wait for it to go on sale (25%-50%) before I buy it, and just play the old Fallout games in the meantime."
,Recommended,240760,14784150,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,HawkStone,"I like this game.  Please read further as I try to form paragraphs and make relevant points.Probably the biggest compliment I can give this game, this is as close to Fallout 1/2 as we are going to get anytime soon.  There are lots of weapons/skills/stats and character development.  The post apocalyptic atmosphere is well done.  The game has dozens of hours of content.  The game was compelling enough for me to play it to completion.While the game is a positive experience overall, I have a few nitpicks -- The UI is a little clunky and limited. The balance between weapons\skills\stats could be better e.g., Assualt rifles are generally better than other weapons in most circumstances.   Finally, the skill checks encourage save scumming like no other game I have played in recent memory.Best Regards, (the)King of Save Scumming"
,Recommended,240760,23545609,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,[TO]lWhiteRavenl,good game would of bought it if steam wasnt being silly :)
76561197980071325,Recommended,240760,23907144,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Super Steve,"Doing some reviews today and wanted to add my ""positive"" voice to this.      As has been said many times it's the spiritual successor to Fallout 1 and 2.   It retains the top down, tactical approach to gaming that old school fans of fallout remember.But let's be fair, this isn't fallout and so judge it accordingly.It's a modern version of the top down RPG.   Like the old D&D Goldbox games or Baulders Gate, you create a team to tackle an unknown threat to Arizona.      It does retain the open world quality and your choices on who you help do have consequences in ""the end"" (wink wink).While I will recommend this game, I do acknowledge there's something of a feeling of it could or should be more.   That may have more to do with the kickstarter funds available and just how much game you can make for a given budget.Still, as you can see by the hours spent on this game (roughly 200) there's plenty of stuff to do to get your money's worth.One nice thing is that you do have options.    For example, hacking enemy robots to gain a numbers advantage for your team.   Or you can play your conversations Hard♥♥♥♥♥ or Smart♥♥♥♥♥      Of course witha 4+ many team, you can have enough character builds to try out all these options while still having a unique characters compared to something like Fallout 4 where you level up so much that you basically create a person with ""every"" option and they cease to be unique at all.Personally I enjoy the idea of playing sides against each other and squeeking out those unique ""perfect"" resolutions if you're willing to try (and retry) all the options.   Based on that, I felt some pangs of dissapointment when it appeared the game design intentially forced me to choose one or the other even though ""both"" options were clearly visible and should have been an executible choice.Visually it was passable.   It would definately been nice to have more unique artwork, or skipped that completely for more player face/body models.    Again it feels like going back to the 80's when the D&D games would reuse the same visual art work to represent mutliple people.      It's a minor criticism but one of those things that helps to pull you out of the experience.All in all, if you like top down, tactical, RPG gaming with consequences for your actions, and you have 20 bucks (summer sale) give it a try.Hopefully InXile will have pulled together enough money from this first forey to do a more expanded, enriched world with another Wasteland title.    Kind of how Fallout 2 expanded beyond Fallout 1."
,Recommended,240760,15276066,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Intrepid,"Just finished this game, I will say I had to start a second playthrough, skills are important and characters with dumped intel really suffer for skills and things to do.  So after reading a few guides I decided to start a second playthrough.  With a better rounded party and more skills to get involved with challenges it made for far more interesting gameplay.Dialogue - only certain characters are voiced and then rarely, but this is more than made up for by the excellently written character dialogue and conversation pieces.  Some very excellent post-apocalyptic sarcasm to be had :DGame play - loved it, obvious comparison to other genre staples aside, the game has a really smooth challenge curve, very rarely did any fights feel easy.  Keeps you thinking and planning.Storyline - Excellent, particularly enjoyed the way the post ending wrap up is handled.Thank you to Ehrgeix for recommending this game to me!"
76561197974493059,Recommended,240760,25026529,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,jgaltx,"Wasteland 2 Director's Cut is an isometric CRPG where you lead a group of 4 player characters that you create (or you can take premade characters), level up, and control and up to 3 additional NPC followers that you level up and control. The story is the continuation of the original Wasteland story from the classic original game that won numerous game of the year awards when it was released back in late 1980s. Like the original Wasteland, Wasteland 2 has received numerous awards and accolades, especially in the RPG category.The Director's Cut version of Wasteland 2 improves graphics from the original Wasteland 2 game, but even with improvements the graphics are functional but not particularly exciting. I did notice a nice increase in the number of voiced comments by NPCs that bring out more of their personalities and morality. The view is isometric and combat is turn based. You will spend most of your time in this game doing one of these things.- Moving from place to place- Talking to NPCs to receive and solve quests- Fighting turn based combats, including random combats as your travel from place to place- Digging and opening stuff- Managing inventoryThese elements combine to create a game with lots of content that will take 60-80 hours to complete if you don't skip content. That said this game does become a grind at times as combat, movement, inventory management, and talking to NPCs can become tedious at times. I found that I stopped bothering to pick up inventory items to sell because dealing with the inventory management wasn't worth the money I would get from selling it. I also found things like digging up mounds of dirt with a shovel to be a very tedious mechanic and stopped doing it and stopped opening chests that didn't promise high end items to avoid the time it took to complete these tedious activities. That said, there's a good overall story and some good side stories, and some interesting and tough combats (how tough depends on the game difficulty you select - if you play on Rookie, you probably won't be challenged by the combat). There are also lots of different ways that problems can be resolved that impact the final outcome and the ending you receive. This also provides some replayability because you can take different paths through different parts of the game.Overall I enjoyed Wasteland 2 DC, and am recommending it. It was clearly a labor of love for the developers and I appreciate the fact that many of the original designers came back to create this sequel over 25 years later. My guess is that people who played the original Wasteland game (as I did) will enjoy this updated version of the game that continues the original story. If you never played the original game, and you're judging this game on its own merits, my guess is it will be a mixed bag that some will enjoy because it's a solid CRPG and some will not because they find parts of the game too tedious. If you generally like isometric, turn-based CRPGs, I would recommend you buy and play this game, but if you're not sure wait for it to go on sale. If you like fast paced games or more of an ARGP experience, this game may not appeal to you."
,Recommended,240760,13733699,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TheSinndogg,"Definitely worth it.  It's definitely a spiritual successor of Fallout 1 and 2 in many ways (kind of funny, seeing as how Fallout was a successor of Wasteland) - even the art style reminded me of the pre-rendered cutscenes in F1, 2, and Tactics.  The gameplay can get a bit frustrating with the absurd number of jams and critical failures that seem to occur, but once you get into it, it's really fun, especially since it forces you to rely on a balanced squad rather than maxing out every useful skill for one guy.  There's enough choices for three or four thorough playthroughs, too.Definitely recommended.  I do'nt think I've managed to sink this much time into a non-open world RPG for a LONG time."
76561198007275340,Recommended,240760,33523974,Posted: 13 July,all,Bror,Just finished the game and must say..............DAMN!!!!Easiest the best rpg/turnbased game I played since fallout and fallout 2.For all old school hardcore rpg/turnbase fans out there: this game is a must in your library
,Recommended,240760,13767495,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Snatcher NL,"At last Brian Fargo's team breathens life into this lost barren world and their efforts are not wasted.Wasteland 2 contains a deep engaging, gripping and thrilling story, some cool interesting characters and the oldskool CRPG gameplay that were used too. Recommend to those who like classic RPG's."
76561198006968442,Not Recommended,240760,17067005,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Shlazaor,"I pre-ordered this and I really really wanted to like it. Unfortunately there is not a lot to love. I know with the onset of roguelike RPG's there seems to be a consumer market for old-school difficult games but there is a fundamental difference between difficult and inconvenient. Wasteland 2 isn't that difficult it is just extremely inconvenient. Spammy and monotonous battles on the main map, no useful fast travel for getting from one area to another, and writing that, while definitely serviceable (sometimes funny), just doesn't stack up against other major RPGs. The combat is boring as hell, the upgrades system is weak and uninteresting, and there is little depth (though they can be interesting) to the few characters you can pick up that do have characterization (the main group you use is a blank slate with zero characterization). When you compare this to Kickstarter RPG's such as Pillars of Eternity there is just no comparison. Pillars of Eternity (which I am using as a comparison because it is also a kickstarter) is just a fundamentally better game.  Sure the graphics are crap (what do you expect from a kickstarter game?) but the plot, characters, upgrade system and combat is infinitely (haha pun) better. This is not a horrible way to kill time but there are just a lot better ways to kill it."
76561198113231765,Recommended,240760,18585383,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Leland Gaunt,"I arrived at a town and found a girl stuck on a tree, Had Chisel kick the tree with Brute Force.The girl fell down and broke her leg. My medic performed surgery to fix the leg.Girl: ""Bye, gentle cripplers.""I talked to a guard saying I fixed the leg of a girl who ""fell from a tree"". Guard gave me 50 scrap.Best 2-minute sequence in a game ever!10/10, would gently cripple again.Especially with all the nice little improvements and the unbelieveably better atmosphere and graphics of the Director's Cut. Buy it!"
,Not Recommended,240760,28923252,Posted: 1 January,all,Telnik,"There's something about Wasteland 2 which just does not click with me. I grew up with Fallout and Fallout 2 so RPGs of this style aren't anything new to me. But, Wasteland 2's story, characters and world just seem incredibly mediocre. There was no pull for me. Combat was semi-interesting but otherwise not too involving beyond positioning properly and utilizing each of your Ranger's skills with the appropriate weapon at hand.The game is hideous. There's no other way of putting it. Fallout 1 & 2 look better than this muddy depressing mess. There's post-apocalpytic style but then there's just plain ugly.The conversation system was fairly well done however with your given list of topics as well as 3 different kinds of conversation skills to gather more information or influence an NPC beyond just the standard way.This just seems like more of a proof of concept rather than a proper finished RPG in the way of past RPGs. I didn't have a single feeling of ""what's around the corner? what interesting quests am I going to run into in the next area? Who am I going to meet and what kind of conversations am I going to engage in?"" throughout the handful of hours I put into it. A feeling which is prevalent in Fallout 1 & 2 which I still play to this day.I stopped because I simply was not having fun."
76561198018929700,Not Recommended,240760,11877086,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Marshall,"EDIT for Enhanced Edition:Still buggy and unoptimized. Buy it if you are a patient person and the price drops to 10 EUR.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------According to devs, it is finished and they are just fixing bugs (the final patch will not invalidate saves, but it may damage them - release date is 19.9.2014). So, the time has come to make a judgment (preliminary since I did not finish the game, yet).Well, it is a difficult to decide, if I should recommend this or not.I will judge based on playing a lot of computer games, especially role-playing ones, but tactical, TBS, RTS and plenty more, too. First of all, I consider Fallout 2 with Restoration Project from Killap (I bow before this guy) as a kind of standard. I did play the original Wasteland, all Fallouts (F1, F2, Tactics, F3, Vegas).Right at this moment, this game is a disappointment for me (because I had very high expectations). The combat is comparable to Tactics (FT being better for me, but it is a matter of taste) and the role-playing part is worse than F2. It's a mixture, but it seems to me that the focus is on tactical combat with some RP decision making.It is not a bad game compared to what is produced these days. I just hoped that it would be so much better. There are some things – even in combat – that take away the immersion for me. So, if you liked Tactics, go for it – but not for the current ridiculous price. If you like more role-playing I would wait till the game is modded (fingers crossed) and there is a sale.Graphics is OK, nothing groundbreaking, but it does the job.Audio is OK, there no catchy tune in my mind, yet – but it corresponds to the setting.I would like to note that there may be something along the story that will change my mind. I will update after I finish the game (I will also go into more details about those little pesky things like the enemies with infinite ammo; they don’t drop stuff they were using in combat, etc.)."
,Recommended,240760,12434380,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Ali-Witcher,"After finishing the game (70 Hours) here is my verdict.Gameplay/Gameplay is one of the most aspects that drive my judjment towrd any game, the more solid the gameplay and polished the more i invest my self with it.The battle system doesn't offer much of creativity or presenting a new ideas, compering it to XCOM Enemy Unknown which has a simillar battle system, though the latter is better in that aspect.The AI in this game is highly underdeveloped, enemies with ranged weapons would charge towrd you despite that it will hinder thier accuracy and hit chances and they don't seem to use the environment In their favor that much, like cover for instance.The difficulty spikes seems to be absent most of the time regarding that you know what you're doing. I have't encounter any impossible situation that hinderd my progress. All of the hard encouters is doable with a will excuted strategy ofcurse.Nice and will implemented skills system that add a decent and rich experiance._____Graphics and Sounds/I don't usually mind graphics in games too much, but I do agree it gives a nice boost to the game experiance.Graphicly the game is not emprassive at all, varrying between a poor characters design and a moderate enviroment design.yet there is some nice areas that have some depth on them.The sounds generally is fairly good, but the game lack variety in the soundtrack department._____Story and Writting/Likable strory with some nice twists and a bold and brilliant writting.The strongest features in this game is the writting and it's quist line.The game Intelligently combine decision making with your team's skills to progress through the game, making every playthrough a different experince.It sometimes present a deep and philosophical ideas but somehow faild to present it properly._____The technical sideUnfortunately the game doesn't excel technically, starting with massive frame drop and graphical glitches.In the first half of the game the frame rate average at ~90 FPS then drop dramatically in the second half at average of ~35 FPS (680 GTX OC).A lot of the time the game won't responds to mouse ckicks when initiating skills command.____"
,Recommended,240760,9679753,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,zephrim,"I'm not a big fan pf paying for ""early access"", However, being a huge Fallout fan, and loving everything post apocalyptic, (well most everything, if its done well I should say), I went ahead and paid the 60$. I'm not unhappy with my purchase, sure there are things that need fixed, its a beta that should be expected. But, you are able to see where the game is going, what is being done, and how its all getting put together. All of which I find very enlightening.I'm very excited to be part of the beta, and I'm really looking forward to the finished product. I think people will be rather surprised and satisfied with Wasteland 2 once its complete. If you don't have an extra 60$ burning a hole in your pocket, then wait till the finished game comes out, it won't cost as much and you'll get the finished game. Its not like its an MMO so the beta people like myself won't be getting any type of advantage over you. But, if you do have some extra cash and feel like investing in a good game, (it is tax return season), then getting in on the Beta might not be a bad idea."
,Recommended,240760,23476946,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,HolyFather,"Fans of classic RPGs, especially Fallout (1/2) will love this game. Turn-based combat, specific humor, actions and dialog branches do affect storyline.Young kids who never saw anything older than Fallout 3 will hate this game (and this review). No fancy first person view, no story put on rails, no all-answers-are-the-same dialogs, no build-in Minecraft."
76561198072325792,Not Recommended,240760,18625277,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,[BT] La Rochelle,"This is NOT a review of the Director's Cut. I'll get to the ""why?"" later on.Let's start by saying that I bought WL2 not long after release without looking into it too much... Everyone was praising this game, reviews were all positive...At the time it suffered some (*A LOT OF) bugs, some of them gamebreaking. So I had to put it aside for some time. When I took it back, the bugs had been fixed (at least the ones that plagued my playthrough), so I went on...The game wasn't as good as I expected it to be, but at the time I needed something to relax after more action-oriented games, and this one, for some time, suited my needs.It quickly bored me though. It was super repetitive and combat was so boring... but I wanted to see if, progressing through the game, things would have changed.I had to stop again when I read about the upcoming Director's Cut: better graphics (wow that was needed!), reworked gameplay, perks, quirks, body parts aiming à la fallout... oh and CONTROLLER SUPPORT!!! That's what I needed! A relaxing game that could be played on my big tv while lying on the couch!So I waited. And waited. And finally it came out.So going back to the opening of my review, why isn't this a review of the long awaited DC? That's quite simple... because I didn't had the chance to try it yet.CONTROLLER SUPPORT (my top feature): moving my guys is impossible.They do half a step at a time. Animation is broken and movement is slow and clunky as hell. I google for a few seconds and see that I'm not the only one experiencing this.They say that turning the graphics to minimum settings resolves the issue.IT'S TRUE! IT WORKS NOW!Just, the game, which already didn't look good, looks even worse now.Ok, nevermind, let's ignore graphics and let's enjoy all the amazing improvements this version introduces...CRASH TO DESKTOP.Ok, nevermind, let's reload and try again.10 minutes in, CRASH TO DESKTOP!AGAIN AND AGAIN!And googling around I see that I'm not the only one. And it's not the only bug. for example, a known issue concerns dismissed followers who, instead of going back to base waiting to be recruited again, just disappear...At the moment I don't even want to try any workaround as I personally think such release status is unacceptable even for an indie/small team game.I'll sure wait for some updates (they already had one out, but it did just address the zoom level of the camera as far as I understand...)TO ANYONE THINKING TO BUY THIS:The price is high. Too high in my opinion. If you really want to get this mess I advice you to wait for a 50% sale, at least.But keep in mind: in less than one week Divinity: Original Sin - Enhanced edition's gonna be out and I think it will be a much wiser purchase.Otherwise you can stick to this buggy-1998-looking-mindless-turn-based-combat-no-magic-no-combat-skill-no-real-options-besides-shooting-and-hoping-to-hit-even-if you're-on-95%-hit-chance game.EDIT: in 1998 games looked better than this one. Yes, Baldur's Gate, I'm thinking about you. I MISS YOU!"
76561197966743151,Not Recommended,240760,12559064,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,BettyFrancis,"This game is not good. It's one of the worst modern RPGs I've played.  The graphics are bad and the art design is uninspired. Many of the environments are hideously repititious. The camera controls poorly. The RPG aspects consist of ensuring skill points are dumped into a couple of specialties in order to pass checks in conversation dialogue and opening locked boxes.In combat your options range from: Shooting, Crouching to Shoot, and Reloading. You can also hide behind arbitarily designated cover positions. If you've played XCom or Divinity: Original Sin you know this style of Turn-Based combat, and what you'll find here pales in comparison.The AI of the enemies is basically nonexistent. They will run at you and shoot you or they will run at you and stab/bludgeon you. Upping the difficulty seems to only increase the Bullet Sponginess of your foes.  Since you have extremely limited tactical options there's basically no point in playing on anything beyond normal unless you enjoy reloading quicksaves.Combat initiation is wonky. You can attempt to arrange your characters behind cover beforehand, but this process is extremely janky and you'll probably inadvertently trigger combat before you intended to.There are no real characters. There's a Native American companion who has a bow and is really good at sharpshooting. She talks a lot in ham-fisted stereotypical fashion. Oh and she also has a skill that allows her to Tame Wild Animals.  There's a gruff commander. He is gruff and old. There is a ranger who is sad that another ranger died.The entire thing feels completely perfunctory.  I got about four hours into the game and had yet to decipher what the game was supposed to be about beyond meandering from fetch quest to fetch quest.One storyline involves doing a bunch of quests for some townsfolk. One guy's house is on fire. One guy's dog is missing. The waterpumps aren't working.  If you help the people in these quests, the townsfolk will elect a good mayor. You know she's good because she's nice to you. If you don't do the quests the townsfolk elect a bad mayor. You know he's bad because he's mean to you. There are virtually no consequences in either result. If you enjoy this kind of compelling, interactive storytelling this game is for you."
76561198033613901,Not Recommended,240760,12179206,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,bandidoaztecajr,"Its buggy, its messy, the scroller is stiff, the controlls inconsistent, the characters unlikable, the skill build uninspired, its a trip to the 90's alright but for all the wrong reasons.Stay away from it, stick with the classic Fallout series if you want a wasteland themed strategy game."
76561198031073876,Recommended,240760,12451821,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mr.Nixon,"Some of you know that our own indieAfter Resetwas born in the moment when we simply got tired of waiting for a true old-school Fallout 3 (Van Buren), in the moment when we understood that no one other than us, the gamers would do that. For a long time we were left with a very skeptical mood toward Wasteland 2… And it lasted until last week, when we got its release version on Steam.Guys, it turned out to be very interesting!I.e., this game, of course doesn’t have anything in common with either Fallout 1&2&T, or with After Reset RPG… But it doesn’t even have to be like them, or even be a classic RPG. It has its own interesting style/setting/mechanics/gameplay… In general, I personally don’t understand what exactly its secret is, but it’s really cool and fun to play. I played all weekend without stopping (and there’s no end or border in this game), andI’ll be very happy to back Wasteland 3!One nuance: two times in the beginning I thought of deleting the game after creating a character (a sentiment I’ve heard from plenty of gamer friends). I really didn’t like the character portraits, and I don’t like to play as a big faceless group. But Brian Fargo has slyly provided for the ability to load your own portraits and delete the others besides your own character from the group. We’ve prepared a character portrait pack from After Reset especially for you:http://indiedb.com/games/after-reset/downloads/after-reset-rpgs-custom-avatars-for-wasteland-2.I’m sure that even if you’ve had doubts, with our pack, Wasteland 2 will sparkle with fresh colors for you! You have to play it; the game is really worth it!- Richard Nixon, Black Cloud Studios,http://afterreset.com"
,Recommended,240760,15317384,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Fenix,"Excellent game if you can get past the laborious character creation. Very atmospheric, with clever intertwining storylines and plenty of humorous moments."
76561198050421498,Recommended,240760,29052381,Posted: 5 January,all,Metsche1979,"I like old-school rpgs and I am a fan of the Fallout series, so buying Wasteland was a logical choice for me. However, it took some time till I was able to enjoy it. I guess, it takes some time to develop an interest in the story and its NPCs. Furthermore, you need to spend some time with character developement, so that you have a competitive party at the beginning of the game. If you don't want to repeat my mistake, read through some character building guides. My first two game starts failed due to my poor attribute/skill choices."
,Recommended,240760,24925936,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Ozymandias,"Just as a warning, this game starts off extremely frustrating. Ammo management can screw you over in the opening hours and you can easily make some mistakes in skill allotment that further set you back early on if you don't know what you're doing. I probably have 8-10 skill points I've completely wasted just because I wasn't sure exactly sure what to expect, which is sort of a bummer, but it is nice to have some consequences to your decisions.Some boss encounters are also really annoying, and can waste big chunks of unsaved progress. No spoilers or anything, but more than once I've just randomly had someone who I thought was a friend turn on me in the middle of a conversation and lay waste to my unprepared guys. Some auto-saves before these points would really be appreciated.That being said, once you get past the first 3-5 hours ammo is much easier to acquire (buy/loot, safecracking skill is very useful here) and you get much better and more diversified weapons, and the combat really opens up.Additionally, the world is interesting to explore. Great setting, great characters, and a very diverse set of areas/locations to traverse. It isn't afraid to be dark/macabre, which is a nice change of pace from more recent post nuclear war RPGs...The game does feel a little low budget, which is understandable given how it was made, but it's been fine as far as stability. I can't recall any crashes.Overall, a very good game. Frustrating initially, but when you get your hooks in it's a ton of fun. I was not expecting at all to sink this much time into it."
,Not Recommended,240760,12672740,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ThirdClassHero,"This game would be entirely worth playing if it weren't for all the bugs. You'd think with so many people willing to give their money to someone for an unfinished version of a product, the completed version would at least be playable. Other than the bugs, most notably the complete inability to see in some seemingly random areas, the game is probably a 7/10. It's sad to see such a lack of polish bring this game down."
76561197970951366,Not Recommended,240760,12613260,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,corth,"This game sets a great mood and has a lot of fun elements to it.  Unfortuantely the combat is tedious and boring.  I was expecting something more in line with the latest XCom combat systems, but instead enemies run straight at you and every fight turns into a strategy-free slug match.  A great game gutted by a bare-bones combat system."
76561197999960171,Recommended,240760,33099860,Posted: 1 July,all,Captain Donkeypunch,"This is a great turn-based RPG with great replayability.  You create a small group of adventurers who join up with the police of the wasteland with many hard decisions along the way.  I will say, however, they added voice acting... and kind of ruins the RP, they basically take all the awesome characters you meet along the way and turn them into cartoon characters (much better when you get to create their voices and additudes in your head while reading).I have replayed a few times and its fun and different each time (based on different decision) 8 out of 10Can't wait for the next one :D"
76561198061675728,Recommended,240760,27597913,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Burly Jim,"Wasteland 2 is not, perhaps, a great game. A thousand tiny things swirl around inside it, each bothering me a bit; like the aribitrarily obscure solutions to some puzzles.But whenever I play Wasteland 2, those problems melt away. I love it. It's one of my favorites, actually.It's very much like the early fallout games crossed with Fallout Tactics (which I thought had lots of promise but didn't play well.) It's descended from Fallout's grandpappy, too, which makes for nice continuity nods if you played the C64 original.Wasteland 2 is a squad based RPG largely set in the ruins of post-nuclear Arizona. Your squad of 4 Desert Rangers set out to find the meaning of mysterious radio signals, and uncover a sinister plot that could end the world a second time. In practice, the plot is a bit flimsy, but it provides a decent core for the weird people you'll meet in the wasteland-Pistol Packin' Priests being my personal favorite.Besides combat, which plays out nicely, you'll need a wide variety of skills to traverse the wasteland-Conversational skills to talk your way to the better solutions, brute force to smash walls, computer science, toaster repair and so on.I find myself having a hard time coming up with more to write. Please, if you're here take the time to watch the videos above. My time spent should tell you that I'm no casual when it comes to this game.As much as I love it, the price is pretty steep right now. Wait until it goes on sale. It's good, but I don't think you'll get your money's worth at full price."
76561197985223676,Recommended,240760,9618748,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Tinon (MG),Turn Based is back baby!
,Recommended,240760,14235457,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ImmaJellal,"Wasteland 2 - a game that completly flew under my radar til it was discounted on the last Steamsale. Having played all FallOuts up til New Vegas with the Exception of Tactics I was genuinly interested how this game would work out. That and I'm a huge nerd over CRPGs, still considering Baldur's Gate II the best RPG ever developed.GameplayThe game is played from an Isometric perspective, with a typewriter on the right side describing the locations and subtitles. This game has ALOT of reading, so when you are no fan of that you should take that into consideration. Only a few important characters are voiced and your PCs are  mute all the time (Sadly we can not make our own basic voicelines like in Baldur's Gate, but hey atleast we can use our own portraits). You traverse the locations in realtime while the Worldmap has a water limitation and combat is turnbased. It is pretty much reminscent of FallOut 1&2 before the series became what is today. You travel through Arizona visiting the different locations and working towards your way to uncover a sinister plot.StoryWarning: Heavy Spoilers ahead, read at your own riskYou create your own Rangersquad, consisting from up to 4 Rangerrookies, with different talents which you will more or less all need in the Wastes. Rangergeneral Vargas then sends you to investigate the murder of one of your fellow Rangers paired with the quest to investiagte strange radiotransmissions coming from behind the great radioation wall to the east. While the games plot starts superstrong, it will degrade over time and if you hit Los Angeles later it will drag on longer than it should (Felt for me like it). As soon as you know who Mathias is and what is behind his ""war"" with Dugal the plot becomes more or less predictable and the end feels a bit unsatisfying. The proverb ""The journey is the reward"" pretty much sums it all up. Also for a game that starts strong in meaningful choices and their consequences it als degrades in that regard. There is no evil playthrough possibility and if you try to side with Mathias he will blow you up with a nuke. (I refer to FallOut here where the Master was more than happy to add you to his army) So you are pretty much forced into a Good-Guy-Role.It was not a bad plot, but it started way stronger than it finishedGrafics, Sound& MusicThe game was made in the Unity-Engine and is certainly not the prettiest one, but it does the job and all locations are unique and memorable. The sounddesign is well done and paired with the games music it can feel downright creepy at times, the perfect feeling for a post-apocalyptic game.All in All if you liked the old Fallout-titles or you are intrested in CRPGs Wasteland 2 is definatly worth a look, even if it can feel downright clunky sometimes yet it was modernized in the right way and I will definatly see forward to a 3rd installment"
76561198067816140,Recommended,240760,19674902,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,apipolaki,"I've just finished this game after more than one hundred hours on it and it's one of the best RPG I've ever played for different reasons.The main reason is that, as a player, you have to make choices. Some of these choices are not easy and, more than that, they have consequences ! Another reason I liked this game is its humor : not for all audience, for sure, but I loved it...In short, a great game which considers the player as a mature person. It's so uncommon these days... That's why it's so refreshing.Vincent - Palaiseau - France.-------Je viens juste de terminer ce jeu après une centaine d'heure passées dessus et c'est l'un des meilleurs jeu de rôle auquel j'ai jamais joué. La principale raison est que, en tant que joueur, vous devez faire des choix. Certains de ces choix ne sont pas faciles à faire et en plus de cela, ils ont des conséquences ! Une autre raison pour laquelle j'aime ce jeu est son humour : ce n'est pas le genre d'humour que tout le monde apprécie, c'est certain, mais moi j'adore.En bref, un grand jeu qui considère le joueur comme un adulte. C'est tellement inhabituel par les temps qui courent... C'est pourquoi c'est si rafraichissant.Vincent - Palaiseau - France."
76561198072318612,Recommended,240760,12484424,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Upcoming,Absolutely the most addictive game I have played in years!I would have paid $80.00 for a game like this.  It reminds me so much of the awesome computer games from the 80's using todays technology!Highly recommended!
76561198000853010,Recommended,240760,9557931,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Moon Doggie,this game is what fallout 3 was supposed to be its the top notch♥♥♥♥♥♥in rpg post apoc games
,Recommended,240760,9721212,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Hiazhel,"Let me put it this way: it took 62 hours of playing before I decided to take a break from it, and I haven't had it but a couple of months. If you like old school turn based rpg stategy, such as Falloout 1 & 2, old X-Com, Jagged Alliance series, Balders Gate, Planescape: Torment (and somebody needs to gtf on with rebooting Torment, that game was !@#$ing GREAT!), you're going to want this in your collection. The story thus far is pretty damn good, in my opinion, voice acting is well done too. I think it looks great graphically, and I run a mid range gaming comp. Buy it now and help them make it great, or buy it on release, but get it. Seriously. Just understand it's a beta build and treat it as such and you will enjoy it if you like this kind of game, the bugs are not that bad, except for a couple I'll note below. .The random encounter battles as you travel on the world map are a little small in area, which makes combat down and dirty and  fast, if you're playing anything but Rookie difficulty. That can be a pro or con, depending on what you like and your play style. Feels cramped to me on the majority random encounter maps. It takes away from the strategy aspect when you're pretty much at point blank range in most of your battles, which are pretty lethal to begin with. BUT, they are still fun and it's extremely satisfying when you win by the skin of your teeth. The big battles are hella fun!Not so much a con and probably a bug, but DO NOT dismiss characters on the world map. At least not Angela, if you have her. I did and unless she's supposed to be gone, she's still out in the Wasteland where I left her. Hope I left her some water, I tkink it was close to a water source, or her and Ace are gonna be meeting again real soon....she's not in the Ranger Citadel either. If you take that kid you save from drowning into your party, and go back to the Citadel, leave him at the entrance or don't let him be with you when you go in, a conversation fires off between him and another member of your party when you go near the museum and you'll be stuck there, in the conversation, with no choice for a response and no other choice but to reload, and that's the only game breaking bug I've found so far. The UI could use some tweeking, status effects are hard to determine visually on quick glance; I had already played many many hours before I noticed the tiny consussion icon above the character portrait for the first time.Other than those issues and some very minor stability issues that are probably more related to my rig than the game itself, any other bug I've come across, hasn't been anything major. I emphatically recommend this game, it has the potential to be one of the best titles of it's kind in a very, very long time."
,Recommended,240760,13942885,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Harmian,Pressed a shiny red button in a museum.Activated a nuke and killed everyone.10/10 would press again.
,Recommended,240760,9350817,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,CaptainUngaBunga,"This game is great, but before you buy it be sure you understand its a turn based game If that doesn't bother you or sounds appealing to you this game is for you otherwise put your wallet away and move on. the full release came and went and i'm still enjoying this game. Most if not all the bugs i noticed from the early access are gone and a few things have been tweeked to improve the gameplay. Overall the game is great in my opinion and the gameplay itself is excellent."
,Recommended,240760,10123027,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,"Macho ""Madness"" Man","I am so happy this game exists. It really does its best to return the game industry to what I personally consider the golden age of video gaming. Icewind Dale, Fallout, Baldurs Gate, Wasteland... So, so happy they did this! I need MOAR Brian Fargo!"
76561198085058312,Recommended,240760,9604243,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,d.christian10,"Ok so I really want this to be a winner in the long run. It is so damn buggy it's stopped me playing. I only hope my $60 will go towards cleaning up the end product and make it all worth while. I mean the story is great as I'd expect. The concept solid as ♥♥♥♥ but the combat is just ok. Skills are questionable. This is after just a few hours playing the game. I think the first 1 or 2 were spent wandering aimlessly in the waste as I had no concept of how to change camera angle let alone WTF the water gague was and how to refill it.So I finally find an oasis... I AM, FROM 1988, A FAN OF WASTELAND! ON THE APPLE II NO LESS AND I AM NOT HAPPY. Get it together guys, I know it's beta but $60? I can't even get it to full screen on windows 7. I love the story, the puzzels are great, the combat is ok but the skills and stats etc?? Did the first 3 missions which were kind of fun. The patchy loading is really annoying as is the lack of a full screen view. By highpool mission I'm a more than annoyed. I really hope the completed game is less patchy, has better graphics, more dynamic feeling turn based combat and is more imersive then just getting a portrate box with text and voice over. Maybe just some facial movement ie their lips move when they speak, expressions??So yes I do recommend this game, if anything to give the developers more cash to polish the end product. If this is pretty close to the finished article there are going to be many dissapointed fans of the original. At least I can play the original if I have the time to indulge in nostaligia... for the price not really worth it. In the long haul if the game get's a serious overhaul and some much needed improvements then I will be a happy camper. If not, well that is $60 I wasted. If your a fan of the original, can overcome some serious glitches and bugs and annoying status effects that appear to have no cure (the plant infection WTF, even if it only last until the relevant section of the game is completed I think) confusion (expected from any beta) and a hefty price tag well this is for you. I look at it as a donation towards a fantastic end product. DO NOT DISAPPOINT ME PLEASE!!!"
,Not Recommended,240760,31727661,Posted: 13 May,all,Imorten,"The game is not as good as it's hyped up to be, choices are not deeply impacting as i was hoping. The story is ok most of the time but very generic still. The combat is ok but so slow over the course of the whole game.If you enjoy RPGs of this nature it's worth a try on sale."
,Recommended,240760,23034173,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,EloItsMee,"A brilliant game from Brian Fargo and inExile. This guy knows how to make a good post-apocalyptic role-playing game, as evidenced by the first two Fallout games, and this one is no exception.This game has been getting a lot of negative reviews and I felt that I needed to post this review to help counter that. Although what inExile are doing regarding the copyright infringment case over the 'Wastland' name is bad, I feel that leaving bad reviews on an otherwise good game is like leaving a bad review on an Amazon item because the shipping was slow. Rate the product, not the company."
76561198006446300,Not Recommended,240760,12266157,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,W32.Beagle,"There should be a word that combines grind and slog so I can use it to describe Wasteland 2. In the before time, there was gaming, and whatever it was, we don't remember it now because in the intervening decade and some, we grew up and so did gaming. We learned that telling tales of ""how hard game x was"" to be far more entertaining than actually doing it. We learned how to design levels and create meaningful narratives and games that were fun to play, not just fun to have played. Oh, and we learned how to find voice actors. Wasteland 2 is probably faithful to its spiritual predecessor. I wouldn't know, because I wouldn't play that now either. The bones of a decent tactical rpg are there, but the level designs don't reward you for making use of them. Similarly, the bones of a good story rpg are there, but the disconcordant voices muddy the experience. Much like, ""an arrow to the knee"" cried out for a mod to stop, Wasteland 2 needs some serious fan love to be worth playing. Until the need to wander around the desert, grinding out raider encounters to level up is gone, I suggest you give this a pass and stick to New Vegas."
,Recommended,240760,12201575,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,GanjahRebel,"With all honesty from someone that's been playing since the Early Access version #28000~: inXile bit more than they could chew. But all on all, it's an awesome game, truthful to the fans of Fallout.If you enjoy turn based combat, party/squad management, interaction with your companions, a good storyline, and lenghty gameplay.. Then buy it.You might notice that some stuff didn't get completely polished, but taking in consideration that even Fargo had to put money of his own to finish the game, I'd say it's a solid piece of software."
76561198105969105,Recommended,240760,23547917,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,PLEASE STAND BY,"Good game but just one failure. Tried the free trial up to sunday, wanted to buy the game when it was still discounted but it won't let me. States that I already have the game so it won't let me buy it, prolly because of the free tial lol"
76561198026375479,Recommended,240760,13815330,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,winston,"This game is awesome. It's challenging, complex, rich, funny, and detailed. If you keep the game in zoomed out isometric mode the graphics are immersive and vibrant. There's a lot of blood. The sound effects are fantastic.If you liked the BGs, IWDs, Fallouts 1 & 2, and so on, this is the game for you.Easily the best CRPG experience I have had in absolute ages. Blows trash like Dragon Age out of the water. I stayed up until 6am last night playing. Haven't done that since BG2.Only criticisms: The NPCs are a little thin. Combat could be more dynamic."
,Recommended,240760,12319015,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,cann0n fodder,"Pretty simple actually: if you liked the classic Fallouts - go for it. 50s switched for 80s, more goofy - think along the lines of ""A Boy and His Dog"" and ""Damnation Alley"" rather than ""Dr. Strangelove"" ;)If the combat system appears shallow, try higher difficulty settings. It'll prove more satisfying than you'd suspect it could be."
76561197981077038,Recommended,240760,12251638,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,S!AMEZEFUN,"A very compelling, classic, post-nuclear RPG with highly satisfying turn based combat in between. Wasteland 2 got a pretty cool flair to it, rough and sometimes weird characters. Lots of text, which you actually have to pay attention to - really nice to have something like that amidst the dozens of games requiring nothing of you but to look at the minimap and the HUD telling you to what to kill and how many of them.Pretty good integrated tutorial function, which holds your hand if you want to but you can also just go ahead and figure out most of the mechanics by yourself. Either way works. Skill system is deep enough but not overly complex and the story kept me hooked most of the time.The only thing that is not quite favorable are the graphics - and that is coming from someone who usually doesn't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about the looks of a game. And I'm not talking about polygons or explosion effects. It just seems a little bit too blurry in some scenes, the colouring is very desaturated and without a lot of contrast, sometimes making it hard to spot certain things like crates or objects related to quests.Other than that, if you like the style of games like XCOM, the Fallout series, maybe even S.T.A.L.K.E.R. (even though that's an FPS) you might just dig Wasteland 2."
,Recommended,240760,11285701,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,S.A.M. ^KFJ,"If you like tactical games, post-apocalyptic worlds, guns, critical thinking, even if you enjoy dungeons and dragons; then I suggest you try Wasteland 2.If you like the world of Fallout, you'll love the world of Wasteland. Not to go into too much, but its from the same developers of the original Fallout games, joined by some of the creators of the newer versions of Fallout.As of now, the game is still in beta but is scheduled for release soon, and yes, I'll admit, the price is a bit steep for now, but I'd suggest it once it releases, and the price drops. You get a few added things if you buy the DDE, but that's for you to decide if its worth it.The game itself is interesting. There's a lot of reading, remembering key words, critical thinking (should I send my team in fighting? Or should I try a more diplomatic approach?) and storytelling. Quests and advancement is a little lackluster, but not bad, and every choice has a consequence. Graphics are decent, sound and music are stellar, and some of the game (easter eggs, dialogue, and random loot) are a little corny, but not bad.I would recommend this game to anyone that enjoys any kind of Role-Playing game."
,Recommended,240760,12286042,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Vekeng,"Amazing game with great post-apocalyptic atmosphere. It's hard to play some times, but game is forgiving if you made wrong characters or spoiled them. There are some glitches and bugs here and there and some of them are very frustrating (i.e. you can loose a character forever). Combats are fun. Turn-based with system of covers. Only thing lacks is aiming system like in fallouts. Story is great with some twists and turns and giving you lot of choises to make. Completed the game in one breath.To all who played Fallout 1 & 2 I strongly recommend ti play Wasteland 2"
,Recommended,240760,12381832,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"First off, wait until this game has been out a few months before buying it.  It needs several rounds of patches, especially in the 2nd area.Anyway, it is rare to get a sqad based game ala Jagged Alliance, let alone one set in a post-appocolyptic world.  I did have fun exploring the world despite the bugs.I would rate the combat mechanics as a 5 on a scale of 1 to 10.  They are servicable and certanly can be improved.The skill gain system is quite dull, such as the next rank just adds 6% to some ability (hit with a guy, unlock something, disarm something, etc...).Some of the puzzles in the game are not very intuitive.  I had to google a few of them, but hopefully if you wait a few months, there will be some nice faqs.  Even after reading the solutions to some of them, they are things I would have never figured out.  For in one area you find a screw driver.  In another room there are some odd looking tiles here and there.  No tool tip, just odd looking.  The thing is, there is no hint that you need to use the screw driver on these tiles.  Even given that, if you use the screw driver on the wrong tile (of the right kind) it tells you that you can't use the screwdriver on that.  So that would lead you to think that isn't the right use for the screw driver.  However there is one tile which looks just like all the rest of the tiles that say ""You can't use the screwdriver on that"" that you CAN use it on, which has the tresure you are looking for.Then there are other objects you find that have NO CLUE as to thier use, but indeed are useful to someone, somewhere.  Here is a hint, the stuff you get out of toasters IS USEFUL to SOMEONE SOMEWHERE.  It may even be useful to someone in another act.Anyhow, you might be wondering why I am recommending this to buy with the above said.  Despite all that, it is a fun game.  I enjoyed the exploration and the story.  I did not finish it because it was too buggy in the 2nd act.  Maybe I will someday because I am curious as to how the story turns out."
,Recommended,240760,13754956,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Havelle,"Quite possibly one of the more perfect RPGs I've played I've played in a long time. Seriously, Buy this and kill your social life."
76561198153045246,Recommended,240760,18719234,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Beamng.mapper.Bob.Blunderton,"[This review is NOT for Director's Cut, it is for Standard Edition - Director's cut only adds to this]If you like post-apoc games, this might be for you - especially the very patient, more old-skool users who have LOTS of time on their hands...No really, I mean lots of time, sometimes, a bit too much honestly.  In-case you don't get it PATIENCE MUST BE ONE OF YOUR VIRTUES, otherwise completing this game WONT be.Load times are quick [1-6 seconds on SSDs], gfx are okay (for this year, could be better...) sound is appropriate including periodic voiceovers that are well done and music that is quite fitting and will make FO 1&2 players feel right at home (Mark Morgan).  Good job getting the Fallout music man to come back.Went through and got the repeaters, and then had to go to the Ag center, to do the next mission, and the whole while I'm doing this, another outpost is claiming it's getting clobbered, and now I'm poisoned, and don't have a clue what to do.  You feel a bit helpless, and at fault, and not entirely in a good way, but that may have been just me.  There is entirely too much going on at once and I'm unable to concentrate on this mission enough to solve it, while still having to go to another place after this is done.   First hour or two went pretty smoothly, hours three and four I'm out of ammo, there's entirely too much ammo management for me to put any more effort into it so in most of the battles half my guys were without ammo and getting massacred by rabbits on easy (well almost).May want to invest in some unarmed skills at some point, just keep in mind to save enough skill points to get your gun skills up too or you won't hit ANYTHING.Will eagerly be waiting for Fallout 4 as this definitely is not Fallout... not 1 not 2 not any of them.  Too much inventory juggling - that was the icing on the cake and I'd have rather eaten the plate whilst I tried to figure out what to do!  A shared inventory screen would have been a wonderful invention with individual character inventories being limited to slots guns, armor, trinkets, etc.Pass this one up until you've exhausted the fallout series as of late.  It can be a good game, but you will struggle to afford enough ammo unless you loot everything and take every last bit of junk you can scrounge.  There is a barter perk but it brings at most 10% discount/10% bonus on bought/sold items.  It's not that this game is bad, it can be very unforgiving and hard to keep your guns loaded let alone hit the target until your gun skill is maxed.For those playing on a RADEON video card, I can attest that there isn't much gfx issue at all sans the water-building interior in Domonta - a little bit of flickering, but can still play fine.  You're only in there for the duration of one battle anyways so regardless, it won't be too much issue.I have updated my review a bit, after playing 30+ hours (it is a long game, I'd say im half-way through it), and it feels like a touch of fallout tactics along with fallout 2.  I'd have to say that players who enjoyed the late-90s playthrough of Fallout 1 and 2 will feel at home here in the setting - all the way down to accidently nuking some religious cult - oops... heh.  Though I will say you can with assuredness tell that this is the first-go-round for some of the people creating the game, it is NOT shoddy work by any means.  There is much fun to be had here, and much humour to snicker at if you have the patience.   This isn't DooM, this isn't run-and-gun and blast through everything with reckless abandon...this is it's own game.  A 25-40$ USD price-tag seems appropriate here, and I think most people would be satisfied with the game for this.  That being said, it isn't nearly as crashey as Fallout 3 and New Vegas were out of the box (or possibly even now years after release), so don't let me sell it short.  Watch some videos, read the reviews and decide for yourself.  Try not to get discouraged before getting to level 15-20 or so with your characters, as it gets much more rewarding when you can actually afford ammo AND hit the target in battle.  I would also mention on this last note that the age-rating for this game applies to both the violence and the difficulty mentally that you may have if you lack extremely good problem solving skills (teenagers barring some ingeniously crafty ones may have trouble).  Good luck.Recommended to take a field medic-surgeon, weaponsmith, locksmith/safecracker, and someone with keen perception and good with knocking down obstacles with you on your first try, you'll get more characters in your party at a later date if you so choose.  You still won't be able to do everything your first time.  This game for most will be good for more than one play-through.Just buy up all the ammo & health-items you can afford, seriously."
76561198021579310,Recommended,240760,12249130,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,AtomTeam,game formula : Fallout Tacticts + many quest = Wasteland 2 but this isn't classic Fallout series because was missed charme where game world living without player and he just not more than part of this world
,Recommended,240760,23664007,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Charles McPickleton,One of the best games I have ever played in the time I played it I only had fun and the choices in the game are amazing the graphics where ok
76561198070765531,Recommended,240760,12220024,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Navarro9814,"Wasteland 2 is a great Squadbased RPG game set in Arizona after a nuclear war, whether you're fighting mutants or a woman with a jackhammer arm this is the game for you. I personally recommend this game to any fans of the post apocalyptic genre with it's intriguing story and detailed character creation. The game can be clunky and finicky with the inventory system but the turn based fights, humorous tool tips and expansive weaponry avaliable for characters makes you look past that. Definitely recommended."
76561197971578911,Recommended,240760,12566353,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Flyboy Connor,"Interesting, fun game, much in the spirit of the Baldur's Gate games and the original Wasteland. Old-school, pretty long and reasonably hard, with focus more on gameplay than on graphics. Plenty of choices, lots of possible ways to outfit your party, no ""right choice"". You can play as you like, and are actually encouraged to do so. You may very well be locked out from several parts of the game through your choices, but that tends to happen anyway, whichever choice you make. If you really want to see everything the game has to offer, you have to play multiple times, and fortunately the game makes that a viable option as different playthroughs will feel differently.So I recommend this game on its gameplay merits, but I have to warn new players for the fact that the game, at the moment of this writing, still seems to be in the beta phase. While it has officially been released a month ago, there are plenty of quests in the late game that may still get into an unresolvable state -- this is a consequence of the fact that the player may go anywhere he likes, and thus may get into areas that are quest-related without having got the quest in the first place. There are also quite a few bugs left which may cause a forced reload.So my recommendation is: if the style of game appeals to you, get it (preferably in some kind of sale), but wait with playing until the bugs are ironed out. It looks like the game will get a major update soon, considering that Steam has made it clear that achievements will be added."
,Recommended,240760,12294653,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,nemoJoe,One of the finest games I have played in years.
,Recommended,240760,16572663,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,sycokrazy,"I liked the game, it reminded me a lot of the old fallout games maybe that's why i liked it.Be nice to get an expansion or even a sequel."
76561197985752445,Recommended,240760,13921678,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Lord_Of_The_Flying_Monkeys,"A great game - though many of the good aspects of the game may frustrate players (i.e. the choice between Ag centre and Highpool where only one can be saved is great in terms of realism, but for those expecting other quests to ""freeze"" in time while you're saving the rest of the world it will be frustrating) All in all an enjoyable game that forces you to consolidate skills to specialise your characters, and to strategise instead of a ""pray and spray"" approach that works in many games"
,Recommended,240760,16234157,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Salty Giants Fan,Took 90 hours to beat but this is a case for an RPG to have been better off having less content than offered. Besides that this is a great return to old-school fallout 1/2 type games with great writing in some parts and memorable characters. Combat is meh but it can be imporved upon as well as character customization. The ending kinda just happens even when you clearly see the end in sight because the last few hours is a linear gauntlet so hard to the point where I had to finish the final battle on rookie difficulty. Overall Wasteland 2 is by far an enjoyable experience with dozens of stories to tell each time you replay the game and I gladly await the game of the year edition update and wasteland 3 (although Fallout 4 hype is still ♥♥♥♥ing strong here).Graphics: 7/10Gameplay: 7/10Writing: 8.5/10Story: 6/10Replayability: 8/10
,Recommended,240760,16459894,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Uh-Oh,"Good story. Good mechanics.The player has a tremendous amount of impact on the story and the world. I was often surprised by how everything unfolded.Some parts of the game have a real sense of urgency.Visuals are a tad rudimentary. Voice acting is uneven, from great to adequate.All in all, I enjoyed myself and highly recommand it.I'd give it a 85%"
,Recommended,240760,12165235,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Beautancus,"If you like fun, and if you like fun video games...it goes without saying that this game is so far beyond FOR YOU that words will continue to fail to measure the level of awesomesauce badassery that this is going to unleash on your brainholes."
,Recommended,240760,16511854,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Old Scratch,"I haden't played the first wastland game, and bought this on a whim. The story is kinda basic to boot but unfolds into a nice patchwork that had me pretty god damn interested throughout. the game gave good difficulty through the whole, and at the end gave even more with the final fight, ending in a fun dramatic final.I can also hit people with my shovel for 1 damage.9/10"
,Recommended,240760,12390491,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,HideYoWife™,"Yes, this it the right Fallout 3 ! Same atmosphere, same combats, same humor, like in original Fallout !Fargo and Co made a bet on a little bit more casual skill  system (and yes, they have a lot of problems in new system ). But it's still a best postapp game after original Fallout games.Recommend!"
,Recommended,240760,23518464,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Gnork,Very happy about the retro playstyle.
,Recommended,240760,14335457,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CS-,"Welcome to the glorious wastes of Arizona with nothing but old school RPG turn based combat and a plethora of cross roads to travel. This was a game I had been watching from the early beta days but decided against diving straight in and waiting for the ""final"" version of the game to come out. On that note before continuing, I use the term ""final"" very loosely.The first half of the game is fantastic. Hands down one of the most enjoyable games I've played in a while. Refreshing real choices with actual consequences. Multiple choices and decisions to be made at every corner ranging from simple attire, to devastating lesser of two evil choices that affect the rest of the game and years to come following. Great character creation allowing role-players to enjoy a world the can fully immerse themselves in. This and so much more awaits you.On the opposite side of the review this game is not without short comings and issues. The second half of the game is anything but complete. More than ever this is a game that you save often for and making 100+ individual save files. Major quest lines are riddled with bugs and plot holes the size of the grand canyon can be found more frequently than not. While I still enjoyed the vague idea of the second half of the game, it was a disappointment after how amazing the first half was. Another big issue was balancing. Take this bit of advice. Sniper rifles/ assault rifles/ shotguns and energy weapons are the only good guns in the game. The rest are terrible.If you enjoy turn based RPGs and an apocalyptic theme this game is for you, while I may have listed some off putting downsides especially for the second half it is still worth playing. The first half of the game does such a great job and the curiosity you will have to see how things turn out will help you through the issues of the second half. I finished this game 100% including a run on the higher difficulty in 158 hours. Well worth the money. 8.5/10"
76561197971843562,Recommended,240760,12232708,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Àntí ™,Pretty awesome game..
,Recommended,240760,12228570,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,metalarmsglitch,Never played a CRPG before unless KOTOR can be counted.  Picked this up after listening to TotalBiscuit describe some of his first impressions of the game and couldn't be more happy with it.  This game is really well written and I find myself looking forward to reading everything in the game from the main story dialog to the random junk flavor text.  Can definitely see how the styles and themes inspired the Fallout series and am looking forward to completing this game so I can start on the first Wasteland game.
,Recommended,240760,18015489,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Mr. Grey*,"As I am not really experienced in writing reviews, but since I just completed the game, l would like to share my experience with others whom are still deciding to buy it or not. I am dividing it in several stages: Character Building, Storyline, Combat and Gear.==Character Building==I found it really challenging to build a team that would last me through the whole game, just because there are too many skills to choose from for only 4 characters of your team. I had to make a new game 3 times to find out that it's actually better to leave a couple of skills out, which you will find on other followers (even better progressed) later on in the game. - Rose for example has a really high computer skill and handgun skill.-  Apart from the skills I think there are limited but reasonably enough faces and clothing to choose from to make a pretty random team.EDIT: After I made new game on highest difficulty, it came to my surprise that I could use me old rangers again, still having all the skills and abilities from my previous end-game. Knowing this I can reccomend new players to start and complete an easier difficulty and then use the same experienced (veteran) rangers on higher difficulty to make it easier! Changed my rating from 7/10 to 8.5 after knowing this.Rating 8.5/10==Storyline==Depending on the choices you make, the storyline will change in many, many ways. Sometimes it doesn't turn out the way you want, and you can't do anything about it because of one of your previous choices. I quite liked this because it makes making choices more difficult and you will have to think ahead to make sure everything turns out ... o.k.Dialogues are sometimes crazy long, and very tiring to read it all. You will be clicking a lot. Mind you, read carefully. Sometimes you will need information in order to make the right choice. Having an advanced speech skill will also come in handy to unlock several special dialogues which will help you get things easier.The main story takes you and your team into the wasteland of Arizona to plant a couple of radio repeaters on several radio towers and re-establish broadcast range for your fellow rangers at the Citadel. During this mission you will stumble upon a lot of people whom need your help... or do they? You decide.After going through a lot of trouble to get the radio going again, you will fly to Los Angeles, where you will have to clear the name of the Rangers and bring good to the people of LA. You will soon notice that you're not the only one trying to gain power in LA and find yourself in conflict with several organizations that will stop for nothing until they have it. Make the right choices to make the right alliances and save the world from extinction.Rating 9/10==Combat==Combat is pretty much the same throughout the whole game.. this doesn't mean that it’s boring though. You will have a limited amount of action points per character, depending on your skills. Both moving and shooting will cost action points so use them wisely. Some combat phases can be really challenging because of the environment you're in. Gain advantage by seeking higher ground and make sure that you get a lot of cover, it will definitely save your life multiple times. A higher combat initiative allows your team to act more often in a battle and will surely come in handy when you fight 10 baddies at once.Rating 6/10==Gear==You will be happy to know that you will be able to choose from a lot of weapon types to use. And you can even put modifications on them! A big variety of weapons and weaponmods allow you to create your own personal weapons of mass destruction. The only thing I found disappointing was that you will be using the same weapon for a long time until you proceed into a new area. They are also pretty expensive in the shop. Make sure that you make the right decision on bringing the guns you find with you, or turn them into scrap metal to sell.There is also a lot of clothing to be found in the wasteland. You will stumble across the weirdest hats, shirts and pants which together make an even weirder outfit. Make sure you try everything on!Rating 8/10-------------------------------So after having said all of this, I would very much like to recommend this game to people who like a game full of adventure, mystery and action with a lot of choices and plot twists. The overall rating of this game for me concludes:7,9/10A few extra tips:* Save a lot!!* Always reload before battle!!* Stock up on ammo!!* Take cover!!* ENJOY!!Mr. Grey*"
76561197961201089,Recommended,240760,11940171,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,ShameOnU,"This seems like it'll be a great game when released, currently I've only played the early access content and thats already pretty great. If you're a fan of top-down turn based combat and RPG games like Divinity Original Sin, Fallout 1 and 2, Baldur's gate, Icewind Dale, Shadowrun Returns. Then you'll probably love this game."
76561198176494822,Recommended,240760,23510073,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Shankwell,"I downloaded the game over the free-to-play weekend, and I'm hooked.  It reminds me of why I used to love playing computer RPGs, particularly turn-based games like XCOM and Fallout 1 & 2.  The writing is funny and quirky, and there are just an incredible amount of easter eggs that reference the developers' obvious love for sci-fi, fantasy, pen and paper role playing games and late 20th century pop culture.  Just about every item, including the massive amount of different junk items, has a tongue-in-cheek description if you take a moment to click on them.Some people seem to be complaining about the combat system, but it's pretty standard for any good turn based tactical game.  I like the fact that you can position your team around a skirmish utilizing high ground and obstacles for cover.  It's a nice, nostalgic change of pace from the real time combat that basically every game utilizes now.I haven't gotten terribly far into the story, but it appears that every decision you make ripples outwards and affects how the rest of your play experience goes.  Feel like desecrating graves, shooting dogs and leaving a smoking trail of destruction behind your every move?  You're free to do so if that's what amuses you.  Your skill at picking locks not too great?  Blow open the door with some dynamite, kick it in, or just blast it open with a shotgun.  If you can't disable a trap, just have a tank open the crate and soak up the damage.  There are multiple ways to solve just about any problem you encounter.  I love that feature.  In most games, I feel like I'm missing out if I can't open every locked or secret door in the dungeon.I probably wouldn't have stumbled across this game if it weren't for the free preview weekend, and I'm so glad it was featured.  It's not 100% perfect, but I'd give it a solid 8/10."
76561197970548719,Recommended,240760,12235658,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,durodragon,"Best of the turn-based RPGs I've played this year.This tickled my turn-tactical bone in the same way X-Com Enemy Unknown did. Now that I've played it through I enjoyed the general story arc, it felt like you were bringing law and order to a land full of people clammoring for it. Gotta love the Star Trek-esque takes on alternative societies as humanity claws its way back from the grave.It isn't perfectly open ended, but you have a lot of freedom to accomplish goals. I ended up doing a lot of quest lines backwards by outright murdering individuals .. which inadvertently solved quests later. A lot of times you're forced to take 'sides' in conflicts between factions, but you can just obliterate both of them if you so choose. In certain cases that may even be desirable, we're talking about some odious people here.The gameplay is pretty solid. Investing in social skills heavily can pay off in several questlines later. There's plenty of skill objectives in every map, making it feel rewarding if you invested in something as seemingly irrelevant as Toaster repair. The various weapon types all feel useful in different ways, forcing you to seriously consider if items are up upgrades to your playstyle or not.Terrific RPG."
76561198001124257,Recommended,240760,25524345,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dr.Zhuki,"I reccomend this game to all Fallout 1 & 2 fans, and to all gamers that enjoys solving unsolvable ethical and moral dilemmas. :)"
76561197992743169,Recommended,240760,11799780,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,[V13]MostlyRock,"Wasteland 2 is to Wasteland what X-Com: Enemy Unknown is to X-Com: UFO Defense, and so much more. It is more than just a refurbished classic with updated graphics and interface; it truly is what happens next. I recognize people and places I knew when I first explored the Wasteland; old teammates are now grizzled veterans in positions of authority, landmarks are still there, just as I pictured them… and sometimes even better. I can see where my trials and tribulations helped the people of the Wasteland… and where my hard fought battles did not matter after all. It's nostalgic, new and exciting all at the same time. I highly recommend purchasing this game and enveloping yourself in post-apocalyptic Arizona again, or first time. You won't regret it!"
76561198008225825,Recommended,240760,12504801,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Daxius,"If you are a fan of the original Wasteland, Fallout 1 & 2, or RPG's in general, then this is a really good game to get."
,Recommended,240760,18478809,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Spooky Spyke,It's even better than the original version. I'm still early on in the game but I freakin' love it and I almost wish it was a standalone expansion at full price so I could throw more money at the developers. Everyone needs to play this game.
,Recommended,240760,11532819,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Darren,"For fans of the post apocolyptic setting, this game is game of the year."
76561198032090845,Recommended,240760,18831238,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,WabbaCat,"Pros:Great game, fun to playhumor can be a bit off sometimes, but its all over and pretty good usually.large party, 7 after recruiting... with many choices. Customization ++captures the experience of being a desert ranger pretty well, rather than just wearing the title.Modding community, of which I havent checked out yet... but thats always a plus.Cons:***UPDATE*** Game isnt anything like when I intitially reviewed it. I no longer have the below issues--Buggy, very buggy.... I switched over to the Directors Cut version, which is where I am encountering many bugs, some of which lock up the game or some other effect that causes me to shut down the game and load, losing as much as 10 minutes at a time... which isnt much until you consider how OFTEN these kind of bugs happen. In a single sitting, expect it at least 5 times.I cant speak for the original version, but its much less buggy if I remember correctly.Then theres unbarable lag in certain areas... I can reduce my settings to make it work... but,♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I play the most graphically demanding games on ultra settings, and for some reason this kind of game which isnt graphically impressive in the least bit is causing me trouble? No, this game needs to be optimized BADLY.Despite the flaws of this game, I still recommend it highly."
,Recommended,240760,12307525,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Pluvio,"In short, this game is excellent. However this is coming from a gamer who still replays Fallout Tactics: Brotherhood of steel and owns both Xcom: Enemy Unknown and its expansion. I love my squad based RPGs, turns or no. And I love the post-apocalyptic setting even more, it has always been one of my favourite areas to tread, and with Wasteland 2 I have tread far and wide, nearing the end of this game I am already looking forwards to re-rolling on Ranger difficulty for many more hours of frustratingly amazing gameplay.Many people complain that this game is too hard, and that they have to restart multiple times, but I have not restarted a single time, nor have I encountered many bugs aside from the occassional camera glitch (Exactly 3 times in 50 hours of game play). I am still playing through on my first squad roll and loving every bit of it! The love you put into your squad before you start playing is the basis for everything that comes after - Remember that."
76561198038371482,Recommended,240760,11081710,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rat 13,"Well as a fan of RPGs i couldn't walk away from this one. I mean this is a real hardcore, oldschool RPG at it's best! Early access brought on us many bugs, glitches and many times after another patch game would not run... but, now it's made a whole, there are some minor fixes left so what will Wasteland 2 can give you?Graphics: Decent. It's not masterpiece in graphical state, but it's not the polygons that make game looks, it's artstyle. And it's there! You think Wasteland 's a big sandbox? With some rubble piles here and there? Destroyed houses and cities? yes all that, but also plenty more! Gen labs, terrariums, farms, villages; there are enough places and variety to feel like home (if you're a fan of postapocalyptic).Gameplay: True oldschool. Do not touch this game if you're JRPG\console raised or school lad\lass. You probably feel lost, because game require brains to play. From Charecter creation to Wasteland jorney. You allowed to create up to 4 charecters, and will meet some more on ye joprneys, team can be 7 people max. And it is important what stats and skills charecter posses. Many times to find alternate root or to unlock secret, or simply to snoop around you will need some particular skill; One charecter will not be able to be master of everything, so think, do math... still you will probably will have to start game all over after first 3 hours. Stats btw are connected, so if you want fast or strong charcter you will have to sacrifice something in order to build that charecter. So it's important to understand what do you want, not blindly jumping into a game (stats btw can not be increased with level up, only skills can. Though you will find little trinkets here and there that will amplify particular stat). And the most awesome of all -- you can write your own biography for charecter! And use random avatars! As the game starts, well it's you standart RPG; World map, quests, exploration, fights... but with a certan twists here and there. For example, while wondering through the desert your charecters will need water and rad protection (or they will die) water can be refiled in Oasis or on base still you need to plan ahead. Combat can be very hard, or simple (depends on your charecter combatant skills and difficulty level), there are a variety of enemies and some of them can be really chalenging, or will require a certan tactic to defeat. Finaly a lot of secrets, alternate roots, quests that go against each other: Right from the begining you will have a choise to save X or Y and this WILL, I repeat WILL affect game, not like in JRPG or modern adventures. No, you WILL suffer the consiquences of ye choise... High replayability value.Music and Sound: Musik is... well it support atmosphere still you will probably won't even notice that it exist. Sound on the other hand is great.Final verdict? If you love Fallout 1 and 2, if you love oldschool RPG that require brain for play, if you hungry for challenge and want game that will give you freedom while restricting you gently. This is Wasteland 2 lady and gentleman: a game that every hardcore player and every oldschool gamer must own."
,Recommended,240760,16441937,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Devouringrossus,"This was a great game and exactly what I was looking for. Good choices, a bit text laden in places and some balance issues in skills and weapons but the only reason I haven't given it another playthrough after completion is the free upgrade to GOTY edition that's heading out sometime."
76561197995760735,Recommended,240760,29881350,Posted: 12 February,all,ReSiDeNt_EviL,"Wow, what a game! From start to finish it just kept getting better. Even now it is still worth the money in my opinon. There is some serious playtime in this game as well and some genuine replayability. A whole varierty of choices to make throughout that have genuine consequences and when you finish you get a detailed summary explaining how your choices affect all the areas you have interacted with through the game as well as your own team. Even if you aren't a fan of this this genre please have a go, I don't think you will be disappointed.Looking forward to number 3 now :-)"
76561197971724802,Recommended,240760,24718726,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Wasteland 2: Director’s Cutis an isometric, turn-based strategy RPG set in post-apocalyptic Arizona. It follows the exploits of the Desert Rangers, a group of self-appointed peacekeepers who make it their business to settle disputes and protect the innocent from the horrors of the new world. Unfortunately, the Rangers have fallen on hard times of late, losing the trust of the common folk, and must work even harder to preserve their once glorious name.The game is an excellent update on a classic RPG experience, placing you squarely in the harshest of settings with a more benevolent role to play than most other “post-nuclear” game experiences with an excellent and open world exploration and battle system, as well as deep character customization and a dynamic, ever-changing story and world experience.Wasteland 2: Director’s Cutis very open in terms of story and flow, and will almost always provide a unique experience based on your party choices, in-game decisions, interactions with certain groups, and success in handling problems for the citizens of your jurisdiction. Each game is going to be a completely different experience based on the party you choose, simply due to the access or restrictions you’ll have from the skills your party possesses.THE GOOD- Immersive world packed with lore- Great world exploration- Excellent turn-based combat system- Deep character customizationTHE BAD- Bad camera control- Looks outdated in places- Crams a lot onto the screen8/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
,Recommended,240760,29056689,Posted: 6 January,all,nazee zamby patriarch,"I recommend this game, but there's a few problems. basically, I had to open a walkthru to figure out a few quests, and I should never need to do that. and honestly, kinda tired of turn based combat, there's no way to crank the combat speed up to instant, so a lot of the petty overworld battles drag on. after the game removed one of my best party members in an unscripted story event, I actually downloaded a save editor out of frustration and gave myself a stack of free weapon mods and a ton of ammo. I feel like that is a flaw in the game design when I am suddenly and unavoidably crippled like that.that being said, this has a lot of charm and a good story. the final battle even rewards me for all the people and towns I saved, which is a great reason to take a lot of care when making decisions. I really loved being part of a well organized group of post apocalyptic vigilante lawmen right from the start, going on call and sniping monsters with my specialist team of tacticool operators.it's not a perfect result but at least they cared about the game. still, would have been better if I had the option to let scotchmo set off that nuke (oh, you mean I actually could have but didn't get any indication? that's not good).this is from someone who gave a positive review to fallout 1, 2, 3, nv, and 4. it's good to see someone putting in the work for a proper rpg."
,Recommended,240760,32879016,Posted: 27 June,all,whit3_w3dow,"**DISCLAIMER** This review is going to be a ""biased"" review. I'm a huge fan of Wasteland and am completely nostalgic to this series. Coming from a 29 year old that watched his Dad play the first Wasteland when he was 4 years old (and who replayed it a couple years ago), I fell in love with the story, honestly. It may sound cringe as hell but I was nostalgic and laughing with all the throwbacks from the first game. To see some of the old characters, and where they are now 15 in game years later, brought back a ton of happy memories.I give the game a ""who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about scores and play it""/10. Thanks for reading through all this! **DISCLAIMER**Wasteland 2 will take you, along with your newly created Desert Ranger recruits, all around post-apocalyptic Arizona in the beginning stages. Without too much spoiler-inos, an old companion from the first game, Ace, has been murdered by an unknown individual. General Vargas (also a companion from the first game, now head honcho of the DR's) tasks your party to find some evidence of the heinous murder, and since you guys aren't necessarily Desert Rangers yet, this is an opportunity for you to shine and get some recognition from him. This is all I'll speak of, but you'll run into a plot full of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥ spanning from Arizona to Southern California!Have fun trying to survive encounters with♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off honey badgers, psychotic raiders, hungry cannibals, overclocked robots, super polite civil enforcers, radiation zones, crazy critters, ♥♥♥♥ed up cyborgs, more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off honey badgers, atomic pups, mad militias, huge scorpion tanks (we aren't in Vegas anymore, toto) and god damned dehydration.... all while saving what little part of the world you possibly can, showing those that are less fortunate the bright white light the Desert Rangers can be.**CAN BE**Wasteland 2 gives you numerous ways to get through the many quests you'll play through. You can play as a good guy, a not so much good guy, or an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (who'd want to do that?). You can talk to someone important and sweet talk him him into giving you a key to open a certain door, you can use a party member to use a lock pick skill on that said door, or you can also just shoot a missile at the same door to blast it open, too. What I'm trying to convey is that Wasteland 2 is giving you plenty of options to complete your objective, and you'll have a lot them to complete. Some of those objectives, depending on how/when you complete them, can reward you later on. So, if you're going to play like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, be prepared to be treated like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. No complaining."
76561198032250149,Recommended,240760,25475060,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,LotDeathhail,"Very fun game. It's a lot like fallout tactics. It's also only slightly less buggy as fallout tactics. At times the percents seem completely meaningless, and it feels like there was a lot of unfinished content. But it still is very fun."
,Recommended,240760,11965383,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Giff patch #ConsolePeasant,"Love the beta so far, but I highly doubted dev can fix all the bugs and at the same time release♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of new content before the release date. Espcially the bugs in Damonta are quite broken..."
76561197975280834,Not Recommended,240760,12589275,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Ayeohx,"This game hates you.Loot aquisition is just horrible.  Make the best damn thief around, max out your skills and you'll still fail opening locks, safes, etc.  If you're so inclined you can save before and reload if you fail and try try and try a-frickin-gain.  I don't feel like cheating so I don't.At one point you get ambushed by a cyborg death squad that shoots you with energy weapons. It's crazy difficult.  The recommendations from the message boards: Before going into this situation strip off your armor.  Well grand.The game should have stopped in Arizona.  California is alright, storywise, but the game mechanics shatter.  Maybe it's a balance issue, who knows.  It feels like they wiped out your skills and reset them to zero due to the difficulty being so over the top. EVERYTHING in California is a Herculean skill difficulty.A lot of games really build up and reward you for the time spent, but no, not this game. THIS GAME HATES YOU."
76561198008436936,Not Recommended,240760,12631446,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,DKDOGG,"I know this game is in no way linked to the fallout series, but obviously there are direct comparisons to the first two fallout games, and possibly tactics as well.  A lot of players have commented that it brings back the feeling of the old fallout games, but I can't agree with them.  The greeat thing about fallout 1 and 2 were the intellegence and humour of the games, and also the sense of progression.  The quests and puzzles were tricky, but not so much that you got fed up and gave up on them.Wasteland 2 seems to have taken all of the bad bits of the fallout series and left out the good bits.  There's lots of trudging around the wasteland with not much to do.  You encounter vastly overpowered enemies early on, you have to cycle through reams of pointless speach, progression through ranks is slow and painful with little reward at the end, the missions are nonsensical and give you little clue about what you are doing.  The last point is the worst part about the game.  I've trudged about for hours trying to fathom out what the hell I'm supposed to do to complete the first missions.  I ended up being attacked by most of the main characters and having to kill them!  I'm so gutted that I paid top whack for this game, as I really wanted to, and really tried to enjoy it."
,Recommended,240760,8175984,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,nomadUsagi,"Even if it's a beta version at the time i write this comment, i really recommend this game !!This is awesome ! We find the same spirit we've found in the first Fallout ! I really enjoy turn based old school isometric rpg and Wasteland 2 make this with today's technologie ! A lot of fun, a lot of fight, a real story... Never seen this in a game for a long long time !"
,Not Recommended,240760,12617333,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Djinn,"I found the game to have serious game design flaws that make me regret the purchase.  May this be a warning to others.First there is way to much useless clicking involved. Seemingly every action requires another useless click. For example: characters don't just level up, one needs to call in to HQ then pretend to read the useless exchange with the caption then click through a series of boring dialog options only then can one go to assking skill points. Seriously I was annoyed by this even the first time around. You have to do this each time a character levels up ...Here is another: assigning an item to a hotkey is not just dragging the item into the hotkey slot, you have to right click the item (even though the help says right-click to use, you have to disregard that) then click the assign hot key then click the hotkey. The interfaces are a little sluggish so you won't be clicking all that fast either.Maps: The maps are tiny, cramped and sluggish. One seemingly needs to always rotate the map back and forth not to miss a detail. There is always another zone to load there is no sense of exploration or adventure.  All the background are prerendered and non mostly non destructible. It is very difficult to figure out quest objectives - some objects are ""indestructible"" until some quest objective is finished but still show up as targetable - so you end up wasting ammo on them.Combat: The game interface is unforgiving in combat - it is hard to tell which character is in LOS of another thus in danger to get into a friendly fire incident. Combat alway seems to play out the same way, the enemy bum rushes you - and because the AI is dumb it has beefed up stats to make up for that. See that big rabbit that you shot four times already - it still has an insane range and attack power and still has the ability to quickly take down a trained well armed ranger. It is just bad game desing.Travel: The map travel is boring and uninspired, who wants to watch an icon moving on a map - there is this seeminly pointless difficulty setting of having toxic fumes appear out of nowhere thus killing your entire party. WTF game design is that?I really tried to like this game but unfortunately it lacks the simplicity and fun factor of old school tactical games such as XCOM or Jagged Alliance."
,Recommended,240760,34272942,Posted: 16 August,all,BrotherLewis,Turn settings down to quarter textures and it's suprisingly potato compatible. Director's Cut needs higher spec
76561198128153462,Not Recommended,240760,17242673,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,cameron871,"I want to like this but when a game that feels it has to punish players with no chance of winning because even though youve stacked the cards you still lose.  Combat is terrible, no tactical aspect meaning skill in combat doesnt matter just keep attacking and hoping your guy doesnt miss again.  Where a game like Pillars of Eternity did a good job of giving you challenge but once you hit a wall you cant cross you can level up so you can have a fighting chance Wasteland 2 says just keep hitting that wall till you manage to maybe break through if not then too bad.  This makes the game frustrating in the wrong ways and sucks the fun right out of it. Im sorry but this is one game i cannot give my time to."
,Not Recommended,240760,13028105,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Xaito,"I was looking forward to the game and have waited with playing it until full release. Sadly to me it is a big disappointment and I really tried to like it.I've caught myself trying to find reasons to keep playing the game and just couldn't find any better argument than ""you've paid money for it, now you have to play it"".Everything seems uninteresting, uninspired or plain weird. The characters are boring, the dialogue is lame, the quests feel like a chore. I didn't get any sense of adventure or exploration out of the game - whenever I found something on the map it didn't feel like I've discovered something special, it doesn't feel like it belongs in the game world, it feels like a set piece that's there because later in the game you'll have to do boring quests in it. This makes exploration even more tedious since I can't shake the feeling that I might break the game or quests if I start going where the story didn't tell me to go yet."
76561198148997598,Not Recommended,240760,14847917,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,The Iconoclast,"Let all comparisons to Fallout 1 and/or 2 be retroactively rendered null and void with the same nullification applied to all comparisons henceforth. Simply put: if you are looking for an experience like the original Fallouts, keep looking. This isn't any fraction as good as either of them because it simply isn't good at all.I can forgive an ENORMOUS quantity of technical faults. Bugs, bland combat, and graphics that were obsolete 10 years ago simply don't phase me if the less tangible aspects of a game are exceptional. These aspects include, in order: writing, character interaction, and world interaction/immersion (coherence, reactivity and a sense of player agency). Fallout 1 and 2 had these in spades and although no game can touch Planescape: Torment's character interaction, I at least never felt like I was running around with faceless, generic AIs for companions.I should've known by the fact that you create an entire party (versus one player character who represents you) that the most meaningful and elusive elements of an RPG would be missing (the feeling that you're a participant in a world). The difference between Fallout and Wasteland 2 is like the difference between Baldur's Gate 2 and Icewind Dale...except Icewind Dale advertised itself correctly and successfully executed the thing it was trying to do/be.I don't know if it was laziness or simply a lack of skill that produced this heap of a plot, but it feels like it could be either and/or both. At around the 12 hour mark, I hear the radio transmission about becoming immortal, invulnerable, disease free and beautiful...Combined with the mysterious robotic/synthetic threat, the 'faction' known as Children of the Cathedral and the basic ability to put 2 and 2 together, I deduced that the plot was something to do with turning people into robots. Not unlike Fallout 1's Children of the Cathedral being a front for the Master seeking to turn people into mutants who are long-lived, disease free, stronger, faster, better, whatever. That's so much not unlike it, that it's EXACTLY like it. You can't even call that an homage...because homage doesn't mean 'blatant ripoff'.And the writing that everyone is showering in praise? Here's a stool - I mean writing - sample from Wasteland 2: ""A lone road stretches on. A dry wind whips at your back with the sandy shards from decades of lost hopes and dreams."" That's the line of text you get on entering The Prison...which is a former prison now occupied by raiders. So not only is there no visible/audible wind/swirls/eddies/gusts, the other half of the description is hard to connect to a place that housed criminals in the past and present. I'm not sure that I care about the hopes and dreams of murderers...and unwarranted melodrama aside, it's just too lengthy and hard to read...the second sentence should've been broken up into two. Compare this with a description from Fallout 2: ""Before you stands Hakunin, the village shaman. He appraises you with his crazy eyes from somewhere in the world only he inhabits."" Not only is that less cumbersome/awkward to read, when you actually see and speak to Hakunin, you realize that a more perfect description could not have been penned.All I have to say about the music is that I can't believe it was done by the same Mark Morgan who composed Fallout 1 and 2's music. It's as if he couldn't find any inspiration in the material for which he was to compose. No surprise there.The voice work is...serviceable at best and one step shy of laughably bad at worst...but mostly serviceable. I don't know if it was for a lack of space on CDs or for an abundance of sense, but games back in the day RIGHTLY kept voice acting to a minimum. This guaranteed that the voices that were present were of excellent quality. Compare this to the Elderscrolls approach of giving a million characters the same grating voice. Thank christ for the march of technology. There simply isn't a game budget (unless Warren Buffet was involved) to fund quality voice acting for all characters. Wasteland 2 seemed to understand that...but then couldn't cast decent actors for the few voiced characters it had. It also should've voiced fewer characters and hired better actors instead.That about covers all the non-mechanical stuff. And the mechanical stuff has already been covered by everyone else and yes, it's as awful as they say. 5 different skills for opening things. 3 different skills for talking to people. Did there really have to be separate skills for assault rifles and SMGs? Or for bladed and blunt weapons? The more obscure skills yielded disproportionately better results than the generally useful ones, artificially decreasing the effectiveness of reasonable characters. For instance: Hard safes contained the same crap as easy safes but hard toasters contain useful and unique weapons?!? 4% jam rates translate to 6 characters jamming in a row for two turns??? It costs more action points to clear a jam than to reload?!?!?! I can make headshots but I can't target other body parts for at least SOME tactical depth?!?! Enemies can't do more than charge or stay in place? Characters' faces can't have features in 2015???I could've forgiven all of that...if only Wasteland 2 gave me a world I could care about with characters that were more than quest dispensers and text that was better than college level. UGH! Even the first major choice you make, going to Ag Center or Highpool, is so poorly and heavy-handedly executed. HERE ARE TWO PLACES THAT NEED RESCUING BUT YOU ONLY HAVE TIME TO SAVE ONE. MAKE A HARD CHOICE AND THEN LISTEN TO THE DRAMA OF THE SCREAMING PEOPLE FROM THE PLACE YOU CHOSE NOT TO GO TO!!! IT'S BRILLIANT AND IMPORTANT AND NOT AT ALL FORCED! In Fallout, there would've been 5 ways to handle it. 2 with different, gruesome outcomes. 2 different neutral outcomes. And 1 where the outcome was unrelated but important and revealed later in the game (like in the Vault City vs Gecko quest arc).TL;DR Fallout is an experience. Wasteland 2 is just a game. Don't buy this thinking that your Fallout needs have finally been answered. They haven't. Lets just hope Beamdog somehow acquires the Fallout license and remakes Fallout 1 and 2 with added content or makes a Fallout 4...or something...I don't know...I have a Fallout deficiency."
76561198007263774,Not Recommended,240760,12542590,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,blinelik1,"Unfortunately very weak game with some RP and close to none tactical game play. Second disappointment of this year together with Divinity OS. Together they could be good game with 90+ out of 100 raiting, separate it's 45- for each.So basically no tactical gameplay(Brawling starts at first turn in that tactical game with relatively modern weapon, unless you know that there will be a fight and start first - then it starts 1-2 st turn).I wonder how do they get 80+ and community support though, even with rabidly old fan base - there is simply no game behind it.My advice - choose simplest level of difficuly(that doesn't make any difference except in how many bullets you spend), give 2 different weapon and 2-3 different skills to each toon(you have to use all skills to open all boxes), put points into 3 different ways of persuasion(yep, you cant threat on same level you can suck up) - and just RP through it.Will be nice japanese like story, with no - ofc.P.S. There is no point to compare it to Fallout - there is nothing that connects(except postacalyptic thingie) - visuals, tactics, RP - it's better in good oldies. Only reason to spend money for W2(vs other cheaper ways) is for hope to eventually get something worthy. And there is none.Upd. Didnt want to say anything about level of - it puts you into. But then after Alt-Tabing back to game after that review I've got ""impossible"" to open door that was 16% before. And even before alt-tab I couldn't even target second door in line of severals(targetable, if you start separately from them)."
,Recommended,240760,9359858,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Rusted Scrap Metal,"If you rave about Fallout and RPG's, and don't buy this, then I've lost all respect for you and hope that a hobo punches you.Seriously.Wait until it's out of Beta if you must, but play the first one (Wasteland Rangers Class of 88!) even with the graphics, then enjoy the hell out of this.Otherwise, well, you have nobody to blame for getting punched by a hobo except yourself."
,Recommended,240760,10387744,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Jackothee,"buggy it may be, but ive never had so much fun managing my crew's inventory. 9/10"
76561197961500017,Not Recommended,240760,12187693,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,tomsmith007,Great game but not ready for Mac just yet.  I have had crash after crash after crash.  There are graphics issues and loading issues and the latest bug (after 12 hours of game play) crashes the game as I try to move from one area to another.It has promise but has not bee fully tested.  If you are a Mac user I would wait a few months before buying.Now how do I get my money back.....
,Recommended,240760,14781938,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,sedthh,"while walking around aimlessly in the desert, I accidentally found 10 000 copies of the E.T. game for ATARI burried under the radioactive sands of ArisonaI've then spent the next half an hour bringing each and every one of them back to my baseturns out they are all worth 0$ so you can't sell them10 000/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,240760,12304084,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,MMR Bankruptcy - Jiyeon,Truly creative open world RPG with lots of freedom and real consequences to shape thte world
,Recommended,240760,12161210,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Az,"I don't even know what I'm doing anymore.  What is a ""life"" and how do I get one?  Doesn't matter; had Wasteland 2."
,Recommended,240760,12618097,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,El Tango Bandito,"7/10The game offers multiple ways of completing an objective, there is always soething more, or less you wish you would have done when you completed the mission, offering a great reason for a second playthrough. The combat ofers a decent chllanege to players, requiring them to use their environment to come out of a battle unscratched.There are a few glitches and bugs through out the game. Some becomes irritating and hinders the progression of some quests. At the end game, the story plot feels rushed."
76561198069682841,Recommended,240760,14411516,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Aint Falco,"This game is a brilliant blend of rpg elements combined with a very strong narrative. The combat however is not as strategic as games of the same genre such as XCOM. Nevertheless i recommend this game to people who are looking for a breath of fresh air from all of these AAA, half-baked messes that littered the year of 2014."
,Recommended,240760,12253280,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,☩ Maze ☩,Oh what you loved xcom?... ooooooh you also loved fallout 3 ? BUY THIS GAME!!!
,Recommended,240760,12411031,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Dienacarfire,"Wasteland 2 does an amazing job of being extremely enjoyable and absurdly annoying all the same time.  Poorly designed last quest hub area that was QA'd by drunk toddlers?  Check.  Horrible last boss fight that was loaded with boring enemies you already fought countless times, and chock full of terrible in-game AI companions that you don't control (and thus have to wait turns for)?  Check.  Contradictory ending segments which make no damn sense and want you to rage at the game?  Check.  Ending theme song that is so amazingly done you want to stab everyone on the team for botching all the other stuff?  Check.  +Rage!"
76561198030775494,Recommended,240760,13806482,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Arkatreides,"Not disappointed!First of all, Fallout 1 and 2 (FO1/2) were some of my all-time favourite games when I was younger. I never played Wasteland 1 and only heard of this when I started playing Fallout, by which time it was already 'dated' and I never bothered to play it (which might have been a mistake!). I was quite disappointed by Fallout 3 (though New Vegas redeemed the franchise for me). Yes, it was graphically more advanced but it totally lacked the feel and freedom that FO1/2 had. Sure there was a ton of stuff to do and the world was rich, but where it lacked was the way you customized your character and your inventory. One of the things that made FO1/2 great was the sheer amount of weapons (most with multiple ammo types/modes) and it always felt that stuff was scarce and you had to use the right tool for the job.So when Wasteland 2 was announced I was apprehensive: Would it stand up to FO1/2? I am pleased to say that I am not disappointed, and in some areas it even surpasses it.Here are a list of things I love about this game:- The party system. It has been a while since we had a great game where you can control all members of your party (another great game recently being Divinity Original Sin). Even FO1/2 only had a main character plus one companion model. The fact that I don't have to discard 90% of items because my main cannot use them is very refreshing. I also don't feel like I am missing out on stuff because among all members of the team someone will be able to cover it.- Meaningful skills. Every skill (well maybe almost every) is useful throughout the game and needs to be constantly leveled. However it's not hard to build a party that covers everything. And this again goes back to the party system. You need to create a team that complements each other and not just dump everything into guns. In fact one member in my party only had a rudimentary fighting abillity but turned out to be the most crucial to success throughout.- Tons of items. Lots of weapons, all customizable. At the same time ammo is scarce, especially at the start. Rely on melee to save bullets (this is reminiscent of one of the first fights in FO1 when I had a pistol with 3 bullets...).- Tactical combat. The combat is fun, positioning matters and many a fight can be won by changing tactics or preparing better by positioning the team. Combat doesn't always start at line of sight which gives you the opportunity to get everyone in a favourable position.- Meaningful decisions. I wont spoil too much but the decisions are there and meaningful and not just a simple try A, reload, try B. Sometimes it's only hours later that you realize what effect your actions had.- Humour. There are some great easter eggs in there that add to the humour. It's not as overboard as FO2 was but it has the same wacky ideas.Some areas where the game shines less:- The graphics are somewhat outdated. Personally I don't see this as too much of a problem (they are nowhere near bad) but if this concerns you, it might be a problem.- There is a LOT of text. Don't expect everything in voiceover. Very little is covered. Again, not a problem as the dialog is well written and worth reading, but nothing for people with short attention spans.Overall I would thoroughly recommend this to anyone who loved FO1/2 or any classic RPG.9/10"
,Recommended,240760,12242239,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Marjane,Cannot stop play.... Help me... lol 10/10
,Recommended,240760,13495589,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[Mush]Mspaint,"If you like Fallout 1-2 you will def. like this pearl, i get the ""War never changes"" feel of freedom i had back in the days and can for sure recomend it."
,Recommended,240760,13852885,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Jcon,"Diddint think Id like wasteland at first, but i decided to give it a go.. And I sure am glad i did.. Completely hooked!! Besides a few bugs and a stiff learning curve, I cant seem to find much wrong with it.. Tons of fun, Great story, and hours of gameplay! 9/10"
,Recommended,240760,13277107,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Olek,"I've never bothered reviewing a game before, to be frank there isn't that much out there worth the time, however with Wasteland 2 I'm making the effort, because it's worth it.Wasteland 2 is not only the second part of a game from the past, it is a reminder of how far games have fallen since, the devs have put a hell of a lot of effort into the game, the level of detail, the time put into even the small things, they just don't do it anymore.I'd say it is a must to anyone who is into tactical games, the story and characters are very witty, there is plenty of variety in both items and personality, I was especially suprised when I found Mad Max's V8 inteceptor, being an aussie it blew me away, had to call the Mrs to come and have a look.Anyway, it's a small price to pay for a game that will get you plenty of enjoyment, and from what I have read it looks like the devs are going to resurect another classic, I cannot wait."
76561198028681100,Recommended,240760,12481317,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Musical Vulpix,"I Love this game. This is the predecesor to the fallout world, its has gameplay mechanics like DND and Xcom had a child, and the story is incedibly in depth... almost too much so 80+ hours of gameplay my♥♥♥♥♥ 80+ Hours of gameplay & 100's of hours of reading text if you're into that stuff. This game is great and for under 50$ its a steal in my opinion."
76561197976228399,Recommended,240760,12182871,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,R.Reagan,As you can see. I own allot of game.  This one has to be the best of the year so far.  Well worth the money.  Kinda reminds me of the good old days of the original Wasteland.  And Fallout 1 and 2 before they went first person shooter.  With the added fun of an XCOM style fighting were you can actually take cover.  You can build your squad.  Modify weapons. Choose your style of play. Upgrade you squad... Thank God someone finally put some effort into a good game!
,Recommended,240760,12197505,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,PsychodelEKS,"Pros:- it is like good old Fallout (may be even more Tactics than original game) - touched the vibes of my childhood- tonns of content (loot, texts, locations)- plenty of quests and side events- humour- player decisions affect the world- pretty stable and have not seen any glitches yetCons:- some anticipated parts of gameplay missing (pickpocketing, stealth etc.)- really poor grahics for modern PC game (more of tablets level)- some gameplay moments are frustrating (no fast travel inside locations, buildings insides are mostly separate locations, map design flaws, some necessary quest data is not logged etc.)Definitely worth a try if you played/enjoyed Fallout (+Tactics), Silent Storm and such."
76561197993543612,Recommended,240760,12396217,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,eat bugse,"This game is buggy, crude, clunky, ugly, and unpolished. It is also loads of fun and really addictive + good.If you are a whiny nitpicker, you will probably not like this game.If you enjoy character customization, fun combat, and massive amounts of detail as well as find the act of figuring the game out fun you will love it.I loved it."
,Recommended,240760,12162110,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,EGO DEATH,Legit
76561198023507159,Recommended,240760,12863594,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,the.grognard,"This is a good title if you're a fan of the FallOut universe or turn-based games in general.The story-line, for me, took a while to get going, but the narative and team/character building nature of the game ramp up nicely.The Directors cut is an impressive upgrade to the game.  It literally blew me away...well not literally, but it's pretty cool."
,Recommended,240760,13767575,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Antonio Margheriti,"For me personally, I spent three days debateing whether or not to buy this game.  It had its price reduceds to $20 at the time.  I had been looking for a solid rpg that was hard and interesting.  I had played X-com, but this was much different.  I am only about 2 hours into the game, but I can tell you to but this.  Deep decisions and character customization provide a great experiance."
,Recommended,240760,12392841,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,-=PR=-Yusuf,If you like old school CRPG's youll love it. A bit slow in the begining but it gets better as it moves along.
76561197990997864,Recommended,240760,12293387,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,aetherdadta,Fun Times.
76561198081179151,Recommended,240760,23558948,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Grevo,"fantastic game, loved every second of it. Super rich world, environments are astounding. Sometimes the percentage based accuracy is a little mean, but its not a big issue. The only problem i have with it is buying the game. Thanks to steam being itself, i was unable to buy the game at the half off price. and the issue has been resolved, meaning i cant play the game unless i buy it, at full price. thanks steam. love the game. 10/10"
76561198032992462,Recommended,240760,13351358,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,ACAB,"the real fall out 3, if you like the old fall outs do not miss it..."
76561198024076012,Recommended,240760,12493846,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Gnome,"What an addictive piece of work!!! Great job Dev team. Store is solid and gritty. Game play is top notch. Voice work is great and funny. Art done right. The list goes on and on.  There is a use for every Item, perk, skill, etc. In depth to the fullest intent possible."
,Not Recommended,240760,13881243,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,AquaDrehz,"At least not now.""When I click Call in"" the game always close itself and return to the desktop.No steam store page popped up so it would be a game crash."
,Recommended,240760,12154085,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Utildayael,I can live my lifelong post-apocolypse dream of being a Toaster Repairman.10/10
,Recommended,240760,25810239,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Smuffle,"I have mixed feelings about this game. On one hand, the world, exploration and setting is interesting and well-created. On the other hand, the combat is clunky. For instance, allies that you can't control (NPCs, robots, rogue PCs) have a tendecy to be stupid, shooting friendlies with a machine gun, instadowning them for a small chance of hitting the enemy. You could say I should move my players out of the way, but in cases of ambush or they having generally higher initiative, it won't matter the first rounds. Also, the tactical aspect of the game is lackluster and online exist when facing human opponents, as cover, positioning plays very little effect while fighting other enemies. So, if you are fighting several robots that are better equipped than you, though, you can rarely impact the outcome by trying to outsmart your opponent.However, I do recommend the game, but be prepared for some re-loading your game.NB! I have more than 25 hours in the DC edition which won't show. Disregard whatever the record indicate."
,Recommended,240760,13189543,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Colonel RPG,"Wasteland 2 is the first of hopefully many games made for people who like proper RPGs and not (just) explosions and chain bikinis.It's an old-school RPG, meant to be played with thought and investment, but not so much thought and investment that it'll scare away newbies. Basically the best game of the last 4 years, hands down, even though it's not without flaws.Of course, any gamer worth its salt will have played, finished and enjoyed plenty of critically bugged and flawed games, because, in the end, a bugs can be patched, crappy design can't. And Wasteland 2 is a diamond with a couple of rough edges, at most.Brilliant."
76561198060006194,Recommended,240760,23527939,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,super86dave,If you love the original fallouts then this is up your ally.
76561197968683662,Recommended,240760,23519782,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Rigel,"The Pros: This game is dripping with atmosphere and has some amazing writing. The core gameplay mechanics are solid, and it ultimately delivers on exactly what it promises.The Cons: The 'annoyance factor' is pretty high. The game is filled with things that aren't prohibitively terrible, but just make you sigh and roll your eyes constantly. The weapon jamming mechanic adds nothing to gameplay and exists solely to be a pain in the butt from time to time, the camera often gets stuck behind things and makes seeing certain interactive objects very difficult, the game does not automatically reload weapons after battle, combat often feels kinda slow-paced and janky, etc, etc.Like I said, the issues with the game are not dealbreakers, but there are a lot of things here which just seem downright bad from a design perspective - many of which would have been fine ten or fifteen years ago, which is the era of gaming Wasteland 2 takes a lot of its cues from - but are just not acceptable by modern sandards.  It's still a really good game and again, I'd recommend it just for the atmosphere alone - they NAILED that aspect in particular just about perfectly. But it feels like they could have done better."
,Recommended,240760,12603118,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Shizwack,"8.5Pros:-Mother♥♥♥♥in' Wasteland 2, man-Post-apocalyptic fun-Great writing, cool story and sidequests-Pays terrific homage to the original-Nice, simple turn-based RPG combat-Weapon modding-LOTS of neat skills to work withCons:-Environments feel a bit stale-Some very frusterating bugs on release-7 Rangers feels a bit overkill"
,Recommended,240760,12225051,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,sKEPPIE,Really good storry and GP 8/10. Need more games like this.
76561198061995292,Recommended,240760,12165342,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Debrel,"10/10 game doesn't find custom portraits if the folder path has umlauts in it....But this has been fixed now, best weapon jamming simulator ever made!"
,Recommended,240760,23528839,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Salohcin Tsuw,"So I played this game while it was free for the weekend because the style grabbed my curiosity.The customization for character creation isn't bad, but there could be more to it. I think my biggest complaint is when you use your skills. I lost count on how many times I critically failed on something, when the chance of critically failing was like 1-5% chance. It's as if the percentages don't matter and it's all based on random chance. For example, I had to use computer science to unlock an electronic safe. I had a 98% to succeed, and I failed.....3 times in a row! This happened a lot more frequently, however, with disarming traps. Also this game leans heavily towards the intelligence attribute. If you don't have a high intelligence, it is incredibly hard to level up your characters' skills.Now the good things about the game. The storyline is pretty well done, although there could be more rewarding side missions. I like the play style of the game and the fact that you can move the camera practically however you want. I started the game on rookie, cause I have never played this game before, and it was still pretty difficult, until you got the hang of it and became OP.With all of that said, and I probably could have added more to both pros and cons, it isn't a bad game. Is it worth more than $20? No way. That's the most I'd pay for it. But it is a game worth buying. Just get it when there's a deal for it."
,Recommended,240760,12201862,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,エビ猫,"So far, this game is rad. Character creation/management is detailed but not overly tedious. The sound design in particular is very impressive. The voiceovers aren't super cheesy. The combat feels savage and gritty. I feel like there is some weight to the decisions I'm making. Would recommend."
76561198098582824,Recommended,240760,13814775,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Joe,I recommend but story line is hard to follow....and manipulating the camera angles is a real pain...but if you like buidling a team then deploying them then its worth the head ache...
,Recommended,240760,12190208,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,yesdrama,Can't stop playing..............
,Recommended,240760,12421939,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,[(Pi)] James_UK,Got into a fight with a disco bot which made my characters want to do the boogaloo10/10
76561198003004500,Recommended,240760,12731003,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Vharguen,Nice but the % is so messed up. 3% jam = actually es more like 50%.Sniper with 96% in the shoot = miss 3 of 4 times.
,Recommended,240760,13759008,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Orkeosaurus,"What I like about this game is it doesn't hold your hand from the start. The character building is deep enough that you have to really think about rounding your team out. For instance you might not want a heavy gunner and an assault rifleman because they use the same kind of ammo, which can be sparse. Every fight requires some strategization, from avoiding triggering environmental stuff to positioning your shotgunners so they don't also pellet the guy in front of them. The game is also difficult enough that I don't feel bad about savescumming. At first I was honestly wondering why there wasn't an ironman mode because that seems to be so popular nowadays, but I see why. This is one of the few games lately that can keep my attention for hours on end. It might not be for everyone but I highly recommend it for people who enjoy CRPGS because so far it's gone toe to toe with the classics and has me curious about Wasteland 1."
76561198053512716,Recommended,240760,23573863,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Anderwu,"Those who enjoyed Fallout 1-2 will totally love this game! Fantastic ¨npcs¨ work and a lot of directions to take. You wont have it easy though , you will have to work for it ! WTB Wasteland 3 now !  GG Free trial , you hooked me up !Ceux qui ont aimé Fallout 1-2 vont vraiment aimer ce jeux! Les ¨npcs¨ sont bien pensés et il y a beaucoup de directions a prendre. Pas si facille comme jeux par exemple,  vous allé devoir travailler fort !"
,Recommended,240760,23624574,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Snow,"OK I almost never write reviews and played this game mostly in offline mode, but seeing the mixed reviews just made me angry. This game, like many cRPGs only gets better as time wears on. Many people hear ""oh it's like fallout? must be amazing!"" then realize it was like FO1 & FO2, not the shooter sequels. I quite like the new Fallouts, and New Vegas is my favorite Fallout ever, but this a cRPG through and through. If you want a cRPG this game is a goddamn masterpiece. If you enjoy this I recommend Pillars of Eternity."
76561197966664598,Recommended,240760,12214447,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Km,A mix of Fallout 2 rpg elements and the new X-com combat. Lacks polish and the graphics aren't the best but fans of the genre should definitely check this one out.
,Recommended,240760,12214893,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,HEV Elite,"Gameplay: 10/10Sounds: 6/10Multiplayer: N/AGraphics: 5/10Additional Comments:+ Complete customization of characters (bio, picture, appearence)+ Smart and tactical enemy encounters+ Addicting loot searching+ Random events+ Extreamly long campaign (12+ hours)- Uses sound effects from AVA and other sound databases- Appears ""half finished"" with some dialog voiced and others not- Dated graphics from unity engine- Clumsy camera9/10"
76561198046753660,Recommended,240760,13808895,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,NHS-Underpaid-Overworked,"Fantastic!Beautiful graphics and superb gameplay, not to mention the vivid and rich story.I never played the first wasteland nor even heard of it but watching the devs videos and posts, this seems a great homage to the first wasteland game. It's refreshing to see Devs working so hard to produce a game that gamers WANT!It's also refreshing to play a game where YOU have to keep track of your missions and solve them by yourself, rather than having and giant cursor saying ""This is your objective"" or ""Go here to advance"".This game does not hold your hand.Learn, adapt, survive.9/10!"
,Recommended,240760,25987966,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Fisher,"I picked up a can and a screaming goat kicked my♥♥♥♥♥ Then a giant frog ate my guns.There was more after that, but the game is really about that. Little details. There's so many! You can read everything in this game and it will always be entertaining. It's incredible. A serious achievement in games writing."
,Recommended,240760,12168385,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Korriban,"Brave little toaster,relentlessly pursue allas Desert Ranger."
,Recommended,240760,15102912,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,the Manual,"Really enjoyed this game.+ Old-school like post-apocalyptic world-saving :-) (a bit like Fallout)+ large world+ quests with multiple choises/endings+ ~50h for a relatively fast playthrough+ large amounts of lore-text, descriptive texts- large amounts of text :-) If you don't like reading walls of text then this game isn't for you. Very little voice-acting- minor bugs (e.g. lower-tier radiation suit doesn't get thrown away if you get the higher tier; can't sell)- sometimes not enough info for quests given (I would like to see a game which does the questlog like morrowind. A transcript of the conversation.) -> needed to consult wiki for some quests- not the best graphics- could use more diverse audioIf you are into oldschool post-apocalypse RPGs, like to spend a little time to get immersed and don't mind reading text then this is the right game for you.If you want the best graphics and are a fan of 'show, don't tell' -> better get one of the newer Fallouts"
,Recommended,240760,15094485,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Joshjet,"This game is awesome, isometric turn based RPGs have been ignored for too long, I'm glad to see they're being developed again, even if they have to be crowdfunded."
,Recommended,240760,15098116,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Clam Down,Great game. Compared to fallout i would say the world itself is a little bit lacking as there are fewer locations. I enjoyed the locations and NPC dialoge the combat is fun for the first half of the game but does need some changing up.Cant wait for the graphical upgrade when they move to Unity 5.
,Recommended,240760,23537022,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,evesea,"An amazing CRPG. A fun 'play the way you want' style of game with a lot of content (so far) and I believe will have great replayability.Downsides would be the graphics & lack of voice acting on various parts. But again, its a CRPG guys."
76561198054360481,Recommended,240760,35407331,Posted: 2 October,all,wojt4ss,Deep rpg with a lot of different choices and a lot of different scenarios. Just finished the DC version with 120h on record (for some reason it is showing 37.8h and this is the time that I spent on the Wasteland 2 version).For old classic Fallout fans this game is a must have. I have experienced some small glitches and achievements do not work for me when I play on my MAC nothing major though. To me this is a solid 9.5/10 game with great story line and astonishing atmosphere. Just cannot wait for the Wasteland 3 premiere...P.S. Try to let your blunt weapon specialist read the Combat Shooting book and see mayhem happening as he gets 77% crit chance... literally one/two shooting everything that moves...
76561197963030734,Recommended,240760,12704009,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Hewhoisseth,"First what I liked:Pros:-A lot like fallout 2, which was really great I haven't played a game from start to finish like this since I can't even remember. Probably fallout.-Combat was really fun, weapons were enjoyable, deaths reminded me of fallout in a good way.-I enjoyed the vast world, and exploring.Really a great game, butCons (in my opinion)Spoiler alert.-First I have to mention the crashing, there was so much of that. I've never played a game with quite so much crashing and errors.-Where are all the secrets? I found a lot of hidden boxes and stuff like that, but truely awesome secret stuff I found myself constantly looking for and not finding.-No vaults? That was my favorite part of fallout, and yet no vaults to be found.-No mystery. You pretty much always know your objective, what is going on, with no twists to be had for the most part.Again I found myself wishing I would stumble across something epic, something amazing that changed the way I thought about the game. But no, just more of the same, kill move on, kill move on. I would definitely like to see mystery like the classic fallout games. You never knew what you were going to find at the depths of a random cave in the middle of no where.-No special encounters. Sure you would encounter a passing trader, no fun, or a shrine that gives you a quote and a skill point, but I long for something more, don't you guys remember how amazing it was to see that lightning bolt in fallout 2 and discover something completely random, and truely amazing? I kept waiting for those to appear because they are so interesting and again, are full of mystery.-Really cool followers. You guys remember the deathclaw/super mutant followers, as well as ghouls and various other creatures.  I didn't see anything remotely that cool, just a bunch of humans and of course there is the animal caller perk, but that wasn't really that cool either, the extent of the creatures you could control was so limited.-More weapons, and make them more difficult to come by, I remember in fallout 2 you were SO stoked to get your first weapon, finally a shotgun, or pistol with just a few rounds of ammo. It was incredibly more difficult then wasteland in that way. And that made it so satifying to finally start picking up some of those high end energy weapons near the end of the game. Gatlin laser mini gun, damn that thing was sweet.-No end game content, once you beat the game that's it. I would have loved if you had followed the fallout style and let you keep playing, maybe even adding in new locations and changing the areas based on what you found during the story line.So in conclusion, I hate to compare you guys to fallout so much, because the game was really nice, and fun. But you yourselves set the bar by comparing yourselves to fallout. I was expecting so much more from this honestly, and I finish the game a little dissapointed. I would still recommend the game, but I hope you guys read this, and step up the bar with wasteland 3, which I will buy, but again I really hope you raise the mystery factor, remember a really good story line leaves you with a few questions unanswered even by the end, always guessing and wondering what could happen next. It's that mystery that is the driving force, and without it, it feels like just point and shoot, continue. Most of the time I found myself skipping a lot of text because it was just so plain, and didn't really have to do with anything interesting, or ""out of the box"" type of thinking. Also the voice acting was not my favorite, I found myself turning down the volumn often, because it came off kind of cheesy honestly, and I understand it's a indie game but with the money you guys had, I want to see some serious skilled voice actors nail their rolls and really make you feel emotion.Sorry for all the negative feedback I hope you take it from a constructive perspective, I'm not trying to bash you guys I just want to see this game further embody the fallout genre."
,Recommended,240760,12563736,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Patriot Derpy: Muffin Eater,"What can be said about this game. I never played the first game, and never really got into it when i tried. But that does not mean i do not know of it. I watched full walkthroughs to understand the first game years before Wasteland 2 was a recent concept. Because i am a fan of the Post-Apocolyptic genre, i knew Wasteland 2 would apeal to me as Fallout's 1, 2, 3, and New Vegas has done for me in the past. This game, from what i know of as one of the bigger kickstarter projects of its time, is well worth it.This game is not only a ""True"" sequal to the first game, but it also is NOT half-asses like some other abondoned Early Release titles that never were finished. Not only was thsi game finished, but the story is compelling, the charactors are likable, the voice acting is incredible, and the overall gameplay is rock solid with very minute bugs every now and again (enemy i was fighting once fell through the ground and got stuck in part of the map, kept shooting me but i couldnt shoot him, but i eventually used a grenade and got him).The map design is great, it does get repetative having to backtrack, but at least you have a feeling of accomplishment when you get further into the story. The weapons are great, as well as the skills and leveling aspect (I can have a trained SMG guy be able to mow down enemies with a trained sniper or 2 backing him up).To conclude, this game is great and worth the money for both a great game and a great time waster, because once you start playing, you wont want to put it down any time soon."
76561198085075730,Recommended,240760,13729715,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Demetrious Johnson,"My life was so empty till i found this game, I was so attached, I cried at the end but not because of my ending(which made me want to cry)but because the game was over.This game was at least the best game i have ever played for sure, I mean i thought that fallout would be the only thing i would auctully have fun playing. about ten hours into this game my friend told me that the game before this was auctully what inspired fallout. And of course, he was right. I would recomend this game to people who play Xcom, Choice based rpgs, fans of the original game or fallout, or anyone who just wants to have fun."
76561198057236585,Recommended,240760,13780378,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mixalko,"A true Fallout :) (combination of Fallout Tactics, Fallout 1 & 2, Wasteland). Modern turn based game. For all Fallout and Wasteland fans a must!Pros: Combat, Fallout Universe (Fargo), Strong RPG aspects.Cons: No perks, buggy (hope more patches will come).9/10"
,Recommended,240760,18559375,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Covert_Op,"Was my love for fallout 1 and 2 just Nostaligic or was it real of the genre. Well wasteland 2: DC anwsers that question well a defining yes; the lvoe is real. This game fills that gap of post apocaliypic party tatics(isometric) game that we that we never even knew we were craving.With the games well balanced combat, not too serious story, and called shot system(finally). It has all the makings for a great gmae.I would recomend this to anyone who is a fallout fan. It will help scratch that itch."
,Recommended,240760,12269563,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,xSpeedShot,This game is sick. Enough said.
76561198017476468,Recommended,240760,12292456,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Thompson.C,"This game is amazing. It is what inspired the Fallout Series. Its like XCOM and Fallout had a baby and made this. Open world with tons of weapon customisations. I cant even talk about it cause i would literally take forever to explain what i like about this game... Which is EVERYTHING! Best game i have played in a long time. More developers need to take a page out of this game, get back to the roots of core RPG and story telling. All games dont need to be gloss and glamor."
,Recommended,240760,12269623,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Swaglord4000,"Jesus, i want to write so many things about this game, but honestly, i cant , cause i want to play it some more, and enjoy the quips of SCOTCHMO, the hobo king and the ♥♥♥♥ing BEST rpg character ever implemented in a game. Seriously, buy this game, it is really, really worth the money, and trust me, you will be laughing while you play it, something few games have ever done for me. 10/10"
76561197967681331,Recommended,240760,12310511,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Kaneeda,"Awsome Game,feels like old Baldur´s Gate in a postapocalyptic World"
76561198081472765,Recommended,240760,12326400,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Nemx,Just what i needed
76561198031741388,Recommended,240760,12295445,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Matthew McGravy,gave me a raging fallout 2 boner
76561198066061780,Recommended,240760,12365176,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,NeoGeoKell,"Such a great game. Refreshing to play something unique, different and has a good amount of old school feel."
,Recommended,240760,12262783,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,lagsalot,I was liking it until they shot my goat. Now I'm loving it.
,Recommended,240760,18110353,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,UmbraLune,Kinda fun strategic & turn based game.If you actually put in your time in understanding the game :)
76561197996762380,Not Recommended,240760,13116278,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,birds,"I can't in good conscience recommend this game. Having played it from start to finish, I found the plot lazy, the game mechanics needlessly complicated/annoying, the characters one-dimensional, and the player's agency seemingly absent. Going against enemies with energy weapons? Better strip down to your undies! Find something that's locked? Better hope you have the correct out of SEVEN potential skills needed to open it (Safecracking, Lockpicking, Computer Science, Alarm Disarming, Brute Force, Demolitions, Toaster Repair (?)) at rank 10. Slaughtered every member of a militant cult? Nope, according to the game's post-script, they went on to slaughter everyone in the area because you didn't stop them! Buy Fallout 2 instead."
76561197992032283,Recommended,240760,11694334,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,houk999,This is going to be incredible. I absolutely love it so far.
76561198089359820,Recommended,240760,14539852,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,jkacala127,"I bought wastland 2 while it was in beta. I loved the game from the start, and actually wanted to support Brian Fargo.It was a great experince playing the beta to the finished verison. Of course any major patch would break your saves, but it's that type of game where you want to restart a few times anyway, more so to play with your Characters stats.I will say a lot of people have wrote about the game not being very tatical. There is some truth to that, there aren't too many cases where you can strage your characters for a fight, most encounters are just a straight up♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥contest. A couple of hours just exploring the wasteland and looting will turn you into one tough ranger.In the start of the game it seemed like there would be a lot of choices that would directly effect the game. Basically there is only one major choice to be made in the game and really only effects which character your going to pick up as a side kick.Some of the weapons don't hold much value, such as rocket launchers. Generally before you can use one the baddies are  on top of you already, or it's just not worth using. But it's interesting that you do have to have  players who are better with riffles than lazer weapons, which is part of the tatical portion of the game. Basically each Character should be very well rounded with two different weapons, more so till about 30 hours into the game. You can't have everyone using the same ammo.Half the game takes place in AZ and the other half in CA. CA is interesting because things just get very strange. In any post nuclear war game youe expect raiders and mutant frogs, but crazy nuns? I wish the AZ portion of the game had more of the odd ball encounters you ran in during CA. The Characters in CA are more interesting as well as the plot.What I don't understand is the water movement system. In the first half the game you need to refill your canteens which isn't a big deal. In the second half, the concept just stops. It's minor, I'm not sure why I'm even bringing it up but it seemed like a major portion of the game but slowly got scaled back.I had a lot of fun with this game, like fallout you play for the story and the ride, not so much the end result. It does have a lot of replayability, but as I said I played it from beta which meant I had several restarts. It does let you import your characters that you have progressed through out the game when you finish.A lot of the skills overlap, and there is more than one way to open a door generally.I paid 60 dollars for the game and got a little over 230 hours of pure enjoyment of the game, it was worth every penny. I just hope they make a wasteland 3 or a DLC to the game.One thing they should add is being able to make your own rangers at your base even after you started. I think that would be a fun concept."
,Recommended,240760,12505906,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Thyran,"Take a chunk of Jagged Alliance, a slice or two of Fallout and garnish with Black Isle Studios magic; you'll get Wasteland 2. This is the game I've been waiting for since Fallout 2 and Baldur's Gate 2. In shame I need to admit, that I never played the original Wasteland, but it comes with the purchase, so I just might have a go at it too. The game is freaking huge and there's so much to do and see. The dialogue is top notch and the game mechanics are pretty much the same we've seen in XCOM: Enemy Unknown, though they brought the action point -system back, which I approve of.Wasteland 2 gives me the childlike wonderlust I rarely get from games anymore. If you can't keep out of the post-apocalyptic wastes and love RPG's with turn-based team combat like I do, I can't recommend this game enough!"
76561197971886249,Recommended,240760,14636722,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Oltex,"Overall, a great turned based RPG. Wish the cover mechanic were more flushed out like XCOM."
,Recommended,240760,14518355,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Momoni,"Four people with balanced specialties tearing up the wasteland like badasses out of Firefly?Hell no.Make yourself, make three of your closest friends, and test your own survivability in the wasteland. Success means glory, failure means death!Do you have what it takes?"
76561198051016157,Recommended,240760,14663077,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,eddielugnutz,"I've been playing Fallout 2 since I first bought it new in 98' and never got the chance to ever play Wasteland, although I was aware of it and its profound influence. I picked up this game as soon as I could afford it and have fallen in love with isometric turn based combat all over again.I first played this on my off the shelf HP desktop with just a factory AMD A8-6500 using integrated Radeon 8570D graphics. This game played well with decent performance in all situations without measuring FPS on low settings. I since have added a GTX 750 Ti and can play the game maxed out and it is running over 60fps in all situations. So with my A8 barely on par with an Intel i3, anyone can pretty much enjoy this game on low end systems.Graphics: 10/10, it is beautiful and is what you would expect from a Fallout type universe.Combat: 10/10, some nice features that remind me of FO Tactics, familiar and easy to grasp.Gameplay: 10/10, much like Fallout games there is lots to see and do, side missions and quests, hidden things, locked or blocked things you can't get to until you level up or gain a perk. Good replayability.A major tip for new players: Make sure when building your squad you incorporate certain skills. This is not like Fallout games where you could master all skills throughout the game such as demolitions, lockpick, traps etc. This game forces you to equip characters with these skills or they simply will not be able to be utilized at all until you have a character possesing that particular skill. So if you start your squad and nobody has lockpicking skill, you will not be able to lockpick any doors at all until you acquire someone that does have the skill.If you like Fallout or the genre, you will not be dissapointed! Price has consistently dropped over last few months, I paid full price and would again."
76561197972155384,Recommended,240760,14874075,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Caden Elbowslash,"I recommend this game to anyone that likes a mix of Strategy with RPG elements. If you like Shadowrun I would highly recommend this to you. Especially if you like the Fallout series because the RPG element in this game is pretty much similar. Think Fallout meets Shadowrun.Anyway, before you do start the game, if you're familiar with Fallout, like in Fallout, do some research about stat gains and what it gives, and how those stat gain affects your gameplay so that you know what you can cap early on. Same goes for your skills. Except that when concerning skills, you would wanna check up on what skills are commonly needed in the wasteland to survive. Otherwise, you're going to dislike the game even before you're halfway through with it.My only issue is the formula derived for chances because it seems pretty wonky. For example, most of the times something which is  91% and above and your 1% of critical failure, you would expect it to pass without a critical failure. At most you'd expect just a failure, if not at all. But from what I noticed, it seems this game's chance formula is failure baised. Because even if a high passing rate with 80-90%, critical failure when opening doors and unlocking stuff are pretty damn common for a 1% critical failure.However, if you can live with that issue, then by all means GET THE GAME ALREADY!"
,Recommended,240760,13842128,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Juni,"Went to the graves of a small boy and his dog, dug up their remains,town got angry, gunned down entire town, told HQ I used my judgement.Finished digging, only to find a bone.10 / 10 Would defile again."
76561198093201625,Recommended,240760,18821608,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,-villejh-,"To start, if anyone is having crashing problems on WIN 10, type -force-d3d9 into launch options on Steam. Haven't had a single crash after that.About the game, Wasteland 2 is not for everyone. Not by a long shot. It requires patience, thinking and in some cases, nerves of steel. The top-down view and turn-based combat may turn some people off. It's a hardcore RPG where your choices, starting from the very beginning at character creation, have lasting consequences throughout the game. If you're looking for an experience similar to the more recent Fallout games, you won't find it here.The character creation is intimidating at first, especially for newcomers to these types of games. There are tons of skills and you have no way to know in advance which are useful and which are more situational. I suggest consulting a character creation guide, but if you want to do everything on your own, one tip: make a team of specialists. After character creation, it's good to keep in mind these three things: Talk to EVERYONE, LOOT everything that isn't bolted down (or if it is, Brute Force can help with that ;)) and do EVERYTHING you can before moving to the next area. If you miss something, it might mean missing out on quests, companions or loot.The combat is tactical and turn-based. Director's Cut added precision strikes, which are not too useful at the beginning but can be lifesavers late in the game. It also brough some flavor to the combat system, which can be somewhat tedious at times. I found most of the quirks to be quite useless; their downsides were either too bad or they were too situational.Same goes for perks, they were a nice addition, but when selecting perks I had difficulty finding ones that were actually useful. Overall, precision strikes, quirks and perks feel somewhat like an aftertought; they're there and they're nice to have every once in a while, but they aren't really crucial to completing the game.The weapon rebalancing of DC was a welcome addition. Assault rifles and Snipers are still king, but Shotguns, for example, now actually have some use. SMG's and Handguns still suck, though.Overall, I definitely recommend this game to everyone. While it can be somewhat tedious and difficult at times, it's still a whole lot of fun. The world is huge and there's plenty to do, like blowing off the heads of raiders or solving feuds peacefully. BUT DON'T PRESS THE BUTTON AT RANGER CITADEL!"
76561197970507918,Recommended,240760,14116654,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,[FF]rhardcore,"Everything that Fallout 3 should have been. I am looking forward to more games from this wheelhouse. The choices you make and how quickly you act on these choices all have real consequences in the game. Pick your path, don't doddle, have fun in the Arizona sun!"
76561197978045469,Recommended,240760,10058985,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Ruinerung,Fallout Tactics lives again. Love this
76561198001295011,Recommended,240760,9865484,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Super Steve,Cant wait! What Fallout 3 would have been in an alternate universe where Bethsda didn't get a hold of it.
76561198044082715,Recommended,240760,15345998,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Fable,"At 130.5 hours, I still haven't beaten this ♥♥♥♥ing game. This is the first time since New Vegas I actually pursued the side content actively and I love it! The Ranger customization really gives you a sense of connection to your team and there are some really interesting NPC characters you can interact with, some can even join you in your mission.The game itself is quite fun, holding simple, yet fun, turn-based combat combined with a well paced leveling system, a wide array of different skills your characters can spec into, and writing that you can tell had a lot of love put into it. I can tell the devs of Wasteland had a lot of fun and enjoyment with this game, returning to the roots of classic video games with their encouragment of exploration and higher difficulty.Overall, I'd say this game is worth your time. Though with any game it may take some getting used to. This is very different from the typical video game that comes out these days, retaining it's old concepts of exploration, branching paths, missions that can be failed without a game over (most of the time) and even have worse consequences than a game over, and requires you to manage who is talking with whom when you have a charisma guy in your party. It's still fun, and if it's on sale you should go for it.Also you can repair toasters to get random♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them. You can also pick up♥♥♥♥♥♥and sell it for lots of cash. 10/10"
76561198025718309,Recommended,240760,33940160,Posted: 31 July,all,Master Condom,"Great game, just like the old fallouts. The world is grim and provides an interesting take of the wasteland. The game aslo have many choices and always another way to change the story. Its not for everyone. The game can be annoying and a challenge to some. At times it can even feel harsh and unfair as it should be. It might be boring to some because of the combat system. (Like X-com) The setting is interesting and so are the enemies/groups you meet within your adventure. There are very heavy RPG elements which once again some may like or hate. No squad member is somekind of god. To win your team will need experts on all certain skills. Lets say someone who is strong but not very bright, you would use him to break open walls and items through the use of brute force. You could make him a pack mule to a heavy weapons expert. There are many skills as well to locksmith, computers, snipers, medical, toaster repairs.... I would give the game a try but two hours wouldn't be enough to get the full world of the game."
,Recommended,240760,19106474,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,The Harbinger of Winter,"Was a decent game before overhaul. Great game after.EDIT: Ratings system updated.Graphics: 6.5/10 (not the focus of the game, but, if we're being honest, it's not pretty, however grandiose at times)Gameplay: 9/10Story: 8.5/10 (well crafted, easy to understand; hard to follow through and complete)Score: 9/10 (EDIT: Repetivity of score is no longer a problem, maybe I was just slow and bad.)Mechanics: 8.5/10 (nostalgiac throwback to the days of Geneforge and Avion with the combat and emphasis on choice of Fallout)Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,240760,12178851,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,death1996,this game start you out in south west usa with 4 person crewit war on a shoestring budget with 20 century firearms that fight robots at the end gamei have new a6 computer and still get lag that biggest problemworth the price but need resting and eating and radiation poision like other games have
76561198076510229,Recommended,240760,23888544,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,presidentbillclinton,"I remember being about 12-13 years old and finding Fallout 1 & 2 in a combo set and I absolutely feel in love with it. I played for hours and hours upon end as a teenager, constantly returning to the campaigns year after year. I have yearned for a game that captures that same spirit, and Wasteland 2 does that. This is the sequel I was waiting for! A must buy for fans of Fallout 1 & 2."
76561197984981271,Recommended,240760,12227612,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Riden,Worth it.
,Recommended,240760,12228218,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Desram,Definitely gives me the Fallout 2 feeling. Happy so far!
,Recommended,240760,15163906,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Tak149,"If you miss Fallout 2 and are looking to play something similar this is the game for you. Post-apocalyptic RPG covering the southwest USA with turn-based combat. Great story, UI, and gameplay. Any RPG fan should definitely give this game a try."
76561198115226378,Recommended,240760,15151352,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,HappyEvilSlosh,Really really good. Definitely play it if you remember games like Planescape: Torment and Baldur's Gate favourably.
76561198028082862,Recommended,240760,12229286,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Maurício Bandeira,"Pros:Good turn based combatNice storytellingMeaningful choices with lasting effectsMany skills that allows you to create a really unique character besides the few appearance options.Cons:Character models are too simple and you  have few portraits to choose from at character creation (although you can add custom portraits)The interface is quite intrusive, it's too big even at the minimum scale allowed, specially the combat log."
,Recommended,240760,16523129,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Whinelikebears,"A blast to the past! A great game, often thought as to be very similar to the old Fallouts. Group management and turn based combat are what is key in this game. Quests are everywhere, and as a ranger, it is your duty to fulfill what you think is best for the people. The combat is quite nice, and the quests are interesting. I never got to finish the game, but I would still recommend it. Alas, it's has almost no replayability, due to the quests being quite limited and story line only going down one path. Still, it's fun. Would recommend for people who want to play an old Fallout style game."
,Recommended,240760,15485166,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Lymanity,"I liked it from the beginning... it should however be noted that this game is a slow burner.Fallout 2 was one of my favs as a child, so I'll use it as a comparison despite the fact that WL2 isn't a Fallout game.I like the Wastland 2 soundtrack, though it maybe a bit avant-garde. It makes more use of ambiance, instruments that embody complex harmonics and lean arrangement, then it'll juxtapose those tunes with some driving electronic music for combat sections. FO2 had the same thing going for it music wise and even the newer Fallout games employ some very non-traditional music when the radio isn't on. I don't think there were any original pieces in the FO series that you would hear the mailman whistling.Also, if you haven't seen it, watch the movie The Stand. I think a lot of the original music from that movie, particularly the slide guitar portions, directly influence a few tracks for the Wasteland and Fallout games.Combat, if we're comparing this to older Fallout titles, is an improvement overall. It's not as much as an improvement to as say Pillars of Eternity made upon the formula of games like Baldur's Gate, but Wasteland 2 is still less clunky and requires less fuss than the FO 1 or 2. Combat can get extremely intense though. You will be confronted with situations that require tactical engagement and that might get you through threadbare.The real draw of the game for me is the story. There is a sense of intrigue from the beginning and you're there to hunt down answers. Along the way you meet some characters and the interactions feel meaningful. Also, a lot of areas of the game are chockful of macabre grim darkness and despair, which appeal to me greatly.I say give it chance. Some of the things about the game are hella sketch especially those godawful 3D character models and the optimization is poor for what the game is, but it's got a great aesthetic and the story should keep you wandering the wastes to solve the mystery."
76561198049643849,Recommended,240760,14490520,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,maguscrono777,"I am only 10 hours in and I am already beyond addicted! The kickstarter guys did NOT phone this game in (unlike another kickstarter game I won't mention *cough* *Shadowrun Returns* *cough*).This is the kind of game that will make you long for a return to actual RPGs and will remind you of why you fell in love with the genre in the first place.The character generation is so in depth! You have your basic stat setup (Str, Spd, etc) but all 7 of the core attributes work beautifully together. But where the game really shines is with the plethora of skills that you can choose from. You get four ""core"" characters and can recruit up to three more in game. I really like the 7 member squad, I don't like it when games limit you to only 4 or 5 members.I also am really impressed with how well the designers worked in making all of the skills actually useful and not just the combat skills. There are plenty of traps, locks, safes, alarms, and more that will make it essential to have a well rounded team with all of the proper skills to effectively get the most out of every environment you visit. Additionally where many games fail when it comes to ""dialouge"" skills--there are three in this game--and each one offers some very nice perks.The setting is nice, but does not offer much of anything new to the whole post-apocalyptic setting found in many games today (I do concede that the original game--to my understanding--spearheaded this type of game though). But it is still a fairly well written story. Also, I admit I don't know how often this will happen in the game, I have already came across a choice that has acutal in game everlasting consequences. So that's always fun.This game can be hard and unforgiving, but in a good challenging way. So if you are a veteran of this genre of game you will not be disappointed. If you are a rookie but are tired of the cookie cutter action ""RPGs"" and would like to try something different, then at 30 bucks this might be the game for you. I will warn the rooks out there that there may be somewhat of a learning curve, but once you get past that you will finally see what all of the fuss from us older gamers is about."
,Recommended,240760,14112783,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Professor Chimp,"This game is unique.  In the parlance of our times, its 'genre' doesn't really exist anymore.  Once, there was a time in gaming when titles did not have to contain certain genre tropes in order to be easily classified and immediately accessible.  So you would do well to consider what this game is, and what it is not, and adjust your expectations accordingly.This game is fan service of the highest order.  The original Wasteland game lives and breathes inside of this one.  This is the master class on how to update a title with current technology without sacrificing the spirit of the original.  If you loved the original Wasteland, you may buy this title immediately without reservation.  It will blow your mind.  This game is for you.  They made it for you.  Praise them, and thank them for closing the loop. We have come full circle from our gaming origins, and we may now rejoice in exploding our foes like blood sausages.However, it is important to note:THIS IS NOT A TACTICAL SQUAD BASED RPG.  This is an update of a title from an era of gaming where, due to technical limitations, it was difficult to even render your party members as seperate icons.  So obviously if you are looking for compelling, deep and complex tactical turn based combat (as I often do) then there are dozens of other titles that do it better.  Its just not a priority for this game, this game is about narrative, it is from a time when narrative was king.  Comparisons to X-Com and whatnot are missing the point.Anywho.  The writing is brilliant, the world is vibrant, the nostalgia is soul shattering, the humor is mature and hilarious.  It didn't make me feel bad about myself the way Fallout did.  If narrative is your jam, you're gonna love it, the wonky camera won't hamper your enjoyment.  If you're under 30, be warned you will have to click your mouse more than you're used to.Franchise reboots are for suckers."
,Recommended,240760,18337277,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,ravager0926,"Combat is a lovely turn based combat system. If i could compare it to anything it would be Xcom enemy unknown 2012, only more forgiving. Character use is heavy in this game and your choices early game can affect you quite a bit late game if you dont know what you're doing. It has nice easter eggs and throwbacks to wasteland 1 and a few hints to fallout, be it wasteland 1 was a basis for fallout 1 as they were made by the same company at the time. Mind you this is game is in a different universe but hovers just ouside the barrier of the 2."
76561198028821026,Recommended,240760,18316810,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,pcdoctorjim,"This game is one of the very best ""Fallout"" type games I have ever played so far. I loved playing all the ""Fallout"" games that had a top down view. The graphics on this game is very good. I just wish there were more games like this one. Anyone that loved or even liked the ""Fallout"" series should buy this game."
76561198045621511,Recommended,240760,13918212,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sauer,"Overall I would recommend this game.BUT.it severely lacks in my opinion good story and atmosphere. I never felt captivated by the story like I did coming write off of Shadowrun. The text also was so small and hard to read even with it set to ""large"" I felt like it was more of a nuisance reading the bland material than it was worth especially when its on this typewriter styled display that does nothing to add to the game.The gameplay itself was alright. Not the best turn based game I've ever played but I had a lot of fun with it even if it lacked actual options other than headshot and ambush which you cant even really use unless you stack your attributes for AP.The guns were awesome! Even knowing a lot about guns in ""reality"" I had fun with them even if they had a lot of mistakes such as the SPAZ shotgun is actually an AA12 in your character's hands.I really enjoy Fallout and this helped my Fallout4 anxiety a lot.Random encounter maps are all boring and pretty much the same I think there was honestly like four different maps.7/10 needs work but i enjoyed it and just wanted to leave some constructive criticism. Would support the devs again!"
76561197998236667,Recommended,240760,12066797,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,JeanlouisXIV,"Anyone who is a fan for the first two Fallout games or Baldur's gate will love this game. Great writing, atmosphere and setting. 10/10"
76561198039307056,Recommended,240760,23526570,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,RedBeard,If you like fallout 1 and 2 this game is for you
,Recommended,240760,23512737,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The Rainbow With A Beard,"I will be getting this game primarily to encourage the free previewing of games like this and thus further increasing their accessibility. Every once in a while you get tired of being treated to fancy schmancy cinematic spectacles and just want to relax with a nice trip through a fantasy world where you have freedom over how your adventure unfolds. You enter an abandoned building and find out that the interior power generators aren't working? No problem, you have a guy for that. You stumble across some nasty wasteland creatures? No problem, you can create a tough guy to fend them off and better increase your party's chance of survival.The trick with these types of computer games is, even if they seem shocking at first glance with all the menus and text; do not overthink things while you're playing. Get lost in the world, don't be afraid to be a little creative, and have fun!"
,Recommended,240760,18878887,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,iliekP3aches,"I highly recommended this game to those that love tactical turn based RPGs in the same vein as the first two Fallout games (considering that those games are based on Wasteland 1). Wasteland 2 is a more contemporary universe, a less foreign world ravaged by nuclear war rather than the more comedic, 50's stylized alternate reality of Fallout. In my opinion it is also far more serious in its tone by forcing hard choices and painting a sad state of affairs for humanity. The humor present is often dark and subtle.This game easily beats out any triple A RPG title I've played in the past decade."
76561198080217420,Recommended,240760,14707414,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Sir Prize Bart Sachs,"Assault Rifles outperform every other gun type. Don't nerf, buff the other guns.You can't press and hold the cursor to move, so keep spamming clicks. Movement across a map iscriminally slow. No fast travel. Expect it to be Gentle Desert Stroll: The Game for most of your playtime.Loading screen tips advise you to positions your rangers strategically before a fight. You can't, because the moment any of your rangers crosses an invisible threshold of an enemy's awareness radius you immediately go into combat.Enjoyed the game nonetheless"
76561198036235772,Not Recommended,240760,14022562,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Inzababa,"Really dissapointed about this game, there's a few core good ideas but they aren't developped well enough, the story and game feels like it's been rushed with many bugs and incoherences.I was really hoping for more than that :/"
76561198010120298,Recommended,240760,14091080,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Narusko,"Great game. Goes back to the roots of all rpg with great dialogue, and even adds in voiced dialogue. I love the rpg elements (think Fallout). Lots of weapons and areas to explore.As far as the dialogue goes ill leave you with this gem i saw. (Paraphrased, don't remember exact dialogue)Charcter finds body in area where plants are growing uncontrollably, right click to investigate, information as follows:""Poor person has been dead for quite some time, there are many mushrooms and other plants growing out of his body. It is a wonder that no one has rolled up his body and tried to smoke it.""10/10 will play more lol."
,Not Recommended,240760,14097179,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,SalsaDoom,"Unacceptably buggy Linux port. Huge waste of money, shame on you devs. Basically, except endless graphics bugs (black screens, etc) if the game runs at all. Running with an nVidia btw."
76561198085947276,Recommended,240760,18480000,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,xaviergrim,Want to feel like every decision is terrible and you're a terrible person for making them? Than Wasteland 2 is for you! Save those sex-slaves? Hope you don't mind them running off with nothing but the clothes on their back to fight their slavers. Want to save those trapped miners? Enjoy getting your face eaten by badgers.Fantastic game.Would make terrible decisions again.
,Recommended,240760,13725907,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Armblessed,"For those of us still haunted by that fateful choice in Highpool on your Commodore 64, here is your chance to make amends and end that 30 year reoccuring nightmare...Not gonna take away from Fallout. Great series in it's own right. I missed suma♥♥♥♥♥laude by .02 thanks to Fallout 3 being released 2 weeks before finals exams of the last semester of my senior year at university. Yeah, that's how much I love this series.  However, the original Wasteland had a style of humor and storytelling that was unique for its time. In the early days of computer gaming, it was the first RPG to get the player emotionally involved. Every game afterwards tried to replicate this. Though they were great, they couldn't replicate it to the degree of the original.This game is the true successor to the original. It doesn't fail to deliver great storytelling and that twisted sense of humor. Not going to lie, the game has its share of issues with gameplay. (e.g. quests outcome bugs) but the devs are addressing them in a timely manner.  For those who don't require mindblowing graphics to experience a good story, this is a gem of a game. It won't dissappoint."
,Recommended,240760,14553682,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Battlehammer,"Did you ever wonder where those turtles obstinately walking to? where those shellnuts going  slowly but steady in nature? Well, this is the game you can follow a turtle 27 minutes literally and find the mysterious answer."
76561197968638487,Recommended,240760,11697323,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Full Metal Jacket,very simple. if you enjoyed fallout tactics you will enjoy Wasteland 2
,Recommended,240760,12474109,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,MyMy,"One of the best TBS I played in a few years, would buy DLCs right away.9/10 -1 for lack of polish in some elements, storyline is not the strongest part either."
,Recommended,240760,23505091,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Stupendous Man,"Please understand that this review has been written during the Free Weekend, hence I've not been able to sink a lot of time into it.I've long had Wasteland 2 on my wishlist, just never got around to buy it. Finally I have a chance to try it, and I really like it. Howver, it's a game that I need to play for many many hours to really have a good idea about it, but in the few hours I've tried it, it seems like a quality RPG with a good combat system (even if I personally am not too fond of turn-based combat), nice graphics and an interesting world.I think I'll finally give in and buy it. The Free Weekend has removed any doubt I had whether it is a good game or not (I think it is!)."
76561198007300752,Recommended,240760,15033640,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Blackadar,"Not great, but easily good enough.Wasteland 2 is a throwback to older RPGs with the text-heavy story and the turn based combat. Look, it's easy to pick holes in the game - it was launched with quite a few broken quests, the weapon balance isn't good, the combat options could be more plentiful - stuff like that. Perhaps the main storyline isn't that compelling for some folks though it was fine for me.In short there are a lot of things it could have done better. It's certainly not perfect. But I enjoyed it enough.There's 50 hours of gameplay here and most of it is old-school RPG fun. Questing, combat and exploration are all central parts of this game and they're all done well enough that the overall experience is great. I quite liked the world and the atmosphere and that kept me going during some of the duller times.In addition, the devs have done a great job of updating and patching the game. I went to play it again with the newer version and made it about halfway through before quitting. So in my book it's not a great game but it was enjoyable enough to feel like I got my money's worth. So if you're looking for some old-school RPG fun, buy this title. It may not be the GOTY, but odds are you won't be disappointed."
76561197970536211,Recommended,240760,10012087,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Rishnu,"First off, I love this game.  I recomend it highly, it was worth my 60 dollars to play it in the early release it is definitely worth the 40 dollars it is now.   It has come a long way since the Early Access review that I did, so I am updating it now.This game plays very much like Final Fantasy Tactics or Fallout Tactics (minus the real time option).  In it you will create 4 of your own Desert Rangers and then head out into the wastes and explore, and either clean up the wasteland or kill everyone and thing in your path.  Along the way you can recruit many extra characters to your cause, each with their own personality and traits, up to 3 may travel with you at any given time.The difficulty of the game varies sharply depending on how you choose to play it.  Early on most enemies you fight will be much weaker than you are, however you are not forced to play the game in any linear fashion and as such you may wander into areas with much stronger enemies than you are prepared to face (not that you can't win but it can be brutal).The ability to go where you want and do what you want flows throughout the entire game.  You can sweet talk people into giving you what you want, threaten them (with the proper skills) or if that fails shoot your way through.  Wall in your way?  Use a grenade.   Person make you mad?  Shoot him, or don't.  Raiders take over a town?  Negotiate or kill them it's all up to you and how you want to play.  Most choices have concequences further down the line, some amusing and some well down right destructive, even when you think you are making the right choices nothing is ever black and white.You will collect all kinds of weapons and armor, and most weapons can be customized by stripping down others for base parts.  Everything from WW2 rifles to futuristic laser weapons are represented each with an optimal range, armor penetration and rates of fire.  In battle many of your enemies will show up with different kinds of weapons, often enough you can kill them an take it for yourself.  The various enemie types also force you to prioritize targets: Do you kill the big guy with the sword made out of the one way sign (yes, they really are swords made out of sign posts and one way signs) attacking your medic, or do you take out the guy who is still too far out to hit you but is charging with grenades that will hurt everyone?  Oh and friendly fire is a thing, don't try and use a shotgun from behind your own people.Character progression is handled in an RPG like fashion with skill points gained at every level and ability points every 10.  You can be a generalst and do a bit of everything but nothing well or you can specialize each of your characters (highly reccomend you do) into different things.I broke my basic team into:a) Sniper / Lockpicks / submachine gun - gave me nice range and something when stuff got closerb) Sniper / Perception / Kiss A** / Submachinegun - can see traps still shoot far and sweet talkc) Heavy weapons / Safe Cracking / Assault Rifle - HMG to mow down eneies - rifle to consere ammod) Energy weapon / First Aid / Rifle / demolotions - can remove traps and is the field medicThen I picked up and kept in my party ae) A drunkard shotgun specialist whom I also turned into the groups weaponsmith (because drunks make the best weapons right?)f) Lady scientist who can hack any computers and is handy with a pistol (and later rifles)g) Young kid who's life I saved,  he started with brawling and ended with rifles pistols and the ability to talk to strange animals.I built my team knowing that I would go to a specific place and pick up a particular npc.. how you create your team is entirely up to you and playing around with different builds is half the fun.- Pros -- Great turn based combat.- Easy to understand mechanics- Fun!- Lots of humor built into the game- So many different ways to resolve things in the game- Ability to break your own missions through poor choices (and sometimes good ones) requiring some creative solutions to be used to move on.- Solid strategies will win most fights.  Using cover, hitting clusters of enemies with a grenade etc.- Ammo doesn't grow on trees, making conservation of rounds part of the strategy.- All different kinds of weapons with all kinds of pros / cons built into them.- Not all weapons are a straight forward upgrade, sometimes you just have to try them out.- Each person can only carry so much weight, there is no way to be Rambo and run around with 1000's of rounds of ammo and infinite first aid kits.- Cons -- Did I really just wipe out an entire town on accident? Oops.- Random battles can be major easy or completely overwhelming.  Luck plays a part.- Bah stupid AI won't stop throwing grenades at my clustered people.- Drunk bugger keeps going rogue on my party and getting himself shot to pieces.- Some fights, more so early on can be extremely difficult to get through.  The first boss fight was really bad for me as my squad was almost dead and did not expect the guy to attack me since we were talking at first- Ammo can be hard to come by in the early game, forcing you to either use weapons your team isn't skilled for or to spend all of your money on nothing but ammo instead of armor / weapon mods / first aid kits etc."
76561198031461010,Not Recommended,240760,13903865,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jdgentry1976,"This game in uninspiring and tedious even given the fact that I did not complete a fraction of the side quests.  The narrative and graphics are subpar and the game is only recommended for fans, or those with a high tolerance for reading lots of text and navigating poorly programmed inventory screens.  This game reminds me of how far we've come with rpgs and how much we not take for granted in the genre.  Sometimes the good ol' days were not that good.   Really hated the fact you had to manually reload after ever fight and that you had to drag and drop weapons into the inventory of your weaponsmith to mod.  There is alot of tedious inventory management in this game and I have played Fallout 1,2,3,NV."
,Not Recommended,240760,13658212,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DoAndroidsFapToElectricSheep?,"I wanted to love this game so much, but it just isn't very good. The voice acting is awful, balance is bad and it stops being fun pretty fast."
76561198052858208,Recommended,240760,12197720,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,AgsA,"To start I might already mention it as many before, as a person who enjoyed a lot first 2 fallout games I do enyoj this game very much. Why?1. It  has enjoyable and clear CHARACTER CREATION, you choose and make your crafted characters to fit a specific roles. If you like some theory  crafting then you will enyoj crafting your own core 4 characters, if not you can choose the presets. thought it is not as complicated as the ones in fallouts.2. The actual COMBAT is more like the one in Xcom thought not as thight and combat orientated, still enjoyable with potential of some annoyances which comes of how the combat starts(I might have missed something) but as far I know combat starts when you hit enemy or when enemy spots you and attacks you unless you construct a character so it will always see enemy way before hi sees youand can realiably set up fights for your team. Also some unclearances about field of wiev if you use high cover. For some maybe combat would be slightly too boring, which has a higher chance of happening if you are playing on the easy difficulty.3. The ingame GRAPHICS might not be as good as some might want them from 2014, it varies from place to place.4. The interactable Characters, NARRATIVE, NPC dialogs, impact of chouses in quests and dialog choises is there, and creates great feel of emmersion.I havn't finished the game but as far I have goten to I would say that they have nailed everything about this section, even the voice acting that is there is very damn good(and I have to mention that in the old-school spirit most of dialogs are in text mode only) also the humor is pretty good.5. Seems that they have fixed most of quest bugs during beta (havn't experienced any bugs this far).TO SUM UPIf you love the RPG and general story side of these kind of games (like fallout games),if you like tactical turn based combat with randomness aspect, if you like crafting characters (making your own roles) some theory crafting this is THE game for you."
76561198026497039,Recommended,240760,12227708,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Lunar,"My Russian demolitions specialist Comrade Ivan was bitten in half by a giant toad,10/10"
,Recommended,240760,13086817,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Tommyknocker,"Awesome Fallout (1,2) reincarnation."
,Recommended,240760,15140376,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,jim0n,"I'm about a dozen hours into the game and as a fan of the early Fallout games, 'Wasteland 2' totally nails the small-scale tactical feel of Fallout combat (I never played the original Wasteland). Like the Fallout games, there are multiple ways to approach every situation, and your dumb meathead party member can be as useful as your pointdexter electronics nerd, if used right.All the environments are very detailed and each city is unique in terms of design, though the brown / green colour palette gets a bit boring after a while. Totally suits with the theme, so can't really complain too much about that.On top of that, the writing is pretty solid, with a lot of references to previous games and easter eggs as you'd expect. No Richard Dean Anderson though. Boo!Basically, if you loved the Fallout games, you'll really like Wasteland 2. If you hated them, I don't think this game will change your mind. But then, I'm pretty sure this game wasn't made for you anyway, so that's fine :)"
,Recommended,240760,26593950,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,Director's cut version won't let me review.First half was boring but it really got better at the second half. The story may not be stellar but I love the buildup you make from start to finish. Also choices that has an impact as you go play through.i want wasteland 3 now
,Recommended,240760,17530465,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Naughtyusername,"Absolutely Hilarious, amazing, fun, game. The writers for this deserve an award just for the general story writing and for comedy, this game had me engaged and laughing the entire time i was playing it. I strongly recommend you pick this up if you like RPG games, i had never really played a CRPG like this before, not since i was a lot younger and i am glad this got me into a whole new genera of gaming. Looking forward to their new projects!"
76561197969029786,Not Recommended,240760,12634655,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Chris,"I really wanted to like this game, but the quests are too broken and it is too easy to get a party member stuck on the map where they can't leave the map with the rest of the party.  I give it 2 out of 5 stars."
76561198134006400,Recommended,240760,10623464,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Aztara,What is this?I bought this game at 50 dollars for the same extras? Now your lowering the price another 10 dollars for 40 for the same material?Do people who pay more get part of the money they paid back? This seems really wrong.
,Recommended,240760,26448893,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Cockadile Dundee,Despite its bugs and sometimes boring questlines(SOMETIMES). The combat system and humor of the game really takes the cake.
76561198026152786,Recommended,240760,18529151,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Copper_Phoenix,"A MUST play for anyone who enjoyed Fallout 1, 2 or the original Wasteland."
,Recommended,240760,18749842,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Psyconics,Wasteland 2 is exactly the game that I was expecting it to be.  Wasteland 2 is what I was hoping Fallout 3 was going to be.  Wasteland 2 is the best game EVER!But seriously -- It is the best game ever.
,Recommended,240760,10387604,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Liberty514,It's mix of squad strategy and the post apocalyptic atmosphere make this one of my best gaming experiences since Fallout 3.
76561198004893048,Recommended,240760,10611159,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Shottyn2Glocks,"This game is fun... to me. You can customize your team to play roles for different tactics and I like that kind of stuff.  It looks good, the story has kept me up, wanting to see what happens, a number of times. If you like turn based combat, then you should buy this. Not to mention there are a large variety of weapons. Modern and old."
76561198044132992,Recommended,240760,8827110,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,cossidae,"If you are a  fallout and x-com fan , then buy this!  Granted, the beta has it's issues, it is visible that the development team is taking this bad boy into the right direction.I just really hope they add more clothing items to the game.  Would be cool to loot new clothing items or buy them from suppliers.  Also, more potraits would be nice.Overall, this is addictive as hell.  Wish I had more free time."
76561198071272617,Recommended,240760,9835966,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Gravityelk,A great game that isen't always fair in the begining so you do realy have to thing about what you are doing.Everything you do might bite back. ;)
76561198087804185,Recommended,240760,10237981,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Blackwater,Even in this development phase I've been enjoying the game. Its got its hiccups of course and a few places apparently haven't been implemented so the game will freeze up at times. So save often! If people are curious about getting it - I'd say its not a bad buy for not being close to done yet - but it wouldn't hurt waiting till its more complete either.
76561198023407526,Recommended,240760,9986793,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,SinBard,"May 1st 201459 hours on record, not 24.I've been playing Wasteland 2 for a while now and figured I should write a review. I hardly ever write reviews but I feel that this game deserves it. When i first bought it (a week or two after release) the game was buggy to say the least. A bit boring during combat and the story was dry......then the patches started rolling out. The game became beautifully designed. The artwork is amazing, the combat feels solid and easy to use. The story feels like a true rpg. I'm getting to know my characters like I did in Fallout and Skyrim. I was really excited when this game hit Steam and I had high hopes. Still being in Beta and being apart of the process has been amazing. I have enjoyed every patch and have no complaints. I can wait to see what it's like once it's fully released.If you have any doubts about not liking this game wait until full release, but if you want to buy it now and help the dev's create a game more to your liking this is the company to do it with. Thanks for reading!Feel free to message me with questions about the game if you feel like getting the average player's more in depth review.-Dantehood"
,Not Recommended,240760,13756276,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sadistic Fire,"I can't in good conscious recommend Wasteland 2 as a finished product. It's too lackluster and has a few major issues. It plays fine, and I will probably continue playing it even after I write this, but there's two main issues at the time of writing.The first being off is the god for saken prison. Ran by raiders with no redeemable factors that turn people into slaves only be disguising them as workers. They do nothing good, everyone that you come across will say you can be the savior, march right up to the leader, and kill him, simple task, right?Apparently not, once you get there you run into a plotwall. Two turrets at 4K health each(To put that in perspective, 20ish hours in my characters only have 125ish health). Okay, fine, just bring out heavy weapons. Wrong again, they have a stupid high intiative, and a stupid high amount of action points. They fired 5ish times each, doing 300 damage per bullet. Good luck getting your party through that.Even if you *DO* manage to kill the turrets, there's apparently accounts of impossible-to-defuse landmines that 1 hit kill party members.Why is this happening? I'm not sure, but if I had to guess, one of the team members working on wasteland felt so proud of their plot twist they decided to make sure everyone can only expirence the plot twist like that. So you just have to go 'welp, i know these guys beat and enslave you, but hes's got deus ex machina backing him so we can't do anything till the game says so'The other issue is just hour 10ish. It becomes out-of-ammo gun-jam simulator. You won't have enough ammo to get into skrims, or if you do, you'll be cutting it close and it'll just be fustrating. Then when you do have ammo, your gun jams. A lot. I'm not sure how complex a double barrel shotgun is, but i'm pretty sure it's not prone to the amount of jamming it got.Now for the nitpicky stuff. Somethings just outpace your levels, but that's fine, maybe I shouldn't be rushing through the content as fast as I was. Another issue is just not being able to interact with the world. There's a girl who's (perpetually) dying, constantly groaning into your radio, asking for some one named Elroy. You can find her, confront her. But even if you're the best doc of the entire world, you can't help her, only shoot her. It may sound super nit picky, but not even given the illusion of choice sucks. I couldn't try, I could only mercy kill.There is good htngs, the game is close to being a perfect masterpiece.Combat is actually alright, atleast mid game. Things start getting faster, combat is quick but a bit tactical. It could benefit from a few small tweaks. Flanking, some more cover options, and a change to friendly fire calculations(Not as bad as fallout 2. Damn it Sulik, give me that gun.)The characters are alright, followers feel human as they comment on the scenery and situation where applicable, instead of being a silent moving turret. They have their flaws, they have their benefit, but not so much so they become a god send or dead weight.Over all the game feels... unpolished. It feels as if I'm playing in a beta, which I'm not. If it gets changed, or the mod tools get released, I'm sure this game could be something fantastic. But at the moment it's simply okay."
,Recommended,240760,12321917,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,shoggofu,"I’ve only played the Original Wasteland game very briefly a long time ago, however I’ve spent countless hours playing the pre-Fallout 3 Fallout games on PC which were inspired by Wasteland. Now I’ve played Wasteland 2 for around 7 hours, it’s not a fast paced game, this has only been enough time for me to complete one of the first main missions.- Overall I was very happy with the game, personally it was awesome to see a modern Fallout-like game with a traditional isometric view and detailed text descriptions of everything seen and done in the world.- However I found that I spent way too much time having to loot one loot container after another as well as sometimes fighting identical enemies repeatedly.http://youtu.be/DfGcRcBmcsQhttp://youtu.be/U4P28iQRIvQIn the character creation the graphics aren’t very appealing. However when you actually play the game you don’t usually view things so closely.-----Generally the actual graphics looked good in my opinion. But personally I’m satisfied as long as it’s a competent modern three-dimensional adaptation of Wasteland and an adequate improvement compared to the two-dimensional Fallout titles.-----What I was really impressed by was actually the textual description of entities and objects in the game. They provided more interesting details about everything you see.-----I also really liked the text dialogue that my companion expressed during combat rather than being mute. It really made the character seem more alive.-----Most of the character models looked fine, especially humans who featured a lot of variety. But I really got tired of seeing the same unimpressive giant bunnies again and again.-----There were also a couple of locations which I was not impressed by. One area was just a big empty square. While another fenced you into lanes which I don’t think fit well into a world that I believe should feel very open.-----But I was really impressed by many of the other environments that I saw. I liked how you could rotate the view, this would reveal objects you couldn’t see previously.-----Many environments looked handcrafted and irregularly shaped. I think this platform has a lot of potential even for other games with a fantasy theme.I liked the character attributes and skill system. However the benefits of investing into some attributes didn’t seem worthwhile. Likewise investing in combat skills seemed to suffer from strong diminishing returns.-----I set out to play this game in an unusual way. I didn’t want to micromanage a squad. So initially I took only one ranger. This didn’t work out so well initially.-----So after playing for an hour I started over and I redesigned my starting character. This time I created a more intelligent character so that they could multi-skill and thus take on multiple roles.-----Early on there is a high level character who you can recruit named ‘Angela Deth’, I took her along with me because going solo with a low level character is actually very difficult. So the game almost let me play the way I wanted to because I didn’t have to take a whole squad.-----I don’t mind the turn based combat, but it’s one of the reasons the game is slow paced. I knows it’s more traditional. But I would have preferred a real time system where you could pause and redirect the action.-----Occasionally my companion would go out of control in combat and make actions without me directing her. How do I make her do this all the time? I’d rather my NPC teammates were more autonomous. I don’t want to have to tell them to do every little thing.-----Outside of combat for the first several hours that I played, I couldn’t move my characters individually for some reason. So I wasn’t able to rearrange my character before entering combat-----This was a bit weird. I don’t know why this happened but eventually I was suddenly able to direct them individually.-----In games like this I feel compelled to search every nook and cranny in a level for loot. Especially because you really need to do so in order to scrape up enough ammunition to fight and enough medical supplies to survive.-----I know it’s a post apocalyptic game and scavenging may be the ‘thing’ to do. But I think I easily spent half of my seven hours of game-play looting and managing my characters’ inventories. That was tedious.-----Why do I have to ransack the property of people who I am supposed to protect? How do my characters carry all those guns and where do they keep them, just to sell at a vendor?-----I wish there was a better system for acquiring better gear. Perhaps credit towards an interchangeable load-out based on each characters rank and experience levels?So yes, I definitely have my gripes about this game. But I was very happy to play it. This game proves that Fallout 3 didn’t have to make the shift to FPS. Not sure that I will have more time for Wasteland 2 though.-----I’m happy that the price has come down. The previous $60 price tag was a major reason that I had not purchased this game quite some time ago.Clickherefor my YouTube gaming channel"
76561198001722133,Recommended,240760,8552614,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,EvilWopper,"So far so good. A bit too short, even for a beta version. God, I was waiting for this game for 10 years or so. I bet the final game will have exceptional replayability."
76561198109195776,Recommended,240760,26037630,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,jonwehling,I really missed the turn based of Baulder's gate and fallout 1 and 2.  Its better than i hoped for.  I have started and restarted this game 20 times and love it everytime...
76561197975682152,Not Recommended,240760,12598382,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,u6f6o,"At least on my Macbook, this game crashed quite regularly (every 15 - 30 minutes). I had also problems with the graphics, sometimes only flashy colours remained on the screen. Although the graphics are not that special, my cooler was running on full power all the time. This game is definitely not optimizied for Mac OSX.Personally I think this game is well suited for everyone who really enjoyed wasteland 1, but for all others I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198121925128,Recommended,240760,10026765,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,nsimonds1210,"As a devout player of all things Fallout, I LOVE this freakin game so much. I can't wait to play the finished product..."
76561197966239414,Recommended,240760,10229597,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,84YM4X,"Being pretty much a hardcore fan of the Fallout, yes including Bethesda's versions (strangely, I've grown to love them). Before getting your hands on Wasteland 2, be warned that you are not purchasing a game. You are purchasing an opportunity to watch and interact with a highly anticipated (at least by me...) pre-release game program that would hopefully become an amazing experience. I highly recommend investing your hard earned cash to the developers of Wasteland 2 as I very much look forward to their success."
76561198014569888,Recommended,240760,9590382,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Sgt-Hawker,"Good game so far not a humongous amout of bugs, definatly in Alpha as some missions are not yet available.  If you are an original Fallout I, II, Tactics fan you will enjoy this game when it is complete.  some things can be a little tidious but oh well.  Good game and if you get it on sale better, when this game goes live it will be well worth 80 bucks as i am sure they will up the price some."
76561197997693722,Recommended,240760,12147853,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,[19]Zaph,My first game ever was Fallout (1) and it changed my life. This is the game I was waiting for 16 years now. Just perfect !
,Recommended,240760,9462174,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,NinjaTatLord,"I love what I have played of the game and glad it has finally come to fruition. I have been waiting many years for this game to be finally made and what I have seen and played it has been worth it, being the original Wasteland on the Commodore 64 was one of my favorite games next to Ultima Series and a few others(Mars Saga,Sentinal Worlds etc). I am and always will be a Ranger at heart!!!"
76561198073780429,Recommended,240760,9329378,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Pvt. Pyle,If you're a fan of either Fallout 1 and 2 or D&D style games this one is for you. World and characters are great and the combat kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Can't wait for full release.
76561197995788923,Not Recommended,240760,16270364,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Doomsday,"Summary of the game:1)No tactics in combat. Usualy your team just 5 man cluster run into enemy and start shoting enemy their hp hit zero.2)The storyline is plain as railroad,  most of quest even deny logic to push you some to consiqence.3)Ambient sounds are horrible, during the HighPool mission i had to endure: screams, moaning, gunfire, explosions, alarm sounds for half an hour, until i turned off the sound.There isnt enough good thing in the game to outweight its design flaws to keep me playing it. Definetly overpriced WasteLand of money."
76561198013947404,Recommended,240760,8725877,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Brentos,yes but the beta is still buggy alot of things in the game do not work correctly.... Making progression difficult.
,Not Recommended,240760,12210338,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Brownfists,"*sigh* Another day, another crushing disappointment.So look, the combat is uninspired and boring. Now, it isn't bad because the options are limited, it's bad because it's design is so shallow abd the tactical options are so very few. Fundamentally combat boils down to two options: Click on target to attack or run away, not exactly deep or engaging stuff.The story is reasonably good, at least from what i've seen, but the dialogue therein emits the overwhemingly pungent aroma of particularly strong cheese.Graphically the game doesn't look too much of an improvement over fallout 2, indeed the low poly character models are just all kinds of wrong in a game being released in this day and age. Some might give Wasteland a pass for being an old school game, i'm not one of them, whilst I agree that graphics aren't everything, when you're trying to create a game like this, atmosphere and immersion are fundamental, having my eyeballed flicked every few minutes by those low res, low poly models and the peculiar animations does not lend well to the mise en scene when it comes to creating a convincing narrative. The graphical fidelity is something that struck me almost straight away and remains the elephant in the room the entire time, it's incredibly jarring and blows away immersion from the outset, the lack of atmosphere in the game is truly disappointing considering it's a game that would have benefitted exponentially from some sense of environmental depth of scene. The other aspect of this is that the animations are so poor. The way people hurry about is deeply unnatural, and indeed combat animations are every bit as unconvincing. This all adds to the game's lack of depth and continually smashes any sense of immersion to pieces.There's a whole raft of smaller things that bug me too, for instance, the lack of a day/night cycle, which even the original Baldur's Gate had, which could have added a much needed layer of depth to that chronically boring combat - creatures that only come out at night, reduced visibility, the need for different tactics at different times of night. That's just one example of the smaller things, and before anyone dons their majestic white armour and starts foaming at the mouth, consider this: The investment level was huge so far as crpg games go, so why exactly does the gameplay feel so shallow? You cannot honestly tell me it all went into the sparce voice acting or the fmv sequences, and it's abundantly clear that it didn't go into the engine, so what gives? Where did the money go?Still, all told, by far my biggest gripe is how low rent the game looks and plays.Fargo set out to make an old school game, and whilst he has achieved that, unfortunately, I suspect in literally doing so, he has failed to take full advantage of modern technology and game design techniques. Like so many dinosaurs of the industry, it seems he too has failed to adapt, just because you're making your vision does not mean that you should shun the good that has come from the advances in both technology and the games industry at large. What irks most is that this was a game with a £3m development budget, for a crpg it should have been absolutely jawdropping with an investment like that. That, above all else, is what makes Wasteland singularly disappointing, and also raises some rather pointed questions about just where the hell that £3m went, because it sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't look or feel like it went into the game itself in any truly meaningful way.Larian came out of left field with an absolute stunner of a game this year with Divinity, maybe i've just been spoilt by it and can't look at Wasteland in the same light when you hold the two side by side, but to be honest, when you look at what Larian achieved with a budget a fraction of the size of Wasteland, I can't help but feel that Briand Fargo, for all his good intentions, was taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥when he released Wasteland into the wild. Divinity is now far and away the market leader in the crpg market, and not because of a huge budget, because the guys and girls at Larian had the kind of vision and sense to use what they have available to them to the absolute best of their ability. I can't help but feel that not only was development time on Wasteland squandered, but also kneecapped by Fargo's single minded determination to make something 'old school'.the tl;dr boils down to this: if you're a fan of Wasteland 1 or the original Fallout games, and can look past a distinctly shoddy game engine, then you might find something to like here. Otherwise, wait for a very significant sale, or just take a pass altogether and play Divinity or Xcom instead, both are vastly superior alternatives that do what they do a good deal better than Wasteland ever can, or I suspect, ever will."
76561198071501309,Not Recommended,240760,12208135,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Thyphonius,"Hello all. I've been playing this game for several hours now and just completed  first mission.To be honest. Wasteland seems like a lot of Waste time. Just read a little before you commend.Believe me when i say that i loved Fall out series. I started with part 2, wich is actually allmost a complete copy ( graphic wise) of watse land 2. Come on guys!!!! A rlly nice budget trough kick starter and you give us graphics like that. PLS.Graphics compared to games anno 2014 , hell even anno 2005, are way, way , way better than thisIt hurts because i rlly care. Bought this game beta stage, almost a year ago......Portraits do not fit the chars u play or npc's in-game.Music pretty dull and much of the same. Sound affects, not so good.OMG dont get me started on the combat.... The system works fine. Just some good old fashion tunr based action, BUTSPOILER ALERT               SPOILER ALERT        SPOILER ALERTbut you got chance to hit in %. Ok.... you might think, but in-game this means that even when you get a 75% ( 75% is crazy high, you need to lvl up big time before you even get near it ) chance to hit, you probably gonne miss 3 out of 4 times still (percentage is iI guess based on rolls). This does not include weapon jams, and the fact that if surrounded by 2 mobs, your caracter feels pressured and get's a 20% debuff on his hit chance. And you got to reload every once in a while 2 .Not to mention that ammo is F^%&^%% scares and if you do find a shop that sells , it's a lot of money to buy new.SO..... adding all that up. Get your team in a fight and from all 40 shot's fired, you will probably hit about 8 times and killed maybe 4 out of 5 mobs. not a joke. So in the mean time you wasted a lot off ammo and a lot of time before the next encounter.It is frustrating my brains out........I WANT THIS TO BE GOOD!!!!So to be honest, (sad face) maybe i'm gonna play a few more hour's, but honestly, I think i'll just pick up a nother game.Dont buy it. (sad face)/cry"
76561198011508181,Recommended,240760,12114497,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Kabosky,"I'm fairly new to the whole Turned-based strategy game genre at which I only played Shadowrun Returns, XCOM, and Divinity: Original Sin and now Wasteland 2. So with my experience out of the way now I might as well get on with it!Wasteland 2 has not been regretted at all for an early access purchase, as to where I will be spending a lot of my time playing this game when the game fully releases! I feel that a lot of gamers anymore lose interest into these games, because it's not action 24/7 but I would say that these games now have got my attention and this game has taken over my life so far!Pros:1.) The environment is very detailed where it doesn't look pixilated at all and from that shows the time it took the developers to give a great Post Apocalyptic experience.2.) The variety of skills to master in at which can change a lot in the future of game play from Toaster Repair, to being a Kiss♥♥♥♥♥to survivors. These will keep you thinking on which will be best for each character and from that can alter what your character can do.3.) Character creation is very generic as to any other RPG element, but there's nothing wrong with that at all! Create your own character and make him/her a minigun wielding badass! But if you're not comfortable with creating your own character (or squad), you have preloaded characters to choose from at which have their own specialties for you.4.) The combat system in the game can be very tense and frustrating (in a good way)! Every combat you encounter has you looking for anyway to wipe out your enemies as fast as you can from breaking through their coverage, to flanking them with your sniper. Every battle is definitely tense from where a simple 80% or above chance to hit still will miss (most frustrating thing in the world!!!!).Cons:1.) A few minor glitches in the game which is common for a early access game, but some are still effective even though you reloaded the game before that glitch happened.2.) For my perspective and for anyone else who isn't too familiar with Turned-based strategy games, I had to restart the game a couple times as to where I screwed up and once you screwed up, you might as well restart and fix your mistakes. It may not seem like a con for others, but to me it's kind of frustrating to be restarting this game just to get it right.Verdict:I highly recommend this game for when it comes out, or even if you would like to play it right before it comes out! As for anyone who is considering buying the game full price, I would say that you wouldn't be disappointed in this purchase and would be looking forward to more hours of this game!"
76561198051249829,Recommended,240760,9298846,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,LessTenaciousD,"Spectacular. A wonderful mashup of Xcom: Enemy Unknown and Fallout 2. I can't wait for the full release.That being said, I don't know if 60$ is a fair price for an unfinished game - fun though it may be - but I'd happily pay 35 or 40 for it even a decade from now."
,Recommended,240760,9540273,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Kelbor-Hal,Still in closed beta and lacks about 70% of the content.Still a damn amazing game. 8/10 due to a few bugs.
,Recommended,240760,12626425,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Zlaya Kotleta,"Не идеально, но точно великолепно. Идеально будет годика этак через пол, когда пофиксят все баги да отполируют баланс. Как бы то ни было, мне очень понравилось. Атмосферой, миром, ситуациями.90 часов пролетели незаметно. Вот отдохну и когда-нить точно перепройду на самом сложном.А пока всем небезразличным к тематике рекомендую."
76561198021286350,Recommended,240760,9646131,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,crice,This game has great potential... I am always looking for updates or news on the finished product.
76561198039152100,Recommended,240760,9568944,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Demonic-Grits,buy the crap out of this game!
76561198016871272,Recommended,240760,8662486,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Meatasaurus Rex,this game is great. like an old-school RPG (think Fallout 1 or 2 or Temple of Elemental Evil) but they've done a lot to update things. Alternate game paths are fantastic - non-linear game play is fantastic. Really like it - beat the bejeezus out of the beta so when the real game comes out you should all be ready. might be in my best games of the year for 2013 and it was only in beta
,Recommended,240760,8668703,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Rhadamant,"This is a great game so far, don't let the indie adjective fool you. It is well polished, designed and executed and does not feel like a basement/garage made game at all. Character creation and customization is everything you'd hope for, for a Fallout-esque game. The combat is interesting and dynamic, feeling much like the original Fallout series and Xcom series. I don't usually shell out such positive reviews, but this one deserves it.I've played a lot of other games on 'early access' that were 'indie' and this one easily surpasses all of the others I've tried. Give it a go, you won't be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,240760,16783009,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,FO Biggles,"Not a very good game, really. Maybe a ""FAIR"" game.DIfficult to control gameplay; difficult to see around objects-- a visibility problem which also changes with zoom level. World not as intuiative as I'd like (much time spent searching by cursor pixel by pixel & meanwhile the clock ""seems"" to be running, many people but few interactions, & so forth).Bugs in the graphics (almost as bad as bugs in cereal). Bugs in sound (the ""box"" elevator looses sound for a few secs, for eg); it's also noisy with some ambient sound while others aren't loud enough.A lag down to ~1 FPS (well, you can count/time frame changes) that's random but frequent & which shuts down gameplay completely (even ESC -> SAVE & other menu selections lag terribly at this point). One might ask: what good is a game that can't be played?Bugs aside: it's the difficult UI that's the main problem. Remember TotSC games from the late '90's: UI was simple, effective, INTUITIVE!. WL2 needs to go back (virtually) to that tech level & redevelop to standards. What a bother, you say? Well, it's all All ALL about gameplay, I say. I'm hoping the GOTY edition fixes it up, at least the bugs & visability.Signed ""i7-4790k/z97/32gb/r9-290x/1440p/ssd/fobiggles"""
76561198082487895,Recommended,240760,9539243,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Clarke the Nutcracker,"When i first took a look at wasteland 2 i was suprised because i never thought Inxile was going to make a brand new sequel to wasteland 1 which was one of the best strategy based post apocalyptic rpgs of all time. It was 44 euros, but i thought ""why the hell not"" and bought it. When i first started playing i was shocked, there was so much frame drop and the game crashed when i attempted to exit the primary area of the game, i was very dissapointed BUT WAIT. I heard from the support of the game that there was an upcoming update that was going solve all the crashing issues and many more things. A week passed by and the update had finally been released, it had fixed 2,000 issues, such as bugs, glitches, and even added new structures and maps.I started up the game and i was blown away, there was no lag at all and the graphics where stunning. They had even added a store to the primary area, i exited the place and there was no crash, ""that is what im talking about"" and so the game went on with no bugs or lag. This goes to show how dedicated the wasteland 2 team is to assist their fan base in their problems. Im usualy not into giving a rating, but as i once said ""why the hell not !""8/10,thanks for your guys attention."
,Not Recommended,240760,15211531,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Major Phucup,"Fairly ordinary game, certainly not deserving of Game of the Year.  Poor graphics aside (which frequently don't match the text in the game), the combat is pathetic and two-dimensional (really crappy ""cover"", rarely can you get a position above your target, and everything kicks off before you can actually get yourself some good cover), and the game is pretty boring overall.  IT often crashes/runs super-slow for no apparent reason.  It's ok as a filler whilst waiting for the next Fallout or Elder Scrolls (proper RPG's)  but certainly don't pay more than like $20 for it."
,Not Recommended,240760,12240889,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,lyravega,"One of the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and frustrating combat system that I've ever seen in a game. It feels like developers liked a few ideas from other games, and tried to combine as many of them as they can. Not everything goes well together, especially if it is not carefully assembled."
76561197999457306,Not Recommended,240760,33971473,Posted: 2 August,all,Spacereg,"+ Good overall story, true choices in dialogue (not like the usual a. Yes, b. YES !, c. Hum... tell me more)+ Lots of skills to use, party up to 6 members+ weapon customization- Boring quests- Good results are just too long to get (not really hard but boring as hell)- Character customization not found- In-game impact of quests limited (like playing mass effect 1 and never seing the changes it does in 2&3)- No impact of ""quest order"" when receiving simultaneous questsTried 50 hours, on different occasions, still can't like it."
76561197982685342,Not Recommended,240760,21195342,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Rictor-Rockets,"I have mixed feelings on this game:First, I really wanted to like it. A lot. I loved the original, warts and all, and given that this was an indy effort, I was willing to put up with some rough edges. Because unlike a lot of games today, this one is a challenge! Ammo is scarce, combat is hard, decisions haunt you. I liked that part. I loved that part.BUT THE GAME F***ING CRASHES SO OFTEN.I literally cannot get through 30-60 minutes, sometimes even more like 10-15, before the game crashes out. It's not like this is a new product, it's been out for a while, and this is really kinda unacceptable. After 12 hours, and 15 crashes, I just cant deal with it anymore.Too bad... :-("
76561198050388107,Not Recommended,240760,16269608,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,mos5piglet,"This is an adequate game. When I had a lot of free time, I didn't mind investing a few tens of hours to appreciate W2's strong points. Now that I have less time for gaming, there are enough better games that I won't play Wasteland 2 again (although I'll probably reinstall to look at the Game of the Year version).In this review, I'll compare it to X-COM: Enemy Unknown and Skyrim, which seem like natural comparisons for different aspects of Wasteland 2. (I assume Fallout 3 is a more natural comparison, but I never played it.)Good partsWeaponsmithing: Interesting and fun. Deeper than the smithing system in Skyrim but easier to understand.Roaming freely: Exploring in W2 isn't as rewarding as Skyrim, but the hybrid turn-based system combined with exploring makes Wasteland 2 feel, if not bigger, at least freer than X-COM: EU.NPCs: Several but not all NPCs are well-written. NPC interactions add something that wasn't in X-COM: EU, but they're not at the level of Skyrim.Bad partsLack of tension in combat: X-COM: EU's well-designed maps and the soldiers' vurnerability made combat a taut, exciting chess match. In Wasteland 2, the lack of cover, friendly fire (by itself a great addition), and soldiers durability (on seasoned difficulty), made combat an exercise in lining up American Revolution-style and rolling your dice against the enemy. On seasoned difficulty, my soldiers never went down except to friendly fire. Ranger difficulty made combat more difficult, but the outcome of combat never felt like the result of skill or strategy.Mediocre writing: For me, the writing was good enough to made up for the uninteresting combat through the end of the Arizona section. The Rail Nomad camp and Happy Valley set up interesting scenarios. However, the narrative lost momentum after the start of the California section. When the game essentially copy-pasted the Rail Nomad scenario for another level, I lost interest.Skills: More than half of the skills feel like they were added to pad the game and provide a sink for skill points. For example, Skyrim had one skill for picking locks. Wasteland 2 has 5 or 6 skills that serve exactly the same function. What's the difference between lock picking, toaster repair, and brute force? Nothing. Skyrim's two melee combat skills are fundamentally different and highly customizable. Wasteland 2 has 3 melee combat skills that all work exactly the same. Skyrim had one speech skill. Wasteland 2 has 3 speech skills that all work exactly the same. Skyrim has two healing skills (restoration and alchemy) that could not be more functionally different. W2's two healing skills are almost exactly the same (although some of the status effect descriptions are funny). At least half of the skills in Wasteland 2 are unnecessary clones of other skills.Overall, Wasteland 2 has some strong points that are overwhelmed by it's weaknesses."
76561198027178139,Not Recommended,240760,30496960,Posted: 13 March,all,Racocac,"Notice: My review states that I do not recommend this game because of inXile Entertainment's exceptionally scummy behavior during the ""inXile vs The Alien Wasteland"" incident (Google it for more details - basically, inXile used copyright laws in a frivolous way to bully a small indie developer). If you are in any way conscious about the future of game development, I implore you not to buy the game or any of the other Wasteland games. (If you are desperately looking for a post-apoc RPG, have a look at Underrail!)To other reviewers: due to a Steam glitch, you have to review Wasteland 2 DC by posting a review to regular Wasteland 2. That also means you have to install and play that for at least 5 minutes too if you haven't already. (This is why it seems like I've only played a couple minutes - my real playtime is ~50 hours right now.)For the sake of honesty, I am also going to write up a brief summary of the good and the bad points of the game itself. Wasteland 2: Director's Cut is a post-apocalyptic RPG about an American militia organization named the Desert Rangers who try to uphold law and order in Arizona after a global nuclear apocalypse, as well as the events of the first game (which, as explained very soon in the game as well, involved stopping a crazy scientist and a malevolent AI). You lead a party of four (or less) Rangers on a mission to find out about the circumstances of the death of another Ranger. This party can later gain up to three additional followers, up to a squad size of seven. These followers (of which there are plenty, so you'll have to make choices as to who you carry along) have the slight drawback that they can ""go rogue"", i.e. ignore your orders and do their own thing each turn (this can be mitigated), but are otherwise perfectly functional player characters.Sounds like a lot to manage? It's not as bad as it sounds. The character attribute/skill system is simple enough, though it can feel overwhelming on a first playthrough. However, W2 DC does provide a default squad - you can roll with it on the normal (""Seasoned"") difficulty level on a first playthrough and do alright (at least I did). The tutorial system is adequate and explores the various elements of the game well enough that you probably won't feel lost after the first 15-30 minutes. Combat may seem a bit punishing at first, but if you explore enough, the game rewards you pretty soon with a ""crutch"" follower, who is quite a bit stronger than your characters at that point and will help you get through the first few areas. (Though I also have a minor quibble here: this very same follower will eventually leave you, so if you thought they were a solid fixture on your team and rely on them for a critical skill, you may suddenly be left with a gaping hole in your team after they leave. You are subtly warned that they might only stay while your team are still greenhorns, but the warning is too subtle in my opinion. Most other followers do stick around once they join you, though, unless you make a choice that pisses them off big time.)Speaking of choices, this game does have its fair share of ""choices and consequences"". Like most games that advertise this, this game does not deviate too much from its major storyline either, and the choices only have flavor effects or some minor gameplay effects at most. This does not mean the C&C system in the game is necessarily bad - I'm just telling you what to expect. Your choices do shape the world, even if not all of them have a significant effect on when and how you win the game. In keeping with the gritty theme, often you are forced to choose between two bad outcomes or may not be able to  stop a certain kind of evil at all no matter what you do, but at other times you can help the wasteland become a better place.The various factions in the game are interesting, many of them are well-developed and have engaging characters. Unfortunately, the main plot is a bit too railroaded for my taste - the game is designed with the assumption that you are going to be a Desert Ranger through and through, identifying with them without question and opposing the main boss. There are some interesting nuances to the ideology of the main antagonists, but the game does not explore them sufficiently. There are alternate endings where you do not do what the Rangers expect you to do, but they are unsatisfying to say the least. The side quests are actually more interesting than the main plot IMO.Regarding game balance, the game is balanced well enough that you can do a first playthrough on Seasoned (the default, normal difficulty level) with just the right amount of challenge, not too much frustration, but not too easy either. I think you might conceivably be able try a blind ironman first run as well, if you are so inclined - though I'd probably recommend  Rookie for that. The game is not a roguelike though, and it isn't designed for endless replayability - I think that there are about 2-3 playthroughs' worth of material in the game (provided you like it enough to replay it), and no more, so I'd advise against blind ironman play. One positive I'd like to note is that unlike quite a few CRPGs I've ever seen (the worst violator being Age of Decadence), this game - at least on normal difficulty - does not need extreme minmaxing to succeed, and you *can* start with suboptimal builds and still perform well enough. You can even branch out into a lot of non-combat skills and still be strong enough to be able to fight, and the game is forgiving enough that you can make drastic changes to your skill focuses over the course of 5-10 levels if you take your team in the wrong direction (my characters were around level 40 by the time they completed the game). For example, if you realize you desperately need the Lockpicking skill and forgot to take it on any of your characters, well, you'll be missing some containers for a while, but you aren't hopelessly behind and will probably still be able to max it out if you aren't too late into the game.The interface and user-friendly aspects are generally good - there aren't a lot of really inconvenient/frustrating functionalities I've found, carry weights are not a huge issue, useless junk items that have no use other than sell value can be sold with a single click all at once... not much bad I can say here.If you care about that sort of thing, the game is also LGBTQ-positive. Well, I haven't seen any T, but they might exist without you realizing it, y'know? There are quite a few openly gay characters though (mostly minor, but a particular married lesbian couple will help you out in the final battle if you help them out before). I've also found at least one crossdresser (in a town which is famous for its extreme sexual libertinism, to the point of being ruled over by a sex worker - and they are actually one of the nicer communities in the game, certainly compared to their main rivals) and hey, the game does technically allow you to have gay sex, though nothing is shown on screen - so if you're looking for smut, don't get your hopes up.As a minor bonus, you can dress up your character in one of many different outfits found throughout the game world - this'll affect the appearance of your toons in the game world and on the character screen (though it's only cosmetic), and since any worn armor doesn't actually appear on you, this functionality isn't made obsolete as soon as you want to put some armor on. You can put really indecent clothes on your females, or have your men walk around in a pair of hold-up stockings, or even dress them up in a way that's actually intimidating and/or practical (but why'd you want to do that?!). It's a fun little minigame you can entertain yourself with while you are shuffling your inventory around.Overall verdict: avoid, for reasons stated in the very beginning. If you do not care about punishing dodgy business practices, then I'll let you judge based on the rest of the review."
76561197977518007,Not Recommended,240760,28599849,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gruthar,"Wasteland 2 is a mediocre game; gained popularity based on original hit, but with current available RPG games; it does not shine. Graphics are the Achilles heel and story line is somewhat boring. After playing it for several hours I regret the time I have invested in it. There are better choices out there"
,Not Recommended,240760,8105954,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,rude,"I honestly can't see how there are so many positive reviews on this garbage at it's current state, i'm honestly starting to believe I may have recieved some ""nega copy"" from the depths that should be played by no man alike.Let me just start out with this; as a fallout 1 and 2 childhood fan, i truly looked forward to this title after seeing it raise about three million dollars. Now if you don't know already, three million creates hype for those who don't even understand the cultural relevance of the first wasteland, so this early release had something to live up to. Hell even the early reviews state that the game is promising, so maybe i'm not the one understanding what the word 'promising' means any longer. See when I think of a 'promising' three million dollar game, I think of an enjoyable yet somewhat bumpy experience at this point of development, not some poorly put together thing called a game that can't function past fifteen minutes without bugs annihilating everything in their path. And the best part, that during those fifteen minutes of play I recieve, even the bugs aside, the game is boring. Nothing, and I mean nothing, compels me to go forward with the lackluster story, the combat is atrociously broken and slow, and the whole experience feels like it was made by two men in a basement with a few connections to decent voice actors who had no idea what on earth they were doing, not a skilled development team with a ludicrous amount of money at their fingertips.But hey. I'm a glass half full kind of guy, so maybe this piece of trash is another man's treasure."
,Recommended,240760,11324806,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Roger 'Dan' Ram-Jet,"It's like Jagged Alliance meets Baldur's Gate - they have a wild time in bed and then out of no-where Fallout comes over and makes it a threesome.The result is not at all disgusting. But ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Wasteland 2 has alot of potential and replayabillity, and its not even finished."
76561198019871185,Recommended,240760,21006658,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Gargantua,Awesome!  Definetly pick it up on Steam Sale.
,Recommended,240760,13824103,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,不笑喵,yet I have played this game for hours.It's a bad dream for the one who want to make things perfect . There are many choice that it could affect the whole story.but I just want to play it.Nice game!
76561197985430552,Not Recommended,240760,13272445,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Zombie,"Don't bother, waste of money.The tactical battle gameplay is a HUGE disappointment. There is no possibility to switch to turn-based, the only way to start a battle is to shoot in real time, and while you are in real time, you can't get any info on covers etc.Anyway, the game feels a lot more real-time than a tactical game should. Can't understand how somebody can compare this to Fallout."
76561198051961755,Recommended,240760,11568899,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,nitzoplax,"Great Game and getting better. Buy this game now if you haven't already, you wont regret it!"
76561198083019629,Recommended,240760,12366628,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Walter Pinkman,"The story in this game is awesome, mark that. Gamelay is good, but... I miss a lot of features from Fallout 1/2. Among them, the ability to pickpocket, ablility to pick up dismantled mines, throwing skill, ability to aim at specific part of a body(head, leg, hand, ...). But all in all the game is worth the price."
76561198031102916,Recommended,240760,20763291,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Serious 7,"It reminds me the classic Fallout series more than a decade ago, really a good game. Not a perfection, but worth 15 yrs waiting.Hope we original Fallout fans can enjoy a brand new perfect Wasteland 3 soon."
,Recommended,240760,20686613,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,[EHJ]ironslasher,"This is a classic, a truly enjoyable game. It returns to the old school fallout scheme centered on impactful decision making freedom and character development centered on alternative ways to approach objectives. It is openworld in the way that the old fallout games felt openworld, but not so much in the way the new ones do. It is more linear in the sense that it is event driven, the locations tend to tie into the main story in some way, and the main questline ends the game.Notes - mostly the cons you should be aware of:1. They've created great characters, but they still don't feel ""alive."" There is no day/night cycle, characters simply sit in their placed spots on the map and you interact with them via admittedly well done dialogue options. This is helpful at times, like when you want to find someone. That said, the lack of movement and life in the characters themselves could've been handled better. Games like Arcanum managed to do this to perfection years ago.2. The wasteland environment doesn't feel dull (a problem I had with F3 and beyond); the environments feel varied, pretty much all the groups and locations feel unique.3. Not a great deal of weapon/item variation - You just slowly progress up the pricepoint chain as the game goes on. Would've liked sidequests or encounters that wouldve opened up more unique options in this regard. Also, other than for reasons of bullet scarcity, the game doesn't give you a compelling reason to ever use smgs, pistols, or even melee characters to a certain extent. There is no need to mod weapons to get through the game, and weapon mods are also pretty standard.4. Main story is solid, but the side quests are really where the game shines. The decision-making freedoms are absolutely excellent and consequences change the game in real ways. Lots of text, but not problematically so."
76561198027254884,Recommended,240760,15287628,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,aragorn,"Summary – 7/10 Good game for those who like post apocalypse setting, top down 3rd person point of view, large variety of weapons.  Buy when on sale for under $20.Pro:+ Post Apocalypse setting+ Lots of decision trees, dialog options+ Multiple ways to complete an objective+ Interesting story (bringing law and order to a place of total anarchy)+ Decent number of quests (about 60-70)+ Nice unique maps+ Dismemberment, melting on some kill shots+ Easy to use UI+ Humor and funny references especially of the 80’s throughout.Con:- Lacks the immersiveness of 1st person viewpoint games  (Fallout: New Vegas, Fallout 3)- Can’t interact with most of the environment.  Almost all building entrances are blocked and using explosives won’t change that.- Poor AI – just set up an ambush point on a map send out a meat shield to draw the enemies and kill them as they approach.  Works almost every time.- Explosives so overpowered in combat.  They never miss even if your character doesn’t have a single point in explosives. Give meatshield a ton of STR (which equals HP).  Have enemy mob him.  He runs out then toss grenades.  Battle won. Rinse. Repeat.- Game maps are fairly linear (except for Titan Canyon)- Dull weapon/shooting animations (just one animation for all weapons)- Non realistic skill (Toaster Repair (really!!))- Poor stat optimization.  Intelligence > all.  Many stats just not important.- Too many skills focused on just opening containers (open lock, tumbler, alarm, trap, perception) since you have to divide up skills amongst players to max them all quickly it means switching through multiple players just to open a container.  Pretty poor design.- Every container is either trapped or has an alarm attached to it (or both).- Few locations (Less than a two dozen maps in the AZ and CA zones)- RNG on skills is not even close to what is listed.  50% chance of success really means 10% chance of success at most.  Use PF9 and PF11 constantly can waste 10 minutes opening a chest/safe not very enjoyable.- Easily broken quests. Lots of reloading to complete a quest.- No mods or modding community (lack of replayability)Note my playtime means nothing as I have a small child now and often have a game running/paused on one monitor all weekend even though I may only play 15 minutes every couple hours when I have a few minutes to relax.  Probably only spent 25-30 hrs actually completing the game.In general if you are a huge fan of Post Apocalypse games like me then you will enjoy this game.Not too many bugs in the game just a few like:- Examining ground that says something is buried but not allowing you to use a shovel or any other skill on the ground.  This happened 3-4 times.- Trying to save after visiting a travelling merchant to offload junk.  Get a message saying “you are in combat and can’t save at this time”  Guess the merchants don’t like the deal they received hehe.- Memory Leak (At least when you pause the game for 2+ hours and then unpause the game it moves slower than molasses. It’s a pain if you forgot to PF9 before hitting pause. (Use a liquid cooled Alienware rig as my main gaming machine and it’s a beast so they lag/stutter and huge decrease in frame-rate is due to a memory leak).Though please note that it is not even comparable to Fallout: New Vegas with its fully interactive environment, open world, 1st person view, great soundtrack, number of factions and locations but for a budget/on sale game this is something to enjoy for awhile.  Still not sure why all the most valuable items (skill books) in a post apocalypse world would be stored inside toasters.  Also be sure to PF9 before using any skill then PF11 when it fails will allow you to open every intractable item in the game.  Also press “Z” a lot to find all intractable items."
76561198015661960,Recommended,240760,13669073,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,wagsnfam,"Amazing Game!!! Brought me back to old schoold fallout, but with better gameplay and of course better graphics!"
76561198047201000,Recommended,240760,12559404,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Aegil,"Having played the original Wasteland and every Fallout game released, (Yes, even that one for the X-Box. You know the one I'm talking about), I was pretty much expecting a better version of Fallout Tactics with a deeper, richer story line. The result? I little underwhelming, but overall a good experience.Tight, turn-based tactical combat with a rotatable isometric view mean that other than a few oddities that occur with objects that are ""between the camera and the view,"" the control is pretty solid. The game rewards you for good tactics and positioning with every weapon skill having it's pro's and it's cons. You're not penalized for having a diverse team and the biggest problem of simply having a team of grunts with no real other skills is simply that a lot of side missions will be more difficult, if not impossible.The downside... the story feels a little ""been there, bought the t-shirt."" And not just for a player of wasteland. There really isn't anything in this world that the game presents that genuinely feels original in any way, with the unfortunate majority of the various groups you come across feeling like someone blew the dust off and gave it a new coat of paint. Not a slapdash job though, but a loving restoration with a few embellishments here-and-there. The big disappointment was the final mission/ending. If any part felt like you'd played it before, it was this one. *sigh*Still, an enjoyable game for Hardcore fans of the Post Apocalyptic genre, or relative newcomers. But anyone else may want to give it a miss if retreading familiar ground doesn't catch their fancy."
,Recommended,240760,12570679,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Flapjack,"Wasteland 2 was one of those games that really speaks to older generations of games. There are many good as well as bad design features, but overall it's an enjoyable experience if you're willing to put yourself through it.Upon starting up your first game you create a party of four Rangers and can choose their stats and skills, select character appearance options, and write a quick bio should you so desire. Of course, one of the things that is limited by the standards of old crpgs is that you can't play your character too far off the path of the desert rangers, but still the story is interesting and features a lot of unique ideas that might just get you to crack a smile.Now there is a ton of dialogue and text in this game, but of course that means a lot of conversation options come up time after time. You'll find your self clicking things to get them out of the way, and of course sometimes this can get you into confrontations without any clear indications. Since I like to schmooze my way through many of these it was kind of annoying that there werent more options to use the skills associated with conversation, but at least they were there.The combat mechanics were probably the most fun. I played this game at the second highest difficulty on my first try and didn't have too much trouble. There are some frustrating things, like enemies walking 150 tiles across the map straight up to your characters on the first turn and punching them in the face, but so long as you're prepared you can usually deal with this by lobbing out grenades and rockets. That being said, there are plenty of different weapons to take advantage of and they are all useful and unique in different ways. Some character stats are more useful to combat than others, so it helps a ton to diversify your party because the situations that arise require different skills and weapons. Some enemies are tough to take out with light weapons, but easy targets with energy guns, and vice versa.As a piece of advice you will be binding quick save to the key closest to your keyboard hand, and pressing it often. There are times where it is not always clear what you have to do, and if you do them in the wrong order you can get into situations like endless combat for HOURS before you give up and reload. It's truly unfortunate that unorthodox situations do this to the player, as it feels restricting at times. I remember early in the game trying to expedite a mayoral race, and did as many helpful tasks as I could save for one that I could not find. Turns out the doctor, who said he didn't need any help, actually needec you to use your surgeon skill on his patients... seriously? I spent hours trying to figure this out before looking it up.Another gripe is that you will spend hours just walking across maps, for no purpouse other than you're going back and fourth for quests. There are sometimes ways around this that open up after having done enough to open up a quicker passage, but usually by this point it doesn't even matter anymore. You'll experience this enough to come to hate the experience. You'll be getting out your chair to find something to distract you for three minutes while your party walks around, and sometimes you have no idea if where you're going is going to help your quest. Truly this was the most frustrating aspect of the game.Yet another thing, many characters have the same portraits, even important ones at times. I really wish that they had taken the Baldurs Gate appreach and only gave important characters unique portraits. And the portraits, they look like they were painted by a college student. They werent bad, but felt lacking. Sometimes it made the characters you meet less unique, as they just sort of blend into each other.Now it might seem i'm going off on the negative aspects of the game, but these are things you should know before you start playing. It's by no means perfect, but hightly enjoyable. Comparable to Shadowrun Returns, where as shadowrun had a really focused story and an enjoyable simplicity, Wasteland 2 has a very big and diluted feel with explosive chests falling out of the sky and arguably more interesting combat mechanics and a big world."
,Recommended,240760,12578070,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,awesomeoman,"This game is fantastic, couldn't recommend it enough. There was a lot of love put into the making of this game and it shows. Just when I though I was getting tough I get ambused by a robot machine gunning death machine. Just when I think I'm close to finishing I discover I'm not even close. Love this game!"
76561197970742869,Recommended,240760,12576971,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,PvtPartsy,A great adventure RPG in the old custom. Thoroughly enjoyed the game and like a great book couldn't wait to get back to Arizona and LA to get to the next chapter.
,Recommended,240760,12561178,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Patches,"It's a decent game and I definitely got my money's worth out of it. However, the game's biggest problem is the excessive amount of combat in the latter parts of the game. The early portions of the game do a nice job of balancing combat with the rest of the content, but the latter half of the game sends you into a lot of fights that are really just tedious.That said, I still recommend the game... but I would recommend getting Shadowrun Returns or Dragonfall if you haven't picked them up before jumping into this. I found them to be better (more polished) experiences that balance content with combat quite nicely."
76561198020618715,Recommended,240760,12372954,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ilovemichiko,i've never played wasteland 1 or fall out series..bought this game because i saw some1 streaming it and it looks fun so i bought it..and its soooo worth it..im enjoying it soooo sooo much...127 hrs played and im not done yet lol..1st run ranger difficulty walk in the park for me...so im moving on hardcore and i hope it brings in more challenge..my only complain is that..i think the game is kinda short..i was hoping that there would be a 3rd state like vegas...
,Recommended,240760,12318281,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Phloom,It has me all reminiscng about playing Fallout and Fallout 2 back in 1998-2000.... and THAT is a great thing.More fun than 'Divinity: Original Sin' to me. I recommend this highly!
76561198169331146,Not Recommended,240760,13792212,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,petteri,The game keeps crashing so bad that it's unplayable. I wouldn't buy it until the game is fixed for OSx.
,Recommended,240760,14398980,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,meethune,Don't finish many games. I think I may replay this one.
76561198031752190,Recommended,240760,13745288,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Raxmus,"I love the complex character customization, the tactical turn-based combat, and the tough gameplay choices almost as much as the gritty atmosphere and unforgettable world. Recommended for those willing to make the commitment."
,Recommended,240760,12192445,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Gallsy,Wasteland 2 is a spiritual sequel to Fallout 1/2. Combat is very X-COMmy which is a great thing.
76561197979967689,Recommended,240760,12321808,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Renegade,A great game for those of you who like turn based RPGs. Great story likeable characters that always see to  have something to add to the situations you are in. So a well rounded fun game and worth every penny.
76561197965952269,Recommended,240760,12359493,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Mibuwolf,"The AI is replete with bugs and are highly inconsistent, making most tactical decisions irrelevant. Sheer firepower is the only thing that gets you through the firefights. Your sniper can be crouching in an elevated position and blocking the only way up, and the enemy WILL run the equivalent of 30 odd action points to circle the position just to stand beside your sniper. Likewise the AI npc follower WILL make the same circuit just to stand in front of the enemy to die. Doesn't help that the AI followers have 1 or 2 bullet shot's worth of hp and can't be healed. Even under normal circumstances depending on the AI's whim and fancy they ocassionally develop a sudden ability to produce more ability points than otherwise deemed possible so that they can come and hug your characters in a loving embrace. The AI npc inconsistency has the potential to utterly ruin your attempt for a perfect quest clearance for at least one of the compulsory quests.There's a general lack of ammunition and medipack drops at the start of the game, so each encounter has to be carefully planned and executed. Unfortunately, in the early parts of the game, much of the available ammunition can only be found in locked/trapped safes/chests/boxes, which require a significant investment into the necessary non combat skills, which affects the distribution of limited stat points for combat skills, further wasting limited ammunition. Not a bad thing in itself, but would require careful planning.A corollary to the above is, on the long run characters starting with high intel and charm will significantly outstrip all other characters in every single way. One of the earliest followers you can get is characteristic of this. Low intelligence results in inadequate points to spread amongst auxiliary abilities, which results in bombs exploding, locks breaking, alarms ringing, bone fractures, skipped conversation choices and blue screens of death, and crucially, low supplies.Other than this, an excellent, excellent game. The story is brilliant and the choices you make in the game have implications and depth, though a number are more akin to morally abstract implications.P.S. There is a hidden choice at the start of the game, though it makes your playthrough a little harder than the standard choices. And remember to pick up the damned shovel."
76561197969022625,Recommended,240760,12372157,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Live,Brought this game 2 week ago and have finish it.Not much bug very nice game to play with.Give you back the feeling of fallout and fallout 2 but not as much detail like fallout or fallout 2.This game is only around 20% in terms of content if compair with fallout.Always love the feeling of getting strong weapon in fallout provided that you can cross the entire map toward the last base for the weapon.The only thing bad about this game is i am unable to fly back to Arizona after i went to california thus there are something that i miss.
,Recommended,240760,12472621,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,kejadahan,Pros- Got tricked by clicking the DLC link- Set the nuke in Citadel- Toasters are valuableCons- Afro Rose10/10 would definitely set the nuke again
,Recommended,240760,12680788,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,MorphlingV2,"While I missed the original Wasteland I got to play every game in the Fallout series. I believe that this game is a worthy successor, albeit not as good as the early Fallouts. It has the same perspective as Fallout 1 and 2, but is now using a 3D engine. The game is a fair bit more combat heavy compared to Fallout 2, but unlike Fallout Tactics has a far deeper role-play element to it.Details+ Character creation is quite deep with plenty of attributes, skills, and derived stats. You get to create four characters at the start of the game and up to three more NPCs can join your group at a time. There are enough skills to make you want to create specialized characters for different purposes. There are skills for using different types of weapons, social skills, ability to perform certain actions such as lockpicking, safecracking, using computers, medical skills, etc.+ Combat is turn-based and has a feel very similar to the early Fallout games except that you get to control a party instead of just one character. NPCs that join your group will sometimes choose to do their own thing if you do not have a character with high enough leadership. You get a certain number of action points to perform actions during a character's turn such as moving, using one of the weapon's firing modes or an item, reloading, and so on. Cover exists and increases both aim and defense of a character in it. When and how often characters get to move depends on their combat initiative.+ Game is long and completing it with all of the sidequests can easily take 60 hours. There are plenty of different locations to explore and while there are radioactive walls that prevent you from going to certain places before you are supposed to in the story line you generally get to decide where do you want to go.+ Story and writing are both solid. A lot of quests have multiple solutions and in a number of cases social skills can help avoid confrontation. Decisions you make will affect the ending and the ending itself will clearly show the results of your actions with slides explaining what will happen to every place you have visited.+ Great ambient soundtrack from the same composer who created music for Fallout 1 and 2 as well as Planescape: Torment and a number of other games.+ While overall graphical quality is quite poor by today's standards and character models especially could use an improvement, I feel like the designers and artists have made the most out of a kickstarter budget.- Most of the loot in the game is completely random and changes on reload encouraging save scumming. It is completely possible to crack a well-protected safe only to find a few bullets in it while a game reload could give you a nice weapon instead. Furthermore most of the loot is broken down into tiers based on location or your place in the story line so there are often points in the game when you know your party is equipped with best equipment possible until you progress further making looting until that point completely unexciting and even becoming tedious with how plentiful containers are. Also a number of items that are marked as junk end up having a purpose in some of the quests.- Some balancing issues make certain weapon types completely useless throughout the game. If you choose wrongly in the beginning you will feel screwed later on.- Due to how plentiful combat is higher difficulty levels require very specific character builds to make the most out of combat initiative and action points in order to progress. If you want to create a role-play party my advice is to stick to the default difficulty level.- The game still had plenty of bugs upon release, especially in the second half of the game. The very last few areas also feel like they have been a bit rushed, but at least the game ending is satisfying."
76561198019630110,Not Recommended,240760,16197962,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,pongy22,constantly crashes.  I have to restart about every 10 minutes.  sucks
76561198117760235,Not Recommended,240760,16220077,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Skarp Hulduson,"I was a supporter of this game until Steam Achievements became a long-standing developer-ignored issued.Achievements are more or less broken for this game. More (100% broken) for Mac and Linux. Less broken for Windows. In the more than two months since this was reported and discussed in the forums, the game developers have not replied to the forums or to their ""preferred"" private bug report mechanism.If they would reply in any way at all — even with a ""Sorry, we screwed up. We'll fix it if/when we can figure out how."" — then I'd go back to being a supporter. Ignoring customers erodes customer support ... who'da thunk it, huh?"
,Recommended,240760,14300817,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,[I.P.R] TheOfficeDog™,"Wasteland 2, the best game since Civilization V--------------------------------------------------This game is amazing! The artwork is spot on and the graphics are amazing its just amazing... Gonna make a list of what I did.Spoilers-Woke up-Started game-Created a party-Died-Created a party-Died-Created a party-Died-Created a party-It had the WaW Cod zombies players (Takeo, Nikolai etc.) As my members-Met general Vargas-Went on the mission-Made it to ag center-Cured it from the plants-Got the radio tower hooked up-Went to highpool-Radio tower broke-Got to prison-Saved-Helped a guy-Bought stuff from him-Had to pay ""taxes"" but I didnt have money-Died-Loaded save file-Helped the guy-Payed taxes-Walked to next part-Saved-Killed all the soldiers-Same thing for a while-Ran around doing quests-Cured dogs-Beat the heck out of some spider robots-Angela died :( no wonder her last name is ""Deth"" (it needs an a)-Found some more robots-Hacked em'-Got some followers-Flew on a helicopter to las vegasThats it so far10/10"
,Recommended,240760,13753583,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Paul Reveres eight inch penis,"The group of  unkhown 16 year olds by the names of Groilla, She who bangs Gorilla, Cole and She who bangs 3pitty go on a pain staking journey to down i dont know what because i wasent paying attention so i had improvise and take matter 2 my own hand and i try 2 take on bad man and the killed groillas ♥♥♥♥♥ 1st then they took down groilla and then tok him down again then they killed Cole den She who bangs 3pitty put up the good fight and got shot in hed 10/10 would bang She who bangs 3pitty again"
76561198032900940,Recommended,240760,15126115,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,A silent Indivigual,"Wasteland  2 Is a fantastic game with a great design. Your able to hop right in to the game with a custome group of Rangers and feel like your actually appart of the game. The combat system is fluent and not buggy, and the AI pathing is well layed out. I would recommend picking up this game any time."
,Recommended,240760,13825785,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Guilty Complex,"I fixed a toaster and it gave me a 7"" Vinyl Record. Who the ♥♥♥♥ puts a record in a toaster?11/10 Would toast again."
,Recommended,240760,12242116,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,kijji,"This is the first CRPG (computer role-playing game) I have played, and it is a lot of fun. Even though I have only spent a little under 2 hours playing it, it is definitely worth $40 or your regional equivalent. 10/10!"
76561198002264534,Recommended,240760,13779942,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Wuggz,A well deserved title for GOTY 2014!
,Recommended,240760,13728522,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Balfor,Spent my entire Winter Break looking for a game just like this!
76561197993291669,Recommended,240760,13777878,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Hrco,"This game brought back ""old school"" RPG back in full. Great game."
,Not Recommended,240760,15679654,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,faggor king of gaystonia,"welcome to the future video games are now.the newest titles,the latest in simulationstotalbiscut just backed a video game made in unity on kickstarterit makes over seven billion dollarsyou play the best video game ever made and its so good that it installs a new sound driver onto your soundcard shutting off all audio capacities on your computer.i am complete god. devour my soul into oblivion"
76561198001176400,Recommended,240760,31698439,Posted: 12 May,all,30footrat,"Awesome, awesome game.  Still a great experience, 2+ years after release."
76561197993205533,Recommended,240760,30956016,Posted: 4 April,all,Crucifixation to all Profligates,"There's so much I appreciate about  Wasteland 2's atmosphere and freedom, despite some of the tedious sections and writing. You have nuke worshipping monks, pistol packing priests, and my favorite character Lexcanium. A sorta walking thesaurus who constantly stutters multiple synonyms. The story and choices imrpove as the game progresses, but you have to slog through the more tedious beginning before the game starts to really role.There's a lot of freedom in how you build up your rangers which adds a lot to replayability, along with a large number of characters you can recruit to complete your ranger squad. It's completely possible to build a bad ranger, so don't be ashamed to look up a quick guide. I personally used a character editor to change characters I recruiter to better suit what my team as missing."
76561198052242622,Recommended,240760,15393623,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,lobstermadness,"This game was made for the likes of me, but why is the combat so simplistic?  It didnt need to be.  I could even live with the combat, but there's little reason to invest in anything other than ""intelligence"" in all of your characters.  Intelligence directly allocates skill points and skill points are everything in this game. It gets a thumbs up for the story and writing but just barely.Possibly the biggest disappointment for me in 2015, even though this is still a B- game over all."
,Recommended,240760,15395212,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Krillock,Im only a couple of missions into the game but here are my + and -+CHOICES+non linear story (to a certain extent)+non casual (acctually difficult)+turn based strategy+rewarding+NOT THAT MANY JUNK ITEMS (unlike in fallout3-NV where your inventory collapses into a black hole)+great inventory interface-traps EVERYWHARE-lacking ammount of customiseabillity-cant respec skills or attributes (annoying when you have a new party member that is more inproved in a skill than the original character you made for that skill)-overall slow gameplay (+but is due to intensive decision makeing)
76561197967095116,Recommended,240760,23524040,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Stick,"It's strange because I feel drawn into it and I want to play more but there are a bunch of little things that irk me.  A character starts with a rifle, an M1, that should be using 7.62 but it uses 5.56.  Then I find more rifles that use 5.56 but do less damage than a 7.62x51.  No.  Or a Makarov pistol (really nice touch by the way because I own a real one) that uses .38.  No, it uses 9x18.  If it used 9mm I'd let it slide.  The camera sucks but I still want to play more.  Standard fare quests but I want to play more.  However, there are some feel good quests that do make sense for the world we're in.I like the combat, it's simple but also offers some tactical maneuvers.  Use ambush and draw in the enemy.  Even my melee character can ambush from behind his cover.  Had a couple wipe outs, and a few close calls, I might even up the difficulty.  Friendly fire is a nice feature.Decent variety of character options.  I've got a melee bruiser, a Buddhist Rambo Kung Fu Surgeon, a charismatic lady leader, and a techy bomb thrower.I enjoyed watching my Buddhist Rambo punch a guy, land a critical, and his entire torso exploded, limbs and head flying off.  Lovely.Oh and a guy named Richard Stroker....It feels lively, like civilization can be saved.  I like whole Rangers angle, after playing some more I actually felt like my team was making a difference, we were part of something important.  Even saw the A-team which made me smile wide.It's a tad rough around the edges.  Good for a slightly older generation of gamer, there are some very nice tributes I've found so far that a teenager now may not pick up on.  Use some imagination to fill in the gaps and it's good fun."
,Recommended,240760,12310101,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,KATO,I bought this reluctantly only to discover it is a whirling vortex that consumes my spare time faster than a monster truck guzzles fuel.  If you're a fan of the original fallout games you NEED to buy this game!It has some bugs in some of the quest lines and it is a bit tedious walking back and forth through multiple maps at times but that's nothing compared to what we put up with in fallout.  Despite this I got a good 70hrs out of it and very little was frustrating for me.  You definitely won't regret the purchase.
76561198021844334,Recommended,240760,13814923,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,christiano.keller,"One word... AMAZING.I am just in the start to do this review, about 40h of gaming so far. There are a lot of things to check and alternatives to pursue. Replay seems to be a very good choice to see how different the things will be.It is an old school game, but the start is very good with the film that tell the story.Pros:+ It is a complete different game experience according to the team that you set up;+ the battle is very dynamic and fluid, the NPC addapt to your strategy (I am not saying that the AI is smart, it is in fact kind dumb)+ fun aspects os the side missions and deaths;Cons:- The old school is really great, but some new designs or technology on gaming would be welcome (I am not saying the game is bad or obsolete, but some more films or photo images, perhaps in the portraits would be good);Edited:After 120 hours of game play, it is... AMAZING.Really fun and a complete different experiance based on your choices.The game worth the price and time invested on it.Have fun!"
76561198052803550,Recommended,240760,12358871,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Blacksheep,Good Game :)
,Not Recommended,240760,13946188,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Meth or Mexico,"In a word: not worth $39.99The plot is good but too linear, the mechanism is unpolished.Though it's a rather decent game for a kickstarter, still this could be a better one.However it really does not deserve so many over-positive comments and that pricetag.Just wait for fallout4 if you like post a-pock-lips games."
,Recommended,240760,14290999,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Winter,"Overall (8/10): The true fallout 3Pros:- Great, long storyline with rewarding sidequests- Fallout fans favourite, the dark humor (exclude fallout 3 fans)- Freedom to choose your fraction, including destroy your own Rangers at the beginning of the game- Map, items, the decoration on the map, is just too detail and everything got a reason to be placed there and well described- Every small decisoon comes with consequences, you'll never notice until the end game story.- Worth buying during discount- You'll wanna play again after end game- The environment vibrance is outstanding- You can shoot the kids (juviles)Cons:- Unable to change the NPC attire, except your own premade rangers- The NPC can't comment humourly at the same time- Least armor option- Too frequent radio back to tower to level up, annoying.- Too many boxes with dynamites that doesn't even make sense- The 70% success rate in this game means 10%, you always get the failure and critical failure- The character optional looks are dull and limited, same goes to the inital available attires.- Annoying dog padding sound (only 1 type of voice)"
,Recommended,240760,14408610,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,fraidytwist2.0,An enjoyable game that has fixed most if not all problems of the original version. 8/10
76561198041812857,Recommended,240760,14814184,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,KJTB8,"When people go on about when FO4 is going to be released, I quickly point out that they shouldn't wait to be disappointed by bethesda, they should just buy Wasteland 2.  This game is aewsome.  Now, its not for those who never played older RPGs like fallout, and its not for those who only played them a little bit.  This game has been lovingly created by and for real CRPG fans.Its not perfect, but then, no huge RPG is - but its so close to perfect that it doesn't matter.BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198011997481,Recommended,240760,16693720,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Goatest of All Time,"I love this game, but I found myself playing less and less when I heard about the GOTY Edition. I could not be more pleased that the GOTY will even be a >>>FREE<<< upgrade. InXile, you have made a fan for life."
76561197991394048,Recommended,240760,17315705,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,andrewplay599,"I just started playing this turn base game, and so far it seems to be put together well. It runs smooth on my computer takes me back to the good old days of turned base gamers like baldurs gate 1 & 2. planscape torment, and icewind dale. This game is a must have for me."
76561198013949138,Recommended,240760,14495992,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,SandShark,Got defeated by a Giant Toad10/10
,Recommended,240760,17169463,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,huntaa,"I don't know what all the negative reviews are about. This game is very different to fallout, apart from the fact that it is a turnbased rpg set in a nuclear wasteland. The story is very unique, and in my opinion, very immersive. There are lots of items in the game that can be found and purchased, and for me, that's one of my favourite elements of Role Playing Games.I think this game is definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,240760,14141574,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BlackTiger0091,Great game
,Recommended,240760,14062356,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Spiderfork,THE ONLY TRUE GAME THAT CAN CHALLENGE FALLOUTTHAT AND IT FATHERED FALLOUTSUCK MY♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,240760,14102921,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,mrbreeze737,"wasteland 2 is all it was cracked up to be in my opinion.  this game is awesome all around, if you like turn based strategy and post apocalyptic settings you just hit the jackpot. one word of advice is save very very often, youll be happy you did. 10/10"
76561197961813949,Recommended,240760,14108108,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Un-Deadly,This game is a Blast!  Buy it!!
,Recommended,240760,14229415,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,[GbtP] Bootsy,One of he best games I have ever played.Worth the price. Has replay value.
76561197978337815,Recommended,240760,13973240,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,CRAGNAR,"I am happy to say that this was probably the best game I purchased off of STEAM for the entire year.PROS:~Super rich detail in everything.~Maps are huge.~Ability to create your own 4 person squad from the get go.~The ability to have a max of seven people in your party! How awesome is that!?~Lots of guns.~You can set up ambushes/surprise attacks. Also, attacking from higher ground and behind cover equals PWNAGE! I've even had enemies throw grenades at me from low ground only to have them hit something and hit their allies instead. Awesomeness for sure!~Every single skill is usable unless you don't want to. And that simply makes some aspects of the game much harder.CONS:The game is extremely well done, and the only issues I could possibly have with it are not being able to zoom in on the map display, which can make missing parts of maps an easy thing to do, leaving you wandering back and forth until you get frustrated. Then again, I may not have noticed where I was supposed to go. Either way, it's an extremely minor thing, especially when the maps for most places are quite huge, many consisting of other areas you have to travel to in order to search the area fully. The other thing I would have liked is voice acting for everything. But I suppose I am spoiled like many others these days, where pretty much every game out now has voice acting throughout.Overall, two little things that don't deter from my experience whatsoever."
,Recommended,240760,14151641,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Pandora,"An Excellent squad base overhead rpg.  Quite far into the game though it took me some time since the wealth of different skills and the feeling that you need to have them all.  I ended up restarted the first few hours quite a few times just to see if I could do better.Also I noticed from my few playthroughs that going about things differently can have a huge effect, barring stating any spoilers here I found that I was able to bypass a large section of the first part of the game by ingorance because the second time I played it went totally different and quite a bit harder.The story is also quite good and I have enjoyed my time so far with many ways to go about solving each part that you will be bound to find one that will fir your playstyle.Overall I highly recommend this game!"
76561198160470566,Recommended,240760,14154833,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,wyattw1400,"I like this game but it crashes the when the loading screen to Damonta finishes, send a message to my gmail if you have a fix for this Gmail:wyattw1400@gmail.com"
76561198107567157,Recommended,240760,17155390,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,th3dud3,Awesome when a great game comes around that finally puts more emphasis on gameplay and story than the graphics! tottally worth your time!
,Recommended,240760,14092985,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,moswald,"I can't believe how big this game is. I figured the trip to CA would be a short ""end game"" type mission sequence, but it's at *least* as big as the AZ missions."
76561198043403023,Recommended,240760,14140827,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,firstprincipal,Good story with pleanty hours of gameplay for your money.Controls are straight forward. A worthy follow up to the other turn based strategy games in the series.The only down side is that there's nothing revolutionary about the game. It's a modernised retro gaming experience.
,Recommended,240760,15792178,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Parcimony,"An amazing remake of the classic post-apocalyptic RPG of the same name, Wasteland 2 truly delivers when it comes to content.  Honestly, with all the crowdfunding games that under deliver, WL2 actually caught me by surprise with simply how much many locations and situations there are to discover.  This is a complete and well thought out game.Story wise, there are a lot of choices to be made among the ruins of the old world and the game excels at showing you the consequences of those decisions.  There is a location that became so story rich, I had to actually stop and think about the multi-layers of intrigue before acting on anyone’s request for help because the ramifications affected so many other characters.  (to be fair, this section was so involved that I found my trigger-finger itching for some combat but it was well worth it when it came)I also found the game mechanics deep and leveling characters was very satisfying.  There’s a ton of skills and your characters become focused on specific builds – one will be your safecrack/lockpick/alarm disabler and another might be your expert in assault rifles and demolitions – but I never felt limited when customizing.  What is equally surprising is that all skills come into play at some point and you are never required (mostly) to have a certain skill to progress through the main storyline; you always have options.All in all, a great time.  Be warned: it's a time gobbler."
76561198043667676,Recommended,240760,12170230,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,epernefferin,"I bought the original Wasteland when I was a kid and played it on my fathers apple iie, monochrome screen and all. It was glorious. Now 25 years later this is the first day-one purchase I have ever made. And I'm glad to say, at least to me, it ""feels"" like what I would have expected Wasteland's sequel to be..."
76561198041662726,Recommended,240760,11040121,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,PhantasyPH,"I currently can't do anything on my save file whenever I talk to a quest target or go into battle my game just freezes. On the top of the screen the words ""this is a message"" is stuck there. I just finished highpool and went to the ag center and talked to the lady in the plant and it freezes. Along with going to the wrecking crew headquarters, entering a fight, and having it freeze on the first one that moves"
76561198034630212,Recommended,240760,12328109,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Taco Turtle,"For people who enjoy strategy and rts games like the original fallouts or xcom. This game is simply amazing. Through one playthrough I managed to sink in about 49 hours and still had a bunch of content left untouched. Infact I actually finished the game early simply because I took a wrong turn. So for those worrying about content, worry not. This had more than enough to satisfy you. On the flip side however, there are a lot of bugs in this game and I mean a LOT. All of them are solvable pretty easily but unless you save often I expect there will be countless moments of rage as a very specific quest condition isn't met requiring you to load to a previous save. Although this is beta the bug problem is still very real. But all in all it's still a great game and I recommend you to get it for the chance at spending an hour creating characters that you love and then losing them in the first encounter with wasteland creatures."
76561198165474090,Not Recommended,240760,13373554,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,paz.americano,"HiI like the game, but it constantly crashes... and now: it is not even starting anymore. Screen stays black all the way. this sucks!!!I payd for a game that crashes a lot, often in long fights, making you fight one fight maybe up to 4 times.I am already save-happy... I save everytime before something happends, converstion. fight, changing location, entering a new location, because the chance that it will crash are high!Garbage and makes you frustated."
76561198000686397,Not Recommended,240760,14800014,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,kubaabc,"Game started really well - as it would be expected by positive reviews.It had the great post-apocalyptic atmosphere, good story, funny characters, reasonable arsenal and decent HUD...BUTtowards end of Arizona and early in California it started bugging out and freezing. The further I went the more I needed to restart it ( now ~10-20 sec. after which it freezes - 5th location in Cali ). It's completely UNPLAYABLE at this point. I'm running a MacOs version. Don't buy unless major patching happens. Otherwise you'll be very dissapointed after spending many hours and being close to the end but unable to progress."
,Recommended,240760,14905971,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,MrHaugen,"Finally an RPG like to good old days! Those who loved games like Baldurs Gate and Icewind Dale will also love this one. At least for the majority of the game. I found my self kind of hoping for an end for the last hours. Because the story, location and more was a bit off. But the 100+ hours up to that point was simply great! The first part of the game was better than the second half all over. But I think that is mostly beacuse you felt so overpowered in the later parts of the game. Even with a harder than normal difficulty. There are a few bugs still left in the game, but not anything game breaking. Like the view suddenly acts up, and you have to reload. But those bugs happens so few times, that it's really not fair to put the game down because of them.If you love old time RPG and don\t mind quite a bit of save and load scumming, then this game IS for you."
,Recommended,240760,14909621,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,MadamPrezident,"As an RPG gamer, this blew XCOM out of the water for me, and I loved XCOM. XCOM +  RPG storytelling = Wastelands 2.  The best of RPG immersion, customization, and action-oriented turned-based gaming in recent memory."
,Not Recommended,240760,13928441,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,DreamEnder,Where's the tactics?
76561198141402327,Not Recommended,240760,15041443,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,ScootyPuff_Sr,"Beyond the multiple massive bugsBeyond the freezes and crashesBeyond the massive computer failuresBeyond the fact that there are hundreds of colorful NPCs but only 8 different caracter avatarsBeyond the save game failures that are game brakingBeyond the completely stupid story lines (at some parts)Beyond the fact they put in 400 pieces of clothing but no way of showing differnt armors.beyond all of that the game is still OK, yup just OK. This game would be amazing in 2008. But today its average.It lacks ALL of the magic of fallout."
76561198066170868,Not Recommended,240760,15754566,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Poopy Face Tomato Nose,"Not even close to Fallout 1/2. Boring gameplay, boring story, crippled interface. Just another kickstarter-based attempt to lure your money out of your wallet"
,Not Recommended,240760,13731528,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bruce Wirris,The game is engaging enough early on. Later it gets repetative and there is little variety in weapons. It's clear the assault rifles are the best gun you can use about 1/4 through the game. I couldn't bring myself to finish the game.Look for fallout 2 or Fallout Tactics if you enjoy RPG Turn based games like this.
,Not Recommended,240760,14977539,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,fuck,"Initially fun, combat gets a little tedious after a while. Doesn't run too well on my Macbook, despite the graphics being pretty outdated. Crashes a lot on OSX."
76561198171107071,Recommended,240760,15783578,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Vampseeker,"Good points* Excellent game, I have completed it once and will replay it.* It's a tactical game with ""many"" ways to solve a certain problem so save often just in case.*It's very deep in story and really sucks you into the world.Bad Points* I feel it needs more of a kind of tutorial to character building like lets you use your custom made team vs some AI enemies before starting the actual game, because I really didn't think too much about it and I had to restart my game after 10 - 15 hour of play time because of this error.* There are times when the movement wouldn't respond or cutscenes wouldn't end or start properly so, sometimes dialog or the enviroment text that pops up is skipped automatically.* I wish it would autosave before every fight encounter... seriously the ammount of times I had to reload because of grenades or rocket launchers hitting my team. ( unexpected yes, but come on!! 3 steps forward enemy makes a noise AHAH! Whoosh BANG 4 / 6 party members are dead )4/5 stars for me it was a very enjoyable game"
76561198020205571,Recommended,240760,19531970,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,mikowaj,"100+ hours of pure awesomeness. Old school rpg with some modern adjustements.Mutants, cyborgs, huge robots mad AI and more. Dark, cyber-punk, post-apo lore with a lot of good humor. And the amount of content: the game is so long that at some point I just stopped thinking about the goal, I just played it like it was something I did for the last 10 year.Its been a while since I've seen something so epic. A true successor to both Fallouts.I would hang a poster of Brian Fargo in my bedroom if he was a bit more photogenic :PJust kidding, I love you man!"
76561198071927899,Recommended,240760,13875306,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Newblood,Reminds me of the good ole' days of fallout with enough added content to justify a purchase
,Not Recommended,240760,14869120,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),"After finishing Wasteland 2, I decided to write a review.If you LOVED Fallout 2, you'll SORTA LIKE Wasteland 2!If you've never PLAYED fallout 2 and are interested in Wasteland 2, instead; go buy or at least look at Fallout 2, right here on Steam.This game kept me entertained for a solid 60 hours.... and then Hollywood... The buggiest land to exist in all video games, ever.For the most part, the game is a load of fun (just not Hollywood). Great detail, good pathing on almost all maps and the AI is fairly balanced, if not a little clunky at times....Wasteland 2's dialogue is sometimes some of the funniest stuff I've read in a long time. The random things NPC's say, etc. The storyline is serious and there's no slapstick comedy or anything like that, no poop jok---- well... okay, there are poop jokes but 95% of the game is serious and VERY well written.The camera, however, is downright awful and the towns interior maps are hard to keep track of without map markers.It feels rushed. Like this was supposed to be something much longer and bigger.They call it the spiritual successor to Fallout 2, yet my one playthrough of FO2 on steam yielded around 140 hours ish. This, only 75.My number one complaint is the ending credits(what happened to the world after you saved it slideshow)Even if you complete almost every task in the game, you won't get credit in most cases. The game will go against what you actually did; for example: I made a certain mercenary group become extinct, took over their prison and helped a town they were terrorizing. At end credits, the game had said that the gang I killed were stronger than ever and had never given up that town.-- 4/10 --The hours I've put into it make it worth the cost. If you don't have Fallout 2; go buy fallout 2 instead."
76561198157192817,Not Recommended,240760,14873552,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Alian95,Disappointed ... 3/10
,Recommended,240760,18345253,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Sgt Gregg,"This game allowed me to put skill points in the ""Smartass"" skill. I continued to put points into the ""Smartass"" skill for my entire team, and then tried to save a town from raiders that scored headshots on my Smartass Sniper, killing them, then they took out my Smartass Surgeon since I forgot to get medical equipment. My Smartass Stabber got beat up with a ""Hobostick."" The Smartass Squad Leader got shot after then making a smartass comment.I literally got killed because I was a smartass.10/10"
76561198049556149,Recommended,240760,8740756,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Guts,cant wait to see the final product
,Not Recommended,240760,12663250,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,gonzo,"I'm a huge fallout fan, so this game was highly anticipated for me. I tried playing the classic fallout games a few times, but unfortunately their age made the games far too slow and painful to progress through despite their amazing visual style and overall presentation. I picked up Wasteland 2 to fill that experience I always wanted, but unfortunately it just couldn't do it. Overall, the game is very unpolished, and just doesn't have the fit and finish I would expect from a game that's been in development for nearly three years.Incoming gripe-fest: I can't say too much on the story or progression yet, as I'm not too far into it, but I feel like the game keeps you in areas far longer than you should be in. The Ag center quest took me nearly SIX hours in total, and I don't feel like much was accomplished in that time. The quest system is fairly ambiguous as there are no map markers or anything to even send you in the general direction of a task. I've had bugs make me reload a save from nearly hours earlier just for it to happen again(pathfinding is wonky). The lack of lore is another thing that pains me. The game doesn't go too far into what's going on in the world other than forcing DESERT RANGERS! down your throat for the first hour. Scavenging is weird: there are SO MANY obvious loot crates just sitting around for no apparent reason other than to give you ammo- there is so much ammo that it is never a problem in the slightest. And on the off chance you actually find a hidden safe, for the most part it is RNG, so it is likely you will just find .38 ammo over and over again.The game does have its merits though despite being quite janky. There is a LOT to do, and for content-per-dollar, I'd say you get a lot out of it. So if you're looking for a game where there is tons to do and you can play it for hours on end, this is a good choice. However, if you're like me and enjoy games with a higher quality standard, you should steer clear-at least until the game is well patched. The game is definitely a fallout fan's paradise in concept, but it just can't live up to it for so many reasons. I could rant all day, but in the end the only thing that matters is: How big of a Fallout fan are you?"
76561197987866790,Not Recommended,240760,12604038,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Salamek[Archlinux],"Totaly overrated and overpriced piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥trying to build on legacy of fallout 1/2 and wasteland 1, playing this game is pure pain it the♥♥♥♥♥ in post apo and post WAR world in USA continent you are short of ammo all the time (there is more ammo on your grammas garden from WW2 then in this game available to you) 70% hit chance means you will miss in 4 from 5 and that one hit will be freindly fire for 70DMG (ofc on enemies you do only 20DMG) energy weapons are effective only agains amored enemies, so you will shoot rider for 4DMG (Total waste of ammo and points for energy weapons skill )There is no fun playing this game, its just pain and anger (you will find you self with fist 4cm from your LCD creen playing this, wishing you still had CRT screen you could punch to)If you want have fun playin some turn based RPG game, just buy and install Fallout 1/2, Gorky 17, Shadow Run returns or UFO series or Fallout 3/ Vegas, Metro if you like post apo, this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥is not rly worth your time or money...Worst game i ever buyd and played..."
76561198010571111,Recommended,240760,12178706,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Ith,"Tries to conjure nostalgia, but fails. If you're looking for an old school CRPG that's more fun and less annoying, I would go for Divinity: Original Sin"
,Recommended,240760,12804861,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Pealock,"Great mechanics, smooth gameplay, amazing story.Very similar to Fallout Tactics.Hard.9/10"
,Recommended,240760,12651790,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Lpzie,Good game for good people.
,Not Recommended,240760,12666909,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Orc,Failsaur
,Recommended,240760,10273066,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Revan Tair,"Getting better and better,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Love it!"
76561197964453942,Recommended,240760,9857775,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Glutes,"It's fun, but unless you play it all and beat what is out there before a huge update it's not worth playing till it's finished. Had my Saved data purged twice now due to these large updates."
,Recommended,240760,12301437,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,dontstopme,"I convinced a goat to follow me around from the start of the game and a DNA analysing machine screamed ""HAIL SATAN"" into my face, telling me I had the ""mark of the beast"".10/10 would hail satan again."
76561198129919319,Recommended,240760,33932412,Posted: 31 July,all,adrianchioto,"I reccomend this game, it is a must play for any faloout fan. It is not perfect, however and I'm starting to think that F2 will never be surpassed. Athmosphere wise it comes very close to F2, but the gameworld seems less complex than F2. The difficulty curve is a bit crazy at times, but that's a good thing as it adds to the challenge.Triying to keep short so forget about F3 or 4 (maybe new vegas) - but this instead. Dialogue-wise and quest-wise this game is lightyears apart from those."
,Recommended,240760,12431928,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,NostalgiÖgasm™,"Phenomenal, just what I had expected and more.After 50 hours I have finally beaten the game and that with skipping some side quests mainly in the second half of the game, Rarely does a game give you so many choices alot of which are tough moral choices that have very real effects on the game, every NPC except on is killable (The commander in Sante Fe), you can play the game in every way you can think of and killing everyone or betraying the rangers are legit options that you can make and they wont stop you from progressing in the game (they will make the game harder though and I am going to start a game where I am going to kill everyone right after I finish writing this) and dont think killing everyone doesnt have benefits, unlike in other games if you kill a marchant all of what he was selling is takeable.Some people claim that the combat is the weak part of the game but I have to disagree, the combat feels great, it can get annoying sometimes with some extremely hard fights and with some enemies being able to run completely insane distances.The story is well writen and there is not a single ""bad guy"" that fights you because you are evil no one is really bad or good, most of the people in the game are in the grey area, they are all driven by ideology,religion or another motivation and even stories of tiny side quests often have interesting plots and twists.Everything you see is described in a log of sorts in the lower right side of the screen which adds to the over all immersion of the gameNo game comes without flaws though, the game is often buggy mainly in the second half of the game, the game also lacks voice narration and has alot of text which resulted in me skipping alot of text, also alot of times when confronted with a moral question by a so called ""bad guy"" alot of times it felt to me like I can only say that I agree with him or something that sounds like ""What you are doing is injust and we fight injustice"" when I actually didn't really play the good guy, I was very much in the grey area, doing things the rangers don't approve of and even lieing to my command after killing civilians and often avoiding the peaceful solution and dealing with problems guns blazing and there was not really a good way to represent the fact that what the bad guy is doing has no benefit to me, at least in my opinion.Over all this is a one of the best games that I have ever played, everything from the atmosphere to the gameplay is awesome.10 Repaired Toasters/10."
,Recommended,240760,14617261,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Brownfingers,"If you enjoyed the original Wasteland, and the original Fallout...you're bound to enjoy at least most of this game.  Now that the major bugfixes have been released it's so much more enjoyable to play.  Give it a shot."
76561198176971553,Recommended,240760,14630611,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Black Canary,"I've only got 13 hours into this game so far, but I can tell I'm going to be playing it for a long while. I love that i can upload pics to really customize my team of rangers. This'll help with the ten years before Fallout 4 comes out."
76561198151517939,Recommended,240760,14654361,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Autismus Maximus,"This game may quite possibly be among the greatest games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. It is challenging but at the same time rewarding. An amazing addition to the post-apocalyptic genre, true to its predecessor. If you enjoy guns, nukes, and countless hours of exploration then I would without a doubt point you towards this game.9.9/10 but that only because it sometimes crashes and I lost 10 hours of gameplay."
76561198016664611,Recommended,240760,14656860,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Echodyne,"Wasteland 2 took me by surprise.  It's got a great old school feeling to it in terms of overall style as well as gameplay mechanics.  It's also a little on the difficult side compared to most newer games which also adds to the old school feel.  It's a narrative driven turn based combat game, and it's got a unique charm to it.  You can tell the devs got some of their soul in this one.Highly recommended."
76561198068736545,Recommended,240760,14683001,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,policastro6,Wonderful Game.
,Recommended,240760,14700601,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,flabby,"A bit buggy on linux, but I throughly enjoyed the game."
76561197970933604,Not Recommended,240760,14306467,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,belisarius11,"Alot of potential, however, is not well crafted and comes off as unfiished and lacking many basic features which would of fleshed it out. Is not worth the current price of $40.00 +."
,Recommended,240760,14518192,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,decumos,"The game is epic. The questline is interesting, a whole bunch of quests could be completed with different solutions, dialogue system is amazing, the immersion is extremely good. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,240760,14571883,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,sdclark116233,Great game.  Really took me back & had a wonderfully huge world.  Thanks!
,Recommended,240760,14577398,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,CobraCommander,"Spent first 30 hours defeating first ""zone"" of the game.Progressed all the way to the next world map.Game breaking bug prevented any kind of progress on arrival in new map.Reloaded game, to an hour prior save, same bug happened.Instead of ragequiting for months untill I had worked up the desire to play again (which is what would normally happen to me in this situation with any other game), I shrugged, and restarted with a new party optimized for a wider variety of skills to the detriment of combat effectiveness, ramped up the diffuculty, and spent another 30 hours conqureing arizona again.Made it to the second world map, bug did not happen, the game became 100 times more fun with challenging enemies, interesting dialogue, and a whole slew of new adventures to have that make Arizona's map look like a friggin ghost town compared with Las Vegas.10/10 would glitch again..."
76561198054332805,Recommended,240760,14629805,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Lewt,"I play hardcore one life only.First gameDid well, found rare weapons, was becoming a badass of the wastes.Pressed a button, white light, mushroom cloud where citadel used to be. The desert rangers and I are now piles of ash blowing into the newly radioactive wind.10/10 will not let curiousity get the better of me again."
76561197991628952,Recommended,240760,14631439,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Flackvack,"Basically this game is a lot of fun and challenge for the most parts.But lacks some content which made Fallout and other similar games the best.Combat:One of the biggest downs is the non avaible sneak mode. Once your spotted (and you will be at a very long range usually)every enemy near the one who spot you will enter combat. That part is okay i guess, because if you get spotted by an enemy human guard IRL i guess he would scream for help and the other would still be coming because of the gunfire.But usually there is huge open areas which are impossible to sneak through without taking a totally different way which anyhow leads up to a combat situation just from an other entry point.So forget about playing sneaky because there are no stealthboys in this game.And also the hit ratio seems messed up (or im just really unlucky).Questing:I have really enjoyed the quest, its no pointing fingers in this game. You just get a general tip of the whereabout of whatever you'r searching for. It's no arrow pointing you exactly to the location to go. Which is really nice.If you do the ""right"" thing in a questline its a huge chance you end up with better supplies and another follower to your party (which is always nice because combat is unforgiving, if you play on normal or ranger difficulty).Lots of random loot you find will be of interest to various NPC's throughout the world (not the junk items, altho it says in tooltip that you never know who might be interested in a junk item. Still haven't found any use of em)World:Like many others said before me, its too much space with not enough content. And too many preset combat situations when walking on the map from zone to zone.Bugs: With the most recent patch i havent encountered many. Just one where monk suiciders go through stairs and walls.Overall: 6/10 Lots of fun but without enough depth to satisfy you'r RPG experience. Too much sloppy work on character development (like there are only a few of your party members on whom you can customize pants, jacket and hat) Many of them got just preset apperance."
,Recommended,240760,14653520,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Pianticella,"I've always been a fan of post-apocalyptic RPG's and tried the original Wasteland manymanyyears ago.  I was excited when I first heard of the sequel, and it did not disappoint! The gameplay is very good, the story really captivates you, the characters are very well made, and every little choice you make affects the overall story.My only complaint would be that sometimes I couldn't figure out how to reach certain outcomes. (For example, I ended up getting an entire town accidentally destroyed, because I couldn't find the entrance of the place I needed to enter, and I left the town)Overall, I think the game is worth the money, and definitely worth my time. I can see myself playing this all the way through multiple times just to see all the different storylines."
76561197974790041,Recommended,240760,14657728,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,d.33p ST8,"A truly epic and rewarding experience. If you take the time to do and read everything, expect at least 150 hours to complete. The sheer number and variety of endings for the game directly reflect the choices you make while playing. I could hearald the game on all its greatness, but I don't want to write that long of a review...lol 10/10"
76561197960813882,Recommended,240760,14672123,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,-=Icy=-lR,"fantastic, wonderful, exectly how i imagined it should be.Please buy the Jagged Alliance Frenchise and make a new JA2.Assaf"
76561198025642029,Recommended,240760,14707334,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mops,"Brilliant. Tons of content, solid core gameplay, good art direction, very good writing. Money well spent."
76561198090910713,Recommended,240760,14842771,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Logos,"OK, I've had it; this game cracks me up.I test all the boundaries, turning over every rock, and the developers and writers have satisfied me every time. I think, ""I bet if I go back and check out this area the same dialogue will be present as if nothing happened."" WRONG. This team has impressed me every time!And all the mature humor, and little odd-n-ends just make this game even more enjoyable. Like seriously, whats up with the rubber toy? And why on that particular character? These things have been making me laugh out loud too much for what could be a serious wasteland survival game. I really read almost every line of text in this game, and look foward to even the descriptions for junk items.This game is challenging, filled with content, and highly enjoyable. Much recommended."
76561198018277440,Recommended,240760,11514779,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Revoker,"This game is fantastic, and the recent update just added some touches and polish that will make this game a true enduring classic, if you like RPGs at all then this is well worth the $60 price tag."
,Recommended,240760,11426737,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Disgruntled Fun,"It's slow but very emersing and enjoyable if you like the style of game this is. The skills system works well and the combat is hard but fun. Getting the tactical advantage is the key to the game's combat aspect. There are a lot of other things here than just combat as well. Trading, looting, speach challenges and more are all parts of the game and they make it a complete experience. If you aren't into this type of game then I wouldn't recomend it for you. I'd give it a Five out of Five easilly."
,Recommended,240760,15587828,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Nibbles,"Really enjoyable.Doesn't even do anything particularly new or special, it's just as fun as a bag of willies.(Bags of willies are very fun btw)"
76561197979421623,Recommended,240760,11696630,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Back Door Bandit,now that its running WAY better its one to play
76561198027142229,Recommended,240760,11745494,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Danel  Lo Gris,"The beta version of this game thusfar is buggy, but amazing. obviously upon release the bugs will have been hammered out (mostly). I found myself glued to the computer for hours, and heres to hoping many more will be spent glued. Heres also, to hoping for more settlments, customization, dialouge choice, and many many other things, thusfar I recomend, good job."
76561198106854866,Recommended,240760,11761085,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,nbetcher6922,best thing since fallout 2 and jagged alliance 2
76561198030733621,Recommended,240760,14088335,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Cyrus Deacon,"I don't give amazing reviews of games often. But this is a must have game for anybody who likes long games and likes to use their heads. The story line is just amazing, but I hope you like to read. This game will make you think and punish you if you just want to click through it. Just buy it and play it. Period.Note* I feel like playing this game on easy or normal would not do this game justice. I am playing it on Veteran. Great challenge and I have found myself wondering how I am going to proceed with limited supplies and such. Also, you can seriously ♥♥♥♥ your game up at the very beginning. Characters get perma-death and if you don't have the characters or resources to proceed, this game can become unbeatable. Be smart!9/10"
76561198010137032,Recommended,240760,14095454,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Blade,"I loved this game , my game of the year 9.5/10.A strategic turn based rpg in an awesome setting, great story ,tough choises to make and gritty humor.Anyone knows of similar games? , please let me know im going cold turkey."
76561197978024377,Recommended,240760,12762301,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,shaseki,Engrossing and excellent turned based strategy. Takes me back to the time when I immersed myself into the Fallout series in the 90's.This game has a unique and twisted storyline where around every corner it will give you vivid descriptions of what you've come across and often hilarious verbal communication with AI.This is a must for any apocalytic love jockey or turn based strategy enthuse..... 9/10
,Recommended,240760,12848292,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Charismatic Stallion,"An interesting RPG similar in mechanics to Shadowrun Returns with a bit more complexity and scale with less reliance on player-made content. Though not all NPCs are voiced, the ones that are are done decently enough, and unvoiced characters are well-written enough. There's plenty of reference humor to movies and other pop-culture without dating itself too much.Wasteland 2 is great for fans of the post-apocalyptic setting, and manages to capture the struggle for survival just a bit better than the Fallout series, in my opinion."
,Recommended,240760,12866102,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DamagedAvatar,"Fallout had to be one of my favorite series that I've ever played. However, I could never get into the older titles (Fallout 1, 2) because of how dated they were. inXile has blended the best elements of both old and newschool games, creating one of the best adventures I've experienced in a while. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is even remotely interested in it."
76561197971019221,Recommended,240760,16495198,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dugz,"This is a good game. It's clear that the devs put massive amounts of work into this amazing RPG. It took me a little while to really get going with this game, but now I am enjoying every minute of it. Drive on Desert Rangers :D"
,Recommended,240760,17283462,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"This game was incredibly addicting, quite honestly. The game was challenging, and it had a pretty detailed story. The only real downside here is that the graphics aren't that great, but for a turn-based strategy game what can you really expect? This is a game I would highly suggest to anyone looking for a post-apocalypse shooter. If you're a Fallout fan, this may very well be a game you're into, as the Wasteland series is actually what the Fallout series was a spinoff of. I can easily give this game a 9/10."
76561198006749995,Recommended,240760,18578366,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,SCHIZO 27,Excellent game cant wait for the next installment.
,Recommended,240760,15660190,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,-⑨- Fluo,"If you loved original fall out games or original wasteland, you'll love this"
76561197970676461,Not Recommended,240760,15041615,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Oranthal_J_Simpson,"Utterly mediocre, with terrible combat."
76561198073213855,Not Recommended,240760,14394670,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mad Jacq,"Have tried to get into this game now 2-3 times and it's not working for me.Interface with the party members moving together and separate is awkward--especially when arcane puzzles require your characters to be all over like at the early AG center quest (but then they can move together through doors to other areas? How can you separate party members then have them teleport back together when one leaves an adventure map?Combat is awkward on a grid w/o hex. Mobs pretty much cover the entire map in one turn so good luck with a distribution of your melee and ranged characters.Many different skills are great, but it's awkward when you have things like safe requiring either computer skill or safecracking depending on type which must be perceived first followed by counter-intuitive things like using demolition skill to clear traps and such.Most of all really is the poison time limit they place on you in aformentioned Ag center quest. Solve all these arcane puzzles and fight all these awkward battles to avoid your party dying of a time limit disease. There is a reason I enjoy turn based games. I don't need time constraints. Game is just not clean and clear. If you want to add complexity to the game that is fine but you need to clear up your interface first.I LOVED Fallout and XCOM and this just isn't anything like them really. Really disappointed."
,Recommended,240760,19532910,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Coldface,It's a better Fallout 4 than Fallout 4.
76561198027755145,Not Recommended,240760,14413284,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Pussywillow,It would be a fun game - if we werent (re)downloading a gig of patches a month...
,Recommended,240760,15731859,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Vandrel,"Purchased this game during early access and followed it for quite some time on Kickstarter.  It's been an absolute pleasure being able to not only help support this great company but also rekindle some of the old school feels of playing a top down RPG game designed by these folks.  It's brought back a lot of the late 90's Fallout memories and I've loved every second of it.Great game, great company, superb support for their customers.  Highly recommend the game if you're a fan of emersive RPG games."
76561198053503507,Not Recommended,240760,13515747,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,zephyr1,"Just finished a full playthrough of this game (med. difficulty). For the most part I really enjoyed this game and it does have a medium-high replay value as I really want to try different options in several quests. Now I'm done here are some high and low points.+ Fully customizeable characters (4) and followers (up to 3)+ Good assortment of weapons+ Variaty of weapon classes+ Lots of skills to master+ Rewarding challenges requreing some thought to strategy+ Freedom to explore region inbetween missions.- No apparent way to use weaponsmithing to make your own ammo- Extremely disapointing ending (buggy?)- Absurd pricing and scarcity of avaliable ammo- Some weapon specs dont make since (some higher tier weapon are actually weaker?)- In game characters (including yours!) seem very low resolution relitive to enviroment textures. (played native res of 2560x1440)- Not open ended completeing the storyline missions ends the game.I cant seem to figure out what is up with the ending. After winning the finnal battle General Vargus says to detonate the nuke. There is not nuke in the basment of the Citadel and the elevator does not work to return to the upper level. I tried reloading the game and it doesn't even reload to the area my characters are, it reloads outside the citadel. Really strange. I wonder if the latest patch (patch 5) just downloaded a couple days ago broke something?Obviously there are still some issues wtih this game and it does need some polishing/tunning/balencing done it. It really is a great game that I have had many fun hours playing. I do plan on playing through once more and I will be implimenting some mods I have downloaded from the nexus in an effort to do some tunning myself. I really hope InExile is able to fix the broken ending so you can actually set off the nuke and ""save the world"" through your self-destruction. Whatever...I guess its either a win/lose or lose/lose ending, your choice.Disappointing..."
76561198029978533,Recommended,240760,11991465,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,America_Yea,I highly recomend this game to anyone who played and liked fallout 1 or 2.  This game is what fallout tactics should have been.
76561198038622566,Not Recommended,240760,15372249,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,imajor,"XCOM was a big favourite for me, so I was looking for similar turn-based tactical games. Wasteland 2 was a disappointment for me, mainly because the combat is very boring to several reasons:- map is not properly designed for the combat, not enough cover (or something which looks like a cover turns out not to be a cover once the game turns into turn-based) in many cases simple open area- enemies have terrible AI, they just keep running towards you, until they are in firing range, then they start shooting someone randomly- melee is useless, most efficient is assault/sniper- no way to properly prepare for a battle, you cannot position your soldiers, because you don't know what is cover, and how the grid layout looks like (that only becomes visible when the game switches to turn-based)So after a while I realized that the most efficient is to use only weapons with long range (sniper/assault/heavy), and being defensive, just wait until they come close enough, and shoot them. Many of the combats was just going into position with the group, crouch everyone, shoot something with the sniper to initiate the battle, then keep shooting the closest enemy with everyone, without moving at all. No tactics, boring like hell. I was really trying to be more offensive, but it doesn't work.Story is OK, but the character progress is boring, you pick a few skills for each character at the beginning, and then just put skill points on those as the character levels up. Lots of the skills are just to open boxes for loot. Graphic could also be better.I played most of the time in offline more, so I played way more than just 0.3 hours."
76561198069171948,Recommended,240760,11690733,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Cell201135,Dug up a kids grave and then had to fight of the kids father along with the whole town.  11/10 would dig up grave again.
76561198073071760,Not Recommended,240760,12362144,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,vaticankarate,"A terrible mess with little to no redeeming qualities, this game looks and plays like a cheap Fallout clone from 2004. You have to wonder where all that budget has gone. A huge disappointment and one of the very few times I regretted buying a game.(I played for about 10 hours before I gave up on this - not sure why the count has been reset)."
76561198013852890,Not Recommended,240760,12376838,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,{SOS}rebelkansas,"i get 60fps which on most games isnt bad but everything is so laggy and when i move the cursor to move the unit i have to wait 1 minute and several clicks later till they move and same with combat , for such a simple game things should be much more flawless or put it in the $1 bin not worth $39"
76561197971437732,Not Recommended,240760,12380349,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,troysholt,"Loved the tactical combat dynamic and the western, post-apocalypic setting.However, the horribly bugged second half of the game and the post-final fight, short countdown to ultimate success or ultimate failure destroyed every good feeling I had about this game. Until they are fixed, I cannot recomend this game.Very disappointing after such a promising beginning."
76561197990525825,Not Recommended,240760,12384985,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,SweatyChalupa,"Is it just me, or does it crash like crazy on Mac?"
76561198035969675,Not Recommended,240760,12387383,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Draegnar,"Edit for the director's cut edition:One year and a director's cut after, the game still suffer of the exact same problems:- There was no UI improvement.- There was no character building rebalance: 3 attributes out of 7 are still useless.- There was no loot rebalance: Almost every container use the same random loot list.The Quirks and Perks system feels rushed and unimaginative: most are just small bonus without any effect on gameplay.In conclusion:The DC edition don't change anything meaningfull (sic).Wasteland 2 still feels like a cheap reboot of fallout tactics: it is an ok (neither bad nor good) tactical-RPG./End of edit4/10Wasteland 2 could be a great game but right now (october 6, 2014) it is rigged with too many bugs and balancing issues. IMHO, this games was not ready for full release.Pros:- Dialogues are well written.- The huge amount of references and nods to the 80s.Cons;- Not much strategy involved in fight, enemy AI is really meh...- A lot of skills feel redundant and artificials (5 of them are just for opening different type of door or container).- Attributes are balanced for min-maxing character, builds with 2 to 4 dump stats are recommended.- Weapon balance is terrible: Assault rifles are OP, Sniper and SMG are OK, there's only one good Energy weapon in the entire game, the rest is garbage.- Too much randomness in loot and skill success, savescumming will lead you anywhere.- Poor optimisation. For example, any activated alarm makes the game unplayable because of lag.- Bugs: a lot of bugged quests, inventory management problems (clicking dragging fail 2 times out of 3).- Lack of meaningfull choice: most quests are one-ended and those who aren't generally only leads to flavor consequences.Conclusion: this game need either a huge balancing patch or modding tool.Draegnar"
76561198035931997,Not Recommended,240760,12395602,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,chewdis,"Like all of the other kickstarter donors, I was really excited about the prospect of this game. Fallout 2 was one of my favorite games and I was craving more. Unfortunately, Wasteland 2 was a huge dissapointment for me. The game was extremely laggy on the lowest settings and the gameplay is less than refined. Many of the skills and items require a guide to figure out how things contribute to the game. I really wanted to play this game but quit a few days in because it was unbearable to play. I'm sure if this game was developed by a major studio with decent resources that it could be very enjoyable. In short, good concept but terrible, terrible execution."
76561198122847628,Not Recommended,240760,12287817,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,jb,crash crash crash on osx. unplayable.
76561198062371833,Recommended,240760,13680846,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mr.Android,"I like the setting, I like story, I like the gameplay, I like the gore, I like the character builder, I like almost everything. But like always there is one big thing what the developers have messed up really bad.There are many Recruitable NPCs who are too squishy concerning their attributes and skills. Some RNPCs (or even everyone?!) don't have the same amount of attributes like your selfmade characters. Why?! I don't know... Furthermore their attributes don't fit to theit skills.And another point... There are still too less RNPCs. Before starting a game, I figured out how I want to play the game. I've read on some community-sites, that you should match your selfmade NPCs with the RNPCs who are waiting for me in the wastelands.With the given RNPCs I am not able to play the game as I want, not so satisfying. There are always some skills missing I'd like to have in my party. For example I'd like to have all three speech kills (Smart♥♥♥♥♥ Kiss♥♥♥♥♥ Hard♥♥♥♥♥ but then I don't have enough skill points to spend on other important skills.I hope there will be a patch who changes it.The combat system could have been much more interesting. It only contains very basic stuff and in most cases the AI isn't very smart. Sometimes enemies are looking for cover but it happens very often that they stand in front of you with no cover. Melee fighters are always rushing to your party, even it is very obvious they won't survive it. Enemies with pistols are also quite stupid. They run to you and try to shoot you, even if you have more guys alive. Riflemen and snipers are smart and take cover and try to get higher positions than you.Anyway, it's a good RPG with many choices and possibilities. I'm playing it currently on Ranger-Difficulty (3rd difficulty of 4) and I must say, it's still pretty fair. Combat is challenging, but you always find enough equipment to patch your guys up.The atmosphere very good, most RNPCs have unique dialogues which are quite funny. All the descriptions you get during the game are also so good. There is very much too read, but it's worth the time to spend with it.So the points which deny a ""very good"" or ""excellent"" are:- too less RNPCs- RNPCs with bad attributes and skill which are not matching the given attributes- just basic combat system- ""bad"" AI (for melle and pistol fighters)Oh, and on ranger difficulty you don't want to miss your outdoorsman-skill. :)"
,Recommended,240760,13842206,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Tiller,"I started digging up graves, the whole town was horrified over this and tried to kill me 10/10At first I wsn't sure I liked it as much as FO and FO2 i plaayed years ago, but as I play more and more I find it addicting.  Story is kind of slow at the start but it's starting to pick up now. I recomend it to any fan of turn-based RPGs."
,Recommended,240760,11983160,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,zinchalk,"Do you like Fallout 1 and 2? Do you like turn based strategy? Do you like repairing toasters? Then you should get this game, you idiot."
,Recommended,240760,13872963,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,AZ19999,"This is really fun game, when i play this, it just reminds me a of a crossover between Mount and Blade and Shadowrun.The game ""travel"" system is like mount and blade where you take your group on a journey through the wastelands of arizona trying to do all the nobel stuff that rangers do. The problem is that you have to avoid radiation and check your water levels so you dont die of thirst or radiation poisoning. while that may seem easy it can be pretty annoying to have the shortest route blocked by radiation and to take a detour means that you have to waste all your water and you end up with a dehydrated and tired group walking into an encounter. The encounters on the map are about as annoying as pokemon, imagine walking through a big grass field for an entire game of pokemon, imagine how many encounters that would be. EXACTLY! Besides those issues the world map is very well done and contains many other things to find like travelling merchants, treasure and watnot.The encounters are completely random, but most of the time you'll just be fighting either, bandits, animals, etc... but for the others it can be things like merchants, towns etc... so you get the point of encounters.The character leveling up system is interesting, at the start of the game you can either pick from a list of default characters or customise and create your own. it gives a pretty balanced set of skill and ability points to start you8r character on a certain playstyle. At the start of the game it will provide ytour characters with starting weapons based on their skills. To level up simply get enough XP and then use your radio(explain later) to call command, they will says soemthing like  ""CONGRATZ YOU GET A PROMOTION"" then you get the appropriate ability points to use one your character(s).The Radio is a unique part of the game, you use to pick-up sidequests, recieve calls/updates from command, and get issued field promotions. you will just get random transmissions, important dialoge and other watnot from the radio, also the frequency changes by itself so you dont need to worry about that.Combat is much like certain classic games, your characters initiative skill determines what order your turn is in, and works as a top down turn-based rpg. all of your actions require Action Points so it's important to conserve them, any excess points will be carried over to the next mission.not gonna talk about the storie because spoilers mate GO PLAY IT YOURSELF!so yeah...9/10 would kill a raider again"
76561198032583913,Recommended,240760,23645131,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,fpgrgurich,It crashed my imac 3xtimes.  I had to hold the Shut Down on back of computer.
76561198046704321,Recommended,240760,11690609,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Blackfly,"Finally broke 100 hours with this gem.  This game is EXACTLY what was promised, and delivers where it counts.  Fans of the original game and the post-apocalyptic genre should eat this right up.  There's at LEAST 25 hours of content in the Arizona portion of the game.  With that being the halfway point we're looking at a 50+ hour game which is more than most games today will give you for the pricetag.  There were no corners cut or shortcuts taken and it's very evident in the late beta.  The game is highly polished and the bugs are (almost) gone!  The expectations are very high for release (Sept 19th?) and I fully believe InXile won't disappoint.Synopsis:  You are a freshly recruited Desert Ranger in the post-nuclear wastes of Arizona, USA.  Welcomed and rushed straight off to investigate a prominent ranger's death and complete his critical mission, the game wastes no time showing you the harsh and dangerous environment that is the Wasteland.  Through use of skills, combat, dialogue, and cunning, you will forge a unique path through the wasteland and write your own story as a member of the Desert Rangers.  Of course there's mutated plants and animals, killer robots, raiders, cannibals, thugs, and radiation clouds to keep you company along the way.The Game:  Unlike most games that ease you in with kiddy missions and tutorials, this game slaps you in the face.  ADAPT OR DIE is the theme for the first few run-ins with the bad men and creatures of the wastes.  If you're unlucky enough not to recruit a special friend before setting out, you'll be lucky to survive to the first real location without a ridiculous number of reloads.  On my first playthrough I was losing team members in the first 10 minutes.  Then I realized the coolest thing about this game:  You have to actually THINK.  About Everything.  The combat is highly tactical, and the choices have real consequences.  There's actually no way to do everything in one playthrough.  With each location you visit you'll make decisions that affect the rest of your game.  And the consequences don't show up until later, making your choices semi-permanent (you REALLY don't want to reload and replay the last 1.5 HOURS to fix that dialogue choice).  This is one of the most immersive top down TBC RPG games I've ever played.  It is very much a spiritual ancestor of the Fallout series, but the playability is very much with the times.  You can also have a party of up to 7 members, which is much more than other games have allowed, but furthermore in my playthrough of just the Arizona area, I encountered 6 recruitable NPCs and I know for a fact I missed at least 1 due to a choice I made.  So there's probably upwards of 12-15 characters you can add to your party throughout the game, which is a  TON!  And there's so many ways to do everything!  Locked door?  Pick it, bust it down, or find the key.  Broken robot? Fix it mechanically or hack the cpu.  There's a real sense of reality applying in this world.  If it makes sense, you can probably do it.  I must commend the developers for that specifically, as it's frankly an amazing thing to see in a game.  Also, in many situations you can avoid combat alltogether, or you can choose a side and manipulate the outcome, so there's just as much variation to the game strategy as there is to the skill use.  It feels very complete in the way of forging your own path.Combat:  The combat in this game is a bit more complicated than your typical tactical turn based game.  Aside from the usual Action Points system for movement/weapon use, you also have to deal with weapon jams, your NPCs going rogue and doing whatever they want for their turn, and rampant friendly fire if you don't watch your angles.  The only way to avoid this (and you can't ever avoid it entirely) is to invest survival points into your weapons and leadership skills to minimize the chance of jams/rogue turns.  Some may find this a frustrating addition to combat, but I find it adds a great depth and believability to it.  To compare the combat to something, I'd say it's similar to XCOM but with more of a Fallout RPG focus, so it's not nearly as hard once you get the hang of it.Overall this game is what Post-Apocalyptic gamers have been waiting for since Fallout 2.  If you enjoy turn based games and love the genre, it's bound to become one of your favorite titles for any number of reasons.  The story is huge, the choices are real, the combat is deadly.  Do you have what it takes to be a Desert Ranger?"
76561198035707258,Recommended,240760,23510756,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TrafaglarLaw,"The rpg element of this game is reminiscent of how a tabletop rpg functions. I have played this game and became easily engrossed. The post-apocalyptic setting comes across pretty well too.There is certainly plenty of action and tactics to be had in this game, however, the puzzles it presents are sometimes tedious to figure out. Whether it is because you don't have your camera rotated the right way to see the interactive elements, or because you have to travel through three map sections just to get the piece to solve the puzzle (and then travel back) there does seem to be a bit of tedious work at times.The instruction-as-you-go tutorial works fine. It isn't too obtrusive if you don't want to look at the tips. However, it is a basic tutorial and some of the things you have to figure out yourself. Such as the green and red bar above weapons indicates optimal range values.I wish there was multiplayer for this game but unfortunately there isn't. I think it would be a lot of fun  for a group of friends to each control a character, but whatever."
76561198081693124,Not Recommended,240760,12245365,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Sweetfeet,"I love this sort of game, but to be honest, I am disappointed. I understand how to play, after 15 hours, and I am sick of long battles with minimal resources searching for what I am supposed to do next.With more testing, culling boring missions, and making key quest items easier to find would save a lot of frustration.I paid for this game, but after 15 hours, I give up: it's not worth it."
76561198016438249,Not Recommended,240760,12297561,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,nick.hristov,"Still quite buggy: fails to launch consistently on Mac (blank black screen). Game is punishingly difficult to the point where it is not actually fun (beyond challenging). Still, I keep on playing when I can and that is something: the content and story are compelling; the dialogue is well written and the player is not treated like an idiot. The bugs kill the entire experience: you can play for an hour or so, and then the game crashes (and you lose all progress)."
76561198031459474,Not Recommended,240760,12342621,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,haplok,"I would love to recommend this game.Unfortunately I cannot. It was advertised as a spiritual successor to Fallout 1 & 2 and sadly it is nowhere near the quality of these games.Given the credentials of the creators of this game, the fundamental issues it has have been a major dissapointment to me.I could look over the simple, passable if shallow combat system in what was supposed to be a crpg, but mostly is a tactical squad shooter.But hopelessly shallow and illogical crpg mechanics I cannot forgive.The attributes are very weak and have very little impact on gameplay, like maximum 10 Coordination gives +10 to hit - about as much as 1-2 ranks in the respective weapon skill. And less then what 1 weapon mod can give you...Speaking about skills, this system is awfully shallow, with no connection between attributes and skills. Yes, your 1 Strenght wimp will be just as good at bashing doors open, as a 10 Strenght champion strongman. Or your 1 Charisma cavemen will talk just as smoothly as your 10 Charisma face. There is a large number of skills, many of which are redundant (medic and surgeon, lockpicking and safe cracking, perception and outdoorsman, to a lesser degree the separate combat skills for each weapon type).Out of the attributes in the end only the derived stats Action Points and Combat Initiative really count.There are no perks/traits/talents.There is actually little incentive to keep levelling after the first 20 levels or so. As the skills check difficulty will invariably rise as the game goes on and only the highest skill ranks are worth anything,  you need to split the skill load between charcters. So on each level you get some more hp and some skill points, which you assign to the same skills you have chosen for each character at the beginning of the game. The levelling process could just as well be automated.Oh and you get a stat point... every 10 levels.There are no range accuracy modifiers, no aiming at and disabling different body parts.Terrible, random loot. What's with the hordes of containers and safes! spread seeingly randomly all over the place? Was it raining safes in Arizona or something? That's beyond silly. Oh and when you finally diffuse that trap and beat that impossible lock guarding that chest/safe, you will certainly feel very rewarded when you find 5 bullets and a glass eye inside. Don't expect valuable stashes of old technology hidden by some bosses/factions/military organizations/research centers, not in this game, no. Only a handfull of bullets for you. Better buy your guns at the local vendor... oh and that power armor too.Actually maybe don't. Armor... suffice to say it's horrible. In the end game it's much safer not to wear any...I would love to change my opinion if the devs can ""fix"" this game. Unfortunately there is so much wrong with it, that it would be a monumental task. Still, one can hope. It is pretty much my favourite genre and the game has a lot of potential.But that makes its fundamental flaws that much more painfull to me. It was so near, but so many design choices make absolutely no sense...."
76561197970607311,Not Recommended,240760,12368477,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Flopy,"+ nice game mechanics- ugly graphics- bunch of bad uis- too many skills of same nature- expensive game with only few voice acted lineNot worth the retails price, wait until you get it for less money."
76561198014845737,Not Recommended,240760,12369316,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Moter,"While I'm a big fan of turn-based strategy games ala Jagged Alliance, Silent Storm, Fallout, etc, I can't recommend this game in its current state.AI is such that enemies (unless equipped with a sniper rifle) will run straight up to your squad in order to inflict a to-hit penalty on your assault/sniper rifle squaddies, foregoing all cover on the way. This leads to repeated battles in which you move said squaddies 2 steps away, and kill said enemies effortlessly.Skill points are useless after around level 30 (3/4 through the game), as your specialized squad will have their assigned skills capped, and any more spending only results in overlap.There are still script/dialogue bugs to be fixed, as well as smaller issues such as items with grossly exaggerated weights.There are also some poorly-thought out mechanics:- ""Lost Control"" - NPCs that join you all have an inherent chance to go rogue, removing your ability to control them and imposing beeline-AI on their actions as described above.- Leadership skill - gives nearby squaddies a small chance-to-hit bonus within a small area, and reduces the chance for hirees to go rogue within that small area. Move those hirees outside the magic circle, and you risk losing control of them. Exacerbated by melee/ranged.- Animal Whisperer skill - you can tame animal companions... who don't have enough hp to survive one attack (and they will get attacked), and not only can you not control them, but some will attack, imposing beeline-AI as described above. The result? Expect any tamed companions to die in the next fight.Shelved until major update."
76561198029076482,Recommended,240760,18194123,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Space Lettuce,"I'll keep it short and simple, if you don't hate having fun, then buy this game...... I mean buy this game NOW!"
76561198018015128,Recommended,240760,18247817,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,bokke_commando,"Wasteland 2 is a fantastic open world turn based RPG. I had been longing for a proper follow up to my favorite turn based game, Jagged alliance 2, and with wasteland 2 I have finally found it.Wasteland 2 harks back to the good old days of TBRPG's, filled with great missions, clever dialogue, both written and spoken, and a really nice character creator tool. It takes place in a huge radioactive wasteland that despite being a, well, you know, a wasteland, is actually filled with many different locations, people and raiders to come across.The gameplay is fantastic, it takes all of the good things from all the greats like, Fallout, XCOM, and of course jagged alliance 1 & 2 and mashes it all up into this fantastic game that also looks very stylish which really helps immerse you in it's wonderfully crafted world.If you're like me and you've been looking for that old school Jagged Alliance itch to be scratched, look no further, this is the game for you.10/10"
76561198041105600,Not Recommended,240760,18164133,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Jahsus,Another game that should have been fantastic ... but instead is totally overpriced. Boring and extremely long winded ....
76561198031417572,Not Recommended,240760,18166927,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,mredge73,"I really wanted to like is so I forced myself to finish it.Worst part about the game is that you suffer for the decisions you made withen the first 5 minutes of play for the entire game.  You really need a character with a level 10 in every skill to do well in this game yet you are limited on party customization outside the new game screen.  Fallout Tatics and X-Com have a much better system for this where you simply recruit new characters.  Never really cared about any of the playable characters even though I was stuck with them the entire game.Second worst thing is that this is a split map, once you complete map 1 you cannot go back and pick up the pieces that you missed.  This sucks if you are a completionist.  Not only that you loose one of your best party members that you leaned on for roughly half the game.  I almost quit when this happened.If that isn't annoying enough there are some quests are just plain bugged and are not possible to complete.There is some interesting quests and choices that can be done in this game.  But progress in the storyline is very slow, and grinding at some points. Wasteland 2 is a long game, not because of the story but because of the pacing.Fallout 2 has great story pacing, never a dull moment; Fallout Tatics / X-Com has great squad based combat with ambushes staged around every corner; Wasteland 2 just failed to achieve greatness at either.It is just OK."
76561198010493630,Recommended,240760,18180301,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,[SLN]TheIrishPirate,"One of my best friends is a gaming hipster. I think we all might have one like him. He's the guy that says ""Well Fallout 3 was okay for what it was, but it wasn't Fallout. Fallout is a turn-based top-down game.""Wasteland 2 isn't Fallout (although if you look into the history of the game franchise you might see where I was going with my awkward intro story and how I got to this point on my caffeine-fueled gushfest) but according to my buddy, it ""should be."" According to him, this would be Fallout 3 just in a different package. Like New Coke if New Coke was made by the people who orignally worked on Coke, then left the company and made something else. Only then they went back to...you know what, I lost myself in my ramble.Wasteland 2 is a top-down, turn-based tactical RPG. While the graphics aren't as spectucular as those of say, X-Com, they aren't the main selling point of the game anyway. The selling point of this game is the fact that it lets you custom tailor a team of 4 starting Rangers to fit your own play style and then pick up some pre-generated recruits along the way to flesh out the rest of your team. Hell, they even have a pre-made B team that sits at the front gate picking their noses until you come back and sign one up after scraping one of your hand-crafted wasteland survivors off the asphault with a spatula after a fight gone horribly wrong.If you want a game that has a lot of voice-overs and flashy graphics, this isn't going to be the game for you.If you like post-apocalypic games where you can min-max stats and gear, then I would definitely recommend it. Hell, I know I have sunk a lot more hours into it than I'm proud of."
76561198006675058,Recommended,240760,18190457,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Bad-Aim,"For nostalgics and the prodigies exploring the wonderful world of the old turn-based fighting.- The main story sort of works for me but is frankly weak, it is quite obvious that the end is rushed which enda you feeling a little bit robbed.- Being a partially rushed game there are alot of difference between the zones, some are excellent and clever while the ones in the latter part of the game are simply plain.- Repetion, inventory management and searching every part of the map is the name of the game."
,Recommended,240760,12497561,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Sovereign,"Okay... So I love the whole Fallout Series... I just followed a ♥♥♥♥ing tortoise for 30 minutes until it walked into secret trap that screams like bigfoot and got some sweet gear... I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, it turned out to be a wet dream come true..."
76561198036070987,Recommended,240760,10686237,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gundarr,"10/10 I really enjoy this game takes me back to the old days, like when i would play other (now outdated) team rpg games like this with all my friends. we would have the game open but we each would role play a chracter in our group as we played, its a fun way to make a single player game into a co-op game. Anyways this game has it all compelling story, mix of awesome characters, interesting world with plenty of secrets, and many many more staples of an spectacular game! for sure i wold pick this up now on the summer sale if I didnt already own this!"
,Recommended,240760,10439514,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Schotty,"Fun game, definitely worth playing if you were into the Fallout series.  Havent gotten that far, but having a blast.  Not for the younger ears, as there is a rather coarse language set :PWorks beautifully on Linux.  Haven't tried using a controller -- yet."
76561198032078836,Recommended,240760,8061840,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,b_rent,"Lots of fatal errors and bad camera angles, Compared to the first game the graphics are 10 fold but this is 2013, I like the game so far and understand its in beta but I get errors and its hard to understand whats going on some times, Not worth the 59 bucks thats for sure wish I could get money back until its complete, I just hope that they dont mess up the Torment game they come out with the Original Torment still holds up with games of today with its quality and storyline."
76561198027806047,Recommended,240760,10666270,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Duper,"Great game, can't wait to see it finished."
76561198049949381,Recommended,240760,23610168,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,lancelot2001ca,"Excellent game that comes close to a real role playing game. I have not played through the entire game yet, but I presume there are different paths you can take and several different endings. A solid game.A good buy, especially if you liked the first one back in the days."
76561198047688857,Recommended,240760,10194960,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Fallen Phoenix,"this game is one the best games i have ever played. it is rare that you find a game were you don't mind starting over, because with wasteland 2 every play through is so much diffrent and the choices you make will change the out come of the storie alot. so long stary short i give this game 5 stars."
,Recommended,240760,10291632,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Above FrostBite,Yes you need to get this game if you like Fallout whatsoever it's worth the money. But at first it's hard to understand but after about half an hour you'll get it and it's FUN!!!
76561197981117284,Recommended,240760,9975827,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Slimeplay,"After reading the reviews I thought about waiting longer before I bought this game. I can say I am sure glad I didn't. I played it for the first time last night 4/29/14 and I was blown away. I must say first that it still feels like an unfinished game; which it is. I was able to look past that and I can see where this game is headed and they are taking it in the right direction. Fallout 2 is my favorite game, and though this does not take place in that universe, it still manages to capture the spirt. I highly reccomend."
76561197983666029,Recommended,240760,10084519,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Sackrahphicial,"Love the game, concepts are amazing, depth of character development is great too. only down fall is it keeps crashing my system, so I can't get very far."
76561198025041058,Not Recommended,240760,12370738,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,BubbaDave,"Interesting world and plot ruined by frustrating bugs. So many crashes, so many hangs, so many times when suddenly no controls are responsive.... It's a shame, because I enjoyed the heck out of Fallout and Fallout 2 and was looking forward to this... But I think this is where I give up and uninstall and hope that in a few patches it becomes playable."
76561198012848454,Not Recommended,240760,12331545,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,bogartnoir,"Others have said it better than I will no doubt.  If you want a nostalgic walk down memory lane with a well rendered post apocalyptic setting this fulfills that.  There is a lot of great writing, jokes, easter eggs that made the game fun.  The main complaint I have is that it isn't enough for my personal taste between the other large percentage of the game which is shoot, run in circles and countlessly click skills.  I find Fallout to still be a meatier meal for my time.  To be honest, I've only reached about half of the content so far, but shoot, run in circles, click - rinse and repeat is just not for me."
76561198027059793,Not Recommended,240760,12365254,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Drakhun,"Overpriced for what it is.  The UI is clunky, frequently non-responsive, and clumsy.  Nothing is explained (like you start the game out and you have no indications how to even move!)  Navigation is needlessly difficult, and the game seems to do everything in its power to make you miserable with the play experience (have fun running out of ammo often, characters dying constantly, missing shot that you should make, and going broke trying to keep characters up).  If you're desprate for a game of this style, it's passable, but I'd wait for it to go down to a price of 10 dollars or less, because it has all the gameplay flaws of something as old as the original, and little of the charm of a 90s game"
76561198098137109,Not Recommended,240760,12458771,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,allofmygames,"Disappointed, too slow and clunky.  Poor combat and zone transitions."
76561198104343371,Not Recommended,240760,12322059,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Meowmix,It was just a let down and if you're new to the game it throws you under the bus really quick. This will result in you having little to no supplies when you desperatly need them and then you have to choose between losing a party member or restarting.
76561198012823553,Not Recommended,240760,12454755,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Cordyceps,"As a fan of the fallout series I have to say that this game is a let down.  Choosing evil is a non-option.  There are only binary choices, most of which would appear to let you bring everyone together, but either through bugs or design, cannot be done.  The tactical combat is pretty boring, extremely repetitive and easy to min/max.  I found the game to be extraordinarily buggy - some dialogue just breaks, so save before every conversation.  A nice attempt, but not worth the time."
76561198032062514,Not Recommended,240760,12314299,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,lazzarus170882,"I'm very disapointed with this game. It is far far away from a fallout. Combat is stupid, click on enemy, see enemy die, go to the next. IA makes the enemy look like those screaming guys in serious sam. Also, the story is nowhere to be seen after two hours of gaming, wtf, isn't it supposed to be a rpg? Gampelay sucks, graphics suck, characters have no charisma. I was expecting th renewal of fallout like rpgs, i just ended with something boring instead, so so so disapointed.Dammit, i wasted 30€"
76561198041310329,Not Recommended,240760,12332995,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,-5D- The Law,"Ok game, definetly not worth 30 bucks, and absolutely not worth 59 like they sold it in alpha. This game is worth a maximum of 15 bucks, not more, probably less.Sometimes your turns freeze because the AI is incapable of finding the path.Terrible remake, and from a fan of wastedland, and fallout, this is a terrible production."
76561198007780998,Not Recommended,240760,12422409,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,mynamewastakenagain,It's a strange combo of confusing and boring. Not the right game for me.
,Recommended,240760,12201124,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,rcmasta,"Simply amazing old-schoolish CRPG that does not hold your hand, throws you out to the unforgiving wastes and waits you to figure problems out by yourself instead of shoving the answer in your face unlike modern RPGs *coughskyrimcough*. Curiosity and creativity is often rewarded. Easily the best game of 2014 in my books."
,Not Recommended,240760,13464502,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ulain,"To the point: I would not reccomend this game, at least not in its current iteration. A patch was released a few days ago that fixes numerous bugs, which is always good, but worries of how many are still rampant. Beyond that, 'balance' is a foreign word in this game, with Assault Rifles reigning supreme, Handguns, Bladed and Blunt weapons being a complete joke, and doing more sustained damage by PUNCHING GIANT METAL ROBOTS than using live ammo. If you haven't done research prior to actually playing this game, you won't get very far, with many attributes and skills being virtually useless; this leads to either frustrating gameplay with your characters not possessing the correct skills, or starting from scratch (again and again) until you get it right. Hardcore players aside, most of us just want to jump in without having to worry about using a day calendar to make sure we can electronically unlock and unwire the explosives from a trash bag with...4 shotgun shells. Also, forget upgrading to cool armor like in Fallout and becoming a walking tank: more armor = bad in the Wasteland universe once enemies start using energy weapons.With that rant out of the way, let's focus on the good: Excellent atmosphere, funny characters, and a system, that if you ENJOY in-depth theoretical number-crunching, will last you hours, days, maybe even weeks and months. For most of us, however, that time investment just isn't worth it.Final Verdict: This game is...decent, for a Kickstarter title, but certainly not worth the $40USD pricetag. Find it on sale or get it from somewhere other than Steam to consider a refund if you find it lacking."
,Recommended,240760,10665367,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Edo,A Really exciting game...very recommended for who loves strategy and RPG game
,Recommended,240760,12161397,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Pile of Piss,"Amazing Game. The original was the inspiration for fallout. This game is so in-depth that i'm drowning in gameplay. The feeling of having Miley Cyrus and Gabe Newell in the same party fighting along side each other as rangers of the wasteland is indescribable. The thought of killing infected, overgrown, man-eating death plants makes me want to chew my fingers off in excitement. Every choice you make has an effect on the story and changes the world around you so don't go muffing it up or you'll feel stupid."
76561198039382437,Recommended,240760,13635225,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,neptuna,"I am 45 year old gamer and i totally recommend this game for its simplicity, innovation, alternative paths you can follow, excellent atmosphere and audio performance the ultimate value for money. Yes, the CRPG old school, came back."
76561197996304301,Recommended,240760,9090898,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,TheDemonY,"Fond of Fallout?Perhaps just post-apocolyptic games in general?if the answer is yes then stop reading this and buy Wasteland 2, as a sequal to the precurser to the Fallout series it provides everything one could want from a story and environment with a magnificent old-school game feel to it."
,Not Recommended,240760,15098035,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,TOMWOR,"This was a very frustrating experience for me. Weapon jams all the time, party members can't hit enemies in front of them, a bug that made solving a quest impossible, all that in the first hour. UI needs refinement. Graphics are not consistent - e.g. some character portraits look really cheap, others look professional. I don't understand all the favourable comments."
,Recommended,240760,16452164,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,_IgNi_,Great for fans of Fallout Tactics
,Recommended,240760,17710686,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sunglasses Ron,I like it.
76561198034930463,Recommended,240760,16513528,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Fabledwarrior,Good RPG with an engaging story.
,Recommended,240760,18474818,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,cameron,the only c-rpg in years that matters (seriously)
76561198090848167,Recommended,240760,18478002,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Senile Skeleton,"You know what, this just appered in my library.Thanks  inXile entertainment"
76561198218771417,Recommended,240760,18699390,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Raistlin84,Really good game! Works smoothly on Debian.I like action point system and slow hero progression. Worth the price.
76561198021308169,Recommended,240760,16521156,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Shovel Lover,Empty the earth of mankind...and a whole bunch of goofy♥♥♥♥♥♥will fill in the blanks.
76561197993065396,Recommended,240760,32240913,Posted: 7 June,all,venusius,This is like a mix of Fallout 2 and Jagged Alliance 2. It doesn't surpass either but still makes for a nice combo. I'd still recommend it.
76561198029805247,Recommended,240760,29964038,Posted: 16 February,all,[OSEF] Flix,"Really great game. If you have liked the fallout series (the old ones), go for it !"
,Recommended,240760,28801945,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Lametta,Is this game worth it? I would say maybe.The game has really its own charm and if you like turnbased gaes it's really not half that bad but imo it doesnt live through its combat system but through the story and setting and some funny easter eggs.Unfortunately the parts of the combat system aren't that well thought out. The weapon types later have incrementle upgrades and all you do is just upgrading the specific weapon type your character uses. The fights dont require real startegy even though i played on hard (very hard is the highest difficulty)Even though this is the director's cut in which they revamped the combat system it still  kinda falls flat and unfinished. Another negative would be the graphics that are not that well optimized unfortunately.But if you like a post apocalyptic sory with some lore behind i still think that you will like this game.THis is more like an appetizer for Wasteland 3 which got announced and hopefully it will be more thought out in the combat aspect.THis game shows the potential wasteland 3 has but ofc this game never reachers those heights.
76561197977739427,Recommended,240760,14233278,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,zion6,If you like Fallout 1 and 2 -this is Fallout 4. In a very good way
76561198021751749,Recommended,240760,9484481,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,adrian.negut,It's getting better and better with each update.
,Recommended,240760,10024765,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Rutger Howitzer,"So far it seems to play a bit better (less buggy) than Krater, but it's single player only.graphics are ... old-ish. looks like a zoomed in torchlight.I know it's pretty deep beta still, i'm having a hard time justifying the $60 price tag so far.Combat is a pain (but so was fallout, and krater) - as in difficult and constantly using medpacks.I really hope the community doesn't destroy this like they've destroyed the other kickstarter/early access games.updates forthcoming as patches are released. Probably august for next update from me."
76561197971111167,Recommended,240760,9884447,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,two13sixtyone,Crashes after every load screen almost but def a game a can't wait to Play def the closet thing to a real Fallout 3 we all wanted
76561198012621177,Recommended,240760,9278848,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Robensnest59,This is a 10/10 Quality game Gaming at its very finest sure there are bugs here and there but these guys are extremely dedicated putting out updates and fixes to problems every third day not every 2 weeks like one I know of right off handThe game is magnificent ahead of its time in games today the graphics are so terrific it pulls you right into the very game itself this is the very best gaming experience that I have ever had and I have played many games and I am not calling them bad because I have enjoyed the heck out of them but visually and game immersing this is the best experience ever. One of the first sceens you see in the game looking from above between two lines of high skyscrapers all overgrown and gone to waste with shrubbery and so on well that scene on my computer gives me vertigo it is so real that I am right there. Thats just the graphics but the whole game is a winner from story to RPG Epic its Amazing. I have only played four hours of it so far so I am just beginning to learn the game mechanics so complex it is. Wel I am utterly sold on the game and I recommend it to any Adultplayer out there 70.000 kickstarters cant be wrong!!!!
,Recommended,240760,9279280,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Tzar,"It's hard to be unbiased in talking about this game, because I am old enough to remember the release of the original and how many weeks were spent playing it.Sure, it's still in development but this has the true feel of that classic of classic, that father of the genre.It won't be everyone's cup of tea, but if you want to reach out touch greatness, you owe it to yourself to buy this game."
,Recommended,240760,9324171,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,gigasecond,This game has a goat that screams alot from being buttraped by raiders  10/10
76561198069289200,Recommended,240760,19083578,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Alternateorc,A beautiful game which brings a player back to the first time they played fallout 1.Worth the price I paid of 40 dollars.
76561197975358649,Recommended,240760,19030774,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,jaryss,"Great game, character design sucks but anyway, great game!"
,Recommended,240760,20774761,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,trail,"Moden Fallout 1/2 done right. Best game I've played in a long time.Great atmosphere, dialogs, writing, combat, character progression, large story. No complaints at all."
76561197984301338,Recommended,240760,16348859,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,hornet688,A great way to lose more time than you had planned to.
76561198132504024,Recommended,240760,16545688,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,morzault,i loved fallout too much to not like the game it tries to be like.
76561198009812128,Recommended,240760,12590124,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,MK.LYNX ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,"Wasteland 2 brings a unique style to RPG games. Giving off a fallout type of vide through out the whole game had amazing easter eggs to find and tons of interesting dialog. The combat was great and simple, Despite the minor bugs involving the camera glitching out durring combat but fixing itself after the next turn. Wasteland 2 state that there is 80+ hours.This may be true for some, yet for me it left me wanting more after finishing the game in under 60 hours. (All quests, side quests, locations, caches, characters, easter eggs, and pretty much everything was achived with a amazing immersive experience.-For me at least in under 60 hours) All and All wasteland 2 brings back the nostalga of the original wasteland and orginal fallouts. I would have to recommend this to everyone that loves the first wasteland and the fallout franchise. Although i would say i was abit annoyed by the fact it isn't open ended in terms of being able to continue to play and explore after the ending credits. I cannot however recommend this at its current pricing. the amount of content is great yet still is lacking in key areas. Best to wait for sales unless its a must have right now."
76561198024063417,Not Recommended,240760,19926544,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Nkwizitr,I was severely let down by Wasteland 2.  I love Fallout 1 and 2.  This be not that.
76561198093693115,Recommended,240760,29409476,Posted: 21 January,all,agbrandt7830,"When I first played this game, I was going in not playing the first, never playing the original Fallouts that came about after the first Wasteland, so I had no idea how the game would play. I am please to say that I love this game. The turn based combat is easy for everyone to understand, but has enough of a varience that you can't all specialize, else you will fail. The story has choices that matter, you are just a small force, you can't save everyone so the choices are tough without giving too much away. This post-apocalyptic game is one of my all time favorites, up there with the Fallout series and various zombie themed games like State of Decay."
76561198023237051,Recommended,240760,29297549,Posted: 16 January,all,daniel2855,"A pretty awesome journey with lots of gunfights, Graphics are a bit bad although you don't notice it when your hooked on it,"
76561198004652659,Recommended,240760,30945474,Posted: 4 April,all,Lukaskran,"A truly bad♥♥♥♥♥game, the old Fallout sort of bad♥♥♥♥♥(supposedly the same as in the first Wasteland, haven't played it, I know, shame on me). Very sarcastic/ironic/sardonic. The storyline itself is pretty straightforward but engaging. Not a very 'free' game, but enough to let you feel guided instead of restrained. The best parts: the atmosphere, and the arsenal (yes, it is pretty much combat-oriented)."
,Recommended,240760,12823084,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Beltex,Baldur's Gate meets Fallout. Brilliant.
76561197972546582,Recommended,240760,10863921,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pete the Greaseball,Decent game so far. Pick proper/balanced roles for each teram member. Being lopsided or trying to be jack of all trades will screw you over for sure. Not bought an early access before so hopefully this continues to go well.
76561198041630144,Recommended,240760,8050802,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Gabe,Its a no brainer.Just shut up and buy this piece but after it released as the price gonna drop down.
76561198028098479,Recommended,240760,15114537,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Teneria,"It is hard to write a review about Wasteland II.This game does many things in a other way, than many player expect it.It is a slow game, it has tactical turn based combat, which slowes the pace of the game down.It has beautiful written dialoges and this dialoges really carry the game, but you need to read them most of the time.So this slows the pace of the game down again.From time to time you will travel the world map, and just stare at your position marker for a time,Overall this game is slow. ANd you need to play it in this slow aproach. Take your time. Read the dialoges, follow the story, make your decisions and shoot the bad guys - which arent that bad, if you really get them to know - most are just another type of crazy :D.This game is well done, but it is not made for every kind of player.I still recommend it."
,Not Recommended,240760,12704860,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Alis,"Suffers from a lot of the same problems as other ""1990s throwback"" isometric RPGs, which is to say confusing maps and awkward progression. Expect to get lost a lot (hint: backspace resets north to up), spend a lot of time tramping over the same ground (agian, and again, and again), and getting frustrated when you do things ""out of order"" and turn an entire zone against you (yeah, Canyon of Titan, I'mlooking at you).An otherwise interesting premise (it's essentiallyFallout 2.5) that would benifit from a lot more polish and the inclusion of some of the ""quality of life"" stuff from more modern games (map markers would be a nice start)."
,Recommended,240760,12225049,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Johnny Lootgoblin,"Game of the Year.Everything that Fallout Van Buren should have been and more. An incredible sequel to the original Wasteland. If you have any love for Xcom, the original Wasteland, Fallout 1, 2, or Tactics. This game will make you happier than a wrecker in a ♥♥♥♥♥ house."
76561198019390718,Recommended,240760,12226393,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,sytistyranno,"This is old school gaming at it finest, this is video game evolution would have been in an alternate timeline. Instead of changing this game into an FPS...cough...fallout, Brian has restored my faith in a designer making a true evolution sequel. 25yr wait well worth it. One of my favorite games when I was young was Fallout, I played through too many times to count. Wasteland 2 brings back the joy I haven't experienced since. I expect I will be playing through this one several times."
76561198039218955,Recommended,240760,12200053,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,sinanxxv,"I will be brief. This game is an old school hardcore RPG. The game is very detailed and have lot of depth. You need to play it seriously and use your head. Game has a lot of dialog and text so It's for people who actually care for a story. In my personal opinion, the game is very enjoyable. There are lots of different ways to play it and get different results. It surely gives you freedom. I like both the story telling and combat(which is very systematic). They surely made a fantastic game and I'm saying this even though I'm a sword and shield person."
,Not Recommended,240760,30312174,Posted: 4 March,all,purgatori.sakkara,"It might be that I'm missing the point with this game, as I have not played first Wasteland game, but I was expecting a somewhat-Fallout like experience. Instead, I'm forced from the very outset to side with an incredibly-boring faction regardless of whether their values align with my own, and am given no (legitimate) option to go rogue or sign on with the opposition.SPOILERS FOLLOW=============When I accidentally managed to blow up said faction, it triggered a joke ending of sorts, but one that I was pretty satisfied with. Satisfied enough that I won't be going back to the game."
,Recommended,240760,10703711,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Val's Noisy Toys,"I'm thoroughly enjoying the Early Beta Access version, it has all the original elements of Wasteland that I enjoyed way back when, and added new shinies possible in 2014.   I can't wait for the full release. :)"
,Recommended,240760,10853625,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Donta1979,"For those who loved games like Fallout, Fallout 2, and Fallout Tactics, You will love this game.So far it is fun, but I do have my gripes about it, one is the interface moving our team around is a little clunky, next would be the character models, these would be fine if it was the early 2002-2004, but with other games to compair it to, these could had been done a lot better they are very well super low poly to the point they look funky. Same with the textures, if we where all playing pc games on say on the first xbox's hardware it would be acceptable but its 2014. I really hope that the art end of this game is not done yet in terms of improvement. But I am guessing its about as good as its going to get visually.The other very limited weight/carry capacity, you do your first set of missions up to the first radio tower,  all of your inventory spots are about full, by the time you make it to the second tower your way overloaded, and a town/vendor to sell to  is far far away... and requires you to go though a radiation field, or go way out of your way around it, if you happen to get into a fight guess what you will pick up more stuff that you really have no room to carry. Hopefully the devs can find a solution to this.Overall great game, but it has many areas of improvement needed, from clunky controls, low polly assets that are almost waving like they are made of water when moving. To the tiny annoyances of inventory and not having a way to offload your loot at more locations besides out front of the ranger station at start of the game."
76561198032123711,Recommended,240760,10721106,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kelly357114,"Font Size,We mentioned this months ago.  If they are releasing this game in August are they going to enlarge the font size?   Come on.  How about they turn the cursor into a magnifying glass when you hold it over something you want or NEED to read.   Early access comments had no effect on building a better game.       They still have time to address this issue.  It is my only complaint."
,Recommended,240760,10784553,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bungd-up,Blew a guy in half but his legs were still standing.20/10
,Recommended,240760,11137948,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,littlenewbie,"This is an Early Access review.Pros:+ All the combat fun of Fallout 1 and 2.+ Interesting locations / environments.+ Solid dialogue, with a surprising amount of voice acting.+ Your actions affect the game world, significantly.Cons:- Lots of bugs. (This is Early Access after all).- The world feels like it's built just for you, the heroes of the story. Unlike F1/2 where you felt like you were thrown into this harsh world that didn't give a ---- about you.Recommendation: With so many bugs, wait until the full release, and then buy it."
76561198053655479,Recommended,240760,15150146,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Mondieu,can't ask for more.
76561198003666316,Recommended,240760,15095435,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Greadle,"Wasteland 2 is a good game, but overall fell short of my expectations. The funny thing is that the mediocrity of Wasteland 2 reminded me how great Fallout New Vegas was and I finally finished my walkthrough of that game, rather than continuing with Wasteland 2. Both games attempt the same thing in so many ways, but Fallout just does it better. The writing, the quests, the immersiveness... Even though I actually prefer isometric RPGs to Fallout's ego perspective, Wasteland's implementation of it has a wide variety of shortcomings. The world feels much more static because environmental objects cannot be manipulated, the different areas are much smaller in size, and the overall level of interaction is much lower.Other downsides to be aware of:- AI is very dumb- Percentage based skill checks lead to a lot of reloading (it probably would have been better to have a binary 100% or 0% chance).- Balancing of different weapon types is off (melee based characters seem weak, assault rifle beats everything)- Battles are not tactical enough (more types of cover would have been nice, more firing modes, more environmental interaction, better system for explosive weapons)In spite of all this critique, I enjoyed the ""classic"" feel to the game and the very post-apocalyptical setting that inspired the original Fallout. Thoroughly enyoable, but definitely not a must-have."
,Recommended,240760,15160172,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Destil,"It's been a while since a game brought me in. Wasteland 2 is a proper continuation of Fallout 1&2 - a true post-apo world, dark humour, turn-based combat, freedom and multiple ways to solve quests. I had a feeling I play Fallout for the first time.But it's a modern game, so it has great graphics (love the picture of NPCs!), modern controls, team management etc. The only dissadvantage is very large locations, sometimes it takes too much time to discover everything or run for a way out.Great game, if you like post-apo, it's a must-have!"
76561198258536963,Recommended,240760,33649543,Posted: 19 July,all,NIGHTELF,"Great game, makes me feel like a survivor of the wastes"
,Not Recommended,240760,19996838,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,2 Cav,"This is not a bad game by any means. It's simply not a game I can recommend. My biggest issue is how they handled armor rating(AR) and armor penetration(AP). Combat is the soul of the game, as such a system as terrible as this one exposes the dev's lack of commitment, knowledge and love for the game they made."
76561198039808534,Recommended,240760,23341867,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Revnge_SevnFold,"I really enjoyed the game, It was quite difficult at times.Wish there was some DLC to play as well.This game is not for everyone but I liked this, the graphics is not epic but it didnt bother me that much."
76561197971915195,Not Recommended,240760,12916487,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Water Rabbit,"I really wanted to like this game. I liked games like Fallout 1/2 and Fallout Tactics.  So the squad-based turn-based RPG is a category I like.  I also wanted to like this game to support indie designers, so against my better judgement I purchased the game shortly after release and at full price.  However, the flaws in this game are vary glaring and difficult to ignore.1) If you haven't played Wasteland 1, this game is hard to follow.  It is more like a continuation of the story than a sequel set in the same world. Many of the clues dropped require some knowledge of the events in Wasteland 1.2) The gameplay mechanics are just a mess.  The armor system is borked to the point of being pointless.  While the initiative system is interesting, there is no prevision for a character to delay his turn.  The effect of which is to create a log jam if a slower character is blocking a door.  Fortunately most of the combat is in wide open area -- probably for this very reason.3)  Looting is similarly botched where crappy useless loot is stored in containers that require a number of difficult checks to open.  The difficult of skill checks is uneven through out the game as well.I do like the three dimensional maps and the ability to rotate them (however they definitely do not rotate smoothly). The attitude and feel of the game seem to be done well.  The character models and animations however do not match the environment very well.  The in game character appearance does not change based upon the armor that is equipped. Clothing choices seem to be poorly matched to gender (I guess cross-dressing is a thing in the wasteland).Overall, I doubt many people will get past part one in the game much less get into part 2 (Las Angels) where the writing and encounters start to fall apart.This game will probably have to be saved by mods, which there does seem to be a few on the horizon to fix the mechanics.  However, I don't see the skill system being reworked with mods, which has a few issues as well -- mainly too many skills.  There are 29 skills in the game and at least 6 of them could simply be removed/combined with existing skills.Overall, Fallout Tactics was a better game.  If you are really liking this type of game, wait for a steam sale."
76561198021004851,Not Recommended,240760,12169140,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The Big Bear,This is still a beta game. Has none of the polish of a finsihed product. A lot of bugs make it pretty annoying to play. Could have been good if they would have finished it up and done *some* bug fixing.
,Not Recommended,240760,12209959,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,KRaken,"I'm playing on Normal difficulty and have about 6 hours in. The game starts out really promising, but then throws a bunch of missions at you at one time. When you get to the second big mission of the game, the enemies are extremely powerful and your band of mercenaries will not stand a chance.GOOD Things:The tactical combat is nice. There are a variety of weapons and it is critical to manage your squad's inventory.Resource Scarcity makes gameplay feel exciting and changes how you approach conflict. The world seems interesting and you won't feel bored reading through all the text.BAD Things:This game is difficult. This comes from someone who loves Dark Souls. Whereas another game could be difficult and fair, this one does not seem fair in the least. Oh, your squad member can shoot once per turn? Awesome. Here is a pack of enemies that can empty their magazines into you. Or, here are some people carrying machetes who can cross the whole of the wasteland and smack you in the face in the same turn you may get a chance to unjam your weapon.Seriously, this is infuriating. Let me shoot this pistol with a 3 percent chance to jam. 3 percent is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You can set your watch to that thing jamming. No kidding, the game is incredibly unfair. I am a huge fan of the old school fallout games as well. I've played Ghosts and Goblins on the NES. I've seen unfair games, and this is such.WHO will enjoy this?Sadists. Masochists. People who love playing CIV on unfair difficulties. People who like pulling triggers and having their guns jam while criminals beat you in the face with spiked 2 by fours."
76561198043109612,Recommended,240760,8033794,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,goldkodak,There is so much about this game. It would take multiple playthroughs to get every ounce out of this game. I love it! It's fast and fun RPG. I found a sherifs badge on my way through to the radio tower and was amazed by that. It's the very small things in this large game that make it worth playing!
76561198004877053,Not Recommended,240760,33574239,Posted: 15 July,all,Uriel,"Wasteland 2 was a good, albeit unforgiving game. The director's cut edition is alot less unforgiving, has some slight improvements on the interface, adds a few stat tweakings... And has one of the worst character management / trading interface I have seen in ANY game in over 20 years of gaming.If you can overlook that, go ahead, you'll have some good fun. If a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ interface goes on your nerves really quickly, then either play the original, non director's cut Wasteland 2 if you can, or skip the game entirely. I've spent many hours on the non-DC version, but couldn't stand the DC interface more than 2 hours..."
76561198041832614,Recommended,240760,23489950,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,🍀Edward 101™,"If you loved the predecessor and Fallout 1+2, you will at least like this game very much after a few hours of playing.+ One word.... Minigun+ .50 sniper rifle+ discobot ( can you resist the beat? )+ Character development- er- hmm- what ?- can't remember. No wait there was this NPC who stole the booze from my inventory, after I invited him to accompany my party."
76561197997623329,Not Recommended,240760,12518659,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Jeff Kaos,"I'm mainly writing this for my friends because I recommended this game to them before I spent enough time with it. I had really high expectations for this game but I really can't recommend it.  I wanted to love this game, I mean really LOVE it like I loved Fallout 2 or Jagged Alliance 2 or Morrowind. And I tried so hard to overlook the flaws I saw because damn it, I was waiting for this game over 20 years and I wasn't going to let some nittpicky BS stop me. But unfortunately all the problems I kept encountering just kept building up on each other until I pretty much gave up. Some of these problems are as follows:The combat is shallow and lacks any sort of tactical feel despite being turn based; You rarely have a need to move your characters and most battles can be won by standing still and spaming attack or maybe toss a grenade. You can crouch or use a headshot but there's no real advantage that I notice to even bother with these moves.The missions all seem half finished; apparently it's ""hand holding"" to ask for any sort of clue as to what you need to do or even why you need to do it. And all of the quests have multiple ways to ""complete"" them but if you're looking for multiple ways to complete them in a manner that the devs wanted you to in order to ""win"" the game then you'll need to rely on online guides because those solutions require an extremely linear path to be followed. And by ""win"" the game I mean by having the optimal completion where everyone you encounter was happy with what you did. Those endings are there but as I said they're not very easy to figure out.""Conversations"" with NPC's are nothing more than triggering the next bit of dialog by clicking on the keyword; there's no branching at all and you're really not interacting with NPC's in any meaningful way.Character creation is also an oddity since it breaks the norm in most RPG's by having skills act completely independant of  attributes; ie charisma has no effect on your characters conversation skills or barter.And lastly there are some really bad bugs that have caused me to lose a lot of game play time; there's 3 quick save slots for a reason and you should be sure to use them.There's a lot to like here but I'm not going to sit here with a ""pros and cons"" list because I figure a lot of people are like me: if I'm thinking about buying a game I'm pretty much sold on it already and what I need to know is the bad stuff. Now none of the stuff I said above is so much that it's caused me to hate the game but it is enough to make me wish I had held off and waited for more reviews instead of buying it day one. $14.99-$19.99 is probably a good price point for this game but $40 is too much for what you get."
,Not Recommended,240760,16652296,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nuc_Temeron,Simplistic combat with enemies that are too aggressive. Like playing XCOM on Classic but without the tactical depth or fun.
76561197980729754,Not Recommended,240760,12533570,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Tirewater,"Unfortunately this game has come out about ten years too late.  When compared to its recent release partner, ""Divinity: Original Sin"", it pales in comparison.  Even held to it's peers in the Fallout series it ends up in the shallow end of the pool.While not a bad game, it's just not satisfying enough to make you feel your time is well spent playing it.Pros:-Interesting story.-Decent voice acting.Cons:-Antiquated & simple gameplay-Graphic design is dated-Fights are dull & repetitive-Level design is repetitive"
76561198074209327,Not Recommended,240760,12189403,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Edin,"WEll. I waited long for this game. Love this type of games usualy but this one lacks a story that will keep you play longer then a few hours. Im already fighting with myself to play on. Graphics are kind of good but without the story its just a meaningless painting to me. Controls are a bit hard to get used to to much click here press that to just hear someone finish their conversation. In fact i love to see games like this on the market but i cant recomend it to anyone. Sorry guys!Update 1:I already hate the game. Its so boring. No intro  to make the caracters catch your atention. There is basicly no story whatsoever. They could at least tell you that you just got out of a life long hibernation, that would be more interesting than this. There is no strategy or variations in fighting at all. Its so much linear that i cant get myself to start a new game with diferent caracters. Basicly you will feel sorry for your money.Update 2:Back to playing Fallout :)"
,Recommended,240760,13254650,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,βɌѦѴΞβ∑₳Ɽ,"If you seek a short “one sentence” resume for this game: It is just damn amazing, incredible, fantastic, I am completely shocked by this game in the best possible way. Must have for everyone. Score 10 of 10. So get it right now, install and play.This game is a fine, impeccable reincarnation of Fallout 2 (God save eternal games). It is not the same series, but it brings the same fillings, same atmosphere, same unbelievable gameplay. If you like fallout, you should definitely start playing it right now. There is no other game, which would awake memories back in such a bright way.The plot – score 10, dialogs – 10, mechanics – 10, graphics (it does not matter at all) -10. I thought this game would be cool, but didn’t imagine the scale.It is something outstanding! I’ve got pretty sick of all this overwhelming stuff about zombies. This game like a breath of truly fresh air!Many thanks for developers, thank you, thank you, thank you! I am going to have an eye on every following product. Maybe there will be wasteland 3, who knows. I hope very much!"
76561198046398111,Not Recommended,240760,12598052,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,fireproof0856,there is too many problems with this game1.the clothing menu when you create your character is bugged every time you pick a torso item sometimes it doesnt show the new ones that it got updated with after the releaseeven the leggings and head items are bugged2.this game has a lot of problems i.e. crashing freezing and graphics issues3.the game has a problem with my systems where even my graphics card even for it being goodit still does not work right with this game so the only thing that i can say is if they could improve it by update 3 or 4 id play it again if they fix these 3 problems
76561198006534531,Not Recommended,240760,12497044,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Cam-Waaagh,Very over rated.
76561198006208917,Not Recommended,240760,17361448,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Cathol,"Short review- the more you play this, the less you'll like it. It is long, very repetitive, and boring. I don't just want my money back, I want my time back.I'm a big fan of Fallout 1 & 2 and similar games. When I first started playing Wasteland 2, I enjoyed it. It had a similar feel. Unfortunately, as the game progressed, it just aggravated me. I found myself spending all my time performing useless actions rather than actually playing a game.There are crates/boxes strewn about everywhere, and nearly every single one is locked/trapped, so you spend a lot of time using skills to open them (which takes several seconds each attempt), having to reload multiple times because the difficulty of each lock/trap seems to be random. They pretty much never have anything useful, so you've just wasted your time. Also, you have to run across the same areas you've already cleared, just to exit the map. Then run BACK across just to turn in a minor quest.The areas are sprawling, but VERY repetitive. There's relatively little NPC interaction, and most of those are the same, too. I don't know how many times I've gone to a town where they complain about a disease, had to find the local doctor who magically can cure it, but he needs you to go get a specific item to save the day. It creates the illusion of a sandbox as you explore the open world, but most places won't appear on the map until you hit that point in the storyline, no matter how many times you walk over it.Even the fights got boring quickly. Weapon variety seemed decent at first, but ultimately felt pointless. And the ""friendly fire"" is ridiculous. I don't mind friendly fire, but it seems almost guaranteed to hit your friend if he's between you and the opponent, even if it doesn't make sense (like if the friend is in a crouched position right in front of the firer, who is standing, and you're firing at someone at a higher elevation).I got to a point where I thought the game was almost over, and I was excited. Then I discovered I was only about halfway through and got depressed. I considered quitting the game right then, but hoped it would get better in the second half. I should've stopped playing."
76561198151559813,Not Recommended,240760,16938102,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Myst,"if you want to play a classic style rpg just play fallout1 and 2 or wasteland 1. this game looks bad, it plays bad, and its combat it terrible all this coming from a guy who loves the original fallout games."
,Recommended,240760,12155329,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Anfronio,I spent like 3 hours creating my characters but the rest of the game seems ok.10/10
76561198031595516,Recommended,240760,8584628,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Tecumseh,Highly addictave and thoroughly enjoyable. A game more Fallout than Fallout 3. Looking forward to the final product.
,Recommended,240760,12919006,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Master of Mustaches,Geez this game is addictive.  This tactical RPG is a gem in my opinion.  It's just as enjoyable as X:COM if not moreso.
76561197970481828,Recommended,240760,32283430,Posted: 8 June,all,nosculio,"One of the best strategy rpg's of all time! Every time I play, I discover something new."
76561198006338856,Not Recommended,240760,12574435,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,eglove,"Make one mistake and your whole game is ruined. Walk into the wrong area and a whole town will attack you without warning ruining all quests you have. Say the wrong thing, do the wrong thing, offend one person and you have to kill everyone. This also results in your being removed from the ""Rangers"" so you will not be able to leveled up and you will be hunted down by impossible to be teams.There's no warning that these things can happen and it's too easy to do the ""wrong"" thing. Every minor offense and mistake can easily result in total game loss (even with past saves)."
76561198058477484,Not Recommended,240760,12870423,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,I Peel Grapes,Bought this game when it was $60 and regret it ever since.. Now that its finished and done i would still tell everyone to not get this game. Not much at all changed since alpha to me so thats my review! still decide to get it then have fun with that.
76561198023001820,Not Recommended,240760,25157557,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,PDQstyle,"Good game, Horrible technical problems and support. There's constant crashing for certain AMD users, technical support stopped responding to me after I sent my logs.I've been waitng over a month for a reply, bet I'll get that email anytime now.inXile gives a 'fix' of running the game in DX9 on forums and their site, but it causes bad graphical glitches and kills performance, so it's hardly a fix.Not sure if I'll support another inXile product after how I've been treated and I wont be recomending WL2 to any family or friends.Heres my specs in case someone has a setup similar to mine so they can avoid the problems I've had;Sapphire R9 380 NitroFX 8350Ripjaw DDR3 8gigCrucial M550 SSDGigabyte 970A-UD3P v2"
,Not Recommended,240760,18232302,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Anterk,"Tedious. That's my opinion of this game in one word. The plot and events often feel extremely bare-bones or predictable, and by the final fight I stopped caring. Bugs and all the choices I couldn't make kept me from ever slipping into role-play, and the whole perspective the game has on a post-apocalyptic wasteland was too generic to help.The gameplay is simple numbers-based RPG nonsense with emphasis on guns. When you're not fighting you'll be facing skill-tests, and it's annoying to find out after sinking several hours in that a particular skill is almost useless or that you failed to increase an arbitrary skill to a certain level. Everything is poorly explained, and I never got the feeling I was doing anything right. In the end I just gave up experimenting and did what seemed safe, even if it wasn't that much fun.I'm never going to beat the game. The conflict... there is simply no demand or impact. It's all as bad as vanilla Fallout 3 was."
,Not Recommended,240760,12220646,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,alsorrr,Three encounters with exact same landscape? really?
76561198012245691,Not Recommended,240760,12321653,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sparrow,"For being an RPG game, it really seems to favor FAQ readers and those that min-max every skill.  The game seems to punish you a bit too much for role playing by ramping up the difficulty to fast for casual play.  For example, I've gotten to places where I can handle the bad guys, but I cannot open a door or fix a broken lock.  They need to get the difficulty adjusted properly - I am not going to spin around for hours looking for random encounters just because I elected to try and have fun.I especially enjoyed having Deth randomly pulled from the party followed almost immediately by a couple of hard♥♥♥♥♥checks that only she could handle.  And dumping her inventory into the party's was such an elegant solution - given her high strength, it wasn't like she could overburden a couple of weaker party members or nothing.  That the nearby vendors had no money for purchasing the gear we might want to abandon continued the roll of peerless game design.Anyhow, it quickly becomes evident where the heavily tested portions of the game end and the raw, less refined squishy bits begin.  Yeah, this game feels like it was hurried a bit too much and could have used more time removing needless frustrations."
76561198007703738,Not Recommended,240760,12513697,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,HateMongerXxX,Very Bummed out... Slow paced game. VERY buggy. Hard to get started. I farmed for awhile in the first area... Its like they took games we loved like Baulders Gate and merged it with XCom... but doesnt seem like they took the good out of each one.Dont waste the money.
76561197969475405,Not Recommended,240760,12207654,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,GSReturn,"This isn't a horrible game, it's just not really good. In a nutshell if you liked the first game this one is probably worth playing, otherwise steer clear.The good: The writing is engaging enough to keep you going. The handdrawn art is astounding.The Bad: The graphics could be a lot better for a modern game. To give it it's due, you don't spend all that much time zoomed in, so the lack of detail is only horrible right at the start of the game when you're trying to make characters. And honestly the ""CLASSIC"" system is a pretty bad system IMHO. The stats are bland, and most people tend to just max Int. The skills aren't even related to the stats. How good you are at doing things is determined only by skills. And some weapon skills suck compared to other ones in ways that you can only find out by getting halfway through the game playing the game.Yes, this is one of ""those"" games. Where you can reach a certain point and find out your characters builds are all wrong, and there's no way you could possibly win. Oh, and the game tells you that cover is very important, and the never gives you any cover that's in anyway useful. And melee is a good skill. So yeah, these guys wanted to make a dungeon crawler. Go figure with who's on the team who made it."
76561198007706128,Not Recommended,240760,12245220,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,gisarme,"Unplayably buggy. Crashes nearly every level.Really wanted to like it, but looks like I'll have to wait till it gets patched."
76561198054214794,Not Recommended,240760,12254055,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,tpe4ever,"Love the style, it's a bit like Shadowrun.  Sadly, it's ugly and tedious to actually play.  Looks like a 10 year old game.  Very grainy looking, like a 256 color pallete game.  I really don't want to go back to games that look and play like this just to play a style of game that I enjoy.  Shadowrun proves that this type of game doesn't have to be ugly or tedious.  I might play it a little bit more, but ick.  I'm not optomistic."
,Not Recommended,240760,16288009,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Anaxamaxan,GOTY 2014? More like 2004. This like those old text choose-your-own-adventure books but with lame graphics and a buggy 3D rendering engine. Seriously this is one of the most boring games I've ever played.
,Recommended,240760,12150824,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Allexio,"Now this game isnt bad, however, I recommend this game FOR HARDCORE TACTICAL RPGs FANS ONLY. If you are new to the genre, or if you don't really know, do NOT buy this now and wait for a reduction on the full price.Frankly this is a game I really would recommend you pirate before buying, especially if you're a casual gamer, you may not like this peculiar experience.Now lets be honest, I was not impressed when I first started playing this game. I was new to it, lots of stuff is unexplained (like the fact that you can blow up gates and such) and the game was a bit complex. After 40 hours of gameplay, I can say that this game is worth every penny of it's price. What this game lacks in graphics and in audio it catches up clearly with great combat mechanics and a very long story. Is the story good? No. At least, not the first part of it. However, all the plots that will unravel as you progress in the main story or the side plots are all quite exceptionnal. They all have different outcomes, which can completely reshape areas you were in previously. This game is fantastic in it's own distinct way. The universe is immersive (once again except for the poor character graphics and the bad audio) and sucks you into the game.With a bit more and really only a bit more effort in one or two updates, this game would get 9/10.All I'm asking for is a complete review of the OST of the game, the creating of a lot more character portraits, the remodelling of characters in general and the finishing of the spoken dialogue. With this relatively small amount of work, this game could really be outstanding.What follows is a break-up of the different things I experienced in game, in a bullet-point, non review-esque style.+ COMBAT: a solid combat system:10 different weapon types, including 3 melee weapon types (blunt, blade and brawl) and 7 close (shotguns, pistols, SMG) to medium (assault rifles, heavy weapons) to long (sniper rifles) range. With an extra emphasis on armor and some weapon types being very effective against heavy armor (energy weapons, a category in which there are weapons of all ranges) and some less.A cover system which sometimes bugs a bit.A crouch to aim better system.A headshot system that trades accuracy for extra damage.A ""when you shoot someone lower (in terms of altitude) than you, you get a bonus in accuracy"" systemSome hit ratios may seem a little low, the more you spend skill points in a weapon type, the more precise you become in your shots with it.+ EXPLORATION: Another well thought out systemYou will need to upgrade 11 different skills to survive in the wasteland, and by that I mean to efficiently explore every single area by destroying walls and lockpicking doors and gates and loot every single chest, safe...Don't forget to level up your perception skill to spot traps and mines and your demolition skill to disarm them.Your surgeon and field medic skills can help you a lot in the wastes, or rather, it can help the people around you a lot.The vision circle around your characters will be blocked by high objects, forcing you to move behind them making the game much more realistic.+ STORY:There are lots of different paths you can take throughout the main story and the side stories, which all affect each other in a way.To unlock different paths, don't forget to upgrade your 3 convincing skills, Hard-A-s-s, Kiss-A-s-s (which I think should've been called seduction but yeah whatever), and Smart-A-s-sAnd believe me, youll need them or you'll really be locked on one path instead of having the liberty to choose.* message to the creators of this game, an A-s-s is a donkey. The bottom is A-r-s-e not A-s-s!!! *+ I just sold pigeon droppings (and cow poo) for 1 dollar.- I just found out that instead of selling the pigeon droppings, I could've exchanged them against a rocket launcher. I feel cheated.+ Lots of readable stuff... if you want to take your time and read everything that happens... and a lot of things happen. When you see 15 lines of text appearing instantly when you walk in a completely normal place you can wonder what the point was, the fact that it is only written and not dialogued makes the reading a bit of a chore. Imagine having to stop every two seconds to read the paragraph of text that just appeared. Yeah. I support traditional text RPGs but I'm not so much a fan of what happens in between. Still, some pretty funny jokes, so yeah, it really depends on if you want to take your time and read everything. I would have preferred a complete spoken dialogue to paragraphs upon paragraphs upon paragraphs of text.+ The graphics are underrated. They frankly aren't that bad. In fact the environment looks pretty good.- When characters disobey orders, they act as if they have no brain and just run to the ennemy without even shooting their weapon.+ The narration that is in place is excellent...- ...Shame that it isn't complete ( AT ALL ), wouldve made for a better game experience.- Characters look ugly.- The same character portraits are used too often and do not correspond to what the character looks like.- The OST is poor. VERY poor. In fact in most places it seems non existent.- Not enough sniper ammo in crates, too much of the rest.- Sniper rifle seems op. Like in any other game.- Steam overlay is not accessible in-game.- No Steam achievements on a game that would be great with Steam achievements.- This game will force you to quicksave every half a second. Which can get annoyingbut is also good training for future life when you will have save your work every half a second by fear of losing it."
,Not Recommended,240760,13170342,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,golergka,"Bethesda took all the best parts from Fallout series, and this abomination took all the worst. I want my money back, even though it was on sale."
,Recommended,240760,8592079,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,shieox,"I was surprised by the fact that this Beta is VERY playable. I have go to the second location and I am having a lot of fun so far. It feels and plays like Fallout 1 or 2, but with a squad instead of a single character. There is a few bugs, but looking past them I have experienced quite a good play so far, and ultimately this is worth getting!"
,Recommended,240760,12261986,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,"Awesome post-apocalyptic RPG. It's really cool. Like Fallout + Fallout Tactics. Tactical combat system, good customization, lots of skills and great atmosphere with interesting quests."
76561198015424887,Recommended,240760,13288425,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Case[SG_CMD]PFC,"Hell, it feels like being back in the 80-90ies though you can toggle the cam, zoom... everything you could not at that time! Thanks a bunch for a game that is as mature as the content and the gamers and of course the developers. Well, i'm not good with the letters, just come to LA and read for yourselves ;) 20 stars from 5! (Thanks for 2.5 years development!)"
,Not Recommended,240760,13396648,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Djb_gamez,"I looked forward to Wasteland 2 so much, expecting a modern day improvement of Fallout but where did the budget go? recycled textures and objects, model skins etc i want to play this game more due to the money i spent on it, and i can't i start the game up and exit straight away, it just doesn't interest me anymore. there is no love. nothing that catches me. your sat reading text to monotonic sounds you don't feel any love or connection with your squad. it is a shame."
,Recommended,240760,29657907,Posted: 2 February,all,EXPAND AND EXTERMINATE !!!,"If you like these kind of game, then yes. Big yes. It has its flaws, but the ending was trully awesome. It felt like i achieved something and i am looking forward to W3. Carry on rangers, carry on...I cant pass this as a comment so i will put it here.: Added after request!True i went short with this, however, if you are interested, i can write more about it. My personal biggest flaw was rushed second sequence of the game. While the different  factions are really nice, it seems to me that there was ment to be much more  and lack of creativity. The known problem of ""i will do this for your and then i can use your radio"" that goes through the whole game.Another one would be: In the first sequence, you can aim for peace between two sides. Guess what, almost same situation is in the second sequence. Its less obvious, but its there.Game can get a little bit tedious after ""some"" time of playing, but thats probably my personal feeling. Also, energy weapons, i think they still dont work in the way they intended. When the only energy weapon recomended by ppl to use is a special one you got from kinda hidden and not so obvious ""quest"" , you know something isnt working.Dont mistake me though, the ""final battle"" was awesome, but thats becouse it happened in first sequence and i got all the help from ppl i helped in the first sequence. Its the rushed run through the second, specially visiting the base of the main antagonists. I feel like lots of dialogue was cut. Thats why first sequence just feels ""richer"" then the second. No information what happened to somebody where there obviously COULD have been something, like a note or a body on surgical table and similiar examples.Its good idea to read some guides before starting your first playthrough. Not gameplay guides, but how to make your party. So you know that inteligence is pretty good, but has some defoult spots, so less or more doesnt make a difference. That some skills are more usefull then others and stuff ect.Or you can go blind as i did on my first try, not with director edition though, but still, that was derpy.I guess this would be all, can add some things if you have some questions."
76561198177101006,Not Recommended,240760,14573600,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Charnota,"An anticlimax of a purchase, I feel silly for putting any faith in the developers. Highly anticipated title turned out to be a sub-standard take on the genre.Stats, loot, graphics - all fail. £30 down the drain."
76561198015810919,Recommended,240760,9865960,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Zero,"The first game I ever played on a pc was made by these people was fallout 1. Fallout was one of the most immersive and fun rpg's that I have ever played. Then I played planescape: Torment and my world was ♥♥♥♥ed up forever. IN a GOOD way. I was in love with that game the moment I met mort. I played fallout 2 which was one of the best written games that i have played still to this day. The reason I have absolutely no problem dishing out 60 bucks for an isometric rpg like this? Is because I know from experiance that these guys make some of the most brilliant industry shaping games that have resonated througout. You think fallout 3 was cool or new vegas? they wouldnt exist with out this team of people making wasteland. Baring one of the key dev's dying or a bad plane crash, this game has no reason not to be just as awesome. Now they are making it with public input to make it better then what it would have already been? Come on, take my money.Now im just waiting for the new Torment. If you like wasteland torment will blow your freaking mind."
76561198068259073,Not Recommended,240760,14656196,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,123,"Ok, so I maybe shouldnt be writing a review considering my little time in game, but it just wasn't what i expected. The combat is boring, turn based, and enemies just stand in the open blasting away at you in the classic turn-based style. I understand this is a remake now, and I'm sure much of the popularity is due to the fact that its a GOOD remake. I get that. But playing this never having played the wasteland series before, it just isn't fun for me."
,Recommended,240760,12167313,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,xsubtownerx,Wasteland 2 is exactly what you'd want in a classic-styled CRPG or any survival game for that matter. Meaningful decision making with tactical combat and a deep character creation system are just a few of the features that make this game stand out as a classic in the making. You'll be so engaged from the second you start the game that you'll easily ignore the small little quibbles. Highly recomended!http://youtu.be/3ihswZx76w0
76561198011703795,Recommended,240760,13197095,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,eddiefocus,"There needs to be more games like this.  If you love the original Fallout, buying this is a no-brainer!"
76561198041548265,Recommended,240760,12809815,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Thaddeus J. Spider,"Extremely good game, definitely worth your money. The Novelas in the digital deluxe edition are great, and the game can easily take you over 80 hours, even playing it semi-fast. For new generation games it plays just like X-Com. For older gamers it plays just like the origional fallouts. All in all I would recommend this game to anyone interested in RPGs."
,Not Recommended,240760,12267288,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,stvly,I had high hopes after hearing this series was so influential on Fallout.  It looks like it should have been released in 2006.
76561197982243937,Not Recommended,240760,12224267,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,__,"No mindexplosion hereWasteland 1 was a revolution. Games on the C64 were simple. Some of those guys and girls created The Bard's Tale and The Bard's Tale 3. They were my childhood heros and a big influence. Bard's Tale series were also quite simple but also quite addicting. Simple 21x21 dungeons with riddles and traps.Then Wasteland 1. Characters had skills. A major step forward. Instead of ""You see enemies at 30"" would you like to (F)ight (A)dvance or (R)un"" you actually saw the enemies. People from your group could break out of formation and move towards the enemy while the rest remained stationary.But what really was special about Wasteland 1 was that there were areas you couldn't enter at the beginning and all you had were mechanical and brawling weapons. And you slowly progressed, solving riddles, making your way. There was one town that didn't allow you to enter and after many hours you finally got ahold of some energy weapons. Yeah baby! And you returned and blasted those arrogant ♥♥♥♥ guards' heads off, looting their armor and weapons and ammo. Then you progressed inside the town to try and solve the riddle, the mystery. Mind blown, truly.Now Wasteland 2.First of all. It's a generic, linear and tier based game with a main storyline and sidequests, all nicely placed in your journal. The first quest after the starting zone quest might seems like it gives you choice but that's just an illusion. It doesn't matter which one you pick. You'll have to go through certain main storyline areas regardless. A game on wheels.There is no skill tree. The tree is a list. And you have stuff like Toaster repair. One would imagine that after a nuclear war toaster repair would be the least needed ""skill"". Something like camp building, scavanging, weapon repair or armor repair or digging or climing sounds more like it would be something that would be needed after a nuclear holocaust. There's nothing like this. It reeks of simplification and consolitis. A game for the WoW generation.The graphics.... boxes. Everywhere. Characters look like they're straight from Everquest 1. Basic low-poly models. It's ugly. Buildings are boxes. There is no art. It's just boxes. Zones are designed like ""hey let's place this box here and that box there"" ""and place a safe here and another container there"". Everything looks the same. Bunch of boxes.The humor... well some might find it funny that some guys dressed in black and nuns carry ♥♥♥♥♥♥ around. Anything remotely philosophical doesn't exist in this game. It's like watching explosions on TV all day. Just that there are no explosions. The story is flat and uninteresting. The humor is like ""look someone said♥♥♥♥♥♥♥teeheeheee"" aimed at 12 year olds.Progression, as said, is linear and tier-based. Every weapon has an upgrade. This one does 5-12 damage, next one does 8-16 damage. The ""weaponsmith"" skill lets you disassemble weapons for mods or junk parts. Both can be sold, mods can be applied. Since your inventory is always more or less full you have to pick the weaponsmith skill so your're able to make some money to buy ammo. The majority of the game you'll be managing your inventory, trying to open containers and running around. Zones are made intentionally that you have to spend quite a while running around so you have the impression of huge zones. Worst example is the railway station map. If this game has 60 hours of play time 30 are spent on walking around.Wasteland 1 was an innovator. Wasteland 2 brings nothing new on the table. We've seen this before in other games and better. It promised that my mind would explode like a blood sausage. No it didn't. Nothing mind-blowing to see here apart from the bland, uninspired game. And only because the games of the last 10 years were mostly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console ports doesn't excuse the game to be released in this state.Voice-overs? Few. Most dialogues aren't voiced. Only ""important"" NPC ones and only the first 1 or 2 paragraphs. This game is unfinished. There are game-stopping bugs. For instance you're asked to leave a party member of yours as a hostage until you solve a quest. You solve the quest and when the part member is about to return to your party instead you get a message that your party is full. You can't hire new members since the size of your party magically shrunk to 7 instead of 8. But you still have to carry around all its gear and ridiculously heavy quest items you can't dispose of because they're quest items. So inventory management got even more annoying.Man this game sucks. And if you voice your opinion on their forums you get banned for it.They blew at least 3 mil USD on this and some say they earned over 6 million. The game is a Wasteland sequel only in name. It's a bad game. Maybe in 2 years if they're not too busy working on titles they're really interested in like this deaders game what's it called again.. Torment you might see a game that's worth the money spent, not invested because you don't invest in Kickstarter games you give them money up front so they can create a game they would like to make and you won't see any profits but a bare-bones game like this.A bare-bones game. No fluff. Don't waste your money on Wasteland 2. It's not worth it."
76561198058557228,Not Recommended,240760,12517512,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,berekhat,"Walk somewhere and get killed by the first enemy you meet. Save and reload after every encounter because you can't afford to waste ammo if you miss or use medical expendables if you get damaged. Collect and sell every item you can loot or dig up and still not have enough cash to buy a basic trauma kit. Get frustrated by locked doors because you can't afford to spend points on the lockpick skill, or get frustrated by dying repeatedly because you did spend those points on locksmith skill, and now can't kill the thing behind the door.So much work has gone into the technical aspects of the combat system, but more or less zero on designing a game that is fun or rewqarding to play."
76561197964250105,Recommended,240760,8062532,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,outshiner665,"This is a serious game that requires serious amounts of time.  There is a rich story here and a ton of support for it.  If you want something different from the♥♥♥♥♥♥rpg's out there now, get it.  It you want it because it's basically Interplay, get it.  If you want it because you think it's gonna be like diablo, well, get it anyway."
76561198012084615,Recommended,240760,8058190,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,icysoft,"Fantastic, totally hooked!! Hope full release will be really really soon!"
76561197970552380,Not Recommended,240760,12927959,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,JoKeRmAn1878,"Good game but most bug ridden unstable game I've ever played including the stalker games! Intermitant hours of gameplay only to end up with a save game that will no longer load, absolute joke these days, especially when its a full price game!"
76561198079744965,Recommended,240760,8058948,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Preya,"I've just started to play it and i liked it a lot! It remainds me about fallout 1 and 2, but graphics is better."
76561197971964488,Not Recommended,240760,17850897,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"I am an oldshool gamer and i realy tried to like this, but it is just not that great.I read the comments and the articles praising this, but i just can not get into it.From what i can see in teh global achievments i am not alone with this, barely anyone played this for long or far (story-wise).Things that put me off (and i am sure there are more that i just can not name; it just feels not great):- missing voice for conversations (yes, i know we never had this in teh long-long-ago, but it still sucks)- bland characters, best described by there pictures that they share with about 20 other NPCs or PCs- story drivells away and has no great points- a bunch of needless and plannles running around can not make up for missing content and puzzles; revisiting has its use but it gets old when there are not even new enemys- questlog and progression are not build very well. sometimes quests just reach teh point where they decide ""they are done"" and even if you further but effort in them the outcome does not change. Sure this is a standart in RPGs but from wasteland 2's buildup it makes no sense- combat system and as that combat is very boring.  it missies weapons, skills, mechanics and A.I.I guess i will finish this soon, but i will not enjoy it much. I just wanna see if there si something more. But lets face it, games like this get worse in the later acts/arks. :/Do not buy over 8€."
,Not Recommended,240760,17727289,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Soullessone21[ЯHR],"Huge fan of the old fallouts and Fallout Tactics and Wasteland 2 looked great in the kickstarter. So I threw some money away and was super excited when it came out.Now I play it and it's kinda like bad sex, sure it's a little fun but your wishing hoping it will get good at some point. To make matters worse Randomly she starts talking and wont shut up and other times you have to read her signals when non are given and she gets mad at you for not reading her better.All and all a horrible game. hate the lack of good constant voice overs, plus the lack of any voice at many points. Come on fallout tactics came out like 10 years ago and almost every toon talks as well as the fact the items are far too many and far too useless.Will never recommend this game and never fund another kick starter.Way to ruin my faith in gaming kickstarters"
,Recommended,240760,16481572,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nova,Difficult? apocalyptic? futuristic? deep rpg stuff?I'm in love<3
,Not Recommended,240760,16828624,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,BashUpBear,Broken piece of expensive junk.
76561198157544567,Not Recommended,240760,17294686,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,wanisalwayswan,BORINGG... nothing new. better play fallout 1 & 2 instead.
76561198102542090,Not Recommended,240760,17688886,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ZETA6,play fallout tactics its cheeper better and fallout so if it sucked it would still be better
,Not Recommended,240760,12377114,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Fuzzyballs01,"You want my review? Let me give you a review.The game is repetitive, every battle is pretty much going to be the same, characters will go in the same order, you will give them the same orders, and it'll always end the same way, with the enemy dead, or you quick-loading.The game doesn't even look good, their characters look terrible. And when you reach LA, you get such a huge increase in difficulty it's annoying. ""choices matter""? they barely ever do, I'll admit they do more than in other games. The music isn't great, it gets annoying after a while.They call it a tactics game, but there are barely any tactics in it, you just duck and shoot, screw cover.Half the weapon types are useless, only put in the game for more enemy variety, your deputies are basically useless until you reach LA.Do you want a good tactics game? Skip this oneIs it a bad game? No, it's decent, not great, but decent.Should you pay full price? No, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,240760,24512477,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,whyme✿ Bv,"An honest to god modern game made in the style of classic RPGs. It's challenging and not very forgiving, but the gameplay is fun, the writing is humorous and there's a ton of content. Yes, and what has been said about it a thousand times before is true, this game is what fallout 3 SHOULD have been."
76561198000510670,Not Recommended,240760,24303351,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,metl,"I really wanted to love this game. I generally adore turn-based, squad level strategy games. This one has a lot going for it, but it has a handful of issues which are just crippling.First, the camera controls are abyssmal. In this day and age of camera freedom in most games, having such wonky controls is a step backwards. The camera never stays put and constantly resets itself any time you do anything. It's just frustrating to have to constantly readjust the camera because it decided to snap back to some awkward position.Second, the player character models are terrible, low quality and with pretty lousy customization options.Third, the character skill system is just really lacking, ""Toaster Repair"" being the prime example. Why on earth would they make something out of place? Of all the different capabilites, I have to spend points in a niche skill in order to repair a smattering of toasters laying around for rewards that really aren't worth the expense. Why? Just take that whole thing out. It just doesn't fit and makes no sense from both a gameplay or story perspective. It's ridiculous just for the sake of being ridiculous.The combat is fun, but can be frustrating when you're stuck in combat and can't find why.I really wanted to like this game. I've tried and tried, but I just can't get past the camera issues. It seems even worse with the ""Director's Cut."""
,Not Recommended,240760,15979013,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ark,"It's not a bad game,  but not worth the money at all.If you like this type of play style, try pillar of eternity or divinity: original sin. They are much better.If you like wasteland settings, play the fallout series.Not worth the money, I would say It's only worth half the current price."
76561197999788920,Recommended,240760,14077054,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,lispnik,Best toaster repair simulator ever.
76561198103747786,Not Recommended,240760,16608809,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,EnemaBandit,"To put it simply, Wasteland 2 is outclassed in all departements by a 15 year old game. Fallout Tactics had a better combat system, it had a better character system, it had squad members with more personnality, it had a similar linear story but didnt pretend otherwise, it had more atmosphere and prettier maps and Fallout Tactics was a good surprise once you stopped wishing it was an RPG or a sequel to Fallout 1 & 2."
,Recommended,240760,12870898,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,jaymz,"Fun game, lots of gameplay, challenging at times...I like the character creation and the party system.  Weapons are bountiful and diverse, but once you get your party the way you want it you'll find that you get too many useless weapons.  The story is really good and engaging.  I've seen some criticism of the in game camera, and while it's not without its issues, but it doesn't ruin the game.Overall, this is a good game and fun to play.  It's easy to get the hang of and hard to stop playing."
76561198030360391,Recommended,240760,12866459,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Blackstone,"I was looking forward to this game...And it was definitely worth the wait. InXile proves that they can deliver the game I hoped for and then some. It is true to its roots, and an experience I enjoy. It is reasonably challenging, and delivers an excellent atmosphere. All in all a good game."
76561197982384806,Not Recommended,240760,18550963,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Lemming,"So much of this game boils down to cheap and boring gameplay elements. The game actively goes out of its way to be boring, from the expensive ammo, to the very short ranged guns, to the slow and almost pointless skill checks making looting overly time consuming, to the slow combat animations and the massive and sudden jumps in enemy health pools making combat a real drag. This is old skool gaming, without the lessons learnt from the new.Bizarre gameplay choices, like having the weapons have big jumps in damage dealt with each tier, mean levelling up your character feel pointless as well as confusing and frustrating as you never know what ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t skill check they're going to throw at you next. Several skills are utterly useless unless you constantly level them (all the speech checks) and ultimately add little to the gameplay.It's so close to being a good game, but it so often shoots itself in the foot with outdated and boring gameplay elements that feel unfinished, imbalanced and rushed even now.The writing is fun and interesting, but again they shoot themself in the foot with annoying printing animation and buggy implementation. There are supposed to be secret words in the text that you can trigger but because the other character just goes 'huh?' to virtually everything you type it is very immersion breaking and ultimately a silly feature that makes you always suspect you are being cheated out of part of the story for not wanting to gruellingly type every interesting looking word.And that word, gruelling, ultimately describes a lot of the mechanics in this game, time sinks for time sinks sake to make an actually fairly normal length game appear long. lots of walking and clicking and walking and clicking.The director's cut hasn't really added anything much or addressed any of these issues and the truth is everytime you have a random encounter it generally feels like a chore rather than a pleasure.If I could I'd give it a 'meh'."
,Not Recommended,240760,17243978,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,RuneImp,"Great game. Love the mechanics. Hate that it crashes ALL the time on my iMac. I used to crash often and I figured out if you exit to menu and ""continue"" instead of just loading a saved game the game crashes less. Also not doing ANYTHING AT ALL while the quick save notification is visible it will crash much less. This makes the quick save take longer than just opening the menu and saving but whatever. After a week or so of a much less crashy game I now have a situation that if I open the Inventory the character screen is often screwed up. Or I'll open the map and it's blank except for the squad and exit markers. The game is ALWAYS about to crash when this happens. This can happen immediately after loading the game. Good luck. Wish I could give it a great review. The game is awesome in every way except for it's crazy instability."
76561197967045631,Not Recommended,240760,15442337,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Steaksauce,"Its overly confusing with too many redundant skills, I got to the point where I was able to flow through the game smoothly and was comfortable with the play style but then I really got bored of the fight style and outrageous variability in gun damages and not having rest points etc. Ok Im confused and dont know what to do next to complete the quest, good job developers? is that what you want? do you want us to discover how to get to the next part through persistence and fun interactions and smooth gameplay? NO apparently you want us to get frustrated and say ♥♥♥♥ it, we were just tolerating this♥♥♥♥♥♥fighting system anyways, might as well just quit"
76561198051639611,Not Recommended,240760,15646583,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,dragon187,Just tried playing it again and I just can't.It's just too tedious and unrewarding.
76561198048586238,Not Recommended,240760,15005741,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,superfunkibey,"So glad I got this on sale.  I have played the original and all Fallout games, and I had hoped this would have been everything Fallout Tactics failed to be.Sadly I did not expect simplified skill system, simplified combat, terrible character models, useless map interface, and many others.Over hyped in my opinion."
76561197992842237,Not Recommended,240760,16593239,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,aleks144,"Usually crached like every hour or so. But at the final location and battle Oops! crased, Crashed crahed crased crahed like every 15 seconds at the moment of save, exchange items, just anything happening,whatfriecking anytime when I even didn't do anything, crashed, opps game crashed.Oops! Game crashed.I couldn't finish it. (Windows XP 32 4G of memory) No way to find error logs folder. Tried out all of possible ""fixes"" - by the way, should I do it? Is it beta or what?Will try to figure out money return procedure  (is it possible?)"
,Not Recommended,240760,13764279,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bobby Gontarski,"Terrible combat, gameplay is too bad to even play out the story. What a disappointment, 10+ years old and still Jagged Alliance 2 (with mods) has a better engine.Combat feels like a rip of the new xcom, so if you like that game you will probably like this."
,Recommended,240760,8110422,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Cumshotting rainbows,HArd♥♥♥♥♥game. The way I like them.
76561198026212588,Recommended,240760,8070086,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Zalzalec,Its nice to have the old masters back at the helm. Original Wasteland and Fallout fans will love this game immediately. Just remember for the moment it is a beta build. Bugs abound but its surprisingly whole for its state. Looking forward to more!
76561198019155315,Recommended,240760,13002352,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Dirtnap,It just gets better and better :)
76561198025657531,Not Recommended,240760,14991984,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Golden Monkey,"Maybe I need to put more time into this game but it just strikes me as unintuitive, unpolished and dull. I can't imagine I'll ever play or enjoy this game as much as I did the new XCOM."
76561198026699383,Not Recommended,240760,20524653,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,dheim,"lots of players and professional reviewers loved this gamei can't really see how. unless they never played to any turn based game before (not even the first XCOM, for christ's sake) and can't see how dull and repetitive is combat. i couldn't stand it after the first hour of gameplay."
76561198036380764,Recommended,240760,18541083,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Darkkills,"-Make you and you're friends!-Watch you and you're friends die!-Reload-Die-Reload-Die-Remake team so that its more well rounded.-Die-Lower difficulty to normal-Become king/queen of the wasteland8.5/10Plays a lot like X-com with more freedom and no real class limitations. Have a team of snipers, knights, or have a team of mad griendeers (grenaders? not looking it up... its Grenadiers) who all specialize in repairing toasters."
,Not Recommended,240760,13719853,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,mordaunt,"The weapon system is unbalanced, AR and explosives are way too OP. Some skills are useless, some are ridiculous: why do I have to spend different skillpoints to be able to open safes, doors and hack computers? The random number generator is pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The graphics come from, like, 2004.There are flaws in the cornerstones of this game. I don't want to write a long review because I played many turn-based combat games like Fallouts (even godawful Fallout: Tactics was better than this) and Silent Storm, and I don't have to waste another 100 hours on this game. This is yet another example of ""series revival"" gone wrong."
,Recommended,240760,12947687,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,distem,"Good game.  Movement speed of enemies should be reduced though, it seems like your average melee enemy can traverse the entire length of the battle mat and engage in melee with your sniper before he can fire a shot.  They should have combat formations for the party, they just sort of walk in a big blob, which is annoying if an enemy gets a drop on you.  To avoid unpleasant situations in combat (like your heavy gunnery being entirely surrounded by other party members) you can individually move each character into position before triggering combat, but this could have been made easier by simply allowing for alternate marching formations."
,Recommended,240760,8587711,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,MountainTop!,"I personally think this game is going to be awesome when it is finished.  As of right now though, there are so many bugs that I would wait until the game is released to purchase(for way cheaper too) unless of course you like the beta sort of thing.  I am going to recommend this game, but the recommendation is for when it is released."
76561198007980490,Recommended,240760,8599065,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Chuckles McGee,"I heard of the original but never played it. I bought this early access to try it out. I can see where this game will have success and draw people to it, however, it is not a $59.99 quality game. More like a $19.99. Almost exactly same style as the game Krater."
76561198004957726,Recommended,240760,8699195,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Hairycooky,"This game is a great mix of Fallout and text adventure, a lot of the features still lack polish but it's still fun to play just to see where it's going to go. Even though it's still in beta, it shows some great promise. There are a fairly decent amount of bugs and things that need to be fixed, but don't let that deter you from getting the game. Even if you don't feel like paying the $60 for it right now, the creators even stated that the price will drop a good amount after the game is released.The game really seems like the type that you would buy if you're a fan of the original Fallout games or just someone who loves turn based RPGs. But whether or not this is an excellent game to get, even if you want to wait for it to go down in price you should still get it."
,Recommended,240760,8763569,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,psychoman101,"I have been waiting for a game like this for years ""TRUE FANS"" of this genre will love this. If you were old enough to remeber the original wasteland, Fallout 1 and Fallout 2, you ""MUST"" play this game!"
,Recommended,240760,8700023,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Xoralis®,"Awesome!!!  Think of the original Falllout series and bring it into the new Graphic century. Great old shcool RPG feel with all the options to choose for upgrading your squad and good apocolyptic feel. If you were a fan of the original Fallout series and you don't own this yet.. I have to say i'm not angry at you...just...disspaointed...Overall takes me back to my Fallout 1,2 and Tactics days.....brilliant. Worth the money... SO EXCITED!!"
,Recommended,240760,8768594,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,ipapotihus,"A great promising game, I can't wait to play it all !"
76561197974782168,Recommended,240760,8629392,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,PulloutKing69,As of right now the game looks like it will be as amazing as Fallout 1 and 2. I really cant wait for the future patches and new additions the devs will bring.
76561198066379941,Recommended,240760,8687893,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,brentten26,"I Recommend this when it comes out in full release it already is fun but it will be a great game. This ahd the Pilliars of Eternity and the the Planscape game are games that will bring back a true game at least thats how I feel. This game is built on consequences and karma now everyones view on karma is diffrent. For instance letting 10 people to die to save a whole village or letting everyone else die to save ten people. However if the whole village is messed up with gangs then save those ten people. This game also has great combat using cover and using the terrain to your advantage over game play due to how the game is going to be you prob would have to beat the game close to 30 times or more to do everything within reason however the set up on how you do your cast will be diffrent that infinite becuase you can take many diffrent routes like a 1000 or more before you recycle on how you make you elite squad, unless you are a experinced sqad base game player it may take you 10 or more try to make a decent sqad. People will make guides however that does not mean its the best makeup."
76561197981077522,Recommended,240760,10192346,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,CL4P-TP,Nothing more to say its just Awesome game
76561198018571913,Recommended,240760,10205176,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,GOD EMPEROR TRUMP,"A great game. this is beautifuly made and very fun, a great accomplishment for a small team.the combat is takes a turn based strategy style, very similar to X-Com's, or even baldurs gate a bit. there are secrets EVERYWHERE so look carefully, the graphics are nice for a pre realease title, but still not the best but the lighting is wonderful. although this isnt for everyone, there are many who will like it, so i recomend it to any one who has played the original or any of the fallouts.8/10"
,Not Recommended,240760,14375825,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Hollowsong,"I love the character creation skills; I love the concept; I love rpgs. This game has (had?) so much potential. Much like a modern apocalyptic version of Arcanum (that great isometric steampunk game from Sierra).Unfortunately, the quests and storyline are absolutely, beyond description-justice, terrible. It's like one long errand.There's a part of the early game where you contract a life-threatening disease (and there's a timer) and you think ""omg I don't care about anything right now except curing my characters... hurry up and cure my characters so I can go back to enjoying the game"". Then you find out that it's like a 30-part quest just to get the cure. It's not fun. I flew past all the areas because of that damn plague timer. I would describe the experience like being stuck in a mosh pit and you have diarrhea... and you see the restroom way off in the distance... but there are 12 locked grates, poison gas, 15 diaglog-ridden side-quests between it and you, and once you reach it you realize it's just a sign and the bathrooms are out of order, so you have to go back the way you came, behind the building, and crap near the dumpsters.I digress.Seriously though, I had a blast with the first quest. It seems like it would be so much fun if it were a tactical combat rpg like it leads you to think... not like the errand-running puzzle fest where every corridor is blocked off and leads to a another 1hr side quest which has 2 locked doors which requires 2 more side quests. It's the kind of puzzle maze nonsense that would make Hansel and Gretel blush.Quests go like this:  you need X. To do X you need to go on the other side of the map. Oh, it's blocked. Ok, 3 fetch quests to unblock this. Great. Oh, you failed your computer check? Gotta go around. Oh but in order to go around you need to fix this broken generator. Ah, right, you'll need John from Across-The-Map again to give you the part you need to fix it. John needs you to find his missing heirloom though first before he can trust you. *long hours of clicking and walking*. Ok, here's the item, got the part, walk across the map, fix the generator, got one of the 3 fetch-quest items. Return the part. Go to 2nd fetch quest.♥♥♥♥♥♥ path is blocked. Need 2 more quests to unlock the door...Meanwhile, the timer is ticking down and your plague-ridden party is slowly dying. Ugh."
76561198157325416,Recommended,240760,23609239,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,roger_morningstar,this game is like fallout 1 and Xcom. if morden and feels great to play for house and house. it's got a lot of conten and it is well worth a buy.
76561198084724100,Not Recommended,240760,18708286,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,jonathanjpmarsh,"My favourite kind of game...So many bugs... its unbeleivable how this version can be released with so many obvious issues... seriously, my first play through only to encounter so many BUGS!!!I have played this for a few hours and have given up... will wait until they fix it (if ever)First bug to encounter... the options menu, the settings i have used / turned off suddenly turn back on when i reload a save... such a VSYNC. Going through Ag Centre a bug occured when i reloaded only to find i couldnt click on anything on the lower left hand screen and the hot keys wern't working, even ESC wouldnt even take me back to the menu... i had to force quit because everything was unresponsive. After reloding and encountering the same issues i simply whet to the hot keys menu and reset the hotkeys.. in fact i reset everything... phew the game started working. I spoke to the main char in AG Centre only to find i couldnt even click on the ""next"" button to continue the conversation it was stuck on ""Click Anywhere, Press Enter or Space"" i reaslised after getting so frustrated that i couldnt even get through the conversation that i started pressing every button on the keyboard to see if anything would respond... i pressed enter.. the random keys i typed went on to the message/convo log. Its look as though it was stuck on keyword finding mode and wouldnt let me press ENTER to actually move on to the next convo lol. WHAT!My point is i havent even gone through the first real fight yet in the game i encounted a few game crashing bugs... WHY WAS THIS RELEASED YET!!... such a great style of game... too much messy coding... not enough polish... not enough skill to get the game to a point where it is truly playable. Will wait until a few patches get added before going through this frustratingly buggy game. Not Happy...I thought this dev would have learned from their mistake lauching a bugridden first Wasteland 2... obviously not. Im going back to Fallout tactics until this game becomes playable..."
76561197969421529,Recommended,240760,12871372,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Twistcap,Really a good game with about 80 hours of gameplay. It felt good old rpg from the original fallout.Story is nice and many choice can be made. Really worth the trip!
76561197992693887,Not Recommended,240760,12290514,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,greenmark1979,"It breaks my heart to NOT Recommend Wasteland 2. :sigh: Where do I begin? It is not Fallout or anything resembling Fallout. But even if you make no comparison to Fallout, Wasteland 2 as an isometric rpg falls short of greatness by a long mile...This game has drained me of the passion I felt for the entire genre, not to mention the let down of the 2yr+ development of this game. I am so drained I'm not going to go into further detail about why Wasteland 2 is not a great game. Not even a very good game, in fact. Its cheap... there I said it. Its a ramshackle train wreck and a waste of kickstarter dollars. You just sit and wait for it to get better but it doesn't. Think I'll just go back and play Fallout 2.0/10"
76561198002863073,Not Recommended,240760,12292018,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,bortengineer,"Don't get me wrong, Wasteland 2 is not a bad game. The problem is that it's not a good game either. At the beginning It definitely gives you that sweet feeling of an old style RPG, but as you go deeper into the game, you start to realise that it's just the surface and Wasteland 2 is pretty dull at the inside. It's not about some major issues, the problem is that there are huge number of small ones.1) Game mechanics is not transparent. Do you know that high combat initiative allows you have more than one move in a turn? Do you know how luck affects drop rates? How charisma works, is it party-based or character-based? Do you know that formula for action points is (STR+INT+SPD)/4+CRD/2. Sure, you can dig forums and find answers to most of your questions, but you can't find them in game.2) Boring levels. Maps are quite big and full of hidden crates and containers. There are no shortage of mobs as well. It makes progression tedious and dull.3) Most skills are poorly designed. Computer science, demolitions, lockpicking, safecracking, toaster repair - in 95% of the situations you use them to get access to some loot. And you really need that loot and those skills, because ammo is sparse. I found that Mechanical Repair and Animal Whisperer to be enjoyable, just because they are not used routinely.4) There are dosens of crates, safes, and blah-blah on the map. Almost all of them contains some junk, a little bit of ammo and tiny amount of money. It makes the gameplay grindy and tedious. Instead it would be much better to remove 90% of the crates and fill remaining 10% with cool items, and give the player feeling of the accomplishment.5) The storyline is not engaging and full of cliches. It really fits theme of original Wasteland, but what was good back in 80s is boring and repetitive now. It reminds me of Fallout Tactics, which is not cool. To be fair, there are good things about the story as well: i really like emphasis on hard decisions and ""you can't save em all"" attitude.6) There are times when game really breaks the immersion.  First time you see a honey badger - it's really funny. Second time, it's ok. But when you see a whole valley full of them, you just facepalm. There are no day/night cycle (fallout 1/2, arcanum, hell - even Ultima 7 had that). And yeah - dosens of crates full of staff in what was supposed to be a wasteland.7) And list goes on and on.Note, that none of these issues are gamebreaking or something. They just take away some satisfaction of the game. So if your are a fun of post-apocalypse theme and turn based combat - by all means get it, but wait for the sale. Otherwise - avoid."
76561198026534943,Not Recommended,240760,12530932,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Farside,"First off, I like this game.  If you liked the orginial Baluders Gate or Fallout you will like this game.  Feels very much the same except for my reason to NOT RECOMMEND the game.  BUGS BUGS BUGS.  Not the fun kind you can shoot, but the bad kind the made about half of my quest lines to not finish (I played Hollywood after Patch #2, and it was still hand many many broken quests).It was not just that the quest would not clear from my logbook, but also that quest in the actuall game would lock up and be unfinishable.  I'm sure if I did it in the right order, it may work, but in a game like this, it is very easy to not do things in the ""correct"" order (you kill the guy/steel the intel/destory the base/etc.  before getting the quest).  The game was clearly intended to be finished and explored in any order the player feels is correct, but the scripting does not support it.Other little problems:1)  NPC Pictures did not match the text descriptions or the model about 90% of the time.2)  Lots of unclear timers.  Timers are ok, if the player really understands what they should be doing, otherwise not fun.3)  Old school interfaceMaybe after a fan made ""fixed"" verson of the game's scripting is done, I would recommend it (or patch number 10 or so comes out)."
76561198046946973,Not Recommended,240760,12533433,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,v312ym34n,"3/5I've been playing Wasteland 2 and feeling a little disappointed. It's too retro.The pacing is on the slow side, and it's not the best-looking game.OK, it's set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland, but character designs and backgrounds can still look good. Like, the environments of Bethesda's Fallout 3 were dramatic and beautiful even if they were all drab gray ruins. My performance should not be this poor for a game that looks like this.And the skill use is just a touch too slow. If one needs to save-load-spam to get past a lock, or if there are a lot of mines to disarm, it's tedious.And the combat does not feel as dynamic and tactical as, say, the X-Com remake's. There's really only 2 options: headshot and burst, otherwise one crouches the team and shoots and that's it for tactics. X-Com's system encouraged much more movement and flanking, as well as having special abilities by class that affect tactics. And of course, Divinity: Original Sin introduces a lot of tricks with spell interactions that can control the battlefield, or that rapidly move characters around the battlefield. Compared to X-Com and D:OS, the combat in W2 feels primitive.Also, it REALLY needs formation options. It's damn tedious having to individually click on the characters to spread them out before triggering combat. Most of the time I just have them clustered up non-optimally because I can get away with it, but it would have been nice if there were Baldur's Gate style formations. If there is an option for this and I'm just too slack to find it in the interface, please, tell me.If I hadn't played Divinity: Original Sin or X-Com, I would probably really enjoy Wasteland 2. It's still a decent game, but it feels like D:OS just does it better. It's prettier, the combat is more fun, the pacing is better....Wasteland 2 feels like there was a little too much old-school thinking limiting their design decisions.And some of the mechanics just plain feel WEIRD. Like how disconnected attributes are from skill use. Or the way energy weapons work with armor. There should NEVER be a situation where it's better to have lower armor, that's just dumb.Plus there are too many skills that cover similar things like lockpick + safecracaking, 3 skills all covering dialogue, etc. Do shotguns, rifles, sniper rifles, smgs really all need separate skills? It ought to just be small arms, long arms, energy weapons and heavy. It seems COMPLETELY random that toaster repair requires its own skill.Normally, I'd still recommend this game as it's still above average, but there are SO many great games out or soon to be out; I would hold this purchase until it's on sale.I'm frankly astonished at how many people seem to love it. I mean, it's okay, and I'm still going to finish it, but they write like they love it. Did they not also play Divinity: Original Sin, an also crowdfunded game that is superior in nearly every way? I loved the old school rpgs too (the Fallout games, the Infinity Engine games, the gold box games), but a great deal of the good feelings around this game seem to be driven by nostalgia more than what it actually delivers."
76561197961689516,Not Recommended,240760,12264471,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,PHJF,"Hints of greatness marred by poor design.If one's goal as a developer is to revive classical game mechanics, one has to be sure of actually improving upon them.  Wasteland 2 is ultimately a pale imitation.  The Unity engine powering WL2  performs poorly, looks bad, and is accompanied by fairly unimpressive audio throughout.  The crux of the game, combat, is unbalanced and uninteresting.  But for all its faults, is Wasteland 2 worth a play for true fans of the long-dormant genre?A big part of making a believable wasteland lies in making sure the details standout.  With few exceptions, WL2 fails to create the visual and audio cues necessary toward really immersing the player.  Instead of supplementing the audio/visual presentation of an area, WL2 instead opts to incessantly hurl descriptive text.  What would have been a charming callback to games of yesteryear is instead used, endlessly, in an attempt to cover up lackluster design.  Environments and the denizens therein are hopelessly underdeveloped, with the biggest culprit being the severe lack of character portraits.  I've met no fewer than three distinct characters all using the exact same portrait.  In a game prided for its community support, surely the developers could have reached out to fans for some more variation.  Character models themselves are messy, blurry, blocky affairs complemented by unnatural animation.  But enough about presentation; true fans of Wasteland, Fallout et al would never disparage a game for not looking like it was developed by Crytek.They would, however, disparage a game for playing poorly.  Right off the bat, player creation hammers the player with boundless stats whose longterm value is questionable at best.  How does .1 combat speed affect units?  How about +1 initiative?  What's the difference between selecting 4 intelligence and 5?  It is all too easy to hamstring oneself out the gate because the game does a remarkably poor job explaining all this.  The value of character skills runs the gamut, as well: after selecting a Mechanic skill for one of my units, I progressed through the game  almost never having been able to use it.  Why is lockpicking separate from safe cracking?  Why is alarm disarming separate from trap disarming?  Why can virtually any character, regardless of skill, use the supremely powerful (and rare) explosive weapons to perfect effect?  The skills screen tells me ammo for assault rifles and sniper rifles is more expensive than for handguns and submachine guns, and yet later on in the wastes the opposite holds true.  When the absolute basic mechanics at work in a game are flawed, the entire experience suffers for it.Speaking of flawed mechanics, how about that combat?  In a word, it's broken.  There's a slew of weapon types from which to choose, but some end up being significantly stronger than others.  Player characters never have quite enough skill points to be godlike killing machines, and if you've chosen poorly, there's no way to get those points back.  For a great stretch of the game my party featured two melee characters, but the few weapons available to them put said characters at an enormous disadvantage.  The heavy armor you'd expect to pair with such combatants instead hampers their movement to such a degree that they may spend half the battle simpliy shuttling between enemies.  And the enemies?  In a game featuring up to seven player-controlled characters (Take that, X-Com!), competent AI is a must.  Unfortunately, and this is the absolute biggest thorn in WL2's side, the AI is consistently absent.  The tactical combat WL2 aims to deliver flies straight out the window from the outset.  When combat begins, rather than units flanking, sniping, crippling, and controlling one another to sweat-inducing effect over the course of several nail-biting turns filled with careful planning and deliberate execution (ala the recent X-Com game), it devolves into one amorphous blob of units colliding with another amorphous blob of units until one blob lies dead.  Mainstays of tactical combat such as cover systems, range limitations, flanking, unit position, fields of fire, suppression, crippling wounds, stealth, targeted shots, etcetera etcetera are either completely absent or barely qualify as being in infancy.  Without fail, combat begins with enemy units covering several screens worth of distance on the first turn to stand directly in front of my characters.  How such tragically broken combat (in a game filled to the brim with it) made it to release is beyond me.So, the bottom line: is Wasteland 2 worth playing?  This is a tough.  On the one hand, as a gamer who grew up on Fallout, Jagged Alliance, Silent Storm and, yes, the original Wasteland, the prospect of an old-school video game renaissance thrills me.  The relative success in crowdfunding of Wasteland 2 and similar games proves I'm not alone in wantingmoreof its ilk.  Anything is better than nothing... right?  On the other hand, as somebody who puts Fallout 1 and 2 (and yes, even Tactics) up on a pedestal, looking past Wasteland 2's myriad faults becomes too difficult.  On its own, it may be an acceptable diversion.  But next to developer Brian Fargo's previous masterpieces, it simply doesn't hold a candle.  Significant patching and/or modding could remedy or obscure some of the more fundamental issues, but in its released state, I can't recommend Wasteland 2."
76561197993221160,Not Recommended,240760,12268643,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,HexiDave,"First few sections of the game felt pretty solid, but the second half of the game in particular really seemed to drag on. Worse, bugs started cropping up more and more often. NPCs getting caught on objects mid-movement in combat causing the game to become stuck permanently, cutscenes playing off-screen, broken quests, typos in the dialog, redundant quest items wasting inventory space (mostly the rad suits - how many times is the same plot point going to be a major quest line?), fairly weak voice-acting (Matthias in particular), and just a slew of ""little things.""There was never really any point where the game grabbed me, which was probably its biggest failing for me. There wasn't any story or dialog that blew me away, and the combat never grew into anything special. It just felt like they took what they did in the first game and made the safest possible sequel they could. I constantly had a feeling the developers saw what they had and said, ""Eh, close enough"" and called it a day. I can't even remember a point where any of the voice actors really raised their voice beyond speaking volume.I'm sure patches will clear up a lot of the technical issues and typos, but the underlying problems are probably going to last."
,Recommended,240760,10028870,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Sticks Wiener,"as someone who is starving for new fallout content, this is perfect. I'm reminded of what Project Van Buren could have been, really glad to see so many vets from the franchise working on this. Shoutout to chris avellone, one of my favorite game designers to ever have presence in the industry.pros-basically more falloutcons-bugs but that's to be expected from a game currently in development!back these dudes, ♥♥♥♥ wit it"
76561197964283610,Not Recommended,240760,21035822,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,{SNaP}Ghetto^Tech,Seriously Disappointed. I was a huge fan of the first wastland and was hoping for more of the same. The camera controls are terrible and combat is not very fun at lower levels.  Each encounter ends up being 5+ monsters and having to spend all your cash on med kits takes the fun out of it.On sale it might be worth checking out but I feel sorry for those who paid full price for this.
76561198049177781,Recommended,240760,27603830,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,smashNgrab,"This game was really fun.  If you enjoy old school, turn based, tactical games then I highly recommend you try this one."
76561198169086700,Not Recommended,240760,14582363,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,evin.olson,"This game is fun and entertaining.  However, if you use linux you will NOT enjoy this game because there a terrible stupid fog of war bugs that make it nearly impossible to play.  The screen will go blank and you will see nothing until you get to just the right spot on the map.  Even in battle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You not be able to see where you are going nor see where you have been.  You will not be able to see upcoming enemis, you will not be able to see things you can pick up.  Your entire experience will be RUIINED by this infernal bug.  Hiow many patches have there been?  6 so far since September but you will not have the bug fixed you will just have a forty dollar paper weight and that is if you bought the physical game.  Me?  I bought this on steam and so I don't even get that.  All I get is something I want to play and enjoy but I can't!This bug is unacceptable.  I paid money for this and I might as well have torn my money up and burnt it because the end result is the same.  I no longer have my money and I have nothing for it.  NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!So if you are a linux gamer and are depressed by the lack of games you can also add to that fustration the games that do run on linux but have such terrible support that a bug that renders the game unplayable continues for MONTHS after release even though several so-called patches.  I am so jaded right now!!!!!!!!!  Is there notice of this bug before purchase?  NO!  Is there mention of this bug on the website of the studio?  Yes, but the bug is only mentioned by the dozens of people it is inflicted upon.  Has there been any official notice or even a post on a forum acknowledging the bug exists and working on fixing?  NO!This bitter avalanche of complaints is the culmination of my dispair.  I realize that the bug in the end is probably a remnant of some other bug that exists within the terrible support for all linux drivers.  Well get it would be nice if such notice is posted or offered but it isn't. Just frustration and the loss of hard earned money on my part.  I will try to get my nominally stolen money back but I won't hold my breath.  What I have done is learned that  linux is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of gaming and even though its potential is far greater in running the these games it will alway left up to people that don't seem to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥Linux users beware of this game... be forewarned that there are terrible fog of war bugs that render this game unplayable.  Know that if you take the chance to throw your money away on this crap you will make thieves of the game studio and victims of yourself."
76561197960278620,Recommended,240760,17177181,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,damion,great. fallout feeling :D
,Recommended,240760,13741481,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SlipGate,This game is prefection they should of been making RPG games like this along time ago.It's great to see the Indi sceen with Kickstarter and everything take off.
,Recommended,240760,10361617,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,CosmicHobo,"I keep telling myself to wait for the release! I keep failing myself, I only play part way through AG Center or Highpool, and I've only given it short sessions since I bouight it. It has come a long way since it was released on steam as EA. The UI in all aspects has been really cleaned up. A  few bugs persist, but nothing game breaking (like having to zoom out further to leave a map in some instances). All in all I am very excited for the full release in August (hopefully)!So lets get down to it. Sounds are great. From weapons firing to people talking, its all well done! Music is on point. I love listening to it, although sometimes it cuts out, alot. This could be on my end, because it does happen in a few other games I own, but not all of them, although worth pointing out. The graphics are generally good, not great, but far from bad... In most instances, you can tell its not quite done basically. One random encounter on the roof tops really sticks out because you are zoomed in pretty close and you can't zoom out very far at all and thats when the graphical short comings will be most glaring. The control response is excellent, They go where I want them to, and shoot who I want. Grouping and Solo is achieved with a little button that takes some getting used to. I'll often forget I have the party selected to perform an action when trying to just select my sniper to take the opening shot, and they will all shoot wasting that precioous ammo! Not really a flaw, or oversight, it does leave you some great flexibilty and ease of command when just roaming. Just got to get used to it really.I highly recommend this game to any fan of Wasteland or Fallout. You'll find this a solid throw back even in this early state. Granted if you aren't on board with paying 60 dollars you could wait for the release where the price will drop significantly."
76561198032217449,Recommended,240760,10378040,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Raptor,"About: Reincarnating a classic and influential RPG franchise last seen in 1988, Wasteland 2 is the direct sequel to the first ever post-apocalyptic computer RPG. Much like its predecessor, this sequel is set in a dangerous, post-apocalyptic world, and aims to deliver a strong storyline requiring painful decisions by players and maximum re-playability for those who want to explore the depths of the game.Comment: Wasteland 2 is one of the best postapocalyptic role-playing games to emerge in a long time--and it's not even finished yet."
76561198043779615,Not Recommended,240760,20315993,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ildun,"I have to say I dislike the feel, instead of post-apocalypse style, I think it is more like cowboy style."
76561198028064530,Not Recommended,240760,15891214,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,reastar,"I played Wastelands 1 and was hoping 2 would be a good game, and mostly it is ok, but the number of broken / bugged quests is just sad, did they not qa it at all?"
76561198011363075,Not Recommended,240760,15328809,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Matt,The game itself is great. It plays like the sequel to the original Fallout games that never happened due to Bethesda getting the IP. I've had tons of fun playing the game.I'm not recommending it due to continually crashing on Mac. I've played for stretches where it crashed every 10-15 minutes. It borders on unplayble. Windows does seem just fine.
76561198008465495,Recommended,240760,10782960,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bob,"Attempt to crack safe or pick locked door.92% percent chance to succeed. 1% chance to critically fail.First attempt: Critically fail and break the lock.Nice one, Ranger."
76561198022345901,Recommended,240760,10828139,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Caleb367,Made a living selling cockroach asses.10/10
76561198032778168,Recommended,240760,34827515,Posted: 8 September,all,macca,"if you like old school 90's style games, then this is right up your alley."
76561197982844462,Recommended,240760,18596469,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,brassi77,"In my opinion, this is one of the top 10 crpgs ever made.  It has everything I look for in a crpg - party creation, good chargen and chardev, lots of ways that your skills interact with the environment, good combat, good story, great characters (like the kid that follows you around in the California base, Chisel, etc).9.5/10The only cons for me are -Would have liked 5 or 6 character creation instead of 4Too many and too much leveling that kind of makes the character development less meaningful.  A level cap of 20, 25 or 30 with slower leveling would have fit better IMO3d does nothing and adds nothing to the game but annoyance.  A fixed camera like PoE, Dark Sun, FO, etc, would have been my preferenceThat's it.  And I am well aware my cons are not really shared by the community at large.Honestly, I did not believe inXile was capable of making a crpg, never mind a rpg I that is in my top 10 (and I've been playing crpgs since the mid-late-80s.  I am really looking forward to the new Bard's Tale from them now too."
,Recommended,240760,24321456,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,yudhipapap,amazing game you should play once in your life!!!
76561198016849029,Recommended,240760,12560325,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Drassi,"the storyline in this game is absolutely incredible, it was very engaging and kept me on entertained for a long time, i will definetely replay this at some later time.there are still some bugs, glitches and whatnot, but since the update a few days ago, i havent really been bothered by anything at all.but i can wholeheartedly say that this is one of the best games i have ever played.it can be crushingly hard and unforgiving at times, but the end result is so satisfying.and the fact that almost every single playthrough is vastly different, makes this game so much more amazing.it really is a great game.10/10 would play again."
76561197970570004,Recommended,240760,12477545,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,OGLemonLarry,"If you like Fallout 1 and 2, this is a must buy! Go for it :)"
,Recommended,240760,13740025,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sukinel (no PC),Killed by a rabbit. 10/10
76561197972361376,Recommended,240760,12181137,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Studio Ghibli,"... even more brutal than the XCOM re-release.  If you're not familiar with either of the XCOM titles, let alone the original Fallout 1 and 2, be warned:Technically, I recommend it, but prepare for screaming, cursing, auto-saving, and save-scumming. And starting over at least once.It's a delightful and brutal reminder as to how streamlined modern titles  have become. It also still needs some spit and polish--but, hey, we're in the wastelands. Everything needs some spit and polish."
76561198049644379,Recommended,240760,12936884,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Caliburton,"Post-Apocalyptic, RPG gold!  Despite the bugs, which include a few broken quests, this game is great.  It has a ood story, some good humor, and a wonderful atmosphere.  The choices you make have a direct effect on the game world, and there is no going back on those choices (unless you reload, of course)."
,Recommended,240760,13203011,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,claytonbeeney,Totally scratches that tactical RPG itch and does an amazing job of being a proper sequel to fallout.As far as I know all the major bugs have been ironed out with patches so I highly reccomend getting this. Even after it goes off sale it would still be worth a purchase if you were a die hard fan of FO1-2
76561197980173977,Recommended,240760,12939347,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Frencis,"Well game is not bad,,,i hate that the map is split and i cant go back to old areas ... think that game would deserve more polishing...i can say there is too much talking and sometimes u hear the same♥♥♥♥♥♥from 5-10 people just said different way, so u keep jumping over so many dialogs becouse its getting boring, i like deep dialogs but they must have a point,,, its very close to old fallout games but sorry to say, its not as good ,still i give this game 7,8/10 and i can recommed it to every old fallout fan7.8/10"
76561198069134292,Recommended,240760,12974839,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Korky,"A very polished example of a turn based post-apocalyptic RPG. Plenty of enjoyable combat, the story, atmosphere and characterisation is engaging and funny. Highly addictive if this sort of game is your thing. Pace is also well handled (level up, combat events and new guns). Not a bum note I can think of. Would recommend you check out the guides on steam, esp. the 'short guide' to get a handle on character creation which you want to get right."
76561198029127401,Recommended,240760,17182531,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Opposing Forces,"Short Review: if you like fallout 1 & 2 you'll probably like this.While it lacks the depth of the older fallout titles, it's still a great game.Runs smooth on my system with an old amd processor and an rx 470. 1080p 60fps with all the bells and whistles maxed.A big part of this game is making your party, as it is your character rather than a single protagonist. it's a party of 4 with 3 additional companions. the game isn't especially difficult unless you build your party badly.only major gripes are that the CLASSIC stats don't feel as important as fallout's SPECIAL system does. also energy weapons aren't great.my advice, if you pick this up, use a party building guide to get the most out of your first play through. then screw around on your second and or third play through."
,Recommended,240760,13931502,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Papa Shekels,"Awesome game, feels to me personally like everything Fallout Tactics should have been. Game still has support and is being updated.-You can feed badger nutsacks to the night terror.-You can kill priests in a brothel, to receive a full discount on services.-You can blow people apart with a punch.-You can steal a BB gun from a museum and go on a rampage with it.-You can pay for the services of a three-legged, two-crotched ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.-You can have a cute possum slaughtered and feed its cancerous meat to Shrek.-You can nuke the wasteland and be called a veteran for it.17/10 game."
76561197993351973,Recommended,240760,12155662,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Rock,"Having been an early fan of Wasteland and the Fallout Series, I must say this game truely takes me back to the excitement I felt in those early years of my life. The game play is amazing, mechanics easy to learn, and quests still remain challanging. As a Beta Tester, I logged in over 105 hours of play time, and still the game finds ways to surprise me.I highly recommend this game for anyone that loves strategic RPG's. If not, give it a try, Wasteland 2 might actually bring you over to our side."
76561197992975489,Recommended,240760,12151753,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Mognificus,"While there can be no doubt that a lot of love and effort have gone into developing this game, the end result can underwhelm. Compare the graphics with the new kick starter project Divine Divinity Original Sin for example and I'm afraid that they are muddy and way below that which we have a reasonable right to expect in 2014. Travelling across the titular wasteland is disappointing, perhaps a better title would have been 'Only Bits of the Wasteland'. Make no bones about it, this game can also be brutally tough unless you have spent a good while creating your own party and their stats, as the random characters that the game can give you at the beginning are usually pants. Ubermicromanagement of your team is frustratingly essential too.Having said all that, there is a good game here (if you can put up with its fussyness) that can eat your free time as long as you have patience and can dig 'adult' humour... Recommended, but with reservations.  (edited to suit the child that called me a 'D***** Bag', whatever that is, and just for them...whilst/waɪlst/conjunction1.(mainly Brit) another word for while (sense 1), while (sense 2), while (sense 3), while (sense 4), while (sense 5)Word OriginC13: from whiles + -t as in amidst)."
76561197987027019,Recommended,240760,10962879,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,zOmbIE,"If you like the original and/or the fallout series, you owe it to yourself to pick this up, either now on early access or at launch.  Great start so far."
76561198043602389,Recommended,240760,16431821,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Tacticus Winter,"Wow......people say this isn't like Fallout. Of course it's not, but it certainly, without a doubt feels just like it. I felt the nostalgia all over me playing this.If you take Fallout and put it in a bed with Divinity: Original Sin or Pillars of Eternity, well, this is the result.Now to the break down.The Good:Combat(8.7/10)- Combat is smooth, feels so much like XCOM, a favorite of mine, and is strategically rewarding. It has a good amount of gore and the animations are done fantastically. There are a lot of weapons to use and each weapon is made accordingly making strategic planning and placement crucial.Gameplay(9.6/10)- I couldn't exit the game. I didn't want to. I wanted to keep playing. It has that perfect feel of ""Whats around this corner, whats in this box, whats in that cave"" you dont want to leave your screen. The voice acting, holy hell the voice acting, it's a work of beauty. And the graphics, the graphics fit perfectly, backgrounds and non-enterable areas are drawn out and made so beautifully.Story(8.5/10)- The story so far, is quite interesting as there is interesting plot changes, eerie coms messages and decisions in each and every corner of the game to question, explore, and discover. The gears in your mind turn and you keep wanting to find out more and more.Character(8.9/10)- I was immediately attached to my characters after I spent about 10 minutes creating my 4 custom squad-mates. I had Bill my strong charismatic Desert Ranger look. Kit, my hard♥♥♥♥♥big-mouthed spy-sniper chick. Liam, my Australian drugged mechanic, and Rico, the young suck-up, Combat medic from the Marines. The level of detail is amazing, the designs and amount of combinations are extreme.The Decent:AI(6.8/10)- The AI is OK. It's not that hard, but it's not that easy either. It has strategies, and tries it's best to use cover and enemy types use their weapons accordingly.Pathfinding(7.3/10)- Pathfinding, I have had a few issues with. In combat and walking around. Some party members stray off at times, and in combat some of them take odd directions when I told them not to take that direction. It's a rare annoyance but is very very nagging when it comes around.The downright terrible♥♥♥♥♥♥Saving(1.6/10)- There is no autosave. Simple. Well, there is one, but it's non-existant. My last autosave from my most recent manual save is 45 minutes ago. 45 MINUTES. That is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Terrible. And in a game like this there needs to be a working autosave.Combat UI(4.6/10)- The Combat UI is near useless. It skips out on basic features that you have to use your Inventory to view like how much ammo one person has on them, and how much armor before that person begins taking real damage. Also, the only health-bar you see is when you hover over that person. It's annoying, when a person is low on health, I will RARELY know that until they die. That leaves you constantly wasting a minute or 2 checking health and seeing how many med-packs you have left.OVERALL VERDICT (8.7/10):Wasteland 2 is a welcoming game that if you're new, you will quickly get the hang of it, and at the same time can be a brutal experience. It is fun, heart racing, and definitely a ""What's around the next corner"" game that I can easily, easily, sink 80 hours into.If these few nagging bugs can be fixed, it will make the experience a whole lot smoother. And with these issues fixed the verdict is an easy 9.3/10"
76561198030615965,Recommended,240760,12548191,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,THIEF,"This game is a flat out bad♥♥♥♥♥RPG. All your decisions in the game come back in the end. So many different ways this game can be played. Complete open world can go back and forth between missions, coming back latter once you learn new information on a faction and wipe out previous allies.The story is good, the mechanics are fun, the leveling system takes a bit to figure out but eventually makes a ton of sense. The game forces you to pay attention with a great dialogue system that doesnt have point and click answers for all the games solutions.This is seriously 75+ hours in main story line and it without doubt can be replayed. Sometimes this game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off as you can't save everyone, but thats what makes it all the better."
76561198049084844,Not Recommended,240760,16357858,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Old Wolf,"If you're hoping for anything like fallout 1 & 2 or tactics be prepared to be disappointed. Forget any attempt at playing this like an rpg, min-max all of your characters and only equip them rifles.If I could get my money back I would."
,Recommended,240760,14764030,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Biff Buttcus,I bought this game for $40.  Played for like 3-4 hours.  Game went on sale a few days later for $20.♥♥♥♥ you steam.Good game tho.
,Recommended,240760,15387307,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Holifati,"For Fans of Fallout, Fallout 2, Fallout Tactics and Jagged Alliance 2.The first game in many years that manages to reestablish the qualities of the forementioned games.If you came for the graphics, look somewhere else. If you came for tactical combat, micromanagement and a worthy story in a sick apocalyptic world, this is for you."
76561198088725546,Recommended,240760,15472788,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,[501st] AC/DC,"Decent Game with a entertaining story, although in combat some relatively ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ things can take place, i was playing my first playthrough and somehhow one of my team members missed a shot with a shotgun at liek 5 feet away which in real life could never ever happen, the game is very flawed in the aspect that melee weapons are very good and in many cases superior too guns, other than that i really enjoy the game"
76561198002560288,Recommended,240760,14773057,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,PulseLaser,Truly fantastic game. Very enjoyable from start to finish.
,Recommended,240760,14756518,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,BallsMahonie,"Could not be more impressed by this game. Having loved Fallout and Fallout 2 as a kid, everything about Wasteland 2 brings me a seriously nostalgic feel while adding on and improving in so many different ways. The combat somehow manages to never feel repetitive, exploring the world is simple yet engaging and rewarding and all the minor details that go into it (such as the ambient chatter on your radio whilst traveling) really help make the game feel good the whole time you're playing it. Could not recommend this game more. It's absolutely fantastic. 11/10, would buy for my friends so they don't miss out."
76561198046263795,Recommended,240760,13602719,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Captain Cheesebeard,A goat tried to kill me when i took away hes food 11/10
,Recommended,240760,15564742,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ˆMaki,Probably one of the sexiest games I've played in a long time.Can't wait for GOTY edition.
76561198011424932,Recommended,240760,19657098,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mizer,"I'm an old school gamer.  Having said that I like to play new games that I haven't played before.  Don't get me wrong though, I love the feel of the old games that focus more on gameplay and fun, then just amazing graphics.  That's why I love this game, you get the old feel and gameplay and I really like the graphics too."
,Recommended,240760,12474701,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ChoLoliCoN,"Overall     77/100Recommendable, fan of Fallout 1&2, XCOM,FFT, Tactics Ogre, this is the game for you[Gameplay]  45/50+ Square based tactics game like XCOM+ Highly customizalable starting characters+ Lots of quests to choose from-  Quests are buggy near end game[Story]  13/20+ Interesting quest stories-  Some of the dialogs are not voice acted[Graphics]  4/10- Not the best graphics, charactes in general are ugly[SoundTrack]  5/10= Alright soundtrack, nothing amazing[PC Friendly]  10/10+ Very customizalbe controls, alot of hotkeys"
76561198015667626,Recommended,240760,15536450,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Coetzer,Loved it. I don't finish games these days. I finished this one.
76561198048581628,Recommended,240760,13697204,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,P1DRU5,AAA
76561198133115604,Recommended,240760,12221050,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,TacoFister,Got attacked by a discobot 10/10 IGN
76561197970509326,Recommended,240760,11697023,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,MysterE3,"Really digging this. I really like fallout 3 and nv but I also love the old ones and this definately feels like the alternate universe sequel. I stopped playing because since its a beta there were some elements that were incomplete, one in particular that made a quest uncompletable, and as a beta occasionally after major updates your savegame would no longer work. I'm the kind of player that is unlikely to get deeply involved giving my opinion to the developer, I would rather come back when the game is complete (or at least more complete) and really dig in to this game.But it looks like I spent 20 hours or so in here, I had no idea I spent nearly that much, and I really enjoyed that time. I know the game is pricy, but it's shaping up to be a really cool game."
,Recommended,240760,12143606,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,⎡𝓑𝓞𝓨 𝓜𝓘𝓛𝓚⎦ 👺,this game has weaponsmithing.
76561197963561020,Recommended,240760,12756874,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,narcon,"Pure post apocalyptic perfection, a no brainer buy for fans of Fallout. Took me a bit to warm up to, but now I'm hooked!"
76561198006072626,Recommended,240760,12989765,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,sentox,Excellent story and gameplay -- it's like Fallout meets Shadowrun.  Deep character customization and leveling.
,Recommended,240760,12991760,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Jermz89,Really good game reminds me of Fallout... Lots of areas to explore.
,Recommended,240760,12997908,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,A Heart Farmer,"I just finished and I am still processing.Simply put, this game is everything an Interplay Fallout 3 could have been, gameplay-wise, had it not gone to Bethesda. An intense and intricate turn-based RPG with many, many stories, interweaving throughout the wasteland. The landscape is reactive, so choices you make early on impact events in the later game.Try it. If you're a fan of the old Fallout games, you'll probably love this."
76561197972327562,Recommended,240760,12916144,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Veridian,"Love this game!  Being a nerd from the early 80's on and watching the progression of RPG games over the years, this is a gem.  Great writing.  Level of effort and detail in the writing is excellent.  Graphics really play a backseat because of the fantastic writing.   Everytime I play, I find something that has me laughing.  I love all of the humor and poking fun at other games.  It makes just reading the dialogues, signs, enuendos, and situations you come across all worth it.  The game does very well by itself as an RPG.I would love to see a development kit availble so the gaming community could contribute to this world.  If you like immersive games that you can play and play again, that don't dry up after one run through, this is the game for you.Cheers,Applec0re"
,Recommended,240760,12963690,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ozzosko,"Just finished this game the other day. Overall, this game is a must buy if you like turn-based RPG games in the style of the original Wasteland or Fallout 1 and 2. Excellent story to experience, beautiful environments to explore, and plenty of jerks to bring justice to. Just be patient and think about your actions as you play, otherwise you might regret some of them!"
76561198039941814,Recommended,240760,12965264,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Uzumaki,If you know the type of game this is you will know u alredy love it. Newer than fallout2 but not as funny more Rpg I felt it was seriouse with fun throwbacks thrown if to lighten the mood.
76561198039360859,Recommended,240760,12973733,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Benny,Two big problems in this game which are the terribly outdated graphics and the amount of bugs there are.  The story is somewhat shallow but still passable do to the outstanding dialogue writing.  It also took me about 50 hours to complete one playthrough due to the pure density of this game.  I only completed about half of the side quests and played it on medium difficulty.  You'll have a hard time running out of things to do.  Highly recommend for any fans of the original Fallout games or for anyone who enjoyed XCOM.
,Recommended,240760,12871208,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Midnight Marauder,"There's a lot to say about wasteland 2. Where to start...This game is what I've been craving since I finished Fallout 2 and Tactics, and it's great to know some of the old people who made Fallout 1 & 2 are still alive and making games, with the same great writing and dark humor I loved them for.Although I think Van Buren would've been just as good, this still great even though it's on a different storyline, if not better since it's not stuck on that 1950's-ish theme fallout's cursed with. Instead this game feels like it's 1980 forever.As for the gameplay, the way speech types work is a nice but refineable edition, and the lack of quest markers give it an unneccisary amount of extra exploring for things you can't find. LIke when I spent 3 and a half hours trying to find planks to fix the holes in the walls of the ranger compund. That's 3 hours I'm never getting back. As for the combat, it feels fun, but not complex enough. I remember the old fallouts having mines, settable traps, and other things, as well as the possibility of today's technology to add prone, advanced bullet physics, and a lot more character customization. The level layout is very good, and gives the game a nice fair level of competitiveness, while the skill reasons and effects leave me disarming and unlocking every single box, door, and crayon box in the game.Something that also really bothered me that had no real bad effect is how a lot of guns were rechambered to use really small or world war 2 ammo, and there was no difference between a .308 and 7.62x39 round, so AK-47s and M60s were using the same ammo. I guess I'll just be waitng until someone makes a mod where guns make sense.Last but not least, the experience of the game. I really enjoyed listening to the soundtrack of the game over and over again, (Why? I don't know) and also looking at the digital art book that came with it. I wish the concept art book came with more in it, but what bothers me most of all is the style of most of the concept art was really really cool lookiing with raggedy worn down looking people and creatures living in a mysterious dying world full of dust, mist, gloom, grey, red, and radiation green skies that were all screaming ""THIS IS THE END OF THE WORLD"". However when you actually play the game, you say ""HEY MOM LOOK, I'M PLAYING CELL-PHONE NEW VEGAS!"" If only the designers of the game world actually took more inspiration from the concept art and ACTUALLY made it the chilling, spine shaking, teeth gritting, bullet biting, soul crushing, post-apocalyptic fantasy some (now) old people had wet dreams over when they played wasteland 1.Overall, with this game's good and bads, I'm giving this game a 9.2/10, just because it's harder to find a good post-apocalyptic RPG/Turn based tactical squad based combat extravaganza than it is to find a cat who'll ride on the top of your vacuum while you're vacuuming while running down the sidewalk.That, and this calmed my fallout 2 ""real"" sequel withdrawl.Now I just need to wait for Wasteland 3!"
76561198036106365,Recommended,240760,14106809,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,MainEvent,I like ♥♥♥♥♥♥... What does that have to do with the review for this game? Nothing. Good game though.
76561198008896146,Recommended,240760,13785473,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dr. Lawyer,"Make a new game like the Fallout titles of old, but include amazing 3d graffics (for a top down game). Like Fallout (I believe Brian Fargo created both fallout and wasteland 2) the story is awsome..."
,Recommended,240760,14021681,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Fitz,"Reviewed after 28 hours of game time.Generally a good game however the combat becomes somewhat monotonous after a while. Any combat scenario pretty much is a re-run of spreading your guys out a little, using snipers to pick off people before they get to your party and then resorting to assault rifles / laser weapons to finally take people down. Sure there are some scenarios which are different but generally any combat you enter will rely more upon your chance to hit rather than making much use of the landscape, unlike in other RPGs such as Divinity : Original Sin.The skill progression does not really give a sense of achievement when you level. You allocate points to various weapon proficiencies or skills which boosts your chance to hit, damage or likelihood of completing a task. I neglected to skill into some of the diaglogue skills (Smart♥♥♥♥♥ Kiss♥♥♥♥♥etc) and was a little disapointed when I encountered an NPC that would have offered new diaglogue options if I had applied my skills into these area.Overall its a solid game but nothing extraordinary. If you like RPG and love the post-apolcalypic setting then I would reccomend you pick it up when its next on sale. Just dont expect to be blown away."
76561198038604965,Recommended,240760,13173550,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Stannis Baratheon,"If you liked Fallout 1 and 2, you'll like this. Very similar gameplay, and written by Chris Avellone, the lord and master of video game writing. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,240760,19788395,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Doppler,Very immersive game that made me care about my characters.
,Recommended,240760,12196114,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Cmdr_Joel,"If you are a fan of Post-Apocalyptia, Turn Based Srategy, and dark humor you'll very much enjoy this. I sure am. Still a little buggy, but no major complaints."
,Recommended,240760,23533957,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Storydor,"I played more than 8 hours of the Director's Cut and more than 5 from the Wasteland 2 and the game is really really very good. From the character creation, that is not the deepest one, but the skills/stats are add depth, to the story itself, this game is gold.The director's cut added things such as quirks and perks, which are more than welcome to the gameplay.Although I played for free I want to buy this game and I will if Steam stops saying I already have it."
,Recommended,240760,15086671,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Kherny,Fantastic game. 2D Fallout literally. Large party of characters. All customisable at the beginning. Deep and interesting dialogue. An immersive world. Its like going back in time to when games actually had a story...Few negatives:Map travelling is a bit of a letdown. Mainly because the rest of the world looks so nice and going to a flat featureless map with a moving dot gives me no sense of immersion. Bullet shortage/conservation affecting choices in combat is a bit more of a pain than it needs to be imo. At least early in the campaign.Now if I could just find dogmeat to round out my party.....
76561198137787002,Recommended,240760,13083476,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Tackett,Great game for any who loved the old Fallout series.
76561198009689425,Recommended,240760,13110627,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,AFewSandwichesShortOfAPicnic,"fantastic game, really punishes you for acting before you think"
76561198173411493,Recommended,240760,19756052,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,jamesdempsey1686,this game was done incredably well and kept me hooked he entire way through. the choices made you feel like you were a part of that universe and pulled you into the mythos.
,Recommended,240760,12215554,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Amarantha,"It's been years since last we had such an immersive and well-thought RPG to play.If you love old school RPGs or just want a game with a real narrative behind it, not something you can rush through in less than 10h, then you should definitely check Wasteland 2 out!"
76561197960295840,Recommended,240760,19509766,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Glitterlord,got Fallout 4 installed and still play Wasteland 2! Go figure...
76561198002544883,Recommended,240760,13305386,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,mr-lockie,"Yup , short and sweet review for W2 ... excellent game , a few faults as described in various other reviews , but I love this game , it has the same 'gimme one more shot at this' feel to it that JA2 gave me ( yeah , still does !) . So basically , it's well worth the cash , a monster of a game !"
76561198000169425,Recommended,240760,14451375,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Delicate Strawberry,"Befriending chickens to take on my travels, 3 out of 4 joined my epic quest, the 4th became enraged and attacked me. I shot it with a pistol shot and it exploded.11/10 Would befriend chickens again."
,Recommended,240760,12584982,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Valk 93,23:47 - insertcoin777: Where are the surgeons?23:47 - Valk 93: bleeding out23:47 - insertcoin777: Oh
76561198047269167,Recommended,240760,12932490,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Makakenzou,This is an awesome game with rich lore.25 year wait worth it :)
76561197969495202,Recommended,240760,12567496,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,SteenMan,The game that i have waiting for for YEARS.
76561198057008655,Recommended,240760,12858283,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DudeManGuyPerson,"Awesome, just plain fun."
76561197983532426,Recommended,240760,12928515,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Exegetic,"Challenging old-school turn-based gameplay, great storyline."
76561197982646667,Recommended,240760,12964173,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ezekiel,"Immersive, fun and a perfect combination between old and new!"
,Recommended,240760,17225338,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,[BR]9r33n,"Kinda good, even if it becomes a little boring after a dozen hours. I give it a 7/10.It is in no way equal to Fallout 1 or 2, wich are leagues ahead of this game, even being released almost 20 years ago."
,Recommended,240760,10546722,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,(Kib),♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,240760,10634184,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,((CRR)) Ranger,epic shooty of doom
,Recommended,240760,12894955,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ver-y gay,"OverviewWasteland 2 is a sequel to the underappreciated Wasteland title; so underappreciated, that it took two-and-a-half decades for its well deserved sequel to come to light.While it may be a sequel to Wasteland, Wasteland 2 differs greatly from its predecessor. While it drops nearly every mechanic used in the first iteration, it uses that opportunity to rebuild the core experience, which has been shown to have been for the best.-RPG-ElementsI'd rather leave this short, so I'll try to generalize this as simply as I can. RPG in the elements seem to combine the best of elements from games like Final Fantasy and Fallout, each character is unique in the way it levels up and unlocks new skills. It allows lots of room for experimentation and you never feel to pressured about making the wrong choice.8/10-CombatDepending on the type of player you are, combat will be either an tense, enjoyable experience, or a half-hearted ""meh."" To start, there is a very loose leash when it comes to options, ranging from different weapons such as Knives and blunt objects, to more exotic sorts such as Laser Pistols and Plasma Beams. I always felt like there was something new I could try with every instance of combat, which is unique in of itself. I was even more surprised to find that every one of these options is viable given the proper situation. Even though I have a rather negative opinion of melee weapons, I found myself dedicating one of my four squadmates to the art entirely. My only complaint towards combat was that as the game shifts into the phase of 20 - 30 hours of playtime, enemies become more predictable than a horror movie, with their patterns becoming quickly memorized as they fail to differ from the usual, ""Find the closest cover, and shoot."" tactic.8/10-StoryWithout saying too much, the story can be viewed as slightly above average. While it can be both funny and serious at times, I found it hard at times to get myself fully immersed in the games story. A saving grace for this however, is the absolutesuperbvoice acting.7.5/10ConclusionThere's not much bad to say about this game, aside from the occasional glitch or two, the devs are working hard at keeping this game up to date. And all in all, I find this a great throwback to the old Point-&-Click RPG games of my childhood. Great team. Great Game. And they deserve your interest and money.7.9/10"
,Recommended,240760,15991863,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,udk115v2,This game is simply just...wow...amazing. CRPG at it's best.
76561197981257213,Recommended,240760,16582493,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,stompey,I like this game alot. I think it is a good turnbased RPG.
76561198078918384,Recommended,240760,16371170,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TheLineWalker,Is good
76561198007553646,Recommended,240760,16376547,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ZombiePumpkin,Fantastic game.
76561198087100438,Recommended,240760,24964899,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,-VahhnGuard-,"NOTE: for some reasons reviewers are only allowed to post to the Vanilla Wasteland versions instead of the updated Director's Cut, no matter however just means hours logged wont show on the review of the actual game but around the time of this review i'd say i have almost 40hrs, with that said....THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!!    Fallout 1&2 and Fallout tactics and even with a mix of the Dragon age  tactical combat (imo anyway) amazing game and SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MANY EASTER EGGS!!! lol combat is very strategic which i like skills are really cool and how different ones can interact with the world in different ways.surprisingly the story is very easy to follow and upon leaving the ranger citadel it wont be long before the games starts to swallow you, the open world map is actually very well done and the random encounters (which scale off of  outdoorsmen) have a nice touch ranging between attacks and finding random caches or even merchants.   the voice over is well done, i actually enjoy listening to different character conversations and sometimes you can even get VERY USEFUL info off of eavsdropping.   character development is similar to that of fallout with the quirk and perk system (almost reminds more of Fallout new vegas even the setting will remind you of it) the game will give you so much nostalgia and comparisons moments like how the setting and certain tribes and coumminties come from different movie or game references with slight name changes the enemies you encounter, and the backstory to an antagonist early on will all give you this feeling, overall im impressed and i understand now why folks like this game. this aint no shoot up michael bay BS where EVERYTHING goes BOOM, nope, here we only pick a handful of select few rangers good or bad who can carry out any task for he good of the wasteland so sure make you guy a master mechanic or make a combat medic or even a sharpshooter! but remember your only success lies in teamwork, for no ranger is a real Ranger with out his crew!!!   10/10 cant wait for a 2nd playthru."
76561198001015011,Recommended,240760,11702163,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,AlphaW0lph,"Really good mix between old-school text pop-ups and nowadays graphics, although its not that very detailed. But what's more important in an RPG  is the story and it's a great story. Very large and open world to explore, great characters, fun encounters. It takes a little while to get used to the battles but after that I enjoyed positioning my characters as strategically as possible, deciding to crouch, ambush, attack, reload, reposition etc.I'm in Titan Valley now and already put 32 hours in this game and if you like adventures, nice (not top-notch) graphics, puzzles, a good story and value for money (lots of hours of gameplay), I recommend this one."
,Recommended,240760,18935685,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,natronica,"Hmmm, what to do while I wait for PoE to download and install?  Perhaps I'll write a review...Oh, hello!  I didn't see you there.  Should you purchase and play Wasteland 2?  Well, I must say it is a sh**ty game.  You may be wondering, you have ~50 hours of game time AND you voted ""yes, I recommend this game""; why would you say its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game?Punchline time!  It's sh**ty game because ... wait for it ... you do sh**, blow up sh**, heck, you even pick up sh** then sell that sh** to a dude who loves taking your sh**!  Should you play this game?  Sh** yeah!  Sh**tiest game ever!"
76561197989639468,Recommended,240760,19261052,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,[NPPLE] SoLaR pOwEr,This game is highly underrated. Its not your blockbuster beautiful graphics games but its one of the best i've playin in a long time and very replayable.
76561198119074136,Recommended,240760,21068334,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ™,A must buy if you enjoyed the original fallouts.
,Recommended,240760,31059897,Posted: 10 April,all,wipiton,"Classy RPG, which inaugurated a beginning of CRPG genre renaissance.Strong Fallout1/2 feel, solid humor, large world and good replayability value.Didn't play a Director's Cut, but expect it not to be any worse than original version."
76561198011054887,Recommended,240760,18554132,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,opethandoceans,Great fun
76561198017827821,Recommended,240760,12325306,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Makeshift,"I love this game so much. If I ever have a child, which Wasteland 2 is steadily ensuring will not happen, I'm going to call it Wasteland 2 (if it's a boy) or Wastelandina 2 (if it's a girl).Three thumbs up. The bonus thumb is because of radiation. Get it? Because Wasteland 2 is post apoc... right."
76561198046214149,Recommended,240760,12078206,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,And then I said,"I beat a disco robot to death with a pimp cane 10/10Ever played the first Wasteland, Fallout 1 or 2, Jagged Allaince?  No!  Then get this game becuase it's a blast from the past!  Okay that sounded corny, but it is!"
76561197968055402,Recommended,240760,21108609,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Giant Space Hamster,Great game
76561198015620590,Recommended,240760,12305996,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Profile,"Buying at release is about 20 dollars cheaper than buying the pre-release.For the best deal, wait another couple months when it's selling for less than 10 dollars.  That way you won't feel as ripped off as us pre-release fools."
76561198012377578,Recommended,240760,28840583,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,dia_dcn,"+ a spiritual successor to the original Fallout series+ turn based combat (if you're into that)- a bit too restrictive until you save Highpool/Ag center- graphics are nothing to write home about, but a nuclear wasteland is not any prettier- combat tends to get tedious"
76561198014184741,Recommended,240760,12370616,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Fatt Lark,Its a wasteland 2 of your money
76561197971770576,Recommended,240760,12267846,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,DKOSurvivorz,"AWESOME Wasteland game. So so tough choices or sometime stupid mistake choice would lead your team to death or someone else. This is wayyyy better than Fallout 1,2 Seriously. It is pretty challenging."
76561198023958883,Recommended,240760,13470538,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,js_bomb,"Ambushed by some junkies, stabbed to death with a dirty needle 11/10"
,Recommended,240760,13218311,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Mister D.,This game is great
76561198031319612,Recommended,240760,15867193,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,spinlittlemonkey,"yes yes yes.. a million times YES.. amazing game. LOVE it. played it 3 different times and tried to do the same thing, but never happened. each time I found something new."
76561198017657987,Recommended,240760,15880384,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Delta 9ine,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,240760,15884720,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,†BαndıтMαÑ†,Best Game so far.!! cant wait for the Game of the Year edition.
76561198046711798,Recommended,240760,13289806,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Jared Kushner,"9.5/10This is the successor to Fallout 1 & 2 that I have been waiting for since 1998. The mechanics of the game are a lot different, but it captures that post-apocalyptic feeling I love. There are a number of glitches, and the graphics are mediocre, but those criticisms were also applicable to Fallout 1 & 2, two of my favorite games of all time.I never played Wasteland 1 because I was too young when it came out, and by the time I was interested it was just too difficult to figure out the interface and other game mechanics. I am familiar with the plot of the original however, and this seems like a faithful sequel to the original as far as I can tell.If you have any interest in turn based games, post-apocalyptic themes, or old school RPGs, buy this game. Normally I wait to buy games on Steam after they've gone on sale, but I paid the full asking price for this game and have no regrets whatsoever. Worth every penny. Over 100 hours in and I've barely cracked the surface - though admittedly that included a number of restarts because I am a bit of a perfectionist. This game has so much content, so much goodness, that any valid criticisms of the game evaporate."
,Recommended,240760,12268549,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Wut,A ♥♥♥♥ing awesome oldschool RPG. Just what I've missed for a long time.
76561197991328801,Recommended,240760,12082086,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,NiggaJesus,"Great game. Another classic American RPG in the making, and there aren't that many of them."
76561197976280992,Recommended,240760,12086921,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Grimm Reaprisal,Excellent Game takes A bit of time to get your squad up and running but after the first few missions it gets really fun :)
76561198050119095,Recommended,240760,12096659,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,basosmozeskojos,great great game. Love the scenario and sub-plot. Must have game
76561197998184976,Recommended,240760,12103344,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,DD2Freedom,"If you grew up playing the hell out of fallout 1,2 and tactics and are considering this with hopes of it being similar, BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,240760,11526487,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Ajaxis,"Now only a few days from release, I can easily say that this game is well worth the high price. Brian Fargo's latest work is a crater-deep, atmospheric tabletop-style game, bringing back the best aspects of Fallout and the original Wasteland while leaving behind the clunky interface. This is what a turn-based RPG should be, what Fallout 3 should have been. This nonlinear game somehow manages to have better storytelling and immersion than games that actually try to pull the player along any kind of linear path. You know how a lot of people advertize their experience as being full of choice and freedom? Here is the game that actually means it. No tutorial, no big opening scene, you get about a minute of instructional dialogue for your first mission and then you can go wherever the hell you like, and the game spontaneously punish you for trying to explore so early, like others might.Genius turn-based combat system, inventive characters, perfect DnD Campaign fuel, oddly colorful post-apocalyptic world, and a haunting soundtrack to back it all up. I'm definitely gushing, yes, but this is the one experience in an RPG I've had that has been the closest to absolutely flawless."
76561197986308073,Recommended,240760,12531654,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Jim Slather,"Brilliant.  A return to old school games that do not hold your hand and make you pay for the decisions you make ,,,"
,Recommended,240760,12542930,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,CPT Rhodes,"Recruit bums with high luck and shotgun skills. Use a Native American girl to recruit a stat boosting goat into your party and get angry as some raider kills it. Get down-dressed by your superior officer for wearing a dog collar. Botch a safe cracking and have your buddy fix it for you so you can give it another try real quick. Botch it again and kill the both of you. Build your own set of unique characters. Allow them to wander the wastes and influence it with more freedom than most games provide. Mod guns. Smoke cigarettes. Harass youths.A role playing treasure trove with the atmosphere of Fallout, the combat of X-Com, NPC collection of Suikoden, unforgiving and brazen RPG elements. Ignore the biased mainstream reviews. Ignore the nit pickers. Revel in this post apocalyptic gem.The only major thing this game needs is a DLC where you get to (virtually) shake the hand of Brian Fargo.Worth my money; and yours."
76561198030937485,Recommended,240760,12544430,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Odoacer,"This has been a truely outstanding game that has the 'just one more turn' going for it.  Great gameplay, well done throughout.One minor issue is the background pixels go off every now and then. A simple save and reload fixes this.  Something for the developers to fix, but not a showstopper, nor something that should prevent you for getting and enjoying this game.The bar is set pretty high with this one.  Highly recommend."
,Recommended,240760,12547410,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,korsurr,"And now we walk in Samson's trainAnd spread King's word across the plainOur eyes are clear, our arms are strongTo help the right and smite the wrongWith the Hammer and the Book"
76561197993783476,Recommended,240760,12571186,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,EchoStarter,"10/19/2014. At least 100 hours of actual play time clocked as of this review.Might not be for everyone, but it's a good solid game. Requires a decent amount of time investment. 8/10YOU MIGHT LIKE THIS GAME IF- You like creating custom teams- You like long rpg games- You like tactics games- You like post-apocalyptic themesWHAT I LIKED ABOUT THE GAME- Character creator is in-depth enough.- Combat is decent enough.- Decent difficulty level. You don't get to just breeze through everything. You need the right stats and the right items to accomplish certain parts of the game. Really makes you be observant of your environment.- Your characters don't become overwhelmingly powerful. You always have to be careful and employ some degree of strategizing (e.g. unit placement, wepon equipment, team composition).- Story is generic, but engaging enough.- Your characters stats and skills are actually useful. There's a skill called ""Fix Toasters""... and it's actually useful for something.- Gives you the option to add notes to your quests (which already have a decent description). These can be helpful to remind yourself about what you need to do or what course of action you may want to take when tackling a quest.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE ABOUT THE GAME- Mainly UI issues.- Item management could be better, but it's nowhere near game-breaking.- Some rare glitches with the screen scrolling. When in combat, sometimes you can't scroll the screen. This can sometimes prevent you from clicking on your target. You have to wait for an enemy to attack you before the scrolling kicks in again. I'm sure it can be fixed with an update.- Sometimes, I felt like some of the missions/quests/storyline dragged. But, it was rare and may be expected of long rpgs."
76561198025368605,Recommended,240760,12572059,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,PK_Raven,"A perfect blend of nostalgia and contemporary squad-based tactical RPG goodness. Any fan of the original, or the Fallout series, will not be disappointed with this stellar effort by Brian Fargo and the dream team he assembled. Stop reading this and go buy it! And don't forget Toaster Repair..."
76561198016750038,Recommended,240760,10732854,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Arty,Very good so far although i have really only just started. Very much like the original fallouts if you were a fan.Only problem i have so far is no use of any stealth system as of yet. Once that is implemented and a few minor kinks sorted this game will quickly be one of my favorite turn based games.
,Recommended,240760,13838731,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Enragedmrpuff,Found a condom inside of a goat 11/10
,Recommended,240760,18485917,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Surveyant,"I got this game a long time ago and in that time I've seen some pretty major updates for this game.   It's a blast, I love the environment and it has huge replay value.  I'll probably go through it again one of these days and try and make a few more choices I didn't make last time.  Definitely recommend if you enjoyed the original fallout."
76561197994385804,Not Recommended,240760,13467578,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,bountyfox,"Was very fun at first, Reminded me of the early fallout games in all the right ways. I would have loved to continued playing it. however the game is programmed very poorly. the brig never unlocked so that I could get the advanced rad suits. no worries, I just took the damage and muscled through the valley anyways.. spent awhile on the other side doing the quests and such there, only to find out once im done with that little area. BOTH exits to it now kill me, locking me into a tiny non advancing area of the game.. unable to get the rad suits I didn't need to enter, but am required to have to exit. restarting from a earlier save wouldn't fix it either. the quest line for the suits would still be bugged. so I recomend to anyone reading this not to buy wasteland 2, there's a chance you won't be able to continue past a certain point invalidating hours of work."
76561198025506215,Recommended,240760,13503220,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Stagnu Demorte,"this game is great, the only game where you can punch a honey badger and give it a concussion."
,Recommended,240760,13504634,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,bvesco,I never played the original so did not have preconceived notions about what this should be. The stats/skills system is a bit unfamiliar at first but I quickly adapted. The controls sometimes feel a bit clunky but most of everything you need is accessible. There are a few quirks you'll soon learn to work around. Once you learn to play it you can have quite a lot of fun.
,Recommended,240760,13505744,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bossy,Great game for anyone who likes post-apocalyptic turn based strategy RPGs.
76561198026838893,Recommended,240760,15223417,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kalarin,"Fantastic game, if you want to go back to the old school top down turn based rpg then this is it.I've put in 12hrs now and I feel like I've hardly scratched the surface. The ability to create your own players is a nice feature with lots of scope and customisation. The story is interesting enough to make you want to play through it.Features such as water and radiation mean you are limited in travel and will be forced to find routes and oasis on your travels. Neither of these feel forced and mean you by definition will have to explore more of the map.Furthermore the game can be challenging and isn't a walk in the park, basically if your squad dies (which happened to me rather early on to being too inquisitive) then you caan simply make a new one. For first time they provide premade characters which are helpful to learn the game and how the skills work.Due to the nature of this game it means the graphics arent it strong suite but ultimately this doesnt draw back from the game at all.Overall I would give it a definite reccoment, there are some minor issues such a bugs but these arent really worth mentioning as they arent anywhere near major enough to warrant as any serious criticism. Perhaps my only criticism of this is the cost of it. But if its on sale I would totally say pick it up.If you arent a fan of turn based combat (I wouldn't say I've much experience with it myself) the game is easy enough to get into and you won't feel out of your depth."
76561198012335672,Recommended,240760,18467044,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Adnar,The new changes are great...I enjoyed the original but the new directors cut brings new life to the game. There are enough changes that a second play through is worth it. Alot more voiced Dialogue which is cool....almost all of the main story stuff is voiced so far and im a couple of hours into the directors cut version. The new perk system makes you think about your character leveling more...that goes for quirks too. Found a few new weapons...and some of the areas are redone and they look alot better...more lived in. The new precision shots can give you a chance for a edge in some battles. I also noticed that alot of the battles are different...they changed some of the setups. All and all well worth the money.
76561198023208567,Recommended,240760,17609663,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SHRN Bowmaster,"A Beautifully crafted piece of art that mirrors the wonderful top down RPGs of days past.The enviroment is exciting, unique and very well made.The Story line is well written interesting and is something you can either follow exclusively or you can lose yourself in the background noise and quests of the desert wasteland."
76561198032194686,Recommended,240760,27320337,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,⎝👽⎠ Nysia ⎝👽⎠,"Thanks for the game. fyi, 4th task complete during autmn sale 2016!"
76561197971381850,Recommended,240760,12256263,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,zorianarki,"FINALLY, the depth of choices you make, the sheer amount of solutions to situations and the remifications of your choices... it is an AMAZING game, and I am soooooooo happy that they made it. I'm already 136 hours into it and not slowing down."
,Recommended,240760,12270524,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Trees,"From what I've played Wasteland 2 is very good, it challenges your strategic mind by showing you up front that running and gunning is not the way to go, you actually need to prepare and use the environment. Things you'll ABSOLUTELY NEED for you squad: Lockpicking, Brute Force, Medic, Computer science, Mechanics, techie, and a squad with a variety of weapons."
,Recommended,240760,12285322,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,iSmokeCr4k,Totally worth it.
76561198100492737,Recommended,240760,23677180,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,HâVôÇ,"ok..... I like this game...like more than a friend with benefits..... but...like with all good orally based relationships there are downsides...and my MAJOR one.... is the aiming in fighting. Ive played enough and had made new games to fine tune what every single compatant on your team should be focusing on.... sniper need s more concentration to snipe and accuracy one person needs to have a a high handgun and safecracking etc. so everyone has a perk or trait.... but it seems that even if i tweak everyone to have a high percentage rate of fire and accuracy...like say my average team accuracy is: 80-87% accuracy....pretty good right? wrong...not good at all... i have no clue why Assault rifles are horrible up close with 0-20% accuracy, or when you miss 4 times in a row with a 85% chance to hit.... i mean come the fuc on. other than that its an ok game but jesus it angers up the blood when you have a 88% hit chance and miraculously you miss4-5 times... also with the safe cracking and lockpicking demolition disarming. it has a 80% chance to for success it fails and blows up...."
76561198064795583,Recommended,240760,23657678,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ragnar Lothbrok,"True to be said, ""The fallout 3 we never had"""
,Recommended,240760,10959453,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,demi,Just barely touched it. Looks gorgeous. I will leave it until the final release :-)
76561197992076896,Recommended,240760,10991658,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Duke Cheddar of Porkington,"Played for about an hour today.  So far, so good.  No bugs encountered.  Controls are a little clunky, but that's about my only complaint.Has a very solid 'Fallout 2' feel to it, almost as if this is the game that FO3 would have ended up being if it didn't go Open World.   Absolutely love the turn based, strategical combat; hands down my favorite type of game.Not far in, but I am hoping that some post-apocalyptic humor works its way into the story; truly don't think it will be as good a game if it's too Stoic in the content department.Ultimately, I am going to wait to play anymore until the full release, but I currently have huge expectations for WL2 and they're looking very promising!"
76561197970627470,Recommended,240760,10908751,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,arDeadpool,"If you like the original Fallout games before Bethesda got their hands on the license then this is the game for you. The RPG aspect is great with some pretty deep character customization options giving you lots of ways to tackle situations in and out of combat, and with so much to do and explore already in the beta this game is ripe for multiple playthroughs. Combat is enjoyable if you are into turned based combat and are ok with action points. The story has me hooked so far and trying to piece together what is going on in the wastes is what keeps bringing me back.The only gripes I really have right now are that the character models don't look even half as good as the environments you are exploring, and enemies with grenades I feel are a little overpowered. For example when my sniper can't hit an enemy because he is too far away but that same enemy can chuck a grenade at that same character it seems a little silly especially considering how much damage they can do.The beta right now has an endpoint that you can't get past which is a bummer but there is still lots do to and the full game is coming out in august (woohoo). So if you think you can wait for the full release that's cool but if you give this game a try now you won't be disappointed and you will be contributing to funding the team that is making this great game so they can continue to support it and make it better.Good luck out there Rangers!"
76561198035761233,Recommended,240760,10915554,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RandomVaultDweller,"This game is amazing, but it's not perfect of course because it's in beta (duh). First the good. The game looks great, I've had no problems, story and characters are interesting, and even for beta I've had no major bugs. I do have a few little nit picks though. The enemies are kind of boring, not character wise but AI wise. Most enemies just stand there and shoot or run at you but it's not to bad it's not to game breaking. While on the world map if I run into an encounter (raiders, merchants) wether or not I run or encounter I have to re-select my destination, it doesn't remember where I was going. The unseen areas are sometimes awkward too but most of the time it's acceptable. I highly reccomend this to Fallout fans and strategy fans. I do think the 60$ should be tossed out the window. It looks too expensive. I think it's worth it though because of all the bonuses but I makes a lot of people shy away. I reccomend 50$ or 55$ just so it doesn't LOOK so expensive."
76561198006844161,Recommended,240760,10962307,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Drorelith,I bought this game to support the developers and cause i enjoy this type of game can't wait for full release will play it more then to many issue for me to play right now but it is in development so i am still recommending it
,Recommended,240760,10993999,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Awyxxx,This game is a fresh breath of bad air! Get it cause the radiation. Sure play it in your undies...(or dare i say it....nakers...) it doesnt mind thats how rad the game is!
,Recommended,240760,11000029,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Pocari Sweat,XCom meets Fallout!
76561197976385932,Recommended,240760,11042126,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Space Ctaclar,I don't know about you but I've been waiting for this game for a very long time.
76561198058166418,Recommended,240760,11046177,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,The parkinglot,"For a beta version, it's decent and enjoyable. Would recommend."
76561197999998503,Recommended,240760,13398752,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,BIG. MEATY. CLAWS.,"If you liked the Fallout series before it was absorbed into Gamebryo's Glitchapalooza, you owe it to yourself to buy this game, forget you bought it, and then buy it again."
76561198013111466,Recommended,240760,13936034,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,snouza,"this game has had me hooked for days. gameplay is on point, the story is sound, excellent lore (and plenty of items and descriptions to pulp cutlure or other things that will make you laugh) and i just find nothing to really complain about. if you like xcom, any party based rpg, or you dream of them both together, then wasteland 2 is for you"
76561198004782900,Recommended,240760,14059306,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,wiesmi01,This is a bit of a slow starter and there are more than a few rough edges and reused assets.  But it is also full of the good old RPG qualities that are missing in far to many games.  Well worth a look
76561197979739890,Recommended,240760,14805056,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Deathadder3k1,"Awesome ♥♥♥♥ing game!A little too much dialogue, but thats my personality speaking... nothing against the game. I love it.Reccomend totally Gamers!Jim"
,Recommended,240760,14814062,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ragevirusmusic23,"I seem to have gotten further in 10 minutes of this game than 6 months playing Fallout. Easy to get to grips with, huge depth and I've only just left the area around the citadel. I could of course get equipped in the citadel, but as this is an RPG I've got to go out into the desert and do busy work until I proved myself. If you like  RPG games (Diablo, Arcanum, Fallout, Divine Divinity) with loads to do and get so distracted that you have look up a walkthrough to remember what it was you were supposed to be doing then invest in this. You also get the original game from 1988 (not the ZX Spectrum version;) )and the soundtrack bundled in as well. I can see a lot of lost hours coming over the hill, and it's good."
,Recommended,240760,14866483,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Liquidbullets,"This is the first game of this genre I have played. The 3rd person party turn based type. Love it. The narration in the text box is hilarious and vivid. Unlike some other posts I read, I actually really like the story and got sucked into it. Perhaps my rating is premature since I have not finished the game yet, but around 12 hours in and I've enjoyed every minute of it.I would rate 9/10"
,Recommended,240760,15029560,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Didsqueak,"One of my favorite games as of late - Hours can be put into this game and it still feels fresh, time and time again."
,Recommended,240760,15662944,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,-CML- Ogre,this game is sooo good i had to get checked for Radiation sickness.
,Recommended,240760,15766057,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tef42,Just finished my first run through of the game and I was very impressed.Plays like Fallout and has lots of side quests which do have an affect on the overall game.If you haven't played Wasteland before (like me) there is a bit of a harsh learning curve to start off with and the game doesnt really help you much with that.The start is definately the hardest part of the game. After that its bullet management and then people development.I would definately recommend this game to you if you are into 3rd person strategy games.4.7/5 stars.
76561197984791926,Recommended,240760,13966547,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,SoulRender,Awesome sequel to the original.
76561198014263869,Recommended,240760,14052750,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,JustJozef™,"Unexpectedly found toast in a toaster, then touched a shiny and killed everyone, ending the game and saving hours of pesky gameplay.10/10 would blow myself up again."
76561198044224616,Recommended,240760,14069128,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Thin White Duke,Best game of 2014 bar none.
,Recommended,240760,14319339,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Sierra,"Twenty some-odd years ago I remember playing (and loving) Wasteland - challenging and with a really cool post-apocalyptic story.  I'd read about the Kickstarter campaign and I was really stoked to play this.This game is pretty darned cool.  Stays true to the 'feel' of the original, has a lot going for it.  It's a touch graphic intensive but that's fine.  It's challenging as hell, but that's fine too.  I really, really don't like the camera - it's got some kind of weird ""fog of war"" type feature that causes it to darken and black out all the time.  It gets really annoying, really quick.Aside from that, if you're an aficionado of Wasteland, this is worthy.  If you're into games like Shadowrun and those kinds of RPG, this is worthy.  I recommend it."
,Recommended,240760,14427886,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Vitalsine,"This is the one. The only player funded game that was a success... so far. You guys really paved the way. Now you have big developers trying to use the EA method and the progress they show is terrible. The Wasteland 2 team showed tremendous skill and passion in developing this product, if only the others would learn. Can't wait to finish playing it. Thank you Brian Fargo, you are a god among men."
,Recommended,240760,14797797,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dark Seraphim,"Although I never played the original Wasteland, I always knew it to be the game that fathered the Fallout series, which I loved so much. Being such a huge fan of the Fallout series, I had no doubt in my mind that I would love this game too.After all the bugs and glitches that caused me to rage unistall this game were fixed, I found it to be pure orthographic, post-apocalyptic, RPG fun. Really the only thing I can think of that I don't like is that it is far too short for my liking, it lacks variety in the weapons, clothes and armor you can find and/or buy to dapper your characters up with and it could use a lot more side missions.All that being said, I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the Fallout series or the original Wasteland. Can't wait for Wasteland 3."
,Recommended,240760,14804200,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mord[ZeR],"Great game if you love that Fallout 1, 2 nostalgia - TONS of game content although some of it is a bit buggy. 80 hours for one playthrough is pretty unheard of these days."
76561198034604867,Recommended,240760,14992319,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,verflixt,"This game is all I could have wished for from a post apocalyptic RPG.Clearly I am biased as a fan of the all the fallout games - and though it is a good game, I wished Fallout 3 would have been more like this ^^.Positive:Great narrative and story, Mark Morgan (original fallout composer) soundtrack, just great characters.Sheer size of the game. It is not so heavily front loaded like other deep rpgs (e.g. divine divinity)Combat is ok but could be better - they should have taken a closer look at how X-Com did the turn based combat.Negative:Only thing I didn't like were:Some of the more crappy graphics (yes, there are some - look at the models of the flys for god's sake...)Fazit: Game of the year for me -  Guys, support this game and buy it - the alternative is medium sized studios doing this type of games die out and the only crap you'll be getting is super big budget games aiming to satisfy everything and in the end satisfy no one (mass effect 3 ending, anyone?) and nothing else."
,Recommended,240760,16235386,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,RetroDesign,"Wow, this game is awesome!Been playing it for a couple of days now and not even bored in the slightest. The story is ever expanding and with tons of missions to keep you busy.Well written and thought out. Running around the wasteland has never been more fun!What a gem! 10/10"
76561198002780081,Recommended,240760,14264480,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Kuu,"War, war never changes."
76561198035719846,Recommended,240760,14305900,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,jdmazz,"My favorite game I've ever played so far. This is subject to change, because I haven't completed it yet, but it's unlikely to change... It's all in the details and for me, this one did it right. Sandbox world, brutal on Supreme Jerk, interesting character modification, and dark comedy. The most important thing, though -- the details -- artwork, music, and story that is vivid and focused. It's like the best choose your own adventure you'll ever read, whilst you have a lot more control over the characters. Also, in this adventure, most of the endings are unpleasant for humanity, but the choices really matter a lot. It's just awesome!"
,Recommended,240760,14481498,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sangredevida,Awesome takes me back to a better day of gaming.
76561198007697872,Recommended,240760,15508239,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Kilo 1 Zero,"The spiritual successor to Fallout 2, and the new gold standard in post apocalyptic isometric RPGs. It's very engaging, good progression, and has a great story. The homages to the genre and the original Wasteland are well done without being overbearing. I got a lot of great hours of gameplay out of it, and replayability is definitely there to get through multiple branching plot lines. 10/10"
,Recommended,240760,15749463,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ellis 51773,"Like Fallout 2 except fewer crashes and in 3D. In fact, it's surprisingly polished and detailed. Caused me to lose track of time."
,Recommended,240760,13903728,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,mamolian,"Tatical squad game with turn based combat, set in a post apocalyptical world. Excellent so far!"
,Recommended,240760,14184662,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,tenshi3,"Genuninely the most enjoyable RPG I've ever played. It can't replicate the raw feeling of an rpg that puts you in first person, but instead you get a gratifying tactical combat system, with brutal results.By far the most rewarding part of the game is unlikely many other RPGs which put you in the centre of the world but only let you push and prod the world around you, this game truly lets you shape the world making you feel part of it and best of all does things totally unexpected that mean you really do have to think about what you are doing!Finally an RPG where shoot first actually is a valid strategy!"
,Recommended,240760,14187398,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Absorbs Quickly,"A pretty long game if you let it be and exlore. Well paced and outside of some balance issues (some weapons are comically bad compared to others) and common RPG issues like over-encouraging min/maxing there's not much else I disliked. Good story, well written, and with a pretty good conversation system. Combat is fun but can get a bit reptetetive by the end."
,Recommended,240760,14259921,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Acreades,"I had medium expectations for this game.  I thought it would be fine, not good or great.  However, it has really taken be by surprise.  I give it a 'great' on execution, creativity, usability, and fun.  Awesome post-apocalyptic western vibe.The story is enthralling, and you feel like you are capable in the beginning.  As you progress, find weapons, level up, you see how it has a direct impact on your success.  You also see how your decisions on what skills to skip leave you understanding the consequences.  ""Dang, wish I could break down that wall!""However, there are many ways to tackle problems, so you are never helpless or out of options.  Every quest I've encountered has clear requirements and satisfying endings.You may be jarred by the rough character models at the beginning on character creation, but know that the game is not played at that close of a view.  They look sharp from the normal game camera, and graphics overall are good.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Baldur's Gate, X-Com, Divinity Original Sin, and the like."
76561198031279439,Recommended,240760,14412358,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,MalDracon,"One of the best games I've played. Either conserve ammo, or go all gun-ho and forced to use your bear hands. I've played Baulders Gate back when, and I love this game so much more, because you have a chance to really create the players you love, and when they die its dramatic. I seriously recommend this game to all strategy gamers."
76561198097986621,Recommended,240760,13966190,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DeciviousDan,10/10 Would explode like a blood sausage again!
76561197981631838,Recommended,240760,16945789,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,TOG | Skyggles,"Gamer dad so turnbased games are perfect for me atm.Having a blast with this game. Was hoping for harder puzzles, but the ingame perogatives often yield good entertainment value :)"
,Recommended,240760,16998209,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,JimSlav,"Love Wasteland 2, love Brian Fargo, would wear a cheerleader outfit to keep him working. But still can't play Wasteland 2 fullscreen on my Mac without losing video! Please update!UPDATE 10/26/2015: Tried Wasteland 2 Director's Cut.  Still can't go fullscreen and must play the game windowed.  I'm also having this problem with Shadowrun: Hong Kong, so maybe it's something about my OS.  Aye me, maybe time to upgrade."
76561197996114695,Recommended,240760,13890059,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Saytrsong,"This is one of the best games I've played in a while. Wasteland 2 is very intricate and has much depth to be explored. Being a major predecessor to post-apocalyptic rpgs, it holds a very unique atmosphere to the wasteland that no other can quite live up to. The game itself plays great, looks great and sounds great. Very high replayability and each run through I'm guessing might average 80 hours depending on what action in the story you take.The developers did a great job at offering different paths through the game, leaves a lot to be wondered how every situation could have gone. I don't think I could recommend this game any higher. If you're a fan of the any of the Fallouts or Jagged Alliance and like a strategy based post-apocalyptic setting, then this game would be worth every penny. I got it on sale (some 20 bucks or so) and I'd be willing to drop full price on this game...totally worth it. Hope to see more Wasteland in the future for sure."
76561198016334843,Recommended,240760,14183552,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Kuz,"This game is one of my absolute favourite! When I play, I truly believe that I am in a post-apocalyptic world, where real s**t can just happen. Amazing!Pros:- Once again: amazing!- Very good character creation with skills, abilities. Exactly what you need in a game like this.- You get experience when you use a skill!- Quite long game, with lots of different areas.- Very good map for long-distance travelling. Random radio noises, areas with different level of radiation, random encounters, oasises, hidden treasures. Yammie. :)Cons:- The graphics are a bit ""old"". I mean, the overall design is quite good, but the way how it looks like...well, a bit ""old"" thats all I can say.- Sometimes I wonder how movement and attack is calculated during a fight. Sometimes I can only go 5-6-tile far and when sometimes an enemy can come right in front of my nose from long distance AND can shoot once...? It caused me lot of troubles at the very beginning.- There are no markers in your quest log indicating where to go, only the texts that are not 100% useful every time. Need some improvements here, because sometimes you have 10-12 quests at the same time.Update:After playing it through, there are some additional things I would like to share:Pros:- (Spoiler!!!) The storytelling after the game is excellent. It is built up from your choices made throughout the game. It is a bit long, but the overall story is also long.Cons:- Why there are so many mines everywhere? Mines should be used for keeping an area safe and not for placing them on random positions on a map.- The same applies for locks and traps on different boxes and chests. I saw thousands of traps on medical bags for no real reason. They should be mostly on the big ammunition boxes and doors leading to somewhere hidden from public."
,Recommended,240760,14226644,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,| Rap7or,"If you loved Fallout or Fallout 2, this game is like that.Very unforgiving at the start if you don't take Angela Deth.  If you're new be sure to take her.Ammo and supplies are very scarce at the start of the game.Fun game though, i've put lots of hours in, and finished it twice!"
76561198061399865,Recommended,240760,14419437,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Pookie,"This is a great game, and it has made me even more excited for Tides of Numenera. Thank you InXile!"
76561198066640339,Recommended,240760,14770690,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,JamesGames,"If you were a fan of the classic, orignal fallout franchise, oh boy is this your thing. Other than the obvious visual and setting differences the games are practically mirror images of one another and Wasteland 2 brings back the classic dungeon crawler camera to boot. Aside from recruiting railroad worshipping Native Americans and surviving 40ft tall weaponized Scorpitrons the game offers the same in depth story you would expect from the genre. While most ingame characters are not voiced the ones that are have been given supreme attention and detail put into their characters. Not giving any spoilers the game picks up several years after the events of the first game and evil doers plotting the destruction of the wastes. To put it short you build up your team, get the idea that your unstoppable after you kill an entire canyon of bandits, then a mutated frog kicks you in the teeth and says sit down chump. For real the frogs are op. 10\10 would die again."
,Recommended,240760,14799589,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Skeeve,"Sadly I must agree with many reviewers before - it is a good game, but nothing special.For me the 3D engine takes me out of the experience a bit, spanning the camera around to find treasure is not in my mind ""wasteland"" kind of fun.Although the story elements are varied and fun by themselves they don't seem to add up to something greater.I expected more 'mods' for the guns, and maybe even less statistics for skillchecks. Current UI makes it a bit too much ""numbers"" game. Rather than emotions.It still gives the experience of the old 'wasteland' type of games, but it is not special.Perhaps it is that I've just grown to want more than I did 10+ years ago."
76561198008824864,Recommended,240760,15003877,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Infowars.com,"I do enjoy the game, really I do. However I dock one point for their kickstarter/marketing problem. two points docked for bugging out at the rail yard final combat area. Still havn't been able to get past this area without crashing to desktop. One point taken away for not having knockback, and prone positions. (come on, FO Tactics did it years ago.) Minus one point for an enemy A.I. that on frequent occasion, moves back and forth between two squares even when next to a ranger.Glad I didn't invest in this game in the early stages. Although it does a wayyyyyy better job then XCOM soooo... Meh.Also, the hardest difficultly is pretty well done. Perfect blend of ammo conservation, and variety of ammunition types.Overall, I'll bump it back up to 6/10. Thank you for hearing me out."
76561197973546137,Recommended,240760,15028995,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Telcontar,"I'm forty hours in and seems like I still have plenty to go. The hardest difficulty actually got too much for me, and I've been oscillating between the hardest and second-hardest. Only real issue is the occasionally janky mission triggers (which, let's be honest, is almost required to REALLY bring back that old-school feeling)."
,Recommended,240760,15043169,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Zeroepix,"Great, gritty atmosphere, good writing, good gameplay, very few bugs. Easily 100+ hours to see it all.Combat started getting a little bit tired by the end, but beyond that, it's difficult to find faults with the game."
76561198063245527,Recommended,240760,15050902,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,rickywaters35,"If you like a game that makes you mad at people who interupt your gaming session, this is it. Forty-one hours in and all I want to do is call in sick, turn off phone, and 10 hours later...I'll do one more thing then save it...yea right!"
76561197962020154,Recommended,240760,15594340,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Falcon,"Excellent throwback to an old school style of game. If you enjoyed Fallout 1 and 2, you will love this game. Excellent tactical combat and an amazingly in depth and interesting story of a land after the apocalypse."
76561198053063937,Recommended,240760,15651302,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,mr_hankey_00,"It's a lot of fun and a good story. I love the fact that your choices seem to matter more then most RPG's lately. Is it perfect..no, but if you like the old fallout games it's good fun."
76561198037377422,Recommended,240760,15762490,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Campy the Terrible,"I bought this game during the last winter sale, after having heard a lot of hype and deciding I'd give it a chance.In hindsight, I would gladly have paid full price.Wasteland 2 isn't perfect, several things about it annoy me (top of my list being the pointlessness of heavy weapons). But none of those things are enough to stop it from being the best game I've bought so far this year.Have recommended to all of my friends /10"
76561198049590580,Recommended,240760,16264964,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Hitman,This is what I expected from Fallout 3. Massive postapocalyptic turn-based RPG with beautiful music.
,Recommended,240760,16739793,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,SuperDuperStrongDinousaur,"This game is a great turn-based RPG.  The amount of customization is pretty freaking sweet without it making you completely overpowered.  There are a few bugs in the game, but it's still good non-the-less.  Linux Ubuntu 14.04."
76561198027921891,Recommended,240760,17257695,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Literally Hitler,"Good main story, although no very original. The ""side"" quests more than make up for it though! Skills are used early and often."
,Recommended,240760,13897793,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,webpigeon,"One of the best RPGs I've played in years - good amount of gameplay and linux support. I'd liked to have seen the skills system used to more effect (most of the items you can lockpick or safecrack are all the same), but lots of the puzzles can be solved in multiple ways depending on your skillset."
,Recommended,240760,14189937,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Fighter_025,"LOVE this game!  Everything I like, RPG, strategy, with tactical action.  I have already put 90 hours into this game and dont even think I am half way.Pros;*Fairly open sandbox*Good mix of skills and customisation that levels up*Weapon modding is fun and the mods make a noticable difference*Decent story with critical decisions that make an impactCons;*No vehicles*A couple of buggy sub-quests*NPC followers with low hit points who you have no idea what to do withAll in all, this game is great and engaging.  The combat is meaty and rewarding (although a spot of friendly fire can be very frustrating - at least that goes away as you level up you proficiency in a weapon).  The bugs that I have noticed are few and far between and provided you save regularly they are not a big issue.  My main concern with the game are the NPC followers that you find occasionally, they have very low hit points so cannot stand battle.  Not only that, they will run off and engage in suicidal battle.  This issue with that is, I am not sure if these NPC's are needed for quests or the story and you have no way of sending them somewhere safe.In any case, I highly recommend this game and hope Brian gets to make some more!"
,Recommended,240760,17277192,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Squashbuckler,"Wow! This game was a breath of fresh air! I have not been so engrossed by a game since some of the oldschool RPG likes planescape torment, baldurs gate, fallout 1, Fallout 2. This is the true successor to fallout 2. This game immediately took me in, and reminded me of the old fallout days. I could go on, but the bottomline is this:If you liked the old games that I mentioned, this game is for you.This is an oldschool RPG not for the feint of heart who dont like to read.That being said, this game is not perfect, and is not the polished product that its predecessors was, but is still a great game, and deserves a play!"
,Recommended,240760,14990453,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Lordo,This game gets my♥♥♥♥♥♥hard whenever I boot it up. Then my squatch ♥♥♥♥♥es come over and take care of it.10/10 would use wasteland 2 as an aphrodesiac again. no really though this game is damn awesome.
76561198085037755,Recommended,240760,15492167,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Randall T-Bag,Great but buggy. Crashes a lot.
76561198035684625,Recommended,240760,15668810,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,sfstout,"Very good turn-based RPG, better all around game than Pillars of Eternity and Divinity Original Sin."
76561198054476291,Recommended,240760,15845624,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mr Skeltal,"I overall enjoyed wasteland 2 even though i'm not done with it and would recommend it to those who enjoy the older fallout games. However this is not what I would call a great game.Pros: Lots of content: worth the price tag but i would recommend a sale if your unsure about it.Interesting location: it might look like fallout but this wasteland does its own thingDifferent ways to handle situationsOverall is well balanced in both levels and combat, but it gets really easy early onThe world map while small is broken into 2 sections (one big with a medium amount of stuff and a small but dense)Enjoyable ( if not simple) tactical combatHas some humor but its not the focusCons: Its not the nicest looking game but get the job doneCombat tends to get easier and less interesting later onA bit long (can be a good or bad thing)Dull characters ( not awful but forgettable)Limited character creationText based dialogue can make world less interesting (even though there is some voice acting but not always)Overall 7.5/10 but If your on the fence I'd say go for it"
76561198026291815,Recommended,240760,15933594,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,littlenicky1,"Was a very fun game , a lot of content , but could be improved"
76561198032070687,Recommended,240760,16244415,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ey2262003,Fantastic game!  Absolutely worth it!  Hope they make another SOON!
76561198054179608,Recommended,240760,16950816,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Darth_Major,"Very engaging RPG with a good deal of character cutomization and a dark, often humorous, post apocalyptic environment. If you are a fan of the Fallout series, you can't go wrong with this."
76561197989897232,Recommended,240760,17132836,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,miner45,good game one day i will play all of it when my internet gos down.
,Recommended,240760,14332782,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Longstreet,"This is the game that Fallout 3 SHOULD have been, with interesting combat, cool customization, creative quests, generally sharp writing, and most of all a sense of humor. A worthy successor to Wasteland and Fallout 1 and 2 - the latter two games being the two best CRPGs ever made IMHO. It's not QUITE as good as Fallout 1 and 2, but it comes close. The graphics aren't the most mind-blasting you'll ever see, but the everything else is so good it really doesn't matter. Highly recommended."
76561198059413873,Recommended,240760,14829613,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Avender,"So far i've enjoyed this game quite a bit.  It took about 7 hours for the first mission and to clear/find everything in the area and get used to the mechanics. I haven't really played a strategy/tactics game since FinalFantasyTactics. Ya. It's been awhile. Finally getting back into the genre and am also a fan of the Fallout universe. To me this is less buggy than FO3 or FONV. For what it is, i'm going to enjoy the hell out of it."
76561198057551818,Recommended,240760,15508787,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,KidiceWylde,"One of my favorite strategies I have played in a long while. It does come with a few bugs, but from what I've heard it is a vast improvement from before."
76561198032221011,Recommended,240760,15591608,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Lunitek,"Awesome turn based RPG. Very nice Nuked out landscape, with alot of story-driven choices. I have replayed it twice now and still discoverig more. Smooth combat, with bloody graphics help with the imersion aspect. REALLY ENJOYED IT!!!"
,Recommended,240760,13905233,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Jezz_X,"Good game Lots of fun, but sometimes its a little confusing as to just what you have to do in order to complete the missions(like agreeing to join another crazy faction in order to get the radio tower key you need to complete the main mission. I figured as a ranger that was not something I should do so I had to google the solution)And the log book maybe needs a sort by Updated option.Don't get me wrong its well worth the money and the time you put into it so buy the damn thing and have fun so many pop culture references in it real funny"
,Recommended,240760,13951935,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,oldmantime,The same feeling as when I first played fallout 1.
,Recommended,240760,13953417,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Kenny Powers,This game is pretty amazing. I'm gettin closer to being done with Arizona...I'm hoping that this eventually opens up for steam workshop items to allow for modding and map design. Could be amazeballs.
,Recommended,240760,13960428,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Super Saiyan Hello,"Amazing game, reminded me of why I loved the original fallouts the best."
76561198098026018,Recommended,240760,13993621,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,wukong80,Fan of RPG this is a must.I hope there will be more to come.
76561198064193327,Recommended,240760,14054687,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Atila,i like the game is  awsome is fun as hell and funny the same time
76561197971372268,Recommended,240760,14273472,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,pbenda,Good old school turn-based combat game--love it.
,Recommended,240760,14282516,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Butts McBellies,"Starts a bit slow and suffers from some minor archaic game mechanics, but it's a very well-written and engaging experience. Combat is not too deep, but it's solid and shooting feels meaty as it should, if you played original Fallout games or Silent Storm series, you'll definitely find it enjoyable. The quests are fun, and consequences of some can be unpredictable and bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥later on. The only real critique is outdated visuals with lots and lots of reused assets and character portraits, and lack of variety in music. They're nice dark ambient tracks, but some of them really don't fit the areas they're used in, like lively towns, and in general there's just not that many tracks in the game, which is a bit of a problem, considering that the game will take you 80+ hours to finish. Also, while there's little voice acting, the quality of it is very high: every time your radio catches some signal, it draws you in immediately."
76561198035450493,Recommended,240760,14762437,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,JII,So far I've started this game and starting to relive the best of Fallout... Thank you Wasteland you brought back a gem.
76561198058554133,Recommended,240760,14766465,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,AnotherGuy,"Definiely reccomend, but it's sort of hardto get used to after playing so much of the original fallouts..."
76561198018638649,Recommended,240760,13902262,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Masterbaker,"This game is enthralling, there is a bit of a learning curve and the tutorial system isn't overbearing and hold your hand the entire way through. You will mess up, you will need to load saves, save often.That being said, its quite fun. It's very reminiscent of the old Fallout series as well as other turn based games.The smoothness and fluidity makes it a dream to play for hours without realizing the amount of time passed."
,Recommended,240760,13962359,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ggriffin,"Great game thus so far. Im still exloring all the different ways you can go about certain missions so ya this is a very expansive game. Filled with funny and nostolgic references that any sci-fi or 80's kid will love. To put it simply, if you liked any of the Fallout games and can tolerate top down style gameplay, then this game is worth a look."
,Recommended,240760,14807517,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,kobolde,"Well, I'm kind of torn about this game. On one hand it's an excellent game, with a decent story, fun combat, interesting skills to use and well-enough made. But there are a million of annoying things, which don't really ruin the game for me, but bug the hell outta me. The game does have some very good ideas, for example looting enemies is well done; you automatically loot nearby enemies when selecting one, and you can send loot across the party to Rangers who can use the found ammo, medi-kits, etc. Also the conversation system is rather good. You can involve all of your group in a conversation, if you want to (not that it matters who speaks, but gives me an opportunity to roleplay my group). I'm still on my first playthrough, but I've already noticed there are almost always several ways to complete a task. Which is wonderful, not only for replayability's sake, but makes me feel I can do things my way.But the annoyances? They are aplenty. For example, no group formation. Seriously? The game is even designed so that battles start where the characters stand, so every fight I have to start with all my characters clumped together. And you can't even move through other characters!! Very frustrating. Another big problem with combat is that I can't postpone a characters turn. This is especially annoying when my Ranger gets to act first when combat begins, but she is surrounded by her team mates, and cannot move. This added to the fact that hitting your own teammates by accident seems a little too easy, and it gets frustrating fast. This kinda omissions should have been patched a long time ago, I can find no excuses why they are still in the game.There are other gripes, also. The logbook for one is next to useless. There are only two sorting options, both of which make very little sense. And in this kind of game, I would expect that I could check the log for all the conversations I've had. But no. You can't even manage the logbook in anyway, except for tagging some tasks. I have a task regarding some objects I found, and after running around for over an hour, I finally checked the quest from the internet, and found out that I can't complete it, because the guy I was supposed to talk to was now dead. But I can't remove the task from the logbook even manually. Adds to frustration.A big problem is also the enemy AI. There is none, seems like it is artificial stupidity rather than intelligence. Enemies have no tactics or sense of self-preservation. Usually they just rush you and get killed.So, in closing, the game is rather good, but has a million small problems, which aren't that bad alone, but start to eat you up eventually. Oh, and the humor seems rather forced, most of the jokes left me feeling ""meh"". I still recommend this, though.PS: Game of the Year 2014? Gotta to be a joke, Divinity: Original Sin came out the same year. Other than the setting, these two games are very similar, but D:OS is soooo much better made."
76561198000598288,Recommended,240760,15481409,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,bertalach,"So managed to finally get into this game finally, as in found something within it to love it was a hard battle. I then decided to use fast travel on the world map the path finding sent me through a heavy rad area and wiped out my party.I turns out I was so engrossed in the story I hadn't saved and I did not expect the AI to kill me in an arbitrary and pointless manner.I am now putting it to oneside again until I am bored enough to try and pick it up again!"
76561197970499534,Recommended,240760,16823615,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,AwfulRob,There's a lot of game here.  My first impressions were pretty average but as I gre use to the almost antique mechanics of the game and built my characters up it grew on me.  If you have an interest in old school group RPGs then this will serve nicely
,Recommended,240760,16930813,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Amoeba,"This game has good squad building mechanics. You can make your own squad members or choose from premade ones. You can even have certain npcs you meet along the way join your squad. If a squad member or npc dies it can't be revived. Luckily, you can save and load at any time.There is plenty of content. I've played for 63 hours and I'm not done with it yet. But I've also restarted the game once so I can play on a harder difficulty with a new squad. I also wanted to see what the game would be like if I made some different choices on the main storyline.Ill admit that I was expecting better graphics when I first started but the graphics just aren't that important. What's really important is content and mechanics. Wasteland 2 excels in these categories."
76561198067740990,Recommended,240760,16947989,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,xHoliday,assault rifles make your life easier.
,Recommended,240760,17208264,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,LukeWee,"Wasn't expecting the game to become a Terminator Survival Game as shooting human synthethics became the main storyline later in the game.In a nutshell, this game is considered adequate as its flaws may disappoint people.Aside from bugs and glitches, I find the story to be interesting and compelled me to finish the game all the way through. The only downside is the loop holes that the devs have missed which kills the immersion and frustrates the player. You expected to be denouced and hated by a certain tribe as you accidently killed their leader but for this instance they literally act like they didn't know about it and kept on what their doing. These loop holes will kill your experience with the game if you are too immerse with the game's well constructed environment and story.Your actions do have its consequences and even possibility affecting the outcome of your endgame but may be limited to a certain area instead throughout your playthrough.Combat is turn-based and may frustrates players as it lacks a planning mode or a pause button before entering an encounter. Making player planned ambushes harder to execute and combat prep time less time. There is also an absence of combat skills usable in combat encounter a side from Headshot. Thus, making combat less dynamic and more repetitive.Overall, it's still a CRPG. You still may enjoy your experience with this game but may probaly wish this game offer something more than it currently have ."
76561198011901051,Recommended,240760,13913307,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Dumpster Diver,"Do you like :Post Apocolypse? CheckDark Humor? CheckGreat story/dialgue? CheckThe goat was a nice touch. ""AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!""A+Buy this game, If only for the goat(s)."
76561198006489992,Recommended,240760,14292870,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Captain Australia,"First up, I thoroughly recommend this game.  It's an old school isometric RPG, and it's excellent.It has it's flaws, but overall they don't undermine the experience, the worst I could say about this game is that there are some balance issues, and there are elements of the game that feel rough and unfinished.I think it suffers from kickstarter-itis .. where a developer seeks a budget on the KS platform, achieves or exceeds it, then works to that budget.  Back in the day, a company would outlay their own capital and not make money until the product was released, now kickstarter covers development and profit goes into someone's bank account.The problem with this (understandable) model is that there's not a lot of room for stretch and polish.  You either wildly exceed the kickstarter or you don't - and if you do, let's face it, there's probably a bit more of a 'loose' approach with project management and a higher budget for chicken chow mein.I think there are functional elements of the game that should have been deeper, and there are story-telling elements that fell onto the 'nice to have but not essential' list and got cut.Incidentally, I haven't finished the game yet, I'm about 75% through (I think).Here's my view on the Good/BadGood:- graphics and theme are nice- world map and random encounters makes you feel 'there'- radio chatter from different factions is immersive- background lore (the rangers, their character, their personalities) .. all good- combat: for the most part is satisfying and tactical- story: although contrived in places, overall the storytelling pulls you in and holds your interest- conversations and character writing is good for the most part (but also a missed opportunity)Bad:- weapon balance has some very bad decisions, energy weapons in particular range from OP in some situations to useless in others.  I say balance, but I don't really care too much about balance, what bothers me is some of the weapons are balanced is .. well, not logical and doesn't fit into a consistent and realistic universe- Skills & Attributes: for me a real missed opportunity, they disconnect.  Example, Charisma doesnt effect conversations.  Seriously.  There's no randomness or discreet skill impact on conversations, just gatekeeper skills hardarse/intimidation, smartarse/logic, kissarse/charm .. and those skills are just numbers.  Likewise the balance of stats and skills is not really intuitive and clever in it's design, I guess in a way the game suffers from being compared to Fallout 2 in that regard.- Contrived/Illogical writing:  there are some key points where the writing is a bit .. contrived.  No matter what you do, it's pre-ordained that the outcome will lead you from A->B->C, doesnt matter if you're evil or good.  If I were to analogise with pen&paper roleplaying, it's basically having a GM who can't 'think on their feet' .. the underarching story should be invisible, it should feel like you have total freedom and YOU (the player) are calling the shots .. instead, there are a few key points in the story writing where you feel more than a bit led by the nose (worse, there are some points where you only have a couple of options and those options don't allow for wide variations in character, one specific example you have 3 options to respond to a challenge from your CO, and each of them forces you to lie.Overall, I give the game a solid 8.5 / 10 golden jabberoos."
76561197970569211,Recommended,240760,14806269,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Orangelander,"Wasteland 2 is an outstanding example of how to design and present a post-apocalyptic roleplaying game. It oozes cargo-cult weirdness while consistently challenging the player to make difficult choices between which faction to help. Furthermore, to get what appear to be the “best” outcomes you have to go the extra mile. It’s even better that they don’t always turn out how you planned either. The turn-based combat is rewarding and on-par with similar RPGs developed in recent years. There are also a good number of weapons and types available alongside an exhaustive range of junk with amusing descriptors – that you will lug everywhere if you are a hoarder like me. Finally, the ending is well managed narratively and makes you feel that your choices throughout the game had some impact on the wasteland and its interesting characters."
,Recommended,240760,14998340,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Chadius,"What a fantastic game - if you enjoyed the Fallout Series, you'll be a big fan of Wasteland 2. Well worth the money, especially if you get it on a Steam sale! One play through lasted me about 45 hours, so its good value for the money."
76561198008932506,Recommended,240760,15050951,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MrJane,"Just beat this game. Fantastic, start to finish."
,Recommended,240760,15977334,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Jukebox,"I loved the post apocalyptic setting, the stories, the game play. Great game overall!"
76561198034385584,Recommended,240760,16693349,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,rufusisaspaz,Great game no DLC to buy for it if you like old school RPG this is a great buy!!
,Recommended,240760,14802276,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Tizzlenater,Very good time. New game plus for more playthroughs. Worth full price. Get it if you love old school isometric.
76561198039108757,Recommended,240760,14861632,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Captin,"I never played WL1 unfortunately, it seems, I had missed out on some good old times. While it was provided with WL2 I can't find myself playing it, I have no history with it so I'd probably just find it frustrating to play (given its age). Anyways...I dove straight into WL2 having no background of its story aside from it was the idea behind Fallout, or so I've been told. It's exactly what you think it is, a strategy game based in a wasteland. If you loved the play style and strategy of X-COM then you're going to love this one.Creating your own squad of rejects is a fantastic feature that really give this game a personal touch. That piled atop the countless types of skill sets and passive ability makes the combinations limitless. You start out in a group of scrubs as a sort of Robin Hood squad beating up on those that choose absolute power over all.The game is combat oriented, obviously, but contains plenty of story elements and dialog to make a well rounded adventure. The combat is a pause-based system, meaning that out of combat you remain in real-time however once you enter combat you're dropped into turn-based. Fights play out depending on your team composition, skills, and most importantly the type of opponent you're facing.Non-combat related sections are filled with witty dialog and at times strange challenges that require certain skills to surpass.My pain points are primarily in the chance-of-X percentages, which seem entirely incorrect, many of which are probably quite easy to fix if they choose to do so.-Critical failures: This causes so much rage it's unreal. Seemingly a 1% chance here feels like 99.9%. WHY...it's a joke.-Rogue chance: This is most definitely broken, proven when a squad mate with a reduced-to-zero chance went rogue on the FIRST TURN. Even after every turn he went rogue...-Broken cover seems to be a big problem, obvious walls which should be providing the bonus...don't.Side notes: I would highly recommend the save/char editor merely as a respec tool. Why this wasn't included as a training feature in the game baffles me. The skills can be confusing for most people and incorrectly allocating points can be a real game breaker."
,Recommended,240760,14935067,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Haunted Shell,"A game much like Fallout and Fallout 2, as promised, but also so much more.A sophisticated , challenging, tactical turn-based top-down RPG. Is there a moniker for such a thing ? A Fallout clone, can I say that ? It's really a great game. Solid gameplay, compelling story and interesting characters and scenarios. The humor is suitably black and hilarious, as you'd expect in the post-apocalypse.If you enjoyed the older Fallout titles, you'll love this.8/10"
76561198051186302,Recommended,240760,17070556,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Titanium Tits,"This is a game that requires a lot of time and attention span. The story and writing is awesome and improves after a few hours of gameplay. There is room for improvement in graphics and such (it is a kickstarter afterall). Although it is not a beginner friendly game at all, the depth of the game is something to appreciate with experience. Absolutely would recommend."
76561197983327533,Recommended,240760,15406704,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Kevlar,"Jagged Alliance, Xcom, the Original Fallout, any Tactics game. If you like any of those, you will love Wasteland 2."
76561198095533193,Recommended,240760,16871167,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Na Na Na mattob-raps,Very fun game. Combat  is like xcom in some ways. You are free to build you own group and you can start with ones the game has made. It is open world but you do go to smalll citys and there and missions but you are free to go were you want to.It is a long game but it is somthing that you can just sit down and play i do think that it is woth the full price.
76561198063140793,Recommended,240760,16110884,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,voldaltz,"This games strong points are theme and dialogue. Story is very well developed and different stages in the game create a fluid experience. Artwork is great but limited.Currently, graphics and voice-overs are limited but GOY edition is supposed to improve it.This game is long and slow but rich in content. If you're patient and want to try something ""oldschool""-esque, get this game."
76561197967358516,Recommended,240760,16822890,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,chille_dawg,"Excellent turn based strategy game, if you are a fan of the original Fallout games or just a fan of turn based strategy games in general I would defintely recommend wasteland 2. There is a lot of lore for the world and loads of dialogue options. The only gripe I have is it appears to be the same as every turn based combat game I've played lately where the percentage to hit doesn't actually mean much and a 95% means you will still miss a lot more often than you should but that aside combat is good and well thought out and in some situations you need to think about your options a lot."
76561198182339107,Recommended,240760,16938619,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,cathal,need more thtas all
76561197991987483,Recommended,240760,14118844,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,VasWolf,On my second playthrough now and still loving it. A solid playthrough will give you 60 - 90 hours of entertainment for your $40. I'm lookig forward to seeing what Brian Fargo will do next!
,Recommended,240760,14215383,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,namgrim,"Oh wow... I finished Wasteland 2 and it took me over 70 hours. At any point it didn't feel a waste of time.How have I been missing the genre. I'm talking about old-school CRPGs with turn-based combat and that really feel almost like P&PRPG:s. The gamer really plays a role. For me, 90's was the golden age of gaming, spawning CRPGs like Baldur's Gate series, Planescape: Torment and the first two Fallouts.I was worried if Wasteland 2 would be too hard for me. In the nineties I used to play a lot PC games, but as I've gotten older, I don't invest so much time for the gaming anymore. Also, today's video games are more easier and I though I'd be spoiled. But I was wrong! Yes, Wasteland 2 is challenging, also pretty frustrating at time to time, but it is also so compelling that I want to play it more and try harder. The difficulty is spot on.The game is fugly. I mean the game world graphics. It looks like something from the early 2000's when the 3D graphics were still awkward as hell. On the character portraits and all the drawn 2D stuff are decent and cool. I personally don't care much about the graphics, though. The audio is good. I especially love the ambient (Fallout-ish) soundtrack by Mark Morgan. It really sets the mood for exploring the vast desert wasteland and the ruins of the past world. Also the voice acting is well executed.Combat is a major part of the game. People have complained that it is not tactical enough. I don't know about that, I don't care. When I bought Wasteland 2, I was buying an RPG not a tactical strategy game. So, I like the turn-based combat as it is. Well, addition to the headshot, more targeted shots would've been nice, but you can't always get everything.I liked the main and side quests. There seemed to be several ways to deal with everything and the player's choices really have effects in the Wasteland. The story and dialogue was well written. There is a lot of text to read, but I don't mind that. You like reading a lot of text or you don't — its' really just a matter of taste. I do understand gamers that just want to ”play the game, not read a book”, but I enjoyed reading the dialogue and all kinds of item descriptions and little jokes here and there. The game is immersive as hell and it just sucked me inside its world.Wasteland 2 is not perfect, but it truly is a great game. I hadn't enjoyed playing a new videogame this much for many, many years."
76561198088544949,Recommended,240760,14413154,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,quochuy.phan87,"Completed the main quests and a few side quests. I would totally recommend this game to you if you are a fan of turn-based RTS. The game brings back the good old days of Fallout 2 (nearly 10 years ago). Happy hunting, Echo One!"
76561198017610448,Recommended,240760,14963565,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Torgrath,"I really love this game. This is what a strategy RPG should feel like. There are consequences for being dumb and the ability to save before doing said dumb makes it all worth it. The flavor of this game is awesome and really doesnt pull any punches. Sorry little Timmy we had to eat your family, but hey you have water now!"
76561198063144733,Recommended,240760,15442460,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,gnometorule,"A wonderful, deep, pretty, funny, and extremely long game - I clock 252 hours at the time I'm writing this, and this is my first playthrough which is quite a bit from finished (I restarted maybe a few hours in, and must have kept the game on a few times while not playing, but I doubt this accounts for even 50 hours). You can certainly finish faster, but if you try to obsessively find and do everything (and which true RPG fan doesn't?), I doubt by much if you read all dialogue and such.I'm an RPG, and more generally fantasy old-timer. I've played D&D all night through each Saturday back in the mid 80s, and later the Baldur's Gate series, etc. Strangely, while I owned it, I never finished or even progressed much into Fallout, but from the first steps into this game, this felt like the real deal from 20 years back with a very attractive new chassis.While the game allows for much optional questing and is largely open-world, it also guides you along nicely, so you rarely have to wonder what you could do next, which I appreciate. The character animations are awesome, with special shoutouts to enemies in wheel chairs, or those whose legs you chopped off sometimes still crawling for a few seconds before collapsing. :) Voice acting is excellent, and plentyful; and by the end of the game, you had enough background text to read that it amounts to almost a short book. The UI is great and allows for easy access to really everything, with little gimmicks such as the game allowing for automatic intelligent loot sharing (but, in line with RPGamers being OCD, who would want that? :)). The skill system truly matters, and you'll miss out on a lot if you don't cover ALL skills among your team (which you can, by and large - I skipped two somewhat useless skills only).And so much of the dialogue really cracks me up...my favorite is probably the leader of the robotic faction who keeps advertising on air with demented marketing such as to not follow another leader who'll just enslave you, while he'll kill you prganic vermin as free men! Another recent favorite was the third prize in a lottery organized by a gang leader which was described along the lines of ""you'll get to work on my farm...which used to be your farm.""I'm playing on normal. On this difficulty, the game is somewhat easy after the first few levels. I personally like that as for the first playthough, I focus on story; and as there are two higher difficulty levels, I assume those looking for a challenge can find it too.Looking for something to criticize, I find:(1) Occasional in-fight freezing - not the game, but the camera, which means typically that you can no longer use your team and need to re-load. It's very rare though. I've noticed a few other small bugs as well; none even close to game-breaking(2) Occasional un-finished scripting (e.g., if in a Cali town you act like the usual good guy and kill the ""Leather Jerks"" (Tom of Finland type men all wearing fashionable chastity belts), a lot of the dialogue and such that follows doesn't quite fit what really happened(3) Weapons are very unbalanced. That is NO negative for me (it's single-player, so who cares?), but might be for some(4) Attribute 'intelligence' is WAY too important. You'll be a fool to not have an entire team of brainiacs, all with maximum intelligence of 10(5) The team doesn't grow too much on you, as you have no inter-character dialogueBut this is really a game that I expect anyone who likes classic RPGs will not like, but adore (if you're a WoW PvPer, sorry, you're not an RPG fan. I'm talking about those being in it more than anything for story, setting, and atmosphere).Get it if you haven't yet!"
,Recommended,240760,15741273,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Hardware,The game was really put together well and the graphics (while not new age) are a lot of fun to play in.  I am very happy to call this a sequel to Wasteland 1 and look forward to the improvements coming and Wasteland 3 in the future (hopefully not 20years from now)!
76561197963648881,Recommended,240760,15794815,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Yosh,"This is a must for every lover of the Fallout series. You may like it a little more or less but if you haven't tired Fallout 1 & 2, it will be a entirely new experience.Huge replayablility."
,Recommended,240760,16284255,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Mad Scientist,A totally great RPG set in a post apoc world. It has the same humor and wit as the original Fallouts. It's just so damn good.
76561198031284143,Recommended,240760,27208627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Drumsmasher10,"The Writers+Designers have commited to ensuring the player misses out on *so much* content, but only due to the amount of branching content within this game. Narratively makes for a very unique experience, although the combat is awesome too."
,Recommended,240760,11427421,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Lyon,"In my opinion, this is the true sequel to Fallout 2. If you are a fan of the original Fallout, and of course the orginal Wasteland, this game is exactly what you are looking for."
76561198058508944,Recommended,240760,27411254,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hastyninja,Fans of the original Fallout games should play this!
76561197993132300,Recommended,240760,27402333,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Resting_Beardface,"Such an epic RPG adventure, it's a must have.  Great value, even if it's not on sale!"
,Recommended,240760,12244883,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Density_Incarnate,Created squadWalked to Radio TowerGot noscoped by a raider in a random encounter10/10 will get rekt again
,Recommended,240760,13745406,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Can of Pickles,"Short review:Pros:Great RPG feel.Good Lore.Enjoyed making characters.Cons:Repetitive MissionsCombatCombatCombatThe combat is basically:I didnt train in pistol skill therefore I cannot hit the guy standing two fet from me with this pistol.In the end buy this game on sale for the lore and nice feel. The potential here is very wasted, but hey get it to try it,"
,Recommended,240760,13747416,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Oni Sama,I love this game! Finally an old school quality game!
,Recommended,240760,13756458,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,WT Wilson,"Dug a Grave, and a homeless man Blew my brains out.10/10"
,Recommended,240760,31728453,Posted: 13 May,all,billybobturwiligger,"great game, I highly recommend it. however i do not recommend allowing it to install the stupid razer sound driver, it continuously set itself as the default sound device for my pc which resulted in loss of sound even in the game until i went into my sound options and changed the default device back to the physical speakers. and it did this every damn time i restarted the computer or changeded to another input on my hdmi switch"
76561198018810717,Recommended,240760,12500331,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,dietricht9890,"Will Never Get Old,this and all the Fallout Games & Wastland 1 are the best Tactical RPGs on Steam!I will be playing these for as long as computers still exist!"
,Recommended,240760,30673598,Posted: 22 March,all,Pat Dabney (Chopped & Screwed),If you like RPGs this one is worth your time.
76561198154786600,Recommended,240760,30583370,Posted: 17 March,all,Atia.Of.Julii,"After 113 hours played, I can say with confidence and enthusiasm  - excellent game!"
76561197973609709,Recommended,240760,30476396,Posted: 12 March,all,Wicked Slammy,Amazing game!! Very in depth story !
76561197998712268,Recommended,240760,30109207,Posted: 22 February,all,Acidalias,"Update:{10/10}Multiple squad formats work very well togeather, making the game enjoyable on harder settings and very replayable.Smash and grab squad; tanks with shotgunsTactical squads; special ops specalized units works very well higher difficulty.old school; tanks in power armor with rebar clubs.medic class is solid; good pistol defense or LMG for kicks.Classic feel with plenty of modern mechanics and graphics."
,Recommended,240760,13724587,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,OneCreed,Yessss Brah!!
76561197990683884,Recommended,240760,12506799,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Arsenicknife,TAKAYUKI ♥♥♥♥ YEAH
76561198051894101,Recommended,240760,11878811,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,nighitkillerx,I enjoyed the games but there are a plethera of glitches and lazy designing drawbacks.(using the same picture for like 20 NPCs) its gets a little old talking to a difffernt NPC but the same exact picture
76561198074264915,Recommended,240760,12507778,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,][sentrop|[,"Overall, Wasteland 2 is a game defined by its deep storytelling, difficult decision making and engaging problem solving. I am having a great time with this title and am completely invested in the characters I have created and the story I am uncovering. The clunky menus are a small blemish on what is a remarkable game, and while I am still getting used to the combat style, the depth it offers is truly amazing. Wasteland 2 is an incredible achievement for a crowd funded title and has earned 9.5 out of 10 from me.GAMEPLAYWasteland 2 impressed me from the starting screen, with its deep character customisation, allowing players to build their four person team from the ground up. Being able to make your team look how you want, fight how you want, talk how you want and be as technically trained as you want, is an amazing feat and makes the player instantly more attached to the characters that they have created.All of the standard RPG experience gaining, levelling up, looting and questing are here in Wasteland 2, and all feel realistic and tie in well with the main storyline. My only minor gripe with the character development and management is that some of the menus are a tad clunky, but with the correct use of hotkeys, the time spent navigating the menus can be minimised.Problem solving and story unravelling in Wasteland 2, is a return to old school gaming styles and is perfectly delivered. Players can choose specific discussion points in conversations that reveal interesting background information and new missions, but can also completely avoid them if they wish. Skills like smart♥♥♥♥♥♥and hard♥♥♥♥♥♥offer another layer of conversation options for players, and keep things fresh in the more slow paced conversation sections.Wasteland 2 also offers a less, ""hand-holdy"" approach to problem solving, with the player required to truly understand and think about what they do, before they do it. Unlocking a safe found when questing is not as easy a clicking on it and moving on. Players must assess the type of lock, whether the safe is alarmed or trapped, and their likelihood of overcoming its specific challenges before they choose to give it a crack.COMBATThis less, ""hand-holdy"" approach carries through into the combat of Wasteland 2. Combat is turn based and strategic in nature, with players required to know the strengths and weaknesses of each party member, to win combat. A standard battle involves the player manoeuvring their team into various forms of cover to give them the best probability to hit their enemies while not leaving them open to attack. Consequences of combat make battles extremely exciting, with players really having to plan their assaults or risk the death of one of their characters.VISUALS & MUSICThe visuals of Wasteland 2 are great, and complement the old school style well, while paying homage to the original Wasteland. The top down view with a rotatable camera is a kick back to the original Fallout series and plays in well with the strategic combat. The music and sounds fit perfectly with Wasteland 2 and every radio transmission and voice acted conversation are a pleasure to listen to.For my full review and heaps of other delicious content seeGlitch"
,Recommended,240760,12362998,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Lloyd Clive,"A fun, faithful sequel to wasteland that gave the kickstarter backers what they asked for. BUT BEWARE this game is bugged out the♥♥♥♥♥ wait for a couple of patches before you purchase."
76561198042311729,Recommended,240760,12800038,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,HONK,If you like games like Fallout 2 you are on the right track. This game is a tbs RPG in a wasteland envyronment. Has a good story so far (i didnt finish it yet).  Has a good ammount of choices with real consequences. The only bad thing  is that the way that atributes and skills relate is weak and unbalanced. Inteligence is so unbalanced that it will surpass all the other attributes bonuses later on in the game. you will have so many skill points that it will be 1000 times better to have inteligence over all other skills.
76561198065937188,Recommended,240760,12736154,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,daLiquidBoss,"Fun game, open world play, smart turn based tactics. More to be desired in character customization. Very repeadative with additional play throughs."
,Recommended,240760,12738426,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,coriolinus,"Do you remember playing Fallout 2? Fallout, the original? Possibly even Wasteland 1?This game is a true successor to those standouts, and it's everything Fallout 3 should have been. For fans of old-school CRPGs, this is Christmas come early. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,240760,12757693,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Zealot,"What an amazing journey it's been, exploring the world of Wasteland 2. I bought into early access for the game due to how promising it looked during the kickstarter fundraising, and I was not disappointed when the game delivered on nearly every point it set out to do. You throw in a bit of imagination throughout the game, and you're immersed in a world that feels incredibly reactive to the player, and completely welcoming of choice.The characters I made were each custom tailored to their respective roles, given custom portraits, backstories, and eventually came to have little moments which had me growing rather attached to them. Firefights took a twist when I pictured battles in more gruesome detail than was shown ingame, and really helped make my characters that much more exciting to play with. The combat mechanics are fairly well polished and offer a satisfying turn based combat system with different aspects which you can use to influence how a battle goes, and there's a multitude of systems that are incorporated into it. The world design was well enough that I knew what was going on, but also simple enough that through reading the flavour text descriptions of everything around me - it came alive.Everything I did in the game seemed like it had alternatives that would be just as if not more successful than my choices, and world navigation whether through conversation or skill usage was so damn versatile I was consistently impressed. Break a lock when trying to pick it? It's a good thing you've got a mechanic on your team to fix that for a second attempt. Break it again? Try brute force on your bruiser and see if they can smash it open. Fail a third time? Looks like those sticks of dynamite you were carting around will come in handy all of a sudden - let's hope the loot is worth a valuable commodity! Have you been speaking with an NPC and find a particular speech check has come up? It's a good thing you've got a party member who just so happens to have a way to influence them in a special way. Are you lacking in that aspect, or not proficient enough in the one you need? You've got plenty of other ways to go about finding your way through the world, it just might take a bit of searching. A good deal of challenge was offered at varying intervals throughout the game, and it felt quite fair on normal difficulty - save for a couple fights which really ramped up the difficulty suddenly. A well rounded team and proper use of what is at your disposal will allow for you to pull through however, and you'll feel good in the end.Sound design felt like it had some nice character to it, and the soundtrack to the game ended up being stuck in my head for days when I wasn't playing, making me wish I was back with my Rangers and roaming the wastes. Graphically, well, this was probably where the game lacks the most in its current state - and likely to be a good candidate for improvement. While I appreciate the fact things were kept a bit more on the simplistic side so that my imagination could take over, there were times where certain areas looked a little cheap and hokey, effectively breaking immersion. More options for character customization would always be a plus too.All in all, I spent over 70 hours for a single playthrough of this game, and I enjoyed every second of it. Coming from somebody who's about as jaded as they come with modern video games, this is an impressive feat and I give my praise to the team for doing such an amazing job. This has to be one of the best cRPG titles I've played in a long time, and one which I've been highly recommending to friends. Can't wait to see what's in store for us next, whether with updates or DLC for this game, or a third game some time down the road!"
,Recommended,240760,12766376,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dr. Kobra,"It'll make you feel... like a Fallout virgin, irradiated for the very first time.It's not perfect, and it can get frustrating at times, but it's got all the right vibes - and a ridiculously overwhelming amount of content."
76561198036728376,Recommended,240760,12832345,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Cloud,"Great reboot. Wasteland 2 came with the original, so if you don't know the difference and how well WL2 pays homage to the first, then you're in luck.They are still currently patching and updating the game at a regular pace. This updating is nice, it shows the Devs are still working on making the game as epic as they can."
76561197997301797,Recommended,240760,12786064,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Weaponer,"This is the closest thing to Fallout 1 and 2 you can get today. On the pro side it has that perfect signature blend of dry Fallout-grade humor, atmospheric locations and a healthy pinch of postapocalyptic madness. Some NPCs and factions are just awesome (MAD monks surely the best), your own team sometimes makes epic remarks about locations you are on, and the thousands of small details scattered around make it a living, breathing world. Another hallmark feature of Fallout, its famed non-linearity, is implemented in nearly every single quest here, though as a Ranger you don't get a chance to become a really bad guy. Your actions really matter, and your inaction matters too, sometimes. And if you read lots of bad press concerning its flawed, bug-ridden state during the release, fear no more: there are a few minor bugs left for sure, but none of them will ruin your play, the developers did a great job of patching the game.But there's a contra side. Combat sucks. It sucks like hell. In 2014 one would expect at least some degree of tactical thinking on the side of AI enemies. Come on, guys, Jagged Alliance - even the first one! - did a better job of maneuvering twenty years ago. And even a scripted ambush is better than no ambush. Mowing down rushing mobs gets old as soon as you develop some reasonable firepower and deal with initial ammo shortages, i.e. on your second day.And there's the balance problem at last. At some point in the game you simply stop getting better firepower and armor because there are no bigger enemies to kill. I realize that this issue was caused by the need to let everyone finish the story, but there are many reasonable ways to solve this particular problem, starting with adaptable level of enemies. Instead the game chooses to punish meticulous players - basically its core audience - with arrested development and infinite boredom during its last chapters.In the end I believe this game deserves to be played and enjoyed once. Just once, though. These days you don't get anything better anyway."
76561198013477836,Recommended,240760,12750096,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Nix,"If you loved the classic Fallout 1 and 2, you'll thoroughly enjoy this game. The post-apocalyptic setting was masterfully executed - not too recently ruined, just enough that civilisation is attempting to rise from the ravages of a bygone age. The characters you meet are colourfull and interesting enough to entertain but still maintain that seriousness that forged survivors need to continue living.Combat is satisfying, its simple and straightforward. It does encourages specialisation, but with a party of 4-6 rangers, you can cover for each character's weaknesses. There's also the custom character option which is nicely implimented, with option to choose from a set of pre-made kooky characters to wander the wastes. The skill system is gratifying - you'll get that wide grin when you realise that one skill that you first thought off as useless, (Toaster Repair... Seriously?!?!) suddenly has relevance when you encounter it.Only downside to such a good game is the length. Its a solid 10 hours if you like to explore and immerse yourself on the story, possibly less than double that amount if you explore all the nools and cranies of the game. But ultimately, it leaves you wanting more - In a good way mind you. Wild West post-apocalyptic Rangers never sounded so cool, untill now."
76561198032221650,Recommended,240760,12793519,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,amfalleur,"This game is a flawed masterpiece.  The first two-thirds of the game are excellent, ranking up there with the original Baldur's Gate and the Icewind Dale games.  For me the threads started to unravel quickly during the last third of the game.  Numerous quests such as stopping an underground slave trade are introduced and then dropped without a clear resolution.    Playing the game through twice, I still can't tell if these latter quests are broken or if I simply screwed them up; there is no clear feedback from the game's denizens, which is different from the first half of the game where everyone is saying ""Yea!  You're my hero!"" or ""F$%k you!  Our lives are ruined now!""  If you've played Vampire: the Masquerade - Bloodlines or Neverwinter Nights 2 or Knights of the Old Republic II, you've seen these kinds of problems before.  Content seems to be cut in order to meet a release date, and the overall quality of the game suffers for it.On the plus side, the combat is excellent and the skill system is the best one I've seen since Deus Ex.  I think this skill system should become a standard for any game developer that wants to balance combat with stealth and diplomacy.  The game is also not short; I would estimate it takes 40 to 50 hours to play through every significant section.In conclusion, this is not as good as Dragon Age: Origins or Baldur's Gate II, still the gold standard by any measure, but it measures up pretty well to some of Obsidian's early games such as Knights of the Old Republic II and Neverwinter Nights II.  Flawed but fun."
76561198074933227,Recommended,240760,12470825,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,WildWolf#41987,Really a wonderful game.
76561198028627387,Recommended,240760,10648631,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tarn Lochaber,"Looks good, plays well, game has potential.Yet there are soooo many areas that are way too dark and the lack of area map is a bit annoying"
,Recommended,240760,10649012,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Validuz,+ Feels alot like older Fallout games. (ALOT.)+ Great RPG-Combat.+ Intresting world.+ Intresting conversation system. (You can actually type clues or names that the npc says in order to acess more convo options.- Few weapons.- Very repetative open world combat.- Little to no branching in terms of conversations.- Several skills with no usage.- Unfinished- Unfinished- Unfinished- Unfinished- Unfinished- Unfinished- Unfinished- Unfinished- Unfinished- Unfinished- UnfinishedUGH. I cant believe its unfished. Great game. But... Super short due to beta content. It feels like a very long (but great.) demo.
76561198080179347,Recommended,240760,21572051,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,KJeffreyW,Amaing Theme?-checkGood Story?-CheckFun and challenging gameplay?-Check
76561197970703564,Recommended,240760,20782950,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,nelsondr,One of the best games I've played in a long time.
76561198043709507,Recommended,240760,20614717,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Soviet Polska?,Would you believe me when I said i hadn't completed the first mission?
76561198030767419,Recommended,240760,27874179,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ezentrick,iz reel gud
,Recommended,240760,14336496,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Zydniedzia,Had sex with multiple women and acquired multiple STDs10/10 would do again.
,Recommended,240760,19808559,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Josefius,"A lot like the original, but better."
76561198008846995,Recommended,240760,12282977,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,totalhypocrite,"The game plays alot like the first two fallout games (+ Tactics ) more useful skills than you could reasonably take between 4 custom starting characters . But that isn’t a bad thing since it alters the tactics or approach to situations as some skills double up such as high health reducing damage from traps or using brute force on a door instead of lockpicking, but do not in other circumstances such as opening chests or forcing shut a door. The combat however seems closer to Shadowrun however with multiple weapon choices affecting the flow of combat in the space of decking or magic, additionally cover and floor space on occasion completely change the games normal tactics (unlike Deathclaws honey badgers go for the balls!).In regards to plot what makes the game interesting is there is no clear good or evil option (ok you can be act the♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill randoms but all that does is lose you followers) instead you chose where to go and who to save affecting the storyline but more importantly areas to explore and the loot you gain for it  :D"
,Recommended,240760,11693672,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Potato McGruff,"If Divinity and Fallout had a baby, this would be it's beautiful offspring."
,Recommended,240760,12641137,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,egeCyril,11/10. Best game since Baldurs Gate 2 (/Throne of Bhaal).
76561198135254724,Recommended,240760,12809142,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,MrPink,Overall amazing game!  Instant classic in the turn-based strategy RPG genre.  10/10
,Recommended,240760,12633787,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Aggnavarius,Perfect mix of old school strategic RPG combat and exploration. This makes me look forward to the Torment spiritual successor.
76561198089122611,Recommended,240760,12677867,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,abdulhadi-k,goooood game
76561197973149240,Recommended,240760,12675328,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ZipTon,"Fun game, still needs a few fixes, but it is fun for sure :)"
76561197995334030,Recommended,240760,12705025,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,jasoniinuma,Great game but the second half is glitchy as hell. I keep getting the spinning wheel of death on my new mac
76561198089779389,Recommended,240760,12699397,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Xarodus,I used the Toaster Repair skill on a toaster and got some toast.10/10
76561198031537995,Recommended,240760,12601374,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Scotty Doesn't Know.,Great game! One of the best Turnbased  strat games ive pplayed
76561198031592724,Recommended,240760,15286830,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Fatbill,"Best game I have played in years.This game brings back fond memories of games like JA2 and Fallout 1/2.Great game, good story, few bugs, solid mechanics and at a very reasonable price of ~$20.What is not to like?"
,Recommended,240760,13190176,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Fart,"2 hours in after 1 hour of character creation i was confused, lost, high, and frustrated. now i'm addicted"
,Recommended,240760,12217876,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Marty McFlash,"Easily one of my favorite games of 2014.  It's a must play for fans of turn based Western RPGs.Pros:Fun turn based combat that's not overly tactical or complicated.Option to use custom portraits for your created characters.Interesting world and side stories.Some choices make a big impact on the game.Character building. There are no preset classes, your character is totally what you make them.  (although I should add that the game system really rewards min/maxing characters, so that could be a pro or con to you depending on your attitude towards that kind of thing)Cons:There can be a lot of running back and forth over area maps. The Rail Nomads quests in particular I found to be really tedious, as you have to make several roundtrips over a distance with no fast travel.Still an occasional bug here and there.3D Character models are really poor.  When viewed close up, like during character creation, it's like stepping back in time 10 years.  Not a major issue for a game like this though.The level up system requires you to make a radio call back to HQ every time someone levels up. At first it was kind of neat, and added a little flavor to the game.  It gets tedious later, because your characters level up at different rates. You might have 1 or 2 guys level up, make the radio call, skip through the dialogs, distribute skill points etc. Then a minute afterward, someone else levels up so you have to go through the radio call again.As you can see, my cons are all minor things or nit-picking. It's a good game, and worth your money even at the full price.  Definitely an Early Access gamble that paid off."
76561198036865014,Recommended,240760,34198654,Posted: 12 August,all,Bob,"Brilliant game. First Top down crpg I've ever played. My brother recommended it to me and I thought it looked plop. Well how wrong I was. It's tactical, turn-based, cynical, funny, and a hell of a blast to play. Don't fret my child, buy this and thou shalt be with the creator."
76561198012374319,Recommended,240760,35121487,Posted: 21 September,all,Le Cid,"This game did not hold my attention and interest long enough for me to finish the main story, but I still had a good time playing it. It's good old turn-based strategy/RPG."
76561198051762294,Recommended,240760,32011753,Posted: 27 May,all,Baron Matticus Von Godslobber,"This is a negative review.I love this game, but I cannot finish it, which frustrates me beyond my ability to communicate.  On a grand scale it is wondrous and works incredibly well, but on a level-by level . . . level, it fails.  In other words, the writing and gameplay is magnificent overall, but something about the game mechanics and level design ends up delivering more frustration than fun.I've dumped a lot of time into it.  In my first play I chose to save the Ag Center and hated that whole story enough to stop and uninstall the game.  Then I decided to try again and save Highpool, instead.  That was much better, and I put a few dozen more hours into it, all predominantly enjoyable.  Now I've come to the canyon before Damonta and have found it to be a resurgence of the frustrations that caused me to uninstall the game in the first place: quest lines that break if you go the wrong way, quest objects that are inaccessible for no explanation, nonsensical NPC behavior due to the failure of the level designers to foresee all possible player actions within their overly complicated level designs, and the impossibility of actually role playing your characters because the options given to you don't make a darned lick of sense half the time.In any case, go ahead and play this game.  It's wonderful and frustrating.  If you can finish it, you are a more patient and dedicated gamer than I."
,Recommended,240760,32027859,Posted: 28 May,all,Madison Avenue,"I really enjoyed this title.  I played the first go on the non-director's cut and I hate it.  But I gave it another go and it was really fun.  I love taking turns and playing games that give me time to decide things and plan.  This game gives a nice feel to the shooting too.  When the bullets hit, the bad guys feel it.  To summarize, it's like Divinity: Original Sin but without the ground effects like water turning to steam.  It's much more stoic and wastelandy too.  It's a fun game and if you loved Divinity I think you'll definitely enjoy this game.  Props to the devs for realizing they made an almost product and then coming back to finish things rightly."
76561197988971697,Recommended,240760,12419419,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,onewhofound,"While it hurts to admit I am old enough to remember the Golden Age of anything, the ""LOAD *.*"" era was a good one for games, and if you are a fan of classic big-party PC RPGs from this period then this is the game for you.   Updated with modern graphics and great voice acting while maintaining the quirky writing and engaging tactical combat.   The character creation system is just complex enough to allow your party members to stand out from one another without being getting in the way.   My single gripe is on higher difficulty levels consumable items like heal pack and ammo can get scarce, forcing save scumming when you open chests to ensure you get items you need.Easily fixable with this excellent character editor:http://www.rpgcodex.net/forums/index.php?threads/wasteland-2-savegame-editor.94369/5/5 stars for grognards, 4/5 if you are a young whippnersnapper who doesn't appreciate the good ol' days."
,Recommended,240760,13725236,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Craven,This is the Fallout 3 we never got. 10/10
76561197987005273,Recommended,240760,12491650,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Rinstan,"Paid full price, and didnt feel riped off after the first 10 hours of gameplay.Xcom with a real story + meaningfull choices/consequences"
,Recommended,240760,19935931,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Robert J. Sullivan,Vulture's Cry why you gotta be so tsundere
76561197991622670,Recommended,240760,12313634,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,No,"Fallout 1 was one of my very first RPGs I have ever played and it caught me for weeks to play it. Same went for Fallout 2.And I absolutelly love how Wasteland 2 can ""return me to my childhood."" The feel of old RPG is asbolutelly there and I feel like a 11y old playing Fallout back in those 90'. No more ""Follow the arrow to solve the quest/win the game"" but actuall game where you read what NPC says and move from there. Even to get more out of the world by following advices and hints from the NPCs and object in this wasteland world.Be sure to pick this up if you loved old Fallouts."
,Recommended,240760,13856581,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Peace Frog,"Played long hours, finished missions, got lots of upgrades, found nuke, pressed button......old school gaming at its best..9/10"
76561198030355148,Recommended,240760,13289456,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,kolsto,"I keep it short.A good game, but could have been done better. I dont regret buying it, i like a game where i can drink my coffe and play in the speed of my choise.There is a couple of things i would love the developers to fix. Like when the battle starts, my squad is placed in front of eachother in a random way. Also i would like to have more clues for what to do during tasks and missions.Since i am not a telepath, it is somewhat difficult to know what i am supposed to do, this makes it impossible to complete many tasks.Random encounters: Well random encounters should also mean a random number of attackers, and also in different locations. Not the same locations again and again- with exactly the same attackers-...  Looting of deads- Please explain to me why is it so when i have killed some enemies, i can only find junk on them? They clearly shoot at me with good/usuable weapons, but when i loot them, they have tennisballs and teddybears. And no guns, or broken gunparts. I am maybe mistaken here, but noone threw tennisballs at me or fluffy pink teddybears. So Where the ♥♥♥♥♥ are the weapons the attackers used?FIX THIS FRUSTRATING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ DETAIL ASAP.And why is it so all the safes and crates that are locked and protected by alarms, they only have junk inside? Atleast they should have ammo, weapon or sexy weapon parts. Things of some kind of value. Come on??!!And when i have disarmed a landmine or 50, why cant i take this landmine, or atleast the explosives? I belive the bombmaker would be just as interested i such pieces as pigeonpoo?! Right??All in all, yes i recommend the game. Yes i like it, yes i hope the developers fix the things i mentioned here."
,Recommended,240760,15112537,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Prussia1991,God i love this game it just comes together in sutch a way that for me is Abso♥♥♥♥inglutley amazeing! so if you like turn based combat in your rpgs and post apocalyptica then do yer self a faver and pick it up. but allways remember to STAND AND DELEVER MUTHER♥♥♥♥ERS!!!!
76561198030844158,Recommended,240760,12228779,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,dsquatch,"If you liked Wasteland 1, you will love Wasteland 2 -- it is a must own!"
,Recommended,240760,10695448,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JuJitsuGiraffe,"Name the members of your squad after your friends, then watch them die a horrible death."
76561198015933614,Recommended,240760,10743592,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Biggus,Addictive blend between Fallout and X-COM. Get it while its hot!
76561197966936319,Recommended,240760,10770180,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Strykers,Old school RPG but done really well
,Recommended,240760,11220815,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Luceos,"Isometric game that takes a lot from games like fallout. Squad based RPG story that sets you in a post-apocalyptic environment. Story is interesting, gameplay is well thought out and characters provide good atmosphere."
76561198091682078,Recommended,240760,10717392,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HalfManHalfPotatoe,"Killed every civilian on my first mission, when HQ called about the mass shootings I blamed it on a mutation. I then got a promotion.11/10"
76561197971785071,Recommended,240760,10696276,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Einhander,If you enjoyed the original Fallout games than this is a must play.
76561198007274580,Recommended,240760,10761609,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Shadow99Dragon,A must game for anyone how is a fan of the Fallout games. Wastlands pre dates the Fallout games but this is a perfect return of  the godfather of all post-apocalyptic games.  All thou still in alpha build format the walth of content in this alpha mode is excerlent and I'm looking forwerd to the full relece of this game.Simpley put a must buy!!
,Recommended,240760,10763281,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ender.iamathird,One of the most anticipated games for year.... and it incredibly lives up to the expectations. Even while still in beta.
,Recommended,240760,10705678,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Azza066,Love this game! it is still in beta but the agme is solid and is very enjoyable to play
,Recommended,240760,10740568,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Han Shootz 1st,"Having a ton of fun with this game, I am such a sucker for tactical RPGS."
76561198003340414,Recommended,240760,10778523,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,admica,"This is what I originally wanted Fallout to be!!! Typical quirks of a work in progress but coming along very very nicely. As a Wasteland 1, Fallout, and Fountain of Dreams veteran I may be a little biased, but I think the turn based combat system and customization is already miles ahead of XCOM."
,Recommended,240760,20237472,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The Mustard Tiger,"If you like classic fallout, or CRPGs in general, you'll love this game.100's of hours of amazing gameplay, great humour, and freedom.Easily in my top 5 favorite games ever."
76561197979809307,Recommended,240760,20177118,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,agent_boinker,I haven't played a game this good since KOTOR... A must have for anyone who enjoys that play style. Good job guys!
,Recommended,240760,20195073,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dragonhead Gaming,Really enjoyed playing this game. Almost got me as involved as the original which hooked me on post apocalyptic RPG's for life. Loved the Director's Cut update.
76561198008601360,Not Recommended,240760,10173895,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Solosite,"I bought this game expecting a very open ended game.  Something along the lines of the first one.  From what I have seen this is far more linear which not alot of what made the first game great.  On top of that they are moving developer to other games saying ""Their work is done""  From what I have seen this game needs alot more love before any developers are taken off of it."
76561198102896204,Not Recommended,240760,8404780,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,rwreeves57,"Nooooo!!! I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!  Apparently the price will drop by 50% when its out of beta and finished.  The fool that I am bought into this early access nonsense thinking the price would be the same at least.  I did not realize I was buying a 25 dollar final product for 59 when it was not even finished.Wow, I'll never do this again! Live and learn.There are much better values in the early access than this one however!"
,Not Recommended,240760,12171353,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Evilgood1,"Poor  Graphics, unresponsive mouse controls, lack of basic tutorial and tedious fiddling with items. Yes they are trying to be ""realisctic"" but the tendious need to constantly sort through group inventory to make sure that the right person has the right bullets and items etc distracts from the gameplay. Especially after a fight you are constantly having to resort the loot so that each member gets the right items. Further the lack of an auto recover at the end of a battle makes you scramble to try and get medical kits all the whilst the slow unresponsive controls are slowing you down as your team members are dying on a real time basis rather than the default used in many games of auto healing to 1 hp"
76561198052687883,Not Recommended,240760,8244515,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,armagrin,"Not worth your time unless you like beta testing.  Its very, very crude atm and not worth 60 bucks as a stand alone game."
,Not Recommended,240760,12177987,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,system32.dll,"Infinitely disappointed. This game is so old-school that relying on reloading saves is an integrated mechanic. You'll spend most of your time triggering the same encounters from the ""open world"" map - wasting your ammo killing the same ten enemies, while also wasting your medpacks keeping your under-whelmingly fragile squad alive. The game looks and feels like it hasn't hasn't learned anything from the 25 years since the first Wasteland came out, which is impressive - and apparently everything the fans want.I'll wait till someone does to Fallout what Firaxis did to XCOM - make a succesor worthy of the original.If you're planning on getting this - wait till there's a sale. It is not worth the full price - especially not compared to all the amazing games you can get for half the prize of this turd."
,Not Recommended,240760,14846566,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Winking Wizard,"Oh great, seriouslySooooooo I just marched into Canyon of Titan and Angela pulled out.You know what's so phuc-ed up about this? She's a babysitter I expected to leave 2 hours into the game, not 30, not when I already specialized my whole team, not when it was ♥♥♥♥ing half way through the whole game.And you know what's better? The game gives you 2 trillion non-combat NPC companions, plus like three combat oriented ones, two of them can actually shoot, and one of them has 70% rogue chance, the other one being Angela.And you know what tops them all? An option to respec my characters. Not.SO for the rest of the game I can either try those 10 luck 1 awareness companions, or start a new save, or you know what, phuc this and phuc the dev and go play some actual RPGs like PoE or Divinity.Peace out."
,Recommended,240760,8409228,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Met3o,"This game is incredible. If you ever played Fallout 1, Fallout 2 or Fallout Tactics, this game is for you. It is the game everyone has been waiting so many years for."
76561197997356401,Not Recommended,240760,13170407,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ian The Scourge,"Wow....What a dissapointment. :(Another Kickstarter flop.I absolutely love fallout 1 and 2, and when I first watched the Kickstarter trailer for this game I was seriously foaming at the mouth. Another top-down isometric, post-apocolyptic RPG made by some of the same people that gave birth to the Fallout series? I was so hopeful...Unfortunately this game is really...how should i put this...crappy. Yep. Thats the word. Absolutely riddled with frustrating and sometimes game-stopping bugs, It is painfully obvious that this game was rushed to market without the proper testing that any halfway decent game should have. But there is one thing that was even worse than the bugs, and that is the absolutely GOD AWFUL game camera.Instead of using a locked perspective like in the original Fallout games, they opted for a 360 degree fully-rotatable camera. What could be wrong with that? EVERYTHING. If you walk around a corner you dissapear, and you cannot click on or move your characters without first rotating the camera untill you can (sort of) see where you are going. This gets unbelievably frustrating, especially when indoors or near tall objects (which is basically all the time) and there is nothing you can do about it. Period. It is just a poor design.I might even have been able to look past the terrible camera if there were some nice graphics to look at. Sadly there are none to be found. Textures and models are simple and flat, the UI is ugly, feels cheap, and didn't scale properly to my screen resolution.Wasteland 2. Poor design, poor graphics, poor execution. Don't buy it!"
,Recommended,240760,23003122,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Neks,it would be sad if someone pass this game because it's not graphicaly pretty. It has wery strong atmosphere with its awesome setting and tons of content.
76561197968653758,Not Recommended,240760,12813119,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,[BitcH]BeaN[KGB],All in all a missed oportunity. In beginn of the game o lot is hinted and promised like real counting dicission making and a tight and awsome storyline but the farther one gets into the game this promise isnt realised.Sadly the game is a mere  mediocre one and maybe worth a ratingscore of  5 out of 10 points .
76561198040677743,Recommended,240760,8050728,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mad Nomad,I LOVED XCOM THIS HAS THE SAME COMBAT STYLE IN A RPG WHATS NOT TO LOVE
,Not Recommended,240760,13078724,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,farmboy1536,"I would say don't buy this with some qualifiers.  IF you loved Wasteland 1, do not realy care about a ""real"" squad tactics game, or just want to kill some time, then by all means, purchase.  I did get some enjoyment from this game, and while the gameplay was linear, I expected it to be due to the emphasis on the story, and following that story.  Approach it like a book you get to play instead of read and many of the complaints reviewers express are put to rest.HOWEVER, if you wanted X-Com, JA, FOT, then this game is a weak sister by comparison.  Almost all my combat was to make a skirmish line just outside the enemy's engagement range, shoot a bad guy/thing/animal, then wait for all them to run at me one at a time to get shot up.  Stab the few melee jerks who get through (because the ranges of firearms is pitiful) and then loot. Almost no tactical skill needed.  Just draw them in, shoot them up, rinse and repeat.And they get GUNS WRONG!!  Augh!  I have so much hate for lazy guns when you have a combat game.  M-14's take 7.62x51 (I would have been ok with .308, but I digress).  M1 Garands take .30-06.  I am sure that for simplicitys sake they assigned weapons by class, and assigned one ammo type per class (of course, classing a full size rifle like the 14, Garand, G3/HK 91, or the FAL as an ""assault"" rife is an insult anyway).  Granted, in game some pistols/smg's took 9mm, but some took .38......  .38? WTF! Name one smg that was ever chambered for .38.  I know of one, ONE, auto-loading pistol that ever took .38 (special) and that is the Coonan.  Granted there is the .38 Super round that is an auto rim design, but let's face it, they were talking .38 Special in this game.  I could go on, but I'll quit here......  LAZY!The story was fine, but the decision process was very scripted.  There was little choice other than to go from A-B-C.  I am not really complaining about that, like I said, it is like you are reading a book, only playing it.  I could have handled a bit more of the ""find your own adventure"" style though.  It was nice to see what happened to the ""original gang"" from WL1.This game was like that ""Sir Robin"" from Monty Python's Holy Grail.  It was a story of almost.  They almost made a tactical game like JA, FOT, X-COm.  They almost made a FO 1-2 RPG, they almost made the post apocolyptic game I was expecting as a follow up for WL1.  What we got was WL1 (basically a text game) with animations for combat and you could see the whole party at once instead of a single character, with 3D instead of 2D.It is like wanting to eat Italian, but going to Olive Garden instead."
76561198014816003,Not Recommended,240760,23563498,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,StratRebel,"Did not expect to like this game based on reviews from friends, but the game was great.  My only complaint is with Steam.  Over 100 games, never a problem until now.  The demo/deal weekend somehow did not work as planned, and based on other reviews seems like I am not the only one with the same issue.If the Devs actually read these reviews, you might want to put the game back on sale and fix the already in your library issue, because I bet if you do it soon you will have quite a few more sales."
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,240760,13902987,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Nathaniel Prime,"How could a game with this much effort and thought and love put into it still kind of suck? I've been eagerly watching the development of this game for quite a while now. Upon finally playing it, I am sad to report that it is far inferior to any of the recent (or classic) Fallout games. Just like Wasteland 1. They can't quite seem to hit on a winning formula.You command a squad of desert rangers as they try to stop Very Bad Things from happening, mostly by killing all kinds of things in turn-based combat. Your rangers have absolutely no personality, and are combat units with a portrait. You can recruit other wastelanders to you cause, and they do have personalities, but for some reason the developers made the recruitable characters absolutely awful in terms of statistics. Managing your team of fighters is a chore instead of a joy. The interface is awkward and clunky, with strangely reversed controls. Typically, left click is ""go there"" and right click is ""use/take/kill that"", but this is reversed in Wasteland 2 with no option to change it.It all comes down to a statistical analysis of the utility of various statistics and skills, with a larger dose of probability-based gameplay. It reminds me of business school, and is just about as fun. I literally had to make an Excel spreadsheet to keep track of who was going to learn which skills. The developers of Wasteland may have been groundbreaking and inspired the Fallout series... but they've pretty clearly shown why Fallout was a cult classic and Wasteland was quickly forgotten."
,Recommended,240760,8144656,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Jackie,"I think this is a great start, don't forget it's just a BETA version.But i really like it so far, i can't wait for the game to be finished!"
76561197994369287,Recommended,240760,12166295,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Faust,"Несмотря на то, что чисто с визуальной точки зрения игра выглядит как минимум неказисто, с геймплейной точки зрения это именно Wasteland. Не путайте - Wasteland а не Фаллаут. Я не являюсь фанатом оригинального Вейстланда, так как познакомился с ним лет 5 назад, и не прошел в плане сюжета слишком далеко. Но с точки зрения игрового мира, персонажей, геймплея игра является именно Wasteland 1 исправленной и дополненной. В мире прошло 15 лет, но по прежнему без труда можно узнать старые достопримечательности и персонажей, выживших в первой части. На данный момент всё устраивает и с багами о которых многие пишут знаю только понаслышке, ибо не встречался ни с одним. Проект не провалился и могу только порадоваться, что игры подобные Wasteland 2 или Divinity не убитые в угоду консолям стали опять появляться на свет. Жанр классических RPG не умер, а всего лишь лёг немного вздремнуть и теперь снова пора просыпаться"
76561197970999635,Not Recommended,240760,14421543,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Vilmir,"Un RPG old school, miam à première vue.Bon c'est pas beau, normal l'argent est parti dans le système de jeu.Bon le scénario est aussi original que dans un bouquin d'Arlequin, allez on va dire que c'est pour se focus sur le RP!Bon le système de jeu est aussi original et varié qu'un Jagged Alliance, là je suis désolé je ne trouve plus d'excuses.En gros, le jeu est moche, la direction artistique nous dégueule des couleurs dans des tons trop proches, l'univers est laid et ultra classique.En gros, la partie RPG parait très dévelopée, wahou tant de compétences non reliées au combat! Du choix!En fait non pas vraiment de choix, vous allez être fortement incités à prendre toutes les compétences réparties sur vos persos. Où est l'intérêt de faire des compétences si variées si au final on les monte toutes à 4/5 car tous les 2 mètres un coffre/mur/meuble va vous demander d'utiliser chacune des différentes skills de ""crochetage"". Le résultat ne représente aucun intérêt.Parlons-en du choix, en effet il y en a quelques uns à faire, mais franchement rien de transcendental. Le jeu reste assez linéaire, du moins sur les 15 premières heures de jeu, je n'ai pas tenu plus.Reste le gameplay, sans ""skill"" ni magie c'est très plat et vous allez jouer sur le positionnement principalement. Le rithme est lent, je me suis vite ennuyé. Ajoutons que le jeu donne un % de chance de toucher avant de tirer, valeur totalement fumée sauf si 52% est égal à 30% dans les faits. Il m'a été très courant de voir 4 tirs de suite estimés à 54% loupés. De temps en temps OK, toutes les 2min c'est juste la preuve d'un moteur random totalement à la rue.Je ne comprends pas tout le trending autour de ce jeu, pour moi il est raté sur tous les plans."
,Recommended,240760,8052089,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Big Bang Blitz,"The best Beta for anything yet. A solid game that will only get better over time, and is inevitably going to become ""that game"" that you will be playing years from now."
,Recommended,240760,8144242,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[:-:],"It's like Fallout but without F, l, o, u, yet with lots of other letters."
76561198024567944,Recommended,240760,8581806,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Wormburner,"Awesome game if you like  RPG, Strategy! Feels new but plays old love it!"
76561198005645469,Recommended,240760,8038873,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Gidd,MAKES MY♥♥♥♥♥♥HARD
76561198004356879,Recommended,240760,29551763,Posted: 28 January,all,SpiX,Wasteland 2 is one of the better games I've played.The only downside is that it is a bit too short :(
,Recommended,240760,8086288,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Radioactive Lobster,"For anyone interested in this title, be forewarned. As of 17th December, this is still a -VERY- rough game. When they say it's in beta, they mean it. This isn't a quick release with beta slapped on it to cover up the bugs. It runs very poorly, currently runs a placeholder map and area's that are smaller and more linear and is also missing several skills (due to balance issues from what I read). The game itself shows promise, working with a modernized version of the classic character development/combat system we all grew to love in the original Wasteland. And in it's spiritual successors, the Fallout and Fallout 2 games, of course. If you want to show support to the devs, then by all means buy in. When the game is finally polished I think it's going to be a nice throwback to the classic open ended RPG games of our old Win '98 days. If you're looking for something more solid in construction though, I'd suggest you wait off buying Wasteland 2 right now. It's just not utilising a solid build right now. It's graphics may look simplistic, but even on the fastest settings I struggled with 20 fps and terrible mouse lag/jitterieness."
76561197990154744,Recommended,240760,13764159,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cougarific,"Freakin' finally.  Let's just admit it, 2014 was a crap year for games, especially on Steam.  Finally here's a game that has me thinking about it when I'm not playing and always anxious to get back to my PC.  Hard to put your finger on that magic *something* that makes this game stand out from the rest but IMHO, and with all due respect, the dumbing-down of PC games to appeal to the console set appeared to be an irreversible trend - until this game came out.Yes kids, in this game you have to *think* before you act.  The writing is mature without being dry, nothing is dumbed-down, nothing is overly streamlined.As everyone else has already said, if you enjoyed the early Fallout games and have been itching for something just that smart and immersive, look no further.It is absolutely the Best Game of the Year 2014.  Bravo Devs, and THANK YOU for making a game for adults in a year of games designed to appeal to the lowest common denominator."
76561198002259672,Recommended,240760,8060141,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Grinning Zero,"From starting the game and playing for a few hours I personally can say I like this game. This review is my opinion and all others are entitled to their opinion. Now then......The game itself is a continuation of the old wasteland classic and the original is considered the godfather of post-apocalyptic rpg games, that in itself is more or less true. A game to compare this to would be the original fallout games 1 and 2. Both of which were developed by Brian Fargo and his team, I considered them to be great games and more addicting than most of todays mediocre games. So far this game is in beta but from what I played it will hopefully continue to get better.-Combat is pretty simple. Ammo and weapons as well as armor and abilities all play major factors in this game. If a party member runs out of ammo they dont auto-reload, reloading is done manually. Melee is pretty self-explanatory, just close range and knock the enemy down. As far as combat goes it is wise to put experience towards what your characters are proficient in as it can help out a lot but variety works too.-The game world is just like the original fallouts and wasteland in which you move your party across a map to various locations while avoiding radiation hotspots and coming across random encounters. Water is important! Your party will need water to keep traveling otherwise they will die at some point.-Dialogue is interesting and if you can deal with reading text it brings a lot of backstory into the game about your mysterious enemy.-Sound effects and music are great. I found myself at one part cringing when a group of soldiers were panicking and screaming after they were attacked by an enemy with chainsaws.-Art and environment are beautiful, and naturally in my opinion graphics dont make a game and with the increasing technology and race for better graphics I find most games nowadays to just be pretty light shows anymore.-The price is steep for a beta yes, however.....this was done because of the amount of money some backers put up on kickstarter and in trying to not♥♥♥♥♥♥of those who already backed this game, that is why this game is $60. In my mind its understandable but a lot of other people would disagree.-The only game breaking bug Ive found is when loading a save that none of my characters will move or do anything at all but yet other npcs and whatnot still move around and music and everything still play just fine. Ive come across no other issues so far.Final Verdict: Overall Im enjoying this game alot. Im a fan of fallout 1 and 2 as well as the original wasteland. The price is steep but I can't include that in the final verdict. I found it comical the little prank played in the main menu about the dlc (there is no dlc by the way) which in itself was very clever since most companies now sell day 1 dlc. So without further ado aside from the game breaking bug I would say this game falls into about an 8/10 due to the bug and the fact this game is still in beta. Some might think this score is way too high but this is my opinion, for anyone interested in whether or not they'd like this game well they'll have to find that out themselves."
76561198040983058,Not Recommended,240760,13086910,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,chrsleemulkey,"I have pretty much all the same complaints that have been posted over and over. I finally just lost my composure after one of my team mates loses control, jams her weapon, and then runs into open to be hacked to pieces by raiders... That is horrible programming and makes no logical sense. Most untrained rookies would not make a mistake like that but the one who did it was a combat veteran of many years. Dont buy until is 70% off."
,Recommended,240760,8070463,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Sp▲ce Inv▲der,I'm sorry but how i can getTwo digital novellas set in The Wasteland world.Mark Morgan's Wasteland 2 original sound track in digital format.An incredible digital concept art book showcasing many of the world's characters and environments?
,Recommended,240760,9171269,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,CdrGrimReaper,"First off many people forget that they are buying the full version of the game, which isn't out right now 2/17/14 , and not just access to the beta version. The access to beta / ability to play the game early is a bonus. So those that say the game sucks becuase the beta sucks is just donw write wrong or its not there type of game, live and learn.For me this is a game I have been waiting for, for a very long time. The capabilities / options in the game at the moment are staggering and almost shock inducing to me.Graphics have never been a really big deal for me so I can't really same much on that end other than this game's graphics, currently 2/17/14, DON'T SUCK!!!Gameplay / combat is, to me; easy, well rounded, and fun. You have the ability to enter battle in any fasion you can pull off. Personally I like dragging enemies into a kill zone and wasting them.Story of the game I have gotten through is good and entertaining, for me. The only thing that bugs me is when an important story mechanic, the pod illness' cure, was not implemented completey in the game at the time I played (Before 1/13/2014)."
76561197988188863,Recommended,240760,9264128,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Sparky,"In beta right now,,,,,but if you liked Fallout   this game is Gooood!"
76561198005288135,Recommended,240760,9197942,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,p30pl3h4t3m3,"@Release: Fargo did it again perfectly, nothing more to say...@Beta Status: Will become a Masterpiece & worthy ""Kick♥♥♥♥♥quot; offshoot of ""Old School"" Tactical Turn Based Squad Combat & RPGs of the 90sYou love RPGs like Fallout 1+2 ? You love ""turn based combat"" like Jagged Alliance 2 ? You love a brutal & harsh game World to explore and interact ? Dark humor & funny allusions ?What are you waiting for ? Christmas ?Get it now!I can't wait for ""Full Version"" release... the odds are great for this game to become a legendary ""Top 100 of all Time"" ..."
76561197969448553,Not Recommended,240760,27755965,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tom Sawyer,"Good points for being the successor to one of the games I've always remembered loving.  Unfortunately the bad of being a simple, fairly uninteresting successor to the game I remembered wins out and this game can't get a thumbs up from me.  It's 2016, you gotta do better."
,Not Recommended,240760,16700727,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Saeheria,"This game is like Fallout 2 and Fallout: Tactics had a baby, only that baby got dropped on it's head a whole lot during development.This game is not billed correctly, it is a tactical shooter with rpg elements.  The ""choice"" seems limited to one major decision, and the skills leave you in fear of putting points down.  What if I need my lockpicking higher in the next room?  I'll wait and see.  This is how half my party ended up with massive skill point pools they were just holding onto.  The UI is clunky, in order to interact with an object the correct party member needs to be selected, the correct ability needs to be selected, and then you need to interact with the object.  If you screw up the order or misclick: BOOM.  A bomb usually goes off in your face.  I would have liked to have seen a system where you could just click on the object and have the appropraite skill used, since the way it is set up just promotes quick saving and loading; i have absolutley blown myself up just because I clicked the wrong thing.The characters themselves are pretty bland with few exceptions where the dialogue really got given some love, which is another reason I don't feel like this is a real rpg.  I've encountered characters who were named simply to give them names.  I have mixed feeling about this, on the one hand it's great for everyone in the world to be a unique person, but I would prefer to be able to interact with them.  This was made even stranger when I encountered other people who were just called ""Townie.""   It seems almost as though the game was rushed into the final stages of development in order to remove the early access title.In my opinion the game is not worth a buy at full price, I managed to get it on sale at 50%, and played 26 hours, so I don't feel like I was ripped off, I've payed 60$ for games that were worse and their total duration was a quarter of that.  If you can get it on sale and like a top down shooter, pick it up, but don't expect a diverse rpg world, just killing."
76561198016505455,Not Recommended,240760,17947421,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Solo,"THE ENDING TO THIS GAME SUCKED, MAKES ME WANT TO FIND THE DEVS OF THIS POS AND PUNCH HIS TEETH IN, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,240760,17128164,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Lerg,"Good gameplay,  but boring story. Also you can't see equipped suit on character - very bad!"
76561198059257923,Not Recommended,240760,10242004,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,WiseCrab,"Slightly disappointed. I'd call this an alpha release, not beta. The whole UI - is a mess, ugly font with small chars are no good (even increasing the font-size doesn't help). Combat system is not obvious at all, sometimes enemy take 2 turns in a row and killing a lot of my crew and sometimes I have more than 1 turn in a row.The one thing that is really frustrating - chance to hit the enemy which is standing before you with any gun (not melee) is near 15%! WTF?! I mean I cannot shoot with 100% hit chance when enemy is in 1 step from char just because I use assault rifle or sniper rifle.I really hope they will fix it."
,Not Recommended,240760,16309618,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Dainid,"To start : I spent 6 hours playing this game before I gave up due to not being able to get into it. I'd say if it's like... $10 give it a shot, but don't spend more than $20.Honestly I was expecting a new Fallout Tatics - but it just falls short... which is kinda hard for me to even believe as I type it, though perhaps I'm biased being a Fallout Tatics fan. While the turn-based combat is there, swapping weapons, armor - it's all there but... the entire game reeks of ""we tried too hard and over compensated in all the wrong areas."" If they didn't try to play the whole ""we're a badass, you're a badass - lets be badasses together!! Let go of mommies hand, grab a beer and lets go kickass!11!!!oneone!!1"". I love old games, but this game... eh. And wtf is up with the leveling system!? You leveled... but call your guy first so he can says ""yay you got a promotion! Now spend your skill points and hope you choose correctly!""To sum it up... I felt like this game is the equilivant of putting ""balls"" on your truck, and feeling that it's an ego boost instead of a joke. Too many skills for the way the level system works, clunky camera control & combat with nonsensical hit-percentages (go XCOM!), predictable plot and bad dialog, and to top it all off... the story says you're part of a group that protects the lands - but find out pretty much half of the area you protect hates your guts because you killed like... 1 guy ; or didn't send help fast enough... but wait... lemme guess... it's up to ""you"" to save the land and restore the reputation - But first... you have to help me find my dog and put out a house on fire before you save the city and the wastelands water supply... and the entire city, from complete destruction."
76561197993973321,Not Recommended,240760,13185376,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,imj,"Lacks the atmosphere, '40s futurist aesthetic and imaginative sub-stories that got me into the Fallout series. I've come across nothing that made me really want to explore more of the map but plenty of tedious, carbon-copy enemies and bland, characterless allies, so I've stopped playing."
,Not Recommended,240760,15762499,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Duncoup,"I like the atmosphere, i didnt get too far, I dont like the inventory management, too much drops... hard to see which is best, whats needed, what is trash. some crashes on MAC. player management is tiresome with 5 players. ressembles fallout tactics"
,Not Recommended,240760,23543780,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Arlequine,"The game was pretty good, and I was planning to purchase it after the free weekend ended but before the sale ended. Then after the free weekend ended I couldn't buy it because it was already in my library (it STILL says that), and now it's $20 more. I'm going to keep thinking about it and be on watch for another sale, but I think generally the Steam/Developer sale partnership was poorly planned and executed. Also it STILL says I can't buy it because I supposedly already own part of the Classic Edition bundle & it won't let me delete the ""pre-loaded"" game from my library (which I can't play because while it was ""ready to play"" before now it's only ""pre-loaded content."" Even if I wanted to pay $20 more for this game, how would I??? Literally Steam won't let me purchase this game.And while I WOULD recommend this game for a lot of reasons, I kind of want to say ""not from Steam"" because I couldn't participate in the sale if I participated in the free weekend and now it's double the price AND I STILL CANNOT BUY IT. So I would recommend this game but am saying no. Because Steam is (STILL) letting me down here."
,Not Recommended,240760,13765585,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jonnysage,"Granted I didnt play more than an hour, but that was because it was not a good start. No tutorial, unbalanced play, very little strategy. I feel like it was a waste of $20."
,Recommended,240760,8539170,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Le Chaps,"Yes it's a Beta and YES you only get to to see a very limited portion of the game but it is nice and it manages to bring back some good memories from the Fallout era... The original Fallout era.But for now I cannot rate this game but I can give my pros and cons...Cons:1) The characters look sickly tin and there's no2) Melee is useless (Maybe i'm the unluckiest person in the world and never hit anyone even with 84% chance to hit)3) No penalty for failing when: lockpicking a door, open a locked container, opening a safe, using Syth or other field skills)4) The character and inventory menus are a pain. It's ugly and I never look forward in having to use itPros:1) Reminds me of Fallout 22) You create your party... And that's good :-D just that, it waves like 3/4 of the cons. In short you can balance your team the way you like it. And once created they get a weapon that matches their prime weapon skill.3) cover seems to be implemented well and seems to be working fine.4) Easy to learn how the game works. You don't need a tutorial, it's really simple. BUT! A simple video to highlight was icon means what when you first enter a battle could prove usefull.So yeah... You want to spend 60$ on a Demo... Go ahead, if you live until they releas the game you will get it.  But the important thing I beleive is that you will be supporting a dream and I beleive in this game. B-)"
76561198069482849,Recommended,240760,8545637,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,admiralart,this game shows promise and has great potential keep up the great work guys cant wait for the finished product ^-^
,Recommended,240760,8555288,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,IHaveNoName,This game has a good start. Should be great when it is completed.
,Recommended,240760,8230361,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,konrack,"The original game gave me hours of frustration and fun, even when getting wiped you were determined to get back and beat it this time...   Wasteland 2 is alot of fun, it looks very nice indeed and unlike Wasteland unless you realy suck your not going to get a party wipe on the first random encounter you come across.The main party characters from Wasteland make a return in this game, all years older and some none the wiser.Being from some of the original minds behind wasteland and the original fallout games this could be set to a game that gains cult status like it's predecessors."
,Recommended,240760,8425072,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SirDannyMacFinn,"I'm a huge fan of apocalypse games, and I think that Wasteland 2 is awesome. You need to be into the genre, and appreciate the history and work put into it, as well as enjoy the gameplay.Graphics: The game was made in Unity, and it shows. The visuals are by no means top notche, neither should they be. I'd much rather inXile focus on good gameplay than good visuals (though good visuals don't hurt).Gameplay: The game is turn based and that is a pretty specific type of game. There is strategy involved and heavy rpg elements that make this game slow, but fun if you enjoy that kind of thing.Audio: The sounds in the game are good, gun shots sound powerful and voice acting is clear and easy to understand, though not the best voice acting in the history of gaming, i'm just glad that it's there.The games start up menu can get a little obnoxious as far as audio is concerned because everytime you move the mouse a noise is made, and when you hover over a button a different noise. At times that can get a little tiresome.The game crashes on a regular enough basis for it to be a problem, especially because of how slow the gameplay is.Considering the price of $59.99, I recommend waiting until it goes on sale. The game is worth $30, not $60, especially considering that the OST and graphic novels that come promised with the game aren't actually available upon purchase. Though this is temporary, it's still a gimic to get folks to buy the game. And Wasteland 1 is not that fantastic of a game, especially 20 odd years down the road.All in all, I'd give it a personal rating of 7/10, give it time and I'm sure they'll have some of the major game breaking bugs fixed, for now, it's an incomplete game. They've done a great job bringing back a fan favored game though, and I look forward to seeing what they do with this."
76561197993447805,Recommended,240760,8307525,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,(PG) iLAK,"I'ts like playing Fallout2 and Fallout Tactics all over again, love it. If you have the cash to spend, go for it!"
,Recommended,240760,8143757,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Hondo,Have only played an hour. Very very very happy with it. Any fans of Wasteland or Fallout 1 and 2 owe themselves this game as a christmas present. You deserve it and the developers will appreciate the help and validation of all their hard work.
76561198007280761,Recommended,240760,8072154,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,TOG | uberwald70,For early beta I am enjoying myself
76561198063644282,Recommended,240760,12149772,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,SIIVIIVIY,Killed a mutant plant with my fist....15/10
76561197967183927,Recommended,240760,8269631,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Baranov,"So far it seems very polished for a Early Access game, some bugs obviously present but much less than one may expect. The amount of content is insane, and it will take several hours to complete even the first few missions so the game is anything but short even at this stage.Cant wait for the full release, its going to be awesome."
76561198008975925,Recommended,240760,21723883,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Tholus X,Gorgeous and retro.
,Not Recommended,240760,12285979,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Martin,"I never played the original nor have I ever played Fallout 1 or 2. After playing Divinity OS I wanted to experience more cRPG's. Wasteland 2 was an obvious choice.I love the setting, the world and the Atmosphere. I even really like the graphical style. It looks like an old game made 3D, really suits this style of gameplay. The voice acting is great and although the bulk of npc interactions aretext based it's pretty interesting stuff. Exploring the various areas i had a chance to visit was fun, picking locks, cracking safes, bashing down doors. great. After over 20 hours playing though i have decided to quit. Why? the combat......I cannot recall a game i have ever played that had me shout, scream or growl out of frustration as much as Wasteland 2. I don't even know where to start. I'ts not that i don't know how to play, it's not that i find it too hard it's just i constantly feel cheated or unlucky beyond belief. Let me try to explain my experiences.No matter what my hit % i seem to miss 80% of the time. Just today i had 3 shots with an 85% hit chance during one turn, all missed, the next turn i had 2 with the same party member, again both missed, on the 3rd turn the 1st shot missed AGAIN then the weapon jammed. This isn't a rare occurance, it's almost every battle. Add to that the fact that almost every enemy seem to have a massive pool of AP and no matter what weapon they use they just run at you, even ones with ranged weapons. They rarely miss, never jam.Today after being hit by a heavy machine gun and almost 1 shot killed whilst behind cover i decided to quit. The party member who was hit had a sniper rifle and had missed the heavy weapon weilding enemy 3 times with a 90% hit chance. Enough is Enough."
,Not Recommended,240760,12284982,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dantés,"Scruffy Looking and Over-RatedYeah, this is pretty terrible and a complete waste of £30. It's like a cross between X-COM and Baldurs Gate, without any of the redeeming features that those two games had, and with far worse graphics.Buy them instead and save yourself some cash.After only 3.5 hrs play I'd reached my limit with this; the tedium was unbearable.I'll qualify this by saying that I never played the original Wasteland back in the late eighties. So my views have no hint of rose-tinted nostalgia, or for that matter, dashed expectations.Oh, and Game of the Year from PC World. Would you buy a computer or components from PC World? Sure, if you have excess money that you like to waste on overpriced mediocrity.That, I think, sums up the game in a nutshell."
76561198052805146,Recommended,240760,8999995,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,duuzyb,"Very good, been waiting couple of years for it, totally worth it !!!"
76561197993571225,Not Recommended,240760,18195194,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,shadowrunner,"剧情不错，但作为一款战术游戏，这游戏毫无战术可言,希望导演剪辑版可以让我改变我的评价。弃之可惜，食之无味，有时间的可以试试，不过总体来说不推荐。"
76561198017681447,Recommended,240760,23872916,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"An adult version of another nameless post-apocalyptic RPG, based on a sound concept with a good backstory. If you want a good RPG with choices that matter, characters that are very detailed (not to make but to actually play), gameplay that is complex and challenging, and plenty to explore that has some relevance to the actual story, then is the game for you. The only con to the game is that if you’re not used to hard-core old school RPG's then this will be a challenge to you. It will not forgive, it will not let you get away with your mistakes, it is not for the faint hearted. If you've only played those other for well-known RPGs that hold your hand and tell you what you can and can't do then this will be a shock to your system. But if you go at it with an open mind and don't mind putting some time into the background and enjoy and good story you will be rewarded, thumbs up!"
76561198036348079,Recommended,240760,13202091,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,SweeneyBean,"Really fun, first turn based game ive played, absoloutly loved it."
76561197991493886,Not Recommended,240760,13614315,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SnowStorm,"I paid about 30 euros for this game on sale, but the correct price would be closer to 10. It is not a bad game, but it looks and feels like it was made nearly 10 years ago. Comparing to fallout this is nothing like fallout, except that both play out in a post-nuclear environment. It is more like some older x-com game with a fallout theme. So far the interecation part have been minimal. You just fight some gangs. The idea of the game is great, and so far the story itself seems interesting, but the fighting is just boring. It might be realistic in the way that you seem to run out of bullets even when you try to avoid encounters."
76561198014701844,Not Recommended,240760,16348223,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MrNiceGuy,Wasn't worth the money.
76561198009724645,Not Recommended,240760,16333468,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mr.Church,"The first part of this game is good, the latter half is unfinshed, buy on sale if you must but the game was a dissappoinment for me."
76561198086095923,Not Recommended,240760,13753904,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Obliviator,"Needs a end combat button...Too many times you get in a situation where you cant get to the enemy, the enemy doesnt come to you, but it still says ur in combat and u gotta move turn for turn, and u cant just end the combat. Really annoying.."
,Recommended,240760,12179811,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,OhRevere,"wasteland 2 is very much like 61,000 people spunking 3 million dollars on low res unity assets10/10"
76561198042534799,Recommended,240760,21062022,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,RileySky,It real good doe. It like a toaster on a scale of empty pill bottle to goat.
76561198071915950,Recommended,240760,16912512,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Serious Secare,"For fans of the old school RPG this is a must own.It does have it's flaws, however, but with the announcement of the directors cut, hopefully they will be addressed."
,Recommended,240760,13703762,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sweet-Tea,I got to give my party pony pictures and names.I don't care that it's an amazing crpgI don't care that it's the real fallout 3.10/10 for horse
,Recommended,240760,11940274,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Shizfest,This game is kick♥♥♥♥♥ Get it cause it's awesome!
,Not Recommended,240760,24261619,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,TheSpiritFox,"The game itself is wonderful.Right up until you run into one of a thousand severely game breaking bugs. Like, you can mod weapons and you get weapon mods often by disassembling weapons you find. Except the RNG is bugged and when breaking down with a 50% chance to get some kind of mod you can break down 10 weapons at 50% chance for mod a pop and get no mods. The displayed 50% is more like 5% or something.That is one example, there are many more. Broken quests, the game not being able to handle you choosing the wrong person to kill, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapon balance,If the problems were fixed this game would be an amazing gem with a ton of replay value, different ways to play through the game, and skills which make a significant difference in gameplay with all of the :That's XCOM: moments you expect from a solid tactical shooter.But the problems are such that I will tell you buy this on severe discount until you see a massive patch or two or not at all."
76561198007235422,Recommended,240760,12148640,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Kazox,"Old school but a lot of fun.  Graphics and textures are not up to par with current technology, but other than that and a few minor bugs, the game's very entertaining."
,Recommended,240760,12148758,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,|TG| Vitamin187,"A great game to get, price is a little high, but worth getting if you enjoy turn based rpg's."
76561198128632565,Recommended,240760,21698242,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Miracle WHAP,"This game has its issues and bugs like any other game that is as big as this does. You can't make a game this massive and expect it to be perfect no matter how much time and skill you put in to it. There's just so much to factor in, so many different ways to approach any situation. I've played through this once on another account and I had to buy it for this one. Takes a lot of time just to get started because you will most likely rebuild your squad multiple times trying to find what works best for you. I recommend doing some research on the stats an what functionable builds are out there and build a squad according to what you find yourself. Tons of game play, wonderful way to spend your spare time. This game is not super fast paced if you don't want it to be but you can also just plow through the story if that is what you want. You have tons of options to play the way you want although you have to use combat as effectively as possible no matter what kind of character development you go for. Combat is literally this game. Most of the game is spent reading text into the story or fighitng in turn based combat."
,Recommended,240760,12148846,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Kaesse,This game is the closest game to old classic RPGs. This is what makes my blood warm and let me hope that Gamedev is not dead yet.I surelly recommend this game to anyone who likes RPGs.
76561198030079054,Recommended,240760,16775023,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Smizzle T,"this game is great, people are just mad its not another fallout game"
76561198062525210,Recommended,240760,21605999,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,avaririot,"One of the best games I've ever played.  Crashed a lot on me and that's the only thing keeping me from playing it again.  Combat is great and intuitive, story and characters are awesome, music is OUTSTANDING.9/10 and only cuz of crashing problems."
76561198055554252,Recommended,240760,22224740,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Lequtiss,"Not the genre of game I usually play so can't compare it to other games. It looked interesting so I decided to try something different. Not dissapointed. Love the flexibility of options to solve a specific task. Compelling story line and characters. Creative and realistic turn based ""encounters"" (combat).  8.5 out of 10."
76561198009197310,Recommended,240760,12149040,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,xeroshiva1029,great game reminds me alot of the fallout tactics series =)
76561197970427745,Recommended,240760,12152309,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,narkissos,It´s pretty neat
,Recommended,240760,12152144,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Kubed,Totally. Worth. The. Wait.
,Recommended,240760,12150496,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,CrazyCelt,"9 Hours in, and I cannot get enough of it."
,Recommended,240760,21856439,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,AlexTheCoolestness,"Brian Fargo takes it away again with this modern remake of a classic style RPG. Between the brilliant writing, perfected gameplay, and beautiful graphics, this game is one that everyone can and will enjoy!"
76561198155071592,Recommended,240760,21972372,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,SpydiniMasta,Once you get past the steep learning curve and level up a bit(8-10 hours in) i found it quite rewarding.
76561197965778158,Recommended,240760,22180723,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Cubertt,"This game's a really good crpg. The combat is solid and pretty fun; but what really makes it good is the writing and fun character customization/progression. This game is great at making you think about the decisions you are going to make, or have made. A lot of choose your own adventure stuff and grey storylines; it's nice."
76561198072039843,Recommended,240760,8231384,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Andikins,I know this game is still in an early beta stage but i must say i absolutely love it so far.It's been entertaining challenging like the good old adventure games
76561197970550201,Recommended,240760,10628148,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,despothes,Lovin' it!
76561197984887426,Recommended,240760,8098837,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Attillius,"Good game so far.  However, they need someone that knows something about firearms to help them out big time. There are some major mistakes in the firearms and ammo area.  Need to get that fixed asap."
,Recommended,240760,13133254,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,tony_wonder,"I'm going to compare a lot of it to Fallout because recapturing that feel is what led me to buy this game.Pros:- Recaptures a lot of what made Fallout 1/2 so great.- Combat is a lot better than Fallout 2 (Somewhere between Fallout 2 and Fallout Tactics)- You get hooked into the story pretty quickly. I got addicted about 3-4 hours in.- Not as slow in the beginning as Fallout 2Cons:- Super buggy, I rarely quit this game out of choice.- Not as cheeky or racy as Fallout 2- Character customization feels bland without Perks"
,Recommended,240760,8154659,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,fuldry,"This looks really promising. It's a great idea, let's hope the bugs get ironed out before release. I must say that I can't wait until we can finally play the released version !"
76561198008297935,Recommended,240760,8720746,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Redlycan,vv
76561198030758352,Recommended,240760,8740475,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,iwishiwasgone,"It's in beta.  Can't run it for more than a few hours, larger maps get bogged down and you have to save and load.  On the plus side if everything bogs down even a quicksave-quickload brings the world back to snap.I played it for 9.2 hours yesterday, it's really good.  It's what Fallout Tactics could have been and a worthy successor to Wasteland.  It's short still, there's not much content yet.  If this game ends up big it'll be an forever classic, if it ends up small it's going to♥♥♥♥♥♥off a lot of people."
76561198006920425,Recommended,240760,8740577,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,hermes_SK,"Its beta I know, but its payed beta so its should be playeble at least, but its not.  I have hig end PC but even when I run this game o low details, its lagging."
,Recommended,240760,8744724,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ToadStoned,Oh man I hope more content is added to this game and I hope they add crouch and prone to it also. For its early access this game is rather fun and I look forward to seeing what they come up with next.
,Recommended,240760,8799576,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,-PtK-lol1759,"I have never played anything like this. The story is incredible, and the choices have real rippling effects through out the entire story.However, unless you really love WRPSs or just have to buy this game, I recommend not buying into the beta."
,Recommended,240760,8808085,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Deuuuuzzzz,If you enjoyed the old Fallout games (fallout 1 and fallout 2) you will love this game!
,Recommended,240760,8837780,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Amniku,"Fantastic game, just neets to be a bit mor intuitive on the interface, and more costume options would be nice. Im goint to keep an eye on this game."
76561198018891110,Recommended,240760,8926591,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Anubis,"Very good turn based strategy, challenging, npc interaction is good, every game is different"
76561198030121456,Recommended,240760,8790436,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,used sybian classifieds,the game is super slow and choppy freezing on gameplay and all around needs work but will be a sweet game when they fix all of that
,Recommended,240760,8117824,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,xxedgexx,"I have to admit, I did not play the original Wasteland from 1988 (would have been a little young then), but this new incarnation does remind me strongly off Fallout 1 and 2 - memories I am very fond of!My first encounter with Wasteland 2 has left a very good impression, scenery, voice-acting and atmosphere are great. There is alot of work left to be done in order to complete and polish this gem, but this sure has my full support - take my money :D"
,Recommended,240760,9226499,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,sawdust3d,"Very much Reminds me of ""Tactics"" & that's a good thing.I probably put 20 hours into it on the first trial run - pretty good for a diminutive chunk of Beta.Can't wait to see what the dev's will really do with this thing. Seem's like they're very much on the right path.If this is your type thing - I support the early buy-in. I see a big re-play factor.If you're not sure, it won't hurt to wait for the official release."
76561197983688965,Recommended,240760,18573220,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Apn,"every time i write a review for this game it gets deleted, i've made 4 mow. here they are scaled down.1. my first review was during kick-start and i was very positive about the game even though it didn't play all the way through, only until 1/2 way through which i thought was♥♥♥♥♥♥considering i paid 40 pounds for it, even kick-start games should play through.2. my second review was still in kick-start although very little had actually happened, they had got rid of things like modifying weapons destroying all related item in your inventory. Finally the game progressed beyond 1/2 way. I had a lot to say for myself and really tried to offer some insight into what comprises a top down isometric turn based rpg in todays markets.3. my 3rd review was mainly due to my reviews previously being deleted, and because the company had made one of i think the biggest mistakes the game market can make and that is to release about 4 DLC items (extra content) about 1 month after its release. i noted this and how i had in fact paid more for a game that wouldn't play further than 1/2 way through for almost a year which cost me a solid 40 quid for a game that didn't even cost that much on its final release, and there were these dumb money grubbing DLC's which your all going to pretend didn't exist... but they did for a while. So to sum up my third review was in protest of how dumb a market strategy this actually was.4. this is my fourth review and i am going to make a copy of it in 'one note' so when you do inevitably delete it i will just copy paste it from my saved file back into the review section. The reason being that people should see how this roller coaster of events has blundered its way onto the market in just about a saleable quality.The game is mediocre, you control a group to about 5 soldiers one of which you customize (that's you) then you make your way through an RPG environment and encounter regular combat. the combat is plain and boring and turn based you point and click there is no hunker down skill there is no suppression what im trying to say is there no skills.you gain levels and invest in attribute points and skill points non of them unlock new levels of gameplay as you might expect from a somewhat lacking isometric top down rpg game, unless you consider being able to pick higher level locks an 'new level of gameplay' its alright but as with any company trying that crap mention above how good do you think its really going to be?so now they have released the directors cut. it seems to have all the crap DLC's in it which is some reprise, that they actually listened to all the whingey people, like me. this review should remain if not for its uninspiring content but so people can see how not to release a game in kick-start and try to pull a fast one on the public which they actually did, i am sure a large number of people paid for their DLC content which is now free...and I am sitting here thinking why do my reviews keep getting deleted? Is it because you dont like them? They wont get better each time you delete them. Get some integrity."
,Recommended,240760,9204514,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Deus Ex Machina,"I bit the bullet and thew down 60 dollars on this game and found that this game is awesome just as it suggests.  I am still convinced that I made the right choice buying this game for that amount just for the simple fact that I know that I'm supporting the game developer Brian Fargo.  Nothing more to say, but great game and well worth the money."
76561198009716847,Recommended,240760,23508849,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,turtle844,Great writing and gameplay.
76561198030573297,Recommended,240760,17308905,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ekar iarumas,tried to kick a door in♥♥♥♥ing died10/10 it's ok
76561197963791079,Recommended,240760,12953583,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Jah,Suddenly found myself playing the game for 10hrs in one sitting.  Compelling gameplay and perma-death makes playing very exciting.
76561198025561976,Recommended,240760,23807159,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dntazemebr0,"Excellent title, what I imagine fallout would look like if they kept the same style of play as they had in 1 and 2."
76561198046047379,Recommended,240760,18142662,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Aphex,"I tried this game two times and didn't like it. I kind of half arsed my attempts, didn't know what i was doing and got stuck on several quests. After launching the game a third time i was dedicated to give it a real go and then it happened. I slowly got the hang of it and the story grabbed me.The writing and storyline are very good. The game mechanics seem complicated at first but once you do a bit of preperation and research you will learn quick and once i got the hang of it i couldn't stop playing. Itemisation, progression and customisation are superb. You can really create the ""class"" you want here and it pays off unlike in other games.After 34 hours i finally reached the second half of the game and i can't wait to inhale the thick atmosphere and exelent plotlines.This game is not for everyone. You need patience, you have to like reading and you have to just let the game soak you in. If you do that you're in for a great time."
,Recommended,240760,14001361,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"I have completed the game and now I feel hollow inside. You know, that feel when you finished a good book or really interesting movie? When you summerged yourself complelly in the story and ambient and you know it will end eventually and you don't want it to be over... But eventually, it does.I should say that this game is a masterpiece and it's been a while since I've been consumed that hard by a story. This game is well worth your money, guys and I wish they'll do a sequel. I loved every single moment of this game. It's perfect.10/10."
76561198082935611,Recommended,240760,31095712,Posted: 12 April,all,zombogeekz,"So, I am a fan of turn based strategy/adventure games and this game makes the cut.It's entertaining, dark, and dystopian. Think Xcom meets Fallout.I thoroughly like this game's story, both of them.That's really a problem actually. The first half of the game takes place in one location, and the second takes place in a completely different location. Once you move past one, you can't come back. It's very much like there are two games.Also, the tactics for the first location are killing with normal conventional weapons and that's mostly thrown out the window in the second half, making all of your character development pretty much useless.The mechanic for gaining new ability points is pretty stupid. You must choose high intelligence in order to gain abilities. If you don't, your characters will be severely left behind by the later stages, and get screwed because of that.So not only do you have to know that going into creating a character (and it's not obvious while doing so) you also have to set your characters up with two different and contradictory styles of fighting to advance with the characters you like.It's not very intuitive.The acheivements are glitchy and sometimes require you to restart from a previous save and they're also not very good. You have no choice but to save before every major decision and reload multiple times to get all of the acheivements.I know that's meant for replayability but lets face it, this game is only good enough for one play through and that's it.Still, I would buy this game. However not unelss it's on sale for 90% off at least.7/10"
76561198022005750,Recommended,240760,32684733,Posted: 23 June,all,Halfhesh,incredible game. scotchmo stole all my snake squeezins 9/10
,Not Recommended,240760,20201370,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bladey,"Game SEEMS really fun and immersive. Items dissapear however. There's some reports of scrap disappearing (the in-game currency) but I am talking about my equipped rocket launcher, guns, and trinkets. Just ""poof"" and only ""fists"" remain as the equipped weapon. This is mainly a game about gathering loot, as any post apocalyptic survival game is ultimately...so theres 0 reason to play this game due to this totally gamebreaking bug. I didn't see this reported on any other forum however so I am willing to accept that it's just a bad install. I will however not fix the game's issues for it. Uninstalled and downvoted. I have 2 hours of the directors cut...which I cannot review. When clicking write review for the directors cut it brings you to a totally random page. When clicking ""write review"" for regular Wasteland 2, it brings you to review something they call ""Wasteland 2: Directors Cut""...and didn't initially allow me because i needed at least 5 minutes of gameplay (of which I had none) Steam bug but whatever. I literally installed wasteland 2 and afked in it 5 minutes to write a review about this pile of crap."
76561198105231546,Recommended,240760,13396454,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,JuanitoBouritoTheBurritoBandito,"Played it once, replaying it again. 10/10 game."
,Recommended,240760,13739333,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Baibai,This game is for all of us who felt Bethesda took it in the wrong direction with Fallout 3. This is what Fallout 3 should have been. Top down and uncompromised turn based. Delicious! #Fallout1 #Fallout2 #THISISFallout3
,Recommended,240760,12101675,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,gobsan,cool
76561198008142715,Recommended,240760,12180534,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Boudy,"Fun game, needs some optimization."
,Recommended,240760,12181047,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,C9BusterBoy,This is the first game where I sat down and unintentionally played it for 12 hours straight. It's a refreshing addition to the isometric rpg genre. Anyone who loved the first two fallouts or wasteland 1 should give this game a try. Nice combination of serious situation and humorous ones. Also does not require having played wasteland 1.
76561198099442246,Recommended,240760,12154418,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Dilvas,For those that enjoyed playing Fallout 1 & 2 this is a must game.I have not felt this immersed in a game for a very long time.Thank you Brian and the InXile team keep up the great work.10 out of 10
76561198007193521,Recommended,240760,13897740,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,dxdtf,It's great
76561197967033235,Recommended,240760,15721383,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Archduke of South America,The game is fun but it crashes every 10-15 minutes. The pace is pretty slow too. Definitely a lot of detail and depth though.
76561198044619825,Recommended,240760,15909103,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,mcmorris23,If you like awesome games then buy Wasteland 2.If you like dumb games that do not rule than do not buy Wasteland 2.
76561198019825282,Recommended,240760,10911125,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,erome5578,"This game is pretty fun, BUT the small FONTS are a MAJOR issue. Even when I went into the options and selected LARGE FONTS it had NO effect....fonts were still TOO SMALL! Overall this game is coming along pretty good. I look forward to the FINISHED product."
,Recommended,240760,15563250,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Jovany UNCUT,Pc♥♥♥♥♥pc is always a plus in my bookCustomizable four person party (Someone say 50 Cent and G-Unit as a Ranger Squad??)Ton of hours of gameplay=)
76561198082489809,Recommended,240760,16267043,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,amarao,"It not 100% fallout2, but very, very, very close. It still require a lot of fighting, and most quests will leat do the battle anyway, but overall story and world are rich. It is very munchkin, consuming about 60hrs to play through (not speedrun)."
76561197971042339,Recommended,240760,14734114,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,[DNR] Iniquity,"Excellent, harks back to the good RPG days where storyline was important and graphics were not.Controls are good and the locations and RPG elements are great!Well worth the money!"
76561198046150370,Recommended,240760,14760333,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,dog8viii,"best rpg, turn based game ive played in ages, lots of replay value in the game. hope they bring dlc's out soon. worth every penny"
76561198024107355,Recommended,240760,29537486,Posted: 28 January,all,Purple ♫,yes
,Recommended,240760,14784828,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ol,For the love of God do not press the button.
,Recommended,240760,14799600,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Lenin,Amazing.
,Recommended,240760,14809748,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Tubbleberry,Very good game hard though like old games used to be.
76561198144838762,Recommended,240760,14818982,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Quickdraw Magraw,"so, how many of you went back and tried to save both ag and highpool at the start? Lol ;3"
76561198145566996,Recommended,240760,14843698,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,ncky611735,Good game.
76561198049335034,Recommended,240760,14943453,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Alpha8,"Great Game, Worth the price !"
76561198001545877,Recommended,240760,14833387,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Geo,"quite hard for an amateur,but the combat system is nicean additional tutorial should make it better"
,Recommended,240760,14803534,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mob,♥♥♥♥in awesome !!!!
,Recommended,240760,14793474,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Cunt Hunta,10/10
76561198063964014,Recommended,240760,11010564,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,SolonBoy,This games combat is kind of like xcom. It plays like fallout 1 and 2 which were inspired by the original Wasteland.
76561198002452687,Recommended,240760,10994816,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Vanger,Fallout 2 is back? Still raw enough but worth to look at.
,Recommended,240760,12721348,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Shai,this game is great funright after fallout 1
,Recommended,240760,12874824,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,KinKade,awesome
,Recommended,240760,14965335,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Zombiehunter220,this is a very fun game. i have really injoyed it. this is how fallout 3 and NV should of been. the story so far is sweet. fallout 3 and NV was iffy about a story. NV had at best lacking of one.so far i have really loved this game. if you liked the classic Fallouts this game is for you mates.
,Recommended,240760,13934565,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,pink monkey,nice
76561198016259360,Recommended,240760,12505202,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Wagner,"Whereas I expected more of a ""jagged Alliance"", based upon the Trailers, I chose to take a risk upon the Dev´s Name - the Fellow behind FALLOUT.As such, I did not expect a lot.Surely, the Fellow had little to work with.Surely, my thirst would not be quenched, for this is not FALLOUT 4.And yet...it is.Despite all evidence to the contrary , I am playing an old FALLOUT - with all Features of the modern Age - including a load of Bugs, which have been adresssed in the two Patches since I`ve written this Review.In short, enjoy if you like the Theme.Otherwise, perhaps wait - and then purchase!""Samson, Samson, protect me....."""
,Recommended,240760,23528984,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Soldatesque,Great game.  Love RPGs like this.  Love the team customization and story lines.
,Recommended,240760,14036459,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rek,"Amazing game, and definitely the best of 2014. It brought back everything that a modern Fallout should have been and despite taking about 83 hours to beat it, it only left me wanting for more. I really hope inXile has a sequel planned and that this shows there is still a market for these kinds of games.Can't wait for Wasteland 3"
76561198117835365,Recommended,240760,14014309,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,elcamelloilustrado,"It's a good game with a decent background story and plenty of good ideas. That's it. But ""Wasteland 2"" is not the masterpiece that many people are pretending. It's hard to understand the habilities system, and, unfortunately combat is one of the weakests points of the game (cover doesn't really matter, neither other combat tactics).Don't get me wrong, the game is fun and interesting, but I don't really see it becoming a classic as the original ""Wasteland"" is."
76561198083994807,Recommended,240760,14014347,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,minishade,The only thing I have found active fault in this game is poor scripting. I have encountered so many bugs and glitches (subplot wise) that at this point I am taking a break. The game gives you so many ways to accomplish any thing you want but its scripting punishes you by not working (triggering) unless you do things in a specific way even though it is as mentioned possible to do so.My advice? Play the game and when you encounter something that doesn't seem right go to the forums. Keep multiple save files.That being said I do enjoy the story and the gameplay.
76561197972370976,Recommended,240760,14020579,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Etdashou,"First review. I will update as I play.Feels like Divinity Original sin, but in a setup similar to Fallout.The cons are:- Camera angle is awful- Font family is bad.The rest is nice."
,Recommended,240760,14027124,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,TheKekromancer,"As someone who has played the classic iso RPGs like the original Fallouts and Baldurs gate series, I was blown away by this game. The wit and charm of the writing and the easy to learn, less easy to master combat system really did it for me. My only 2 complaints are that it sometime takes a really long time to navigate the large and well designed areas and the main questline (at least for someone who dosent put a bullet in every charachter he comes across) was a little underwhelming but it is easily made up for by the amazing side stories and the interesting charachters that populate the world.9.5/10 was jolly good time."
76561198128278975,Recommended,240760,13995018,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Druzial,Fallout 1 and 2 x4. without the perks. really well done game. a must have for any gamers collection.
76561198003784171,Recommended,240760,13999847,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Malcom13,"Great game.... would be awesome. Crashes a lot once it gets going. Rail Nomad camp seems to be a real hang up. Also during reloading once party reaches this area. But like I said, great game."
,Recommended,240760,14000831,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SwagLord,This is basically a Fallout 4. Everything great about Fallout Tactics minus the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Love the strategy and team development.
76561198121192247,Recommended,240760,14024263,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,treestone,"hello i bought this game some months agoat that time this game didnt have korean language patchnow, korean language patch have launchedbut i still cant play wasteland 2 in koreanonly the users who bought wasteland 2 from korean importer can see korean alphabet in game, not mei understand english very little so that i am afraid i didnt feel everything of this gamei wish steam users can download wasteland 2 korean patch too, it is our legit right.i dont know where to say like this so i leave some message here"
76561197977211401,Recommended,240760,16849858,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,Wonky gameplay and ugly graphics are the only bad points.  Otherwise a nice throwback to older games.
76561198082334262,Recommended,240760,14997217,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Tulio,"I hate this game. Most of the game is awesome and I love it but eventually it'll ♥♥♥♥ you over like a sadistic parent throwin a stick in their kids bicycle wheel. I was havin a grand time playing, killin things and shootin other things, and then I(spoilers ahead)  ran in to Dr. Larson.  Whoever designed this 100hp, 12AP, 0 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, 2AP gun weilding, %100 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of a boss needs to be drug out in the street and shoot to death. 6 times to be exact. Unistalled the game after that pile-a-crap encounter. Good game otherwise."
76561198052108016,Recommended,240760,12854955,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,kurikinton,"I found this to be well worth playing, but it left me somewhat unsatisfied in the end and wishing there had been far more content. After finishing one playthrough, I immediately started a new one but quickly realized that the game would not grab my interest enough for a second one any time soon, though it is partially my fault perhaps.As you can see from my ""hours on record"", I finished the game in under 27 hours (subtracting the aborted second playthrough), so I'm not quite sure where they got the 80 hours of gameplay idea from. As noted below, I take shortcuts when playing, but I wouldn't expect those to shave 50 hours off of play time, more like a quarter at most.As a casual gamer, I very much enjoyed the tactical combat aspect. I actually prefer a ""heroic"" gameplay approach in which my squad usually has the tactical upper hand, as opposed to more hard core players who prefer to have to struggle hard to reach objectives (I just don't have time for that - thus part of the reason play time was shorter, but not all the reason IMHO). As such, I tend to tweak player stats early on to give them a bit of an advantage (just a bit!). I actually found that this makes combat far more exciting for me at least. I would very much prefer a game in which one good shot will lay you, or the enemy, flat, as it would in real life, and tweaking stats can create such a situation (unfortunately for the player squad only). I find the concept of spamming heals on party members to survive an encounter to be *extremely* unrealistic and immersion breaking in anything but a fantasy setting, so the tweaked stats allowed be immersive roleplaying of a heroic squad versus more average opponents. I loved the increasingly effective gear replacements and the gun modification mechanics, as well as the various differences in the tactics required for the weapons, which also helped immersion greatly. Someone else here said that gun ranges seemed the same, but for me, the chance to hit was eliminated as a factor through tweaking, so I could see clearly that ranges were in fact quite important. This suggests to me that some tweaking of balance might actually make this game better for some people. Just for comparison, there are plenty of other RPGs I've played in the past, with tweaks/mods/God abilities etc., where long term playability was in no way effected by that. A truly good game should accomodate all sorts of play styles. Anyway, overall, I found the tactical aspect to be the most satisfying part of the game. Being able to preposition my squad and then draw the enemy into a shooting gallery was actually quite fun. Granted, that also points out the weak enemy AI others have mentioned. The AI does more typically rush into their weapon range and then end up unable to fire because they've run out of action points, making them sitting ducks out in the open. However, in situations where they are already in range and under cover, they will remain there, and they did seem to seek cover if it was close by.I generally do not like scripted games at all. I prefer open world/sandbox almost exclusively, but I make an exception for this genre due to nostalgia from the original Fallout series. Others below have complained about the overall story and how it seems to be window dressing on the tactical combat experience. This was generally fine for me, and I was glad that it was perfectly possible to play encounters in a different order then the ""standard story line"" in many cases (but not all). At the least, doing things out of order did not seem to break anything for me (such as being unable to finish important objectives - with one noteable exception below).On the downside, though, I found that navigation was slow and at times extremely confusing (and thus quickly boring). I found myself repeatedly referring to walkthroughs and the like to figure out what the criptic instructions of NPCs was meant to tell me. It was also very common for important instructions to quickly scroll by to be missed, so I was not even sure what I was supposed to be doing. The worst was a large map midgame where it is possible to get very, very confused and commit immersion breaking mistakes, requiring a reload to an earlier save.The other immensely annoying aspect of the game was the constant lock picking, alarm deactivating, trap removal. Those activities actually took up a huge chunk of each map to the point that, considering that the contents of chests were often literally junk, I ended up skipping over only to miss the occasional important item. Thus, this became an extremely tedious negative experience which greatly subtracted from the overall fun. Also, the question of whether a given container was trapped/locked/alarm protected did not seem to follow any kind of logic.Also, let's face it, this genre and the game mechanics that go with it are really becomming outdated, and this game, while providing a somewhat modernized and, IMHO, polished execution of it, still does not make up for the fact that the mechanics are artificially held back to a kind of simulation of 1990s technology. This to me is the greatest cause for the lack of depth in character development and other such aspects pointed out by others. While 3D rendered, this *is* really a glorified isometric game in presentation, and I found the low resolution of the characters to be a bit confusing in that it is not as if someone is going to be playing this on an Android phone (or is it?) I think they could have upped the resolution of the characters by a bit, and for instance have more of them appear to reflect what they were wearing.Edit: While I'm on the subject of graphics, I have to say that the base model used for player characters is *UGLY*. There is really only one head shape each for male/female, with a few different skins slapped on seemingly slightly off center, and I had a really hard time coming up with characters that came anywhere close to someting I could identify with (this is an RPG after all). This is not a big deal, so I mention this only as a minor complaint.The other thing I found to be *extremely* distracting was that the NPC portrait displayed on screen when conversing with that NPC invariably looked nothing like the 3D character, including clothing, colors, hairstyle, etc. This to me was just sloppy and incomplete. Rather than putting an emphasis on having portraits that would get lots of likes on Devient Art, they should have gone for volume and made sure that every unique NPC had a unique portrait.  Judging by some of the really bad portraits available in the initial character creation screen, my guess is that they hired an expensive artist to do these portraits and ran out of money. That was definitely a design mistake.Certainly the game is visually beautiful to look at (when zoomed out), but after having played the Fallout reboot series and other Bethesda RPGs, which provide a relatively modern immersive 3D first&third person experience in a fully unscripted open world, it becomes increasingly difficult to be fully pulled in by this old-school, scripted, controlled viewport experience.Not only that, but the freedom of the Bethesda approach has allowed very deep modibility which extends the playability of the games for many years, whereas this game ended up being just a minor distraction over a couple of weeks, sort of like a short TV miniseries."
76561198009269801,Recommended,240760,12819987,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ocarina of Tim,"Wasteland 2. Baby Clown Erisian can't get enough of it. I'll keep it simple:1. If you liked the first one then you will almost certainly like this one. You're also old. Baby Clown Erisian mocks. I also played the original when came out. I am not old. I am awesome.2. There is a lot of text to read and the battle are only similar to Xcom in their appearance. There are not a lot of different enemies but a lot of different names for the same ones. Baby Clown Erisian does not mind this for the battles are very fun and only a small part of the game.3. You will spend more time questing than shooting. Unless you suck, In that case, Baby Clown Erisian mocks you. The question is a fun and delightful part of the game. Many laughs. A few feels.4. In Baby Clown Erisian's opinion the game is almost a 3d version of the original. It doesn't play the same as many other games that have the same appearance. Get that through your mortal skull. Perhaps play the original first as it is cheap and may give you a glimpse into why this game is an important part of the genre. Without it, Fallout would not exit in it's many different phases.5. You play as white hat do gooders so if you want to be evil look elsewhere but Baby Clown Erisian applauds you for your rotten, evil ways. There are chances to do the wrong thing but they tend to screw you over in the end.6. Many play throughs availabe because of many choices.7. Value compared to time played: Baby Clown Erisian has over 100 hours and is still a little bit away from finishing. He may have left the game running and forgot about it a few times but he will never admit to that.8. Stop reading and buy."
,Recommended,240760,16734308,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Strong Dog,it's so easy to accidentally kill everyone when you're just tryin to negotiate peace
,Recommended,240760,13148671,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Antonio Deuchebagarichi,"Started game. Gave my team nothing but sticks and bats. 3 minutes in, sent out on a high profile rescue mission. Killed by raiders before I got there.10/10This review exploded like a blood sausage!"
76561198085485706,Recommended,240760,21898892,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,TenJOJO,this is one of the best games games iv'e played in a long time. i love the play style and humor. the creators are tallented and creative.
,Recommended,240760,12150077,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,[TH]JJza,ซื้อตอน 50 USD ปรับราคาเป็นสกุลเงินไทยแล้วน้ำตาจะไหล TT
,Recommended,240760,21539093,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
76561198007235971,Recommended,240760,14449946,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Harold,60 hours and counting...
76561198050001753,Recommended,240760,29987222,Posted: 17 February,all,topottaja,"A game that I really enjoyed playing! Sadly never finished it... I invested 53 hours playing + planning time for building my team and I'm not going to start from the beginning again.Problem: Unfortunately the game was rebalanced while I was still in middle of playing it. This destroyed all my, very intense, build optimization and basically forced me to quit. Yes, I am broken like that. =DFor devs: While I greatly appreciate active development...! Personally I would not have forced those rebalancing changes on existing save games... And no I am not going to use save editing or anything remotely close to that, in order to get back the stats I lost."
76561197975327503,Recommended,240760,16996108,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,fopeano,"This game is a superb effort, and caters to my enless thirst for post-apocalyptic RPG goodness that was instilled by the original Fallout games back in 1999.  I have easily gotten my money's worth so far, and I'm still going to get more.  The game is very big on making tough choices to drive the plot development, which helps drive the great replay value.  This game easily deserves it's success, and I'm excited for the Director's Cut edition to come out and subsequently allow console gamers access to a great kind of game that is usually ruled out of their platforms."
76561198007977062,Recommended,240760,17901190,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Blargle Wargle,Pretty great game. Play it. Enjoy it. Write awesome backstories for your characters.Dig holes.
76561198005859891,Recommended,240760,16758337,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Keltik0ne,"Everything I was expecting, a more than solid RPG with a great deal of gameplay waiting for those with the time to invest."
76561198018659517,Not Recommended,240760,20667930,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Shubidoo,"I usually munch through party rpgs like popcorn and find even the mediocre ones fun as hell.It was different here for the very first time. I couldn't stand the quest design. It felt like i had played this ten times before. I found myself quitting in boredom in the first quarter, thinking, ""god no, i'm not going through this"" for some reason.Even tho, the game had its interesting aspects, i do now consider it overrated and bad."
76561198035867884,Recommended,240760,23697111,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Guru,This game is very enjoyable
,Recommended,240760,29742313,Posted: 6 February,all,Largo Lloyd,It's good to see this game with Turkish subtitles.
76561198060301780,Recommended,240760,12258803,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,rocco.salvetti,"I gave it a 7 on Metacritic as I could not give it a 7.5. This could be an 8.5 with some fixed on the combat system that ruins the great world that Wasteland 2 is.It is worth 29 pounds only if you really (really, really, really) want to encourage them and I am happy I did. Other than that, I wouldn't recomand a buy for that price. Wait for it to be 15 pounds or less.The combat system takes to be rebalanced, the AI is cheap and it cheats.The camera would need to be higher as being that close to the ground makes annoying to find your way around. That kind of camera was typical with old rpg and that depended on the poor resolution available. I can't see why implementing this very same issue in this game as, some of the old classic, took advantage of their HD release to have a camera farther from the ground.I appreciate the number of skills implemented, that is one part of how you push on the role playing, but sadly some of them are redundant. Also, at the very beginning you will desperately need your shooting skills to be high. On thing that I like a lot is the importance that the INT has in this game. Smart chacaters will be a great deal once you level up a few times as those skill points that you get out of INT will make you much stronger. I hate creating dumb characters only to make sure that they are good at fighting and they spared me that for good.The stories sometimes are good other times are brilliand, in fact the game is very well written, but they really missed one thing: good writing is also not writing too much.I am looking forward the next project out of this team."
76561198081564401,Recommended,240760,14231896,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,bigus dickus,Graet game and well worth the money.
,Recommended,240760,12441017,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,dbyrd26,"Like the old fallout games, great story and nice gameplay. I recommend the use of headphones/ headset."
76561198107662042,Recommended,240760,12439789,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,cloning_souls,"ive only played 7 hours so far but i can't help but feel a little disappointed,Back in the 90s fallout 2 was my favorite game and I loved every second of that masterpieceIs wasteland as good today as fallout was back in the 90s?..not even closeThe graphics are very low quality in places and feels like I'm playing a game from 1999, the inventory is a little clunky and slow making managing your squad awkward..the type font that youre meant to be constantly reading is too small causing eye strain.is it a good game? yes its got its moments and if you love turned based combat and the apocalyptic setting you will no doubt enjoy this,.. but its by no means a classic in the way other Brian Fargo games areoverall 8 /10"
76561198020981075,Recommended,240760,12547619,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,SofaKing,I so loved the game I decided to write my first review.We need more of oldschool turn-based combat games! First game I got addicted to. Love it love it love it.
76561198017092991,Recommended,240760,12189896,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,b5001,good game.
76561198119654445,Recommended,240760,20039838,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Spudmiknsy,Awesome game 10/10 m8!
76561198031102614,Recommended,240760,20197082,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MethodMan,"Phenomenal game, very addicting, and challenging"
,Recommended,240760,17155168,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,cm_okey,"This game remind me of harsh unforgiven wasteland. If you like Fallout and Turn Base RPG buy this game.. but remember Wasteland are unfogiven, one wrong decision can make your team die..."
76561198094399253,Recommended,240760,12210221,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,LessIsAlwaysLess,"If you were a fan of Fallout, Fallout 2, Buldurs gate type games then this is a must for you. There is a great amount of loot in this game if thats what you are into and an amazing skill tree."
76561197968908959,Recommended,240760,10777851,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Noveske SBR,Good game.
76561197970004292,Recommended,240760,11136366,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Meaty Oh Right,YOU MUST OWN THIS!!!!!!
,Recommended,240760,10749791,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jin-,You can add hot moé anime girl avatars to custom portrait 10/10
76561198054733870,Recommended,240760,11126551,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,WillTR,"I walked into Highpool, killed a bunch of kids, freed an Indian, and blew up a hospital.  10/10 GOTY"
76561198032217508,Recommended,240760,10840246,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ratskul,It is one of the best games i have played for years. I beleve it just needs more.
76561198049289089,Recommended,240760,10866075,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,jgates,My start in gaming was version 1 and now this one is better and renewing.
,Recommended,240760,16806450,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Tjuhl,"I can whole-heartedly recommend Wasteland 2 to anyone that likes ""squad RPGs"" (i.e. RPGs where you create a group of characters with individual strengths and weaknesses and develop them and their synergies further during gameplay).The game's story is well-written and leaves a good sense of progression within the story and the game world. Also, there is some replayability thanks to the main story hubs featuring multiple endings / alternate solutions. The different groups of interest involved are also consistent and well-written.Character development could feel a little bit more significant, e.g. via perks and special traits unlocked (will be addresses in the upcoming ""Wasteland 2 Director's Cut"" version, great!).Overall, with Wasteland 2 you'll get a full, well-crafted and well-executed RPG package."
76561197968116408,Recommended,240760,14971023,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Fishook,"As a fan of Fallout 1 & 2 and being a old school gamer. I personally thought this was the best RPG released for a number of years.It just ticked so many boxes for me, but I will admit it will not be everybodys cup of tea. Its not a sort of game the modern gamer would enjoy. I would'nt recommend to my nephews or my mates son's. But it just does'nt suit there play sty;e.But  if you are older gamer who enjoys western turn based CRPG's this is the game for you*Played to Completion"
76561198008546307,Not Recommended,240760,12152394,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Upright1,"REVIEW AT RELEASEIf I could score this thing ""meh"" I would. It is almost okayish. The graphics feel old as hell (circa 2005), the text walls are numerous, and the skills are poorly described. Not enough tooltips, not enough explantions of the tooltips that do exist, and the log book entries that explain the stuff you need to perform pop up after the event where it would have been useful.I wish the play didn't feel so tedious, I'd like to enjoy the cool stuff in the game. Traveling is cool the first time through, but there are no quick travel options. Some of the local areas can be downright gigantic, but no 'point of interest' markers and no ""travel to"" options - it takes FORVER in places and you can easily get turned around or lost. Is your quest giver in one of 14 railroad cars in the area? You better have a good memory or not mind some trial and error, because your map is nothing more than a satilite style photo with exits marked by a difficult-to-see static icon. Nothing else.Comabt lacks variation. Gun abilities are pretty vanilla, ranges are pretty even across the board, as are effects. Ammo conservation is really the only reason to change up weapon types inside of your party. Combat feels bland and uneventful.There is cool stuff in here, I've seen flashes of it. Tons of items (but no clue what is useful and what is vendor trash - why do we need vendor trash?). Openish world map. Customizable party.Oh yeah. Biggest negative? Terrible ♥♥♥♥ing visuals in the character designer - likeMount & Bladebad. You'll see the faces that you get to chose from and think: ""Yup, that is why inbreeding is illegal."" You will see these abominations everytime you open your character screen. Its like playing with actual feces to make stuff. There is no excuse for it to be that bad in a $40.00 game.I'm uninstalling until more features are added. I dig old school, but this thing is just plain missing common sense stuff that the games it borrows so heavily from have in spades.POST 10/13/14 PATCHBugs got fixed. Great.Game is still devoid of a useful local/area map.Game still lacks a skill system that uses your character's stats in any way and remains complicated for absolutely no reason. Why doesn't strength tie into bruteforce? Because reasons. ♥♥♥♥ you.Why are first aid and surgeon completely seperated skills and why isn't intelligence a factor? Because retro, stop being entitled.Seriously toxic forum where the fanbois are rabid. The game isn't terrible, but itsn't good either. Wait for a sequal or a large mod skill system / map overhaul."
76561198052672200,Not Recommended,240760,8841445,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,mtownshend,"I do not reccomend this game for purchase at this time.  I have been waiting since release to get some meaningful updates, but so far all they seem to be doing is chasing fires and causing more problems.  Their attempts to balace the game with a lot less than what is supposed to be the complete game open to beta testing is a very poor choice as they have no feedback nor data on how those balance tweaks will affect the game as a whole (with the exception of the ones made scenerio specific that is pusing this to be a linear game play instead of the non-linear fashion in which it was presented at release.  They are merely balancing the game in it's current state because it's going to be a long time before there is anymore additional content made available even though it is written as seen on a host of sites across the internet with a great deal of additional content and much better textures.  This is not and will not ever to be a $60 game unless they can remove the tedioum and add enough gameplay to meet what we are used to receiving on games of comparable prices.All updates break current saves.  Again, this is really a very expensive copy of what should be a demo with the early access probably not even ready at this date.  All that time spent on a game that could have had it's myriad of problems fixed by the team without beta testing.  Clearly a cash grab with a hidden objective to try to set precident that the price of kickstarter should apply to sales once that is over including logic that is childish, see the forum pinned discussion.Currently there are only 3 misson maps available the last having the worst ending of all.  It's just a hodgepodge of more of the previous maps.  I am also seeing official videos of this game with entirely differant textures that are outstanding, but to not include them without comment is a travesty.  The current textures while of HD, are just too limited.  I think that if they would introduce better textures and more diverse environment detail, it would go a long way towards the overal feel of the game.  To date the mechanics are rather rudimentary with characters walking under stairs to get to elevated buildings, no variety in battle animation, a weak AI (that they just modify your chance to hit), basically reverting your characters many levels just to make some of the fights feel like a challenge, not attempts to enhance the AI in a meaningful way, most all just quick fixes.Their only saving grace could be that they are withholding a great deal of the content (and textures) from beta testing, which seems to be rather unproductive and counterintuitive to the whole beta testing process that we bought into from the get go.  It's also rather insensitive to the demands of the horde of gamers who are clammering for more.The big thing here is also the price, not worth it.  It is being said that this will sell for nearly half the current price when/if it's completed and release as a final product (they will never finish fixong bugs, too many, the game is riddled with them and they are critical bugs that force you to either abandon the game or skip some objectives.  I have more incomplete objectives in my completed game that I do finished ones, whether they are side quests or not does not matter, the time spent trying to complete them is incredible.Combined experience of the development team has no bearing on the current state and makes it clear that they have gotton rough around the edges.  Never in one sitting did I take so many notes of so many major problems needing attention.  They are not publishers and that is very clear by the poor descions across the board with regards to that positions importnace.  They try to contradict post by others trying to artulate problems with personal jabbing beucase that do not realize that they do not have to PR skills to meet the publics needs.  Makes for quite a hostile enviroment when you are supposed to be working together on this open beta that you paid $60 for the privelage.If they would have thought about this pricing problem thoroughly they would have done as ALL other publishers do, release a deluxe version and a regular version.  Appeasing both the kickstarter backers and beta participants, instead of trying to gouge the customer by forcing upon them content that most people never look at (I haven't, nor will I, no interest).  The current pricing exceeds actually, what kickstarter backers paid, it doesn't even meet somewhere in the middle DESPITE the fact that they deliberately chose to NOT sell just the game without the fluff. Reeks of greed.My ingame time is not what appears, I have had to walk away in discust or frustration many times, leaving it paused or alt-tabbed which kept the timer running, however I have put at least 60+ hours into playing this game as it does have an appeal to TBS gamers, but not at this price.  Too many other complete, bug free ones to buy before this."
76561198024301834,Not Recommended,240760,22003410,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,TheronGodspeed,"Very Disappointing. Stats mean nothing, pistols are irrelevant, skill checks (like lockpicking) are laughably outdated, and the combat is lackluster (and that's being kind)."
76561198018377885,Not Recommended,240760,12181998,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Crang,"Know what your money is going to buy you:-A character with 1 strength attribute can break down doors. (Attributes have no bearing on skills. This is for me the single biggest fail I've ever witnessed in RPG(ish) gaming history)-Very repetitive despite their best efforts to install a nice story. Some of the characters are fun but ultimately you aren't playing this game to meet these people (if that's your cup of cake I suggest you stream funny videos on youtube, there are plenty more funny people there than in this game). When you are outside of those (rare) fun events, pretty much everything is the same, sure there are a variety of creatures to pummel but they are all similar; you point your gun and you shoot at them...-The skills in this game were designed by someone who has no skill in gaming; It seems to me that they wanted to advertise ""X"" number of skills (haven't counted them) during their marketting campaign so instead of making interesting skills they give you: The Toaster skill, this skill does absolutely nothing but repair toasters and to your surprise there always seem to be items on said toasters.. Ofcourse you also have lockpick which opens chest which has items in them, computer skill which opens chests which have items in them, the safe cracking skill which.... you guessed it, opens chests that have items in them... Oh and my favorite skill of all? The demolisions skill, cause you know, EVERY trap in the game has an explosive tied to it...-Character design (cosmetics) is as dull as you'd expect from a game designed in 2000.+Weapons: A great deal of variety. Nothing bad to say here.+/- (I think the - beats the + here but I'll let you dudge)World map: A fantastic concept, works great with one exception: Every ""Random"" encounter is the same depending on the zone you are in. Seems to me that they created roughly 10 random encounters of 10 different levels and spread them out so you'd always fall on the same one depending on what level they figured you'd be by the time you got there. In order words; Exploring is out of the question, you'll get owned unless you follow the story.I was a fan of this game from Wastelands 1 and refused to Beta test this game before release because I often find myself ruining the experience by playing an unfinished game. Well this game is finished, didn't crash once, it's just so poorly made (from an Tactical RPG perspective) that I feel robbed. Buy this game at your own risk but I'd be surprised if anyone puts in more than 20 hours before quiting."
76561198009192659,Not Recommended,240760,10154413,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,K2D2,"EDIT: 10/15/14This game is not for everyone. The opening movie is horrible. As for the game itself the camera angles seem to tight and at max zoom out it often becomes a challenge to fully appreciate the art style, which seems like a red headed stepchild of the Fallout series. I occurs to me that just because it's a Wasteland there should be more detail and texture work. Combat and movement is clunky. Story progression, character development, and gear aquisition are very artificially difficult. All and all the game needs more work on finding a balance of mission to gear to character. I got the impression while playing that the characters needed to be highly specialized, and thus a high body count except for the specialist character and the other three team members acting as support. Just didn't seem robust enough in terms of attribute points, gear and difficulty. Even on easy. It just seems a game for people whom want to buy a strategy guide and follow a walk through for a good playthrough.Not recommended. not untill its price point meets the value of less than $20. Or they come out with cheat codes.The above being said, when downloaded it finally did play. But the game wasn't as impressive as the opening title screen. And that reminded me way too much of the good old Atari 2600 games where the art on the cartrige, was much more detailed and interesting than the games themselves.EDIT:STILL NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!Now given a release date of 9/19/14, surely the patching and install issues should of been fixed by now for a min spec machine. Sorry to say but no, no they have not. Just skip this title unless you own a PC that is a 4 core or higher. Same problems as original post but worse. Same turd nugget philosophy behind that, ""pay first and we'll see about maybe something playable later...maybe. Oooh more coffee money!!! :) ""As harsh as this review is, as of  9/11/14, all I have left to say about any ""launch"" on 9/19/14 is....IMPRESS ME. Right now other than a cool store page video, I'm not.Original Post:Not Worth It!Saw the videos on the store page. Bought into it. And what did I end up with? A $50+ screensaver. Doesn't play and is not patched to play at that time of sale for the very specific min system requirements.Not worth the gamble of an ""as is"" ""game"" that does not go much past a menu at a FIFTY DOLLAR PLUS pricepoint.The videos you see on the store page, is most likely not going to be the game ""as is"". So if your interested wait. Wait for both the price to come down, and the game to be finished. I'll be checking this games announcements on Steam for any information about Wasteland 2 being patched for the minimum system requirements. But as for right now the game does not play past the opening menu and the ranger selection screen.When it does I just might be able to play Wasteland 2, and write a favorable review. Till then, not worth the money. Please don't be fooled by the videos on the Steam Store. Thats not likely what your going to be able to play- after you pay first."
76561197996651574,Not Recommended,240760,11949010,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,bdgamer,"BLUF:  Good game, but not really a AAA title deserving of a $60 pricetag.This review is based off of roughly 15 hours of play  in late early access.  The game is quite playable, with a lot of variety and an interesting storyline.  Character development is solid, though the portrait snapshot feature needs some work and should be able to be updated later on in the game as well.  There are some definite annoying bugs, to include merchants suddenly becoming unaccessible, but nothing that I found truly gamebreaking.The real problem with the game is that it cost $60, when there are equally compelling titles (Shadowrun Returns, BG1/2 enhanced for example) that are excellent games and cost 1/3 of what this did.  The game should cost somewhere between $20-30, NOT the $60 that it does."
76561197977777592,Not Recommended,240760,8991305,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,☁Scoza,"Rigged with hundreds of glitches, poor dialogue and uninspiring plot; this game is a sham.   It might have inspired Fallout(has it really?) but this game is definately nothing like it.I'd give it a 4.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,240760,22530292,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,[#3] Marv Towel,Super game and a must have if you played the original Wasteland.   Runs great on Linux.
76561198096189119,Not Recommended,240760,12166942,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Fractured But Whole,"I thought most bugs and glitches were solved, yet I was wrong."
76561198073458221,Not Recommended,240760,10931859,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Blanko,"Found out about this kickstarter, added it to wishlist, was thinking about backing this title cause im an old fallout and isometric kinda games fan, next day the kickstarter price doubled and then i decided to wait! Untill this summer sale i have been following  this topic and finally decided to get it with the 30% discount. Thought id wait till final release with most bugs fixed and patched as it should be and all  but couldnt wait any longer and launched the game just to satisfy my interest and see what it ""looked like"" and i have to say - the graphics are disaster, absoulutely ugly, i watched the trailers and beta gameplay and all that, looked at the screenshots many times and i could tell the textures weren't great at all but seemed okay, didn't expect find out i was so wrong about it, it is much worse! Couldn't stand to play it more than half hour, that poor quality graphics is way too eye catching, disturbing i would say.  Sound seems to be on a pretty good level though and, UI after the fix seems to be okay now -but  not the best in my opinion. Can't go on about the mechanics and stuff for it prolly has a lot of bugs still and i wasn't planning to creating custom characters even, i just picked what ever characters game had to offer to save time and get a simple idea what the game is like from my own point of view. Whoever is thinking about getting it before release - my advice is to wait at least untill official release. They didn't get rid of that damn traveling globe you have to press to get to next area, it is so ugly. It's not just me saying no to things i personally don't like, i like the whole style but designers did horrible with maintaining some things in the apocalyptic theme in general. Needless to say poor design and terrible graphioocs on top of that just ruins it all for me. Hope the game will look better upon release."
76561197999416881,Not Recommended,240760,12188785,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Apocalypse,"Maybe Wasteland 2's massive open world and complete lack of guidance or direction is part of the appeal for this post-apocalyptic explorer RPG. It's just not for me.I'm nearly 20 hours into the game and I really have no idea what I'm suppose to be doing. I keep getting subtle hints as part of a seemingly blubbernig and poorly designed dialogue - but there's no solid mission. I have 'tasks' but the details behind the tasks are so vague that it's frustratingly difficult to  decipher WHERE to complete these tasks.Additionally, human weapons are unecessarily weak, or human players are entirely too strong. An M-14 Rifle (labelled as 5.56mm) that takes 3-5 rounds to kill someone is odd. Honeybadgers and other ridiculous animals that can take a massive amount of damage is also lame.To the developers credit - it is a massive gameworld and the levels are nicely designed. For the hardcore fans of Wasteland and the backers of the game, I'm glad it has seen the light of day. It's just not my cup of tea."
76561198149180451,Not Recommended,240760,12164979,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Gothic Maiden,"Honestly, dissapointing."
,Not Recommended,240760,18598777,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Bogor Represent!,"Wow... Looks good.Still boring as heck though. I would like to tag this as neutral, but I can't. Neutral doesn't mean positive though, so yeah."
76561198032761932,Recommended,240760,22482062,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Gigaxe,A fun RPG that takes a lot of inspiration from the original fallout games.One drawback is that a party needs a focused build for each member to max out each of the many skills.Some of these skills should have been combined to give more freedom to make different character builds.
,Recommended,240760,32198003,Posted: 5 June,all,hamsandwich,"i will start this of by saying i get board with gamers very quick and most games i will not play past 4-5 hours spread over about a week to two max before i through it out the window and never play it again, the only games so far to get me past 20 hours and upwards have been fallout series (specificly fallout 3) elder scrolls series (specificly skyrim and oblivion), diablo 2, age of empires, dawn of war dark crusade and supreme commander. thats it! this game has hit a home run to become one of my all time favourite games and would recommend it to anyone, the store line is great (and im not much for store line games), game play awesome, all round this game is epic and i know i will be putting in another 20 to 40+ hours yet :D"
76561197973055218,Not Recommended,240760,24743810,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Fiddlefox,"Built my squad around a varried skill tree, heavy on dialogue choices, replete with a specialized team leader and a gameplay concept of 'leave no stone unturned'.  Should have just put all my points in initiative, speed, pistols and energy weapons.  Never had enough points in any of the dialogue skills to unlock the 'big dialogue choices' leading to unique ends to certain confrontations.  Even with a specialized team leader and a squad of middle-of-the-road-charisma-types, I was never able to recruit more than a handful of NPCs found in the world (turns out none of them are worth the effort anyway, neither for awesome stats nor interesting personalities).Maybe I'm just not awesome enough (or Tactical RPG snob enough) but the game became simply not-fun in the second act, and I stopped playing.  It was partly the goofy factions that put me off (Mannerites) but also the difficulty curve.  We went from a gradual grade to a cliff-face in terms of the enemies I encountered, thanks to my squad's all-around average inititative and inferior weapons and armor (the best you could POSSIBLY find before starting the second act -I checked).Wanted to like this game, but I feel the developers made it for a niche market of indie title diehard types that I just do not belong to."
76561197990997572,Not Recommended,240760,17057533,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,cyllan2,"omg...........................after the reviews and the ""producer"" video...plus the steam videos .....i went with the critics 100% good reviews i bought it  .......50% of the players rated the game bad or very bad in metacritic..........i have 130 h on the game and i cant take it anymore........no markers for missions.......crap graphics 20 years old gameplay........how this game has been such a success.....is illogical..........the 50% players in metacritic were right...... i was wrong .....i unstalled after 130h.........cant force to do this s hi t anymoreyou only live once and fargo is an idiot...... and i dont care about fan idiots etc.......... read the reviews of the players.........3 months playing  and it not only a chore...it is a find the quest marker chore because the map is huge but pointless...after 130 hours i am lost in LA  and i got the rad suits but i am nowhere going anywhere.....more pointless crap after more crap.........it is like cleaning a pigs toilet daily and being happy because you get to interact with animals.........pathetic"
,Recommended,240760,8046034,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,haloguysm1th,"Best game ever... well of the year. i love the old fallout feel, but the super nice graphics. Overall i am very pleased with this, even though it is a little steap, its worth it for a amazing game, even with my .5 hours in the game (at the time of this review) i am allready in love with it, if it was a boxed copy, it would be right next to the original(one of my top 4 game) adn the first 2 fallouts."
76561198051316195,Not Recommended,240760,8704925,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,fos277mess,"The game is rubbish you dont see the characters and it crashes when you move from ocation to location wish I hadn't purchased it ,the game is just not worth it.  Can you get a refund ?"
,Recommended,240760,28161018,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,BR BARDO,"After 58 hours playing this game, I wanted to write a review, but I couldn't because I installed the Director's Cut and it would only let me if I installed the original version. I like this game so much that I went ahead and installed the original Wasteland 2 to write about it.Easily one of the best games I've played this year. This coming from a CRPG fan who loves Fallout 1 and Pillars of Eternity. There are few games today with this kind of mechanics and setting, and it is for me one of the best, of course not without its flaws and bugs, but none interfering so much with the experience.Wasteland 2 is a party-based, tactical turn-based CRPG set in a post apocalyptic environment in a devastated Arizona (and later Los Angeles). You have the option to highly customize up to four member of your squad or choose amongst pre-made characters. During the game you recruit several other NPCs to join your team. This game is not text heavy like Pillars of Eternity, it gives you a good deal of text to read, but very manageable. Working with the CLASSIC attribute configuration (Coordination, Luck, Awareness, Strength, Speed, Intelligence and Charisma), you are free to make dozens of different builds, from heavy artillery guy to tech expert to sniper doctor. One nice thing is that you find good use to most of the skills along the game, and most weapons as well are pretty useful (Energy Weapons are very useful later in the game, not so much in the beginning).Choices in this game do not necessarily alter the course of the future, but it's very interesting how you can decide who lives and who dies, who deserves and who doesn't. This makes up for tough decisions and replayability in case you want to make different choices. One tip: Don't do a lot of saving and loading just to see different choices and take the best one; part of the fun is to be able to deal with the consequences of your acts. This is Wasteland, not the Wonderland!THE GREAT- Tactical Turn-Based Combat is very well executed. The ability to split your party, flank the enemy, get behind cover and start some massive shooting is pretty exciting. Grenades and rockets are a MUST for the fun and also to get out of trouble! Many of the encounters are very well made and challenging.- Choices! It'll generally come in the form of you between two gangs, groups or communities fighting each other and you'll have to decide to partner with one, promote peace or kill them all. You don't get that feeling that your choices affect the game in the long run, but the short term is exciting enough, and you can decide key points in the middle of the story.- Tough fights! Getting into a fight with 10 armed guys and/or many robots and getting out alive is pretty satisfying.THE GOOD- The mood and post apocalyptic environment are very immersive- Narrative and dialogues are well made and fun to read, despite some bad acting from some characters.- Music: Some of the music stick into your head (at least in mine) and they set the tone very well.- Random encounters in World Map become monotonous, but they are usually good and not very long.- Quirks and Perks system added to the Director's Cut version may add some juice, especially Perks that you earn each 4 levels; You choose Quirks in the character creation and pretty much forget about them (unless you chose the lightning bolt...)THE BAD- Poor character progression; There is not enough gear to collect during the game. Armor/clothes especially, the different looks you can get is pretty much the same you could've got in the character creation. Some characters may spend quite a while with the same weapon. You do not perceive individual character evolution very well. In the beginning you can use Safecracking skill to try and open a safe with 61% chance; 50 hours in the game you can try and open another safe - looking exactly like that one - with 61% chance and a much improved Safecracking skill. You spend points and in many cases your experience doesn't change.- Player Characters lack personality. See Pillars of Eternity for example, where you have main characters with their own personalities and agenda, plus the ability to hire and customize other characters. In Wasteland 2, You can create your characters, but they don't have personality, only the later recruits do, and it's still just generally some stereotype. Some characters are fun and interesting; many are not, and you won't care about them very much.- Bugs: You'll se them all around, be in the original version or Director's Cut; floating weapons in the hands of your characters, camera that always resets its position once you change area, delayed or mute voice dialogues and so on... none of them ruins the gameplay though.Overall, excellent game for CRPG fans. Played and loved Fallout? Then get this game now!9\10"
,Not Recommended,240760,34103947,Posted: 8 August,all,Javahyls,"**This is a product review for the Director's Cut version, in which I have spent 38 hours at the time of writing. But I can't place a review there.**The atmosphere in this game is amazing, each settlement you visit is a unique location tied to a back story. Characters often have a history themselves, knowing people from other settlements and having an opinion about them. The game itself however, is very bad. It crashes often during loading, looks like it was made in 2008 and it has a large amount of tediousness connected to the gameplay as well as things that are just not very well thought out. I bought the game because I like XCOM and I wanted to have a similar game in a different setting that could run on my Linux computer. But I was wrong, this game was nothing like XCOM and it didn't even work that well on Linux.Pros:* Good atmosphere.* Settlements are unique and exciting.* Plot twists!* Simple graphics (which is a pro for me since it means it ran on my computer just fine).* First run took about 38 hours.* The end is pretty cool, all the friends you made gather to defeat the common enemy.Cons:* Frequent crashes during loading of locations.* Achievements didn't work for me.* One of my characters had the 'Raised in the Circus' quirk and had to run around in a non-removable clown costume the whole game.* There are a lot of useless skills that you only need once during the whole game (or not at all). In addition, you might find followers that have overlapping skills with your core rangers making your first runthrough very inefficient.* Invisible walls of radiation block you from going to certain areas in the overworld.* Characters will gladly shoot through walls for you.* You can't walk through allies. So I had one melee character with high initiative which was often stuck between other rangers. This could have been avoided by allowing allies to move past each other on the same square.* Sometimes you finish a quest before talking to the quest giver, who then promptly gives you the reward. Or the other way around: someone assumes you heard about X before when you didn't even talk about X.* You can't throw away quest items. You can buy multiple rad suits in the beginning (which I did because I thought the bonus stacked), but then you can't dispose of them since they are quest items. Same goes for items for quests that have been finished already.* AFAIK during an ambush you do not spent AP but you can still get the Slayer perk  (no AP spent) triggered, which seems useless to me.* Often the quickest solution to a quest is just to shoot everyone. The quests often involve a lot of walking around clicking on things which make them really tiresome to do.* The enemy can surprise you before you can surprise them in most cases.* In the end you need to have your whole squad specialised in one specific skill in order to be able to defeat the game with ease, which is a shame.* Combat gets repetitive, even with the different types of enemy squads you encounter.* If you free aim a shotgun you have a better chance to hit multiple enemies (or less allies).I bought the game for 10 euro, I wouldn't recommend buying it at any higher price because of the bugs. Most notably the crashes made the game really hard to play. I'll be looking forward to seeing what Wasteland 3 brings, and I hope they will fix the issues in this game."
,Recommended,240760,8612347,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Sarah-tang,"Great Game, 4.5 Stars"
76561198027525624,Recommended,240760,32874369,Posted: 27 June,all,crowax78,"A good classic rpg game, love it!"
76561197985589039,Recommended,240760,10016747,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"It is a good game, but remember it is early access and there is ALOT to add and fix and balance.For example, i always run out of fricken ammo, that is so anoying and game breaking.Also the garden place is terrible so so tedious to play, just skip that one and go for the HighPool area.Even highpool is tedious, having to return there and run all the way upto the top over and over.But i can not wait till there has been a few major updates as the game is seriously looking my type of game. All minuses aside the game is fun to play to play in parts but it does need more content.How about letting us build our own base/hideout and kitting it out with stuff and manpower etc?In my eyes the obvious standouts that this game needs is the following:1 A Closer zoom with a slight Tilt on the camera.2 Better (alot better) character models (they are pretty horrible looking).3 More, lots more customizing options (also some smerchants ingame selling appearance changing items/clothes)."
76561197975380105,Recommended,240760,30588172,Posted: 18 March,all,KiloAlpha,"Absolutely amazing game.  Story driven, interesting characters and great tactical combat."
,Recommended,240760,8051588,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,BoydofZINJ,I am enjoying the pre-release beta so far.  It is similar to part 1 and does not hold your hands as most RPGs do.  It is similar to the classic with updates.   The combat is similar to X-COM - old school combat with action points.  I am pleased with the game so far and if the release has tons of content this will be an AWESOME game indeed!
,Not Recommended,240760,14945808,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,M. Night Shyamalan,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 30, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
,Recommended,240760,22650455,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,LP STorytime,"Wasteland 2 throws you into post-apocalyptic turn-based combat.The story isn't anything new; a land being ravaged, once again, by a robot army. The story flows nicely, being held up by interesting characters and a variety of environments which you explore. As the setting begins to become stale, you are thrown into a new part of post-apocalyptic America to continue your journey.Leading a squad you have created through each new location of the game, the areas and enemies change frequently enough that it all feels new. With the different combinations of weapons and skills for your characters moving you forward to the next slew of combat.Combat is strong in this game. The variety in your strategy is determined by the development of your characters and the new enemies thrown your way. Whether keeping a sniper in cover on a hilltop or rushing forward a bruiser with a crowbar, there is plenty of variety inbetween. Any combat scenario you encounter can be approached in a number of different ways.If you enjoy post-apocalyptic landscapes and turn-based RPG's, buy this game."
76561198030733406,Recommended,240760,12624405,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Hans CakeStealer,If you find yourself unable to play anything else this is a must buy
,Not Recommended,240760,19238618,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Gonzo,"Wasteland 2's (minor spoiler) synthetic people and plant zombies hit a sci-fi sweetspot, but the last 3rd to half chugs at a stymied pace. The under-the-hood crit/to-hit chances belie the simple combat interface, making fights feel like legitimate slogs in some damnable radioactive dust somewhere.   The assault rifles were way too OP though.  (I assume that got fixed in the director's cut.)This game is ugly.  Butt-ugly.  I don't need fancy graphics where there is depth.  Crap, I'd even play Dominions 4 if I didn't already suck at Civ and Total War, but there are no consistent themes nor cutesy art-house gimmicks to defray the poor graphics.  You also spend a lot of time opening and closing containers for loot that is unmemorable.With turn-based/tactical games making a comeback, it's difficult to overly praise Wasteland 2.  Based on my 200+ hours with it, there are better games out there.  Underrail, Xcom, Pillars of Eternity, or Space Rangers HD a War Apart are all better and most of those are sci-fi, too, if that is your thing."
,Recommended,240760,11900070,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Narf,I looted a used condom and a nudie magazine off a dead guy. 10/10
,Not Recommended,240760,19008375,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,jimwinsor,"I really wanted to like this game, and I tried really hard to do so. But in the end its numerous flaws were too pungent to ignore:1) A really dumb combat system. Now don't get me wrong, there are tactics involved, mainly dealing with the positioning of your characters in such a way as to avoid friendly fire. But that's about it. The rest of it is just standing in open ground, and plugging and/or slashing away at the nearest target.Yes there is a smattering of ""cover"" here and there you can shield yourself from fire with, but animals and melee units are able to pretty much run up to you in one turn with impunity, and attack you regardless. And they always seem to run up to you in such a way as to place your other characters in the line of fire, necessitating you to move away to avoid friendly fire.So yeah, there are ""tactics"" here, an elaborate dance where you move your guys around the map in such a way as to shoot the enemy without shooting your teammates in the back. Ie, tactics that bear no resemblance to combat tactics in real life.2) The artwork is just cheap, horrible and amateurish. And some of the portraits don't match the character descriptions, and many are reused for other characters, just simply destroying game immersion. For a $40 buck game, the consumer deserves better.3) The number of times you have to go back to a previous save because you accidentally triggered combat with friendly NPCs is utterly frustrating, and just indicative of a terrible design.Like I said, and really wanted to like this game. The original turn-based Fallout games were some of my all time favorites back in the day, and I was so hoping this game would pick up the torch. Instead they fumbled it."
76561197985366097,Not Recommended,240760,13786393,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,closetSniper,"Two days, three crashes"
,Recommended,240760,12178445,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Kane2k (fin),Just like Skyrim  with guns. lel
,Recommended,240760,23513177,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Jdog0799,I was skeptical about this game at first but after a while I found that it's really fun! I highly reccomend it.
,Not Recommended,240760,21090062,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Araguil,boring and not fun..........waste of my money :c
76561198082323874,Recommended,240760,13410556,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,EddieBumble,Tried to brake down a fence with the brute force skill... failed and broke all my toes.10/10
,Not Recommended,240760,20497189,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Douglas Quaid,Game feels as empty and unpolished as a real nuclear apocolypse would be. Crticize the game and the neckbeards will call you soft core.YOU GOTTA BE HARD CORE TO PLAY THISONETWOTHREEFOURILOVETHEMARINECORE
76561198072748762,Not Recommended,240760,16368119,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,bun1234,this is♥♥♥♥♥♥i dont can play it :(
76561198035761819,Recommended,240760,23522985,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,sirzardoz,Pretty good game so far.
76561197976700970,Not Recommended,240760,12331461,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Webrider,"I really have to disagree with the way they treat the Christian religion, they were afraid to slight any other religion.  They really tore Christianity a new one. Other then that which is a big thing the game is good. But I just cant give it a thumbs up and I don't write many reviews. If they had treated Islam like they did the Christians they would have shown some spine as it is they only took on the nice religion and treated it like ISIS is acting now. I think they should have used a fanasy post appoloptic religion to use, I don't get bent out of shape that easily."
76561198009506875,Recommended,240760,19809880,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Roscoetoo,\m/ \m/
76561198037453808,Recommended,240760,8085627,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,koljin999,"Great game, lots of throw backs to the first game. Has a very Fallout Tactics feel, only better. worth the money"
76561197967937252,Recommended,240760,8438825,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,QsR*-entrails_770,I am really enjoying this but then its a throback to the days of great prg well worth hitting the rollercoaster now if you liked any of the ultimas and origional fallout games.
,Recommended,240760,9985294,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,slickwolf,"It does not work on old graphic cards (The one I use is Geforce 9400m 256mb, macbook)imho, this type of game should work well with old generation graphic cards (from at least 2007)if shadowrun could make it, this game too.a great potential.... but too bad... it is unplayable on old systems.i will play this game again maybe if i could get a better system. maybe.(honestly, i do not want to get a new system just to play one game lol because it will taken up space in my room)peace"
76561197971315126,Not Recommended,240760,19357354,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,gnomeansgnome,"The combat is tiring, tedious, and will put you too sleep. The battles take too much time.The questing system is over-comlicated.A bit of a dissapointment."
76561198038672272,Recommended,240760,12723065,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,AlexSF,"Thank God the game crashes all the time, otherwise I would never stop playing it..."
76561198007339635,Recommended,240760,12956646,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,rewth,honey badger nutsacks... nuff said.
,Recommended,240760,27223297,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,***,"Good gameplay, story, factions, loot, party based.Overall great turnbased RPG."
,Not Recommended,240760,18942416,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,LemonFire,"Amazing game, loved every minute I was playing it, that is untill I did something i thought would be funny and detonated a nuke inside my own headquarters killing everybody inside. However when the dust settled a new screen came up with a huge spoiler explanining to me in full detail the answer to the mystery behind your mission to find a fellow soldier's killer that ruined the entire game for me. If your going to punish a player for doing fun actions in your game, whats the point in the letting them do it in the first place?I will never finish this game and I will never purchase another game from this developer again if thay insest on hiding spoilers in there games and making me feel like i have wasted my money.If you do decide to buy and play this game i suggest you don't do anything fun as it might contain a huge spoiler behind it."
76561198081886606,Recommended,240760,18404310,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,rj69541,this game is the best isometric perspective game out there!
,Recommended,240760,10942940,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gusty,So looking forward to this game being finished. It's just like classic Fallout games for anyone a fan of Fallout. However unlike Fallout and certain other elaborate wide open sandboxes you will be getting radio distress signals that much tell you that events aren't going to wait for you before playing out on their own elsewhere.
,Recommended,240760,8905427,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Dr Bright,"So far the games been great fun to play.  I am yet to encounter bugs, though I know they'll be out there and the developers really connect with their customers and fans.I recommend this to any fan of the fallout series and RPG's in general."
76561197999302155,Recommended,240760,12467794,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Jacob N.,The way fallout 3 should have been....
76561198121136598,Recommended,240760,15919872,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Talon,I really have not been able to play this much but it is a really in depth game from what I have seen.
76561198062437629,Recommended,240760,14748760,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,EdCr0w,"I really like this game. I really want to play this game. However I am not tech savy enough to reconfigure my video drivers to render the rendering into a playable state. Pretty sure this should be a job for the devolpers not the consumers. I don't know code, I don't understand why/how a game this low-fi lags to the point of frusteration. Tune That Engine Gentlemen please. I'll check back in another couple months to see if it get another patch."
76561198028551172,Recommended,240760,16907996,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Special Snowflake,"this game is fantastic, dont miss it!"
76561198106312655,Recommended,240760,16145050,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,davems,"loooooooooove it sooooooooooooo much, glichy tho, but it is amasing"
,Recommended,240760,14232202,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Dr. Sloth,great game
76561198035605738,Recommended,240760,11312064,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,rayconismike,"Wasteland 2 is very much like Jagged Alliance and Fallout Tactics  with beautiful gaphics.PLS IMPROVE THE GAME I SPEND GOOD MONEY SO I HOPE IT WOULD BE WORTH MY CASH AND TIME.1. I love the 2 games mentioned above.As mentioned by other the AI is DA!,....Enemies are dumb and stupid.2. There is no fear in taking enemies out. You Just want to kill them where you stand and advance to the next stage.3. Fallout Tactics enemies were much better AND IF THEY WERE TO REMAKE FALLOUT TACTICSWITH THIS GRAPHICS ENGINE I WOULD BUY THE GAME.4. (IN ALL JAGGED ALLIANCE GAMES / FALLOUT TACTICS & WASTELAND I HATE THE FACT THAT""ENEMY WEAPONS"" DISSAPER AFTER YOU KILL THEM...WHY)?I REALLY CANT UNDERSTAND WHY THIS IS DONE. IT JUST FORCES YOU TO DO A MONEY CHEATJUST SO AS TO SEE WHAT WEAPONS ARE AVAILIABLE)5. (IF YOU WANT TO MAKE THE GAME MORE CHALLENGING THEN INCREASE THE NUMBER OF ENEMIES)6. (INCREASE AMMO, HEALTH PACKS, INCREASE THEIR HIT POINTS INCREASE ENCOUNTERS, GET ENEMIES TO CHASEYOU IF YOU ESCAPE AN ENCOUNTER)7. (BOXES ETC...CONTAIN RUBBISH FOR LOOT! WHY BOTHER OPENING THEM UP, IT KILLS THE ANTICIPATION OR SUPRISE FOR LOOKING FOR THESE ITEMS)8. ENEMY STRONG HOLDS ARE SAFE EXCEPT FOR THE ENEMIES PRESENT, WHY NOT HAVE AREAS BOBBY TRAPPED CAUSETHAT WILL MAKE YOU THINK CAREFULLY WHEN MOVING)9. Randomise weapons that enemies have, from pistols to sub-machine guns to heavy machune guns to sniper rifles,hey its the wasteland its suppose to be murderous.10. Half Way home for our Rangers so that they can keep their loot, extra guns, ammo..etc..11. Vendors or Traders stock is weak, increase whats availiable...its really sad that by the time you reach the end of thegame is when you finally going to get good weapons, were suppose to be the rangers, were suppose to have a weapon stock pile, we should have ammo, weapons, armor, med kit availiable for purchase.12. Enemies should have, knifes, swords, AK's / M16s / Shotguns / a varity of hand guns from the on set.13. Wasteland 2 is about survival, the log book doesnt help cause I got to keep running around trying ti figure outwhos where and how to do this and that example the fixing the radio tower at rail nomads.14. Dont be mistaken I do appreciate games like this, however based on all other games out there now you guysshould already have an idea what gamers want.15. I have played Jagged Alliance 2...5 Times and its still on my computer, Fallout Tactics 3 times...include mods.. andthese games will never die!16. Wasteland 2 can be like the games I mentioned you just got to tweak it, its not free its cost money I'm willing to payso make my day."
76561197978308418,Not Recommended,240760,19947902,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Kwisatzhaderach,Crash... crash.... crash......
76561197986104232,Recommended,240760,15847284,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,dosterenator,Its a good game
76561198006465142,Recommended,240760,13018131,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Lexeboy,"One of the best RPG games I've played in so many years. The textures are lush, there is so much attention to detail, and there is such a beautiful atmosphere developed within the game. I love the constant spurt of the radio static and the weird calls from crazies who inhabit the Wasteland.There is so much love been put into this game and it puts a lot more 'modern' games to shame for their lack care at the prodcut they've released. Recommend this to anyone who wants to be enveloped in a great story."
76561198070226905,Recommended,240760,19715109,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,starkfallen,Started to talk with people from my job like they were NPCs from the game...
76561197996988867,Recommended,240760,12119923,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,savagehart,Best. Game. This. Year. So. Far. :)
,Recommended,240760,12149280,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,crcruz3,It's a Masterpiece.
76561197960810145,Recommended,240760,16803513,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,HachiRokuMack,good
76561197978130467,Recommended,240760,12149439,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,GypsyGoos3,"This game is absolutely brilliant and beautiful, and will definitely keep you away from your girlfriend for endless hours untill she dumps you, cause you just can't put this game down....."
,Recommended,240760,24757171,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Naofumi,Good game dumped a surprising amount of time into it.
76561198080833647,Recommended,240760,30088951,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,So entertaining.
76561198117719555,Recommended,240760,15790507,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,info,"Yes its karma again with another wtf review from hell, Loovvveee this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up game some real wtf moments in it totally in fargoes style and an ambitiouse breakaway from the norm in  croud funded games i mean he actually completed his on time and in good order (lotta other wanabee devs out their could learn a thing or two from these boys and girls in public relations and timely deliverance of a promised product)well done lads  n lasses my fallout tactics itch is sooo scratched and satisfied im giddy with pleasure.only one problem ( oh boy here it comes sheesh!) how is it when ammo is so wretchedly scarce is every second box trapped with explosives i mean is there an explosives plant still producing somewhere? woulda seemed a little more rarety and a lot more severity on the damage woulda gone a lot further to get the wasteland feel right but apart from those presumed fluffs im all for this trip into kill all the bad guys with a smile and a blood curdling death scream and a hole messa dakadakadakadaka"
,Recommended,240760,14476528,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Hummelmann,"Fittingly ironic that the true successor to the Fallout series is, in fact, what the Fallout series itself succeeded.If you like Fallout and Fallout 2, buy this game and enjoy."
,Recommended,240760,33752151,Posted: 23 July,all,My_Monkey_Balls,"Was almost getting sick of it until the end.Feels like very open and that coices matters in the beginning, but further down you notice how linear and unremerkable are your choices.Cool mechanics and fight anyway."
76561197971515855,Recommended,240760,33630675,Posted: 18 July,all,IntelJoe,"Wasteland 2 brought to you by people that made the original Fallout and Fallout 2. This game brings me back to what an RPG really is.Don't expect crazy graphics or insane combat. This game is an RPG, when combat is planed and tactical. Tons of dialogue. And you have to dive yourself in to the game and setting"
76561197974440065,Recommended,240760,12543919,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Made Man,"Wasteland 2 is a great old school CRPG. Brian Fargo is the man, really glad they are starting to make CRPG how they used to be. If you miss classics like Fallout, Baulder's Gate, Planescape: Torment, Icewind Dale,  series then this is a must have. Kickstarter is allowing game developers to make games they really want too without those chicken sh_t publishers trying to micro manage how they do it. Brian Fargo is back, InXile will be making some really great CRPG already working on Torment: Tides of Numenera which continues the thematic legacy of Planescape: Torment. Also them boys at Obsidian Entertainment are working on a other old school feel CRPG Pilliar's of Eternity check it out if you haven't already. Would like to thank Kickstarter for allowing these game developer's to make a PC game the way they want to. Well back to Wasteland 2 here are my +/-  for the game.+ Old School Feel+ Isometric Turned Based+ Excellent story writing+ Meaningful choices+ Rich Lore+ Party design options+ Tactical combat- The Intro, Brian Fargo with the Fallout intro's were the best ever, blew the intro to wasteland 2- Graphics are dated, would like too see some of these old school crpg developers make a modern Isometric engine- Not enough character creation portrait's- Some glitches"
76561198030865619,Recommended,240760,8109289,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,James the Dark,Wow! If the finished game is anything like the beta it will be the game many of us have been hoping for. The original Wasteland  updated for today.
76561198026892903,Recommended,240760,13892791,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Bijat,Only have a few things to say...firstly uf your not into this kind of turned based party RPG...i dont understand why u are here...but gotta warn also becuse theres alot of dialog and only a few % is voiced so u gotta read qute alot...the main problem i have with alot of thease games...tons and tons of text...and if u dont read it u will have verry little idea whats going on..after 55h i have no idea were im suppose to go or do. There is a quest log but its pritty generic info aabout the quests..and most of the time only info about what u have done not what u need to do. so for ppl that like to read alot this is a pritty good RPG i guess
,Recommended,240760,12275857,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Rob'sEvilTwin,"What Fallout 3 should have been - isometric, turn based, and will kick your♥♥♥♥♥♥if you don't put some thought into it."
76561198032282758,Recommended,240760,12810271,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Karhi,If you are a fan of the Fallout series and you dont play this game then your ♥♥♥♥ing crazy!
,Recommended,240760,27761919,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,baddot,Would tip cow again 10/10
76561198031168345,Recommended,240760,28213532,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kirus,Awesome isometric RPG must buy!
,Recommended,240760,12222726,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Konrad,Re-makes can be awesome!  This is just an amazing return. I highly recommend this game. It's a tough and unforgiving place in the wasteland. Noobs need not venture there.
,Recommended,240760,12534310,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Slammus,"Lets cut to the chase shall we? Youre here looking to see if this game is ball or if its worth you hard earned steam munnies. I wont sugar coat it honey, these are simple facts.When it comes to survival, it is a little lacking unless played on harder difficulties. The fact that you get 4 team mates to help out means you can distribute the skills accordingly so no skill-based action will be difficult. You've got your basics skills: your doctor, your blowey-uppey guy, you smooth talker, and your hackey-stealy guy. Basically if you could make four Fallout characters at once. Not to mention the game hands you extra characters that have the skills you thought were useless (get to the native american girl, you'll see) and there ya go. Free pass. In fact the only reason you may lose a fight is if you sold all yer loot for a badass pistol so you can kill even MORE people in 1-2 shots. Food is nothing, and water is not hard to find. literally. its the easiest thing if you allocate more than 3 points to your outdoorsey character.Next the fighting. Like i said before, 1-2 shots if you dont miss. This is changed alot by the difficulty, and reloading, but in all honesty those of you actually using this review to see if you want to buy the game will not be starting on sooper-gawdmode-h4x level. The fighting is simple and repetitive. the only changes are a cycle between four-five level schemes per fighting area and the enemies fought. oh theres some big toads that steal yer guns beeteedubs. so theres that. But when it comes to this game, do not buy it for the fighting.On to gameplay. This game is a good immerser, regardless of the simplicity of it all i felt actually effected by decisions i made in game, and you do not get long before you start getting those decisions. The story thus far is decent, but i havent beaten the game quite yet. ill get back to ye on tha one m8.Graphics, dont even. they are okay but you know.... just okay.Lets Recap:Survival: 3/10While you may have to skip things because you dont have the skill, you could come back later. Water is abundant, food is unneccesary, and health packs are literally everywhere. Unless on a harder difficulty that is.Fighting: 4/10While sometimes fun, it gets quite dull and repetitive. Dont be surprised when you inwardly/outwardly groan when some foamy mouthed bandits decide to try and jump you with STICKS without taking into account that you are all wearing armor made of super-metal. Just keep that mouse hovered over ""Sneak past em m8""Story/immersion: 8/10The story is well written, the choices are set in stone and there is normally no wrong answer. with side quests everywhere you can always expect to have one or two things to do at one time.All in all, if you're looking for a good action story in which you shoot da baddies, then go right ahead and click that buy button. The story is quite literally the only reason im rating this up, but by no means is it a bad game.Toodles~"
76561198027297781,Not Recommended,240760,18964622,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,emperorzeb,"I really wanted to like this, seeing as how I enjoyed Wasteland 2, but there were just too many damned problems and bugs to justify buying at the current price.The updates to the base game were generally very good, although the merchant UI has been dramatically worsened in this version. I only sunk about ten hours into it so I can't say whether the balance issues with late game weapons were ever resolved (at least in W2, Assault Rifles were just too good by the end).But the bugs...oh, the bugs. Considering that W2 launched with bugs, you would think that there would have been some effort to give this a relatively clean launch. No such luck. They've resolved the missing companions bug, although it took close to three weeks to fix a bug that stopped many people from playing altogether. That combined with save errors, visual stuttering, and finally something that stopped me from being able to launch the game at all got me to quit and give up.If you're reading this, pick it up in a year when the price has come down and they've fixed most of the bugs."
76561197965521219,Not Recommended,240760,20312709,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,VaiVictus,"I loved Wasteland 2 when it came out, I even beat the game well before any good updates/patches hit the game.  Despite the broken quest lines it was quite enjoyable.However it seems the Directors Cut won't even play, it just crashes?   The original still plays just fine but Director's Cut doesn't want to play.Another peeve is while I couldn't play the Director's Cut I was able to play enough to do some character creation.  I noticed that it seems some of the clothing schemes in particular to the female character.  Perhaps it was done to be less objectifying of women but the female model in this black skin suit was drastically changed, it actually looks terrible.I'd be happy to recommend this if the Dev's would actually fix it.  I was actually looking forward to seeing what is different or improved and hopeuflly fixed quest lines in the second half of the game."
76561198061874953,Recommended,240760,23530140,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,sidney_carvalho,reminds me of commandos
,Recommended,240760,18366598,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ach00,i need to finishtthis 2 xd
,Not Recommended,240760,33410980,Posted: 9 July,all,Kyrottimus,"Too slow, too cumbersome.  Ridiculously short firearm range (""sniper"" rifle has a range of about 20m), player characters miss about 90% of the time, regardless of how high the hit% was showing.  Gameplay felt restrictive and monotonous.  Not very immersive.I really don't get what all the hype is about.  It's possible most people liked it because they've never played the score of far superior games that are out there.  It bored me to tears.Some examples of GOOD Tactical Turn-Based RPGs: X-COM: Enemy Unknown, X-COM 2, Shadowrun Returns, Baldur's Gate 2, Icewind Dale, Pillars of Eternity, etc.Wasteland 2: Director's Cut.  At least the character customization was decent and the map screen was kinda cool.  Overall, meh.  2/10[NOTE: I had to install the library listing of ""Wasteland 2"" and ran it for at least 5 minutes to write this review since it was not allowing me to write a review for the library listing of ""Wasteland 2: Director's Cut,"" of which I had ~2 hours of gameplay]"
76561198081830364,Not Recommended,240760,23545645,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,peangle,"I downloaded the free trial over the weekend and loved it. Fallout+Baldurs Gate with better graphics/dialog.I tried to purchase the game this morning and Steam wouldn't let me (listed as already purchased in my library, and no, I don't have automatic purchases enabled on my steam account). I'm an honest person so I opened a ticket with Steam support and received no answer to my problem (me wanting to purchase this game). I get home from work and now the game is listed as full price to purchase instead of the sale price. The game was sitting in my cart to purchase but now has been deleted.I don't recommend this game or any other from Steam if they can't give you the sale price after playing the free demo. Support from Steam is non-existant for paying customers as far as I can tell. The response from them was for me to visit their user forums.I do have a happy ending, I just purchased the game from GoG for 19.99."
,Recommended,240760,12169474,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,a real king,So much to explore... so little time.It's like Fallout 2 except without the whole fallout charm. A more modern take on the original Wasteland.Still need to rely on luck to accurately shoot people though.
76561198018776982,Not Recommended,240760,26684246,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,[TUF],"i5 4570, 2x4gbddr3, gtx770, win10 64No issues with Ultra Graphics Settings.Am I the only person that didnt like this game?Pros: Making Characters.Cons: Playing those characters."
76561198002971567,Not Recommended,240760,18276735,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,bombastinator,"I only just learned of the upcomming DLC so this is likely too late, but whiule the game is very good, it has some glaring drive-me-insane issues, and it sounds like the directors cut is not addressing them.  The changes made to directors cut I have read about, while nice do not sound like thery fix these issues.1) random and innacurate weapon behavior.  Someone appears to have assumed that the older a weapon is the worse it's performance.  While this is true in IT, it is NOT true of any weaponry made after about 1930, when powder technology matured the way cpu technology did in around 2008.  improvements are incremental.What changes is the method of warfare, and therefore you have weapons tailored to different types of combat.  If the type of combat gotten into is of an older fashoin newer weapons often UNDER PERFORM older ones.  The type of round fired is much more important to performance than gun design.The various weapons have names of current models, but they do not follow the actual properties of these weapons at all.The M2 is not a small bore machine gun. it fires .50bmg not 22cal ammunititon.  You could fit the intore barrel of a >5.56mm weapon inside the bore of a 12mm gun like the m2.this is actually a pretty easy fix.  A renaming and a new description are all that are required.  You could modify an m2 very easily to fire small bore ammunition.  It's a straight blowback weapon with huge pieces.  making stuff smaller is much easier than adding metal, so it could concievelably be a normal conversion for 50cals with worn out parts.It was designed origionally as an anti tank weapon, and cannot even be fired from a light vehicle without risking tipping the thing over.  It should be at the top of the food chain rather than the bottom, and have an incredibly high strength requirement.the 5.56 is actually a very powerful high pressure round.  Using it as a base ammo is a bit silly.  remington 223 is similar but lower pressure and civilian weapons like hunting rifles designed for 223 are often incapable of firing 5.56, though generally a 5.56 gun is capable of firing 223.meanwhile the easiest to produce, most common longest produced round in existance which DOES fit the characteristics of the low end weapons is the .22 long rifle round.  There ARE assault type rifles that use it, by far the most common in the US where the game is set being the ruger 10/22.  it si effectively identical to the m14 so the same models could be used.Meanwhile the m1 garand is not a 5.56mm weapon but 30.06 or 7.62 weapon, and is really a fast firing sniper rifle.2) The game's randomisztion and travel sytem requires huge amounts of reloading and downtime to play.Loot in theis game is massively random.  to the point that game difficulty is more dependant on random chest results than difficulty level or player ability.  As a result, the only effective way to play the game is saving/reloading on chests.  repeatedly.  I would say I spend 80% of playtime repeatedly opening the same chest, or digging the same hole.  also, spending 20 minutes following a tortise?!  There must be someone on staff who treasures the unparraleed joy of rush hour traffic or something."
76561198020815947,Recommended,240760,10463927,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,John Blackstone,"This is reall groovy, yeah."
76561197986641007,Not Recommended,240760,16018072,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,nosmaclear,"-I rather liked the game, but found it impossible to play without reading guides to create the near-perfect group setup. Even then, save-scumming isn't something that a retro game design should promote as a byproduct of its design."
,Recommended,240760,8652719,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Cthulhu,"If you like the feel of the old fallout games, with updated interface and combat, this is the game for you. It's a little pricy at the moment, and it IS still in testing phase, but this is a fantastic re-imagining of a classic game genre.10/10"
,Recommended,240760,8133725,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,FattyKraken,"If you like WS1, or hell best game ever made (fat man's opinion, man) Fallout 2, this game is going to fill that god-damn needed niche. Right now? Its not even a full game, bugs everywhere, not optimized, UI seems shoddy, graphics need some help, new updates will be breaking save files let me say again NEW UPDATES BREAKING SAVE FILES, but again its the beta. Ive been waiting a year to play the beta, and try and help make it top notch. So, not right at this time for most, but god yes I recommend."
76561198031128292,Recommended,240760,8361627,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Vanat,"Good Game. For fans from Fallout 1, 2 & Tactics + Wasteland 1, I say YES ! Of course it has still bugs and glitches and many things to improve but it's worth to buy and suggest improvements or/and report bugs. On release day you will buy this anyway so buy it now and enjoy early!! Recommend !!!!"
,Recommended,240760,8051263,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ajvolkman,"The game has plenty of bugs as you'd expect for a beta, but it is in a very playable condition and a lot of fun.  Don't buy if you only just meet the minimum specs or the game will run ridiculously slow."
,Not Recommended,240760,19378554,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Psiursus,This is incredibly boring. The only thing keeping me awake while playing was the random and terrifying sounds they made come out of nowhere at 300% volume.
,Recommended,240760,9997440,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Nafyo,I have problem with the when i encounter an Enemy. It won't end tuns to other squad Rangers.
,Not Recommended,240760,12824949,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,outlawpickle,not the XCOM style turn based fun I expected
76561198080673236,Recommended,240760,10287453,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Borboro,one name. brian fargo. that is all.
76561198042072514,Recommended,240760,10201555,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,H.honor,its good for old school fallout fans
76561197989224389,Not Recommended,240760,31781790,Posted: 15 May,all,Thundar,"A real challenge,  It's so challenging that I gave up and don't wanna play anymore.Pros:has a real survival feel to it.Cons:Trying to keep ammo supplied becomes a chore.  First aid kits and survival supplies same complaint.  Even the easy mode is tiresome.Some quests are overly confusing leading to alot of running around the desert burning up supplies needlessly.Too much reliance on reloading save games everytime one of your teammates dies, slows the game down alotOver hyped.  The advertisments are misleading about what you are getting.  This is NOT fallout 3!"
76561198001069507,Not Recommended,240760,20054244,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,voltage,"Got to say maybe i havent played enough but the game seems too be lacking badly. I'm one of the original players of Fallout 2 and 1 and have replayed them many times even gotten the secret bible at the end withought internet walkthoughts. Fallout 2 and 1 never had a bad angle of the camera, here this♥♥♥♥♥♥is impossible. The graphics im sorry this is 18 years later after the original Fallout 2 and they have not improoved visibly much on the grahics, this is SAD. You would think that in 2014 we would have a complete voice interface with the characters of the game, yea right keep on wishing. Then the simplest feature of all to be able to transfer items via just the the main character interface yea right, keep on wishing you have to drop the♥♥♥♥♥♥on the floor or switch the character you are picking it up with. Overall please do some imrovement to the game and not just for the people that just grew up with Wasteland 1. This is 2015 or to be more polite 2014 when you released the game be acurate on what you charge for this type of game for the price that you charge."
76561198120832703,Recommended,240760,23531413,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,DoomFinger,"Awesome game, i like having another way to explore the wasteland"
76561198095266553,Recommended,240760,12148079,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,likes_to_spooge,sometimes the game lags im thinking its just a bug and the competed version will have this fixed.. Anyone having the same issue??
,Not Recommended,240760,21632873,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Gracana,"It's a mediocre game. It should have been great, and I played it for a long time because I expected the story to pick up, I expected the combat to get better, I expected it to be *fun*, but it just isn't that great, and that's pretty disappointing."
76561198171432161,Not Recommended,240760,14583607,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,chenro1984,"I had a lot of hope for this game as a FO1+2 fan. Also appriciated the kickstarter approch.In short the game is disappointing. It suffer from a lot of in-game and interface issues that were already solved in FO about 20 years ago.A lot of bugs a lot of XP crashes (which is really annoying after I bought it cause they specifically stated xp supprted).I didn't go till the end yet but the quests are a little boring, the combat is boring and the disconnection between abilities and skills is wierd.I would not have bought it knowing the game the way I know it now."
76561198072272681,Recommended,240760,23849036,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Forsaken.PT,"Got crazy during free weekend, waited for sale price and nailed it. I'm on my first dozen hours, but I can tell I'm hooked. Recommended for all early Fallout fans. Cheers"
,Recommended,240760,24014907,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Project Meow,Over-encumbered by a toupe.10/10 would hoard junk again.
,Recommended,240760,19309659,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,projoker0,
76561198057096000,Recommended,240760,12146804,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Melvin Eugene Punymier,"Question, just started playing.  Is there no ""mini map"" in the top right corner like there used to be in the alpha/beta?"
,Recommended,240760,12152392,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Grakais,Yep
76561198082715760,Recommended,240760,8972746,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,leviwest1995,"i do recommend this game but not at the moment it has some problems that make the gamplay rubbish they are improing it everyday but for the time beig do not get it also another thing, i have a AMD A6 2GB graphics card 4 raam and the fps are like 30-40 im not sure is because of the game but its nearly impossiple to play it."
76561197989677960,Recommended,240760,12413798,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,litel-fr,Excellent RPG with a great 90's feel.A must for anyone familliar with fallout 1 & 2 (probably the two best rpg EVER)
76561198009985871,Recommended,240760,25036101,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TacTix,a lot of fun
,Not Recommended,240760,19001748,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,chimpansteve,"I really want to recommend this game - the first couple of hours were very enjoyable, the Director's Cut improvements actually seem to have fixed many of the original issues...but it's STILL an unfinished game, even after forever in Kickstarter and a 'final' edition. It's basically a game where the developers got most of the way through, then just thought 'sod it, that'll do'. It's effectively broken in most of the sidequests, and unbelievably frustrating for the rest. Buy it in a sale for a fiver - don't spend any more on it.Pretty much every sidequest is bugged so you can't complete fully. The interface means you'll frequently be unable to target enemies, even when in open ground. Dialouge is more often than not nonsensical. There's what initally seem trivial but turn into mindbending frustrating issues with the inventory - basic stuff like being unable to sort by weight or value, or sell all items in a stack, or other basic things that were sorted in RPGs decades ago. The map and journal are aggressively unhelpful. You'll be forced into quicksaving every couple of minutes as the companion AI is so bad, and you can so easily unintentionally ruin a quest due to the terrible dialogue options. Tedious and repetitve 'random encounters' (which are anything but) on the world map make travelling a chore. There's a total lack of polish throughout (for example, every hat, say a 'metal helmet', has a stetson model. None of the clothing options display on your character model. Your guns don't line up properly. Item descriptions are frequently missing or half finished).Most of these complaints may sound trivial, and I have never played the original so may be missing any familiary or tolerance for the interface others may have, but the irritaions quickly add up and end up destroying any form of immersion. There's the core of a very good game in here, but it's just too frustratingly unfinished to recommend, sadly."
,Recommended,240760,10908891,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,unMadeMan,If you like the original Fallout games this is the precurssor and its is awesome.
,Recommended,240760,10940600,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Docobv,"This game, even in its early beta form, is a lot of fun.  I am very excited to see it finally finished!"
76561198274920511,Recommended,240760,34922403,Posted: 13 September,all,Mark-Antony Nijmeh,its goood
,Recommended,240760,33844432,Posted: 27 July,all,Scipio💯,My men all got radiation posioning then brutally murdered by plants..Rangers lead the way..10/10shoulda joined the brotherhood of steel.
76561198104625739,Not Recommended,240760,23500604,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,AliceInChains,"I honestly can't figure out the massive positive buzz around this game. Reading some of the 'quotes' from Games reviews sites I can't help but wonder if those reviewers actually played the game, or were simply paid to write something extremely positive completely out of sync with the actual game.Flexibility, depth? Really, where? Having the option between 3 skills and some dynamite to open a safe merely means you have 3 similar skills separated for no obvious reason. And a game mechanic that allows opening a safe by tossing a stick of dynamite at it isn't deep or flexible, it's flawed and oversimplified. C4, plastic explosives, shaped charges, really too much to ask?Perhaps it seems a bit odd that I start off with such an example, but ultimately 90% of the game is just that: utilizing one skill or another. Lock picking, safe cracking and trap disarming outside of combat, and the various weapon skills during combat.One of the biggest gripes I have with the game really. The multitude of pointless and weirdly chosen skills, needlessly segregated (lock picking AND safe cracking, individual weapon classes), with no synergy between them or with the main attributes. The attribute and skill system is so extremely poorly designed that your 10 STR character won't be able to kick open a simple wooden fence (which is even described as being shoddily built), because he lacks the Brute Force skill. That's right, a skill. Dear developers, ever heard the term 'brute force approach'? It's not a skill, it's not something that needs to be learned. Seriously. Well alright, have your 10 STR wield a big freakin' axe and chop down that small wooden fence... No can do, the axe is ineffective against that shoddily built fence. Just like any other weapon, except explosvies.Your 1 STR character with some points in the Brute Force skill however, might be able to kick down the door. Might I say, because the developers also chose to implement some arbitrarily chosen difficulty level to each of such skill checks. The skill rank is still prevelant however, with no connection to attributes. So even if you do decide to give your 10 STR some ranks of Brute Force, yuour 1 STR char with higher rank will still have a better chance to succeed. The ridiculousness of the difficulty settings is perfectly demonstrated in a certain town which you will end up in some time into the game: A large stone wall inside a building can easily be kicked down (as the animation for Brute Force is always the same, just like all other animations for skill usage. Extremely boring, and most of the time character aren't even close enough to actually touch the objects. They're just doing something in thin air), but two shoddily built wooden fence outside are near impossible. As mentioned before you can't destroy them with an axe, or a shotgun either. You also can't jump over it, or climb over it (movements in Wasteland 2 are extremely limited, just like pretty much everything else).So attributes and skills are detached, there's no synergy. The attributes themselves provide very limited benefits, and basically the only things that matter are Action Points (AP) and Combat Initiative (CI). Coordinations would be the equivalent of dexterity in other RPG games I imagine, and maxing this stat to 10 will give you a measly 10% bonus to Chance to Hit. While min 1 gives you 1%. So no penalties for extremely low stats. Developers decided to separate each weapon 'class' into a different skill, Assault rifles, Sniper Rifles, Pistols, to name a few. Want a sniper? No need to actually put any points in Coordination, the only thing that matters is the Sniper Rifle skill. But of course that character won't be able to hit a damned thing with an Assault Rifle or Pistol when he/she lacks the skill points. Horrible design choice, and completely illogical.Attributes won't play any role outside of combat, and your INT 1 character will have exactly the same things to say as your INT 8 or INT 10 character. CHA doesn't play a role in conversations either, but of course we do have some weirdly choses skills like Smart♥♥♥♥♥ Kiss♥♥♥♥♥and Hard♥♥♥♥♥for some extra choices during conversation. Simplicity is key, and developers certainly don't seem to want the players to have to try and/or think so of course these♥♥♥♥♥dialogue options will be visible and even provide you the information what rank in the skill you need. You can also switch character in the middle of conversation, for example to another which has this particular♥♥♥♥♥skill. These 'skills' really should have been character traits optionably selected during character creation.It would seem I am ranting on about attributes and skills, but in my opinion they're key in a good RPG game. Create a game that responds strongly to the attributes and skills of a particular character and you have a game where you can actually role play a particular type, and replay the game with a completely different one and getting different responses, results, options. There's nothing of the sort in Wasteland 2.Your actions have consequences? Please. I'm getting a bit tired of games (and reviewers) advertising this when all you get is some different slide show ending with narrative at the end of the game. During the game there are virtually no consequences outside of the narrow context, the situation, you happen to find yourself in right there and then.Consequences would be running out of fresh water when you opt to save Ag Center, and thus subsequentially have to deal with issues related to that. Similarly, running out of food when you go to Highpool. But what's to be expected in a game where you can top up your canteens with fresh water from an oasis in a heavily irradiated zone? Hilarious. Water does not play any role at all in this game and I really have no idea why the developers didn't just drop it completely. Personally I would have preferred a much more significant impact, but I fear that would simply be too much to ask.The Tiered progress on weapons, and weapon mechanics themselves, are another utter fail decision. Tiered progression means you will have blunt weapons (like a lead pipe) with higher Armor Penetration than a rifle for example. Right, makes perfect sense. Weapon damage is another one, where one 5.56 mm caliber Assault Rifle will do a lot more damage than another only because of that arbitrary Tier statistic. Weapon choices per Tier are basically limited to a lower AP usage, lower damage version and higher AP usage, higher damage version. Higher Tier means higher Armor Penetration, a flat number that is compared to the flat Armor Class number of the target. The game doesn't update appearances based on armor equiped, so it's entirely possible to run into a bare chested generic cannibal with Armor Class 10, meaning some very heavy (and expensive) Armor. With me already raises the question how a cannibal trying to survive out in the wastes even managed to obtain such an armor really... Mechanics are as simplified as this: If Armor Penetration is equal to or exceeds Armor Class the weapon does the normal range of damage. When Penetration is lower, damage is reduced based on following calculation: (Pen / Class) * 100%.The Director's Cut added some perks (based on skills only, nothing on attributes) and one for Assault Rifles is called 'Hollow Point' which hilariously adds +1 Armor Penetration. It's these details that just show how very littly thought and effort the developers put into this game. It's all bland, illogical and inconsequential.Combat itself is extremely boring and repetitive with barely any tactical options/variations. Adding 'crouch' to DC version really did noty change anything to that, especially since you can't move around crouched. Aimed shots provide a bit of variety but the penalties are a flat hard set one, regardless of attributes, skills, weapon and/or scopes used. I'd add more but I'm out of characters........"
,Not Recommended,240760,9290432,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Chiefxf,The game is uber lag intensive to the point of being unbareable. I run all minimum specs required. If you dont run a top of the line rig meant for gaming then DO NOT BUY THIS.
76561197993952753,Not Recommended,240760,8778694,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,SlickWillee,The comtrols on the game are terrible the graphics are substandard. I really wanted to love this game it looked great onsteam but 30 min into the game it was unplayable.
76561197976784565,Not Recommended,240760,9060367,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Flannel Josie,"Here a link to the Flannel Shirt Gaming Co. review.  Sums it up pretty well, some endearing gameplay elements with a very high pricetag for the early access.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmIJ_dOwK34"
76561198109645069,Not Recommended,240760,9000227,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,|<  |\|  0  T,"I tried. I waited and I tried again. Fail. Textures don't load properly with either computer I tried it on, its in development still and it shows. I am a huge fan of this style of game and would like to see this project when complete. At this moment avoid this purchase; I feel cheated."
76561197973761675,Not Recommended,240760,10666194,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,lwood1969,Dissapointed so far with my biggest complaint being every NPC insults you and you're not allowed to kill them for it.
76561198027756990,Not Recommended,240760,12180718,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Agent_b187,"This is the first game I liked in BETA but have to downgrade in finished. In BETA I would have given this game a 8/10 or 7/10 for the bugs + the unfinished content.In finished form I can only give it a 5/10 as there is so much stuff that actually worked well in BETA doesn´t work anymore or was thrown out.Example 1 - The Shrines: Difficult to find the shrines used to boost the attributes of your characters. Now it gives you a little experience that really doesn´t matter. As your characters have attributes where is the sense in having them if you cannot boost or improve them? You can only make 4 own rangers so it is not possible to make a specialist for everything, even if gameplay requires it. That would not be a problem if you could improve the chars you have appropriately - which you can´t.Example 2 - Weapons+Weaponsmithing: Weaponsmithing requires you to dismantle weapons to get weapon mods. No problem in BETA as there were some weapons to be found, so no problem when dismantling did not result in a mod. In final version there are far less guns available and the ratio is completely off. The money you loose by dismatling wasn´t a problem in BETA but in the finished game you loose big time, which is really bad as you have to buy all weapons now. You don´t find good weapons any more.These are just two examples of game mechanics that worked in BETA and are completely off in the final form. Unless there is a major patch soon I cannot recomment this game any more."
76561198122292997,Not Recommended,240760,8751089,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Benihimes,Poorly optimized game and defenetely not worth 60$ for a beta.
,Recommended,240760,23279410,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Matystc,"If you played and liked fallout 1 and 2, or you are just a old school rpg lover. You are going to love this game because its like new generation old school rpg game and its awesome <3 10/10"
76561198000612446,Not Recommended,240760,22292339,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Xhazahh,"y'know, I beat this game when it first came out...and it was okay, buggy but what isn't these days?I see the directors cut pop up in my library like 6ish months ago? ""I wonder what they've changed?"" reinstall it, and hit play and it crashes to desktop. ""Maybe its just all messed up and the developers will fix it?"" Today I reinstalled it and hit play...crashed to desktop....~golf clap~ crash to desktop feature added. alright then..."
76561198046703485,Recommended,240760,12138146,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Dillbo,It's great fun...seriously....The guys from these team and Divinity Original Sin should team up
76561198079006527,Not Recommended,240760,22087292,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,blyndpyrat,"Let me put this in proper context...I love reading a good book.  When (for example) Jim Butcher puts out a new book, I've got it on my Kindle that day...That having been said, I never really cared for the choose you own adventure books when I was a kid.Which is what this game feels like...  A roughly writen, choose you own adventure book, with a little X-com combat thrown in...  just to see if you're still awake.Even in a turn based game...  If I was looking to read a novel, I have MUCH better options than the writing in this game...I play video games for an experance somewhere between movies and novels (at least RPGS) and this game just has ENDLESS text to read though, with just enough voice acting to make you think it's going to be a vidio game...3 years 3 million bucks....  voice acting just isn't that expencive, and it could have been going on at the same time as the encoding....  just NO reason not to have more of it in this game...AND DON'T EVEN GET ME STARTED ON THE TINY TEXT BOX ON MY 27"" MONITOR.!!!"
76561198128303751,Not Recommended,240760,22091609,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Smooths,"Unplayable - Was really looking forward to playing this due to the reviews. After creating my characters, I meet the General or whoever assigns the 1st mission....LAAGGGGG and constant freezing. I have a great computer with dual graphics card. Changed setting in game, no luck. Reset and tried again. No luck.I see other people are having the same problem with the game. Really frustrating and waste of money."
76561198009139331,Not Recommended,240760,28029240,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,macmert,"Good luck getting this game to even run... I've played the standard edition for some time and now the Director's cut does not even start, cannot start a new game or use my saved games, if you see inexile forums it is filled with technical help threads... so stay clear of this game, buy it on a discount, and a huge discount that is... otherwise you might as well burn your money... literally...."
76561198057579063,Recommended,240760,10070230,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Overlord,cool game 10/10
,Recommended,240760,8056130,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,t0rn,I loved Fallout 2 so this definitely caught my eye...
76561198064146831,Recommended,240760,26366356,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Dogmeat,"Play as John Connor and his ragtag group of human survivors as you battle skynet and it's terminators to save the remains of humankind from it's cold, metallic grasp."
,Recommended,240760,13134930,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,kdodds,"If, like me, you played the original, especially on first release, you HAVE to play Wasteland 2.  There will be some VERY familiar characters, places, scenarios, and missions.  This updated version takes place several years after the first, perhaps a decade or more, but stays very true to the original Wasteland, something other post-apocalypse games (I'm looking at you Fallout series) have tried and never quite accomplished.  Even the mechanics and UI, while completely modern, feel very familiar.  The story is top-notch, and the world, as true to the original, feels the weight of the player's footsteps and those footprints persist.  Early on, your characters will all feel the same, but you do have to invest in diversified specializations, giving each character a unique feel.  The engine has been vastly improved since original early access and runs super smoothly.  Other interface problems, issues and complaints have been rectified, and patches and post-release maintenance have been timely.  Solid, thoroughly enjoyable game from a solid, committed developer.  What more can you ask for?  Well, for me, the only thing I find missing (spoiled by Skyrim, I guess) is the ability to switch into first person more.  Had this been designed in, Wasteland 2 would be very near to perfection for me.  And that's my only complaint, really, the camera.  Sometimes you want to get in a bit closer, to see what your character is seeing, to set up line of sight down a scope, to see your bludgeoning up close and personal, what have you.  Maybe in Wasteland 3?  Hopefully it doesn't take another quarter century for that to happen."
76561198014142872,Recommended,240760,28695299,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WarriorOfSpoon,"Very fun turn by turn combat highly recomend if you enjoyed OG fallout at all IMO this game is quite a bit superior. Better hud, full screen,  squad building, and world map system ect."
76561198119319559,Not Recommended,240760,17899856,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,chris.so22,i forgot why i stopped playing this. but i give it a thumbs down
,Recommended,240760,14430508,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,AHH QUIETUS,"More like....more like..... wasteTIME 2! This game sucks because it doesn't have microtransactions, DLC, and it's like really hard, and there are a lot of buttons and like...you have to think, and strategize, and the main game takes OVER 30 hours to beat! But all my ipad games only take 2-3 hours! Which gives me plenty of time to perm my hair! This game = no time for permed hair. It sucks."
76561198046431799,Recommended,240760,31509522,Posted: 2 May,all,Dunfielder,This game rocks. I had the best time screwing with people's lives in the wastelands. If your a big fan of the first two fallout games then this is a must buy
76561198039548285,Recommended,240760,14802977,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Allie,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198019389560,Not Recommended,240760,13288790,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Avatar,Never worked on linux.  Wasted a ton of time with 'support' team that didn't go anywhere.  Waste of money.
76561198042706870,Not Recommended,240760,20232724,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,S3LCouth,"Absolutely disguested.I started playing this game after taking some time away from it and found myself upset due to ""NOT RESPONDING"" than anything. I played this game back during initial release and loved very minute of it."
76561198036489230,Recommended,240760,34500066,Posted: 26 August,all,brunaga,good game fun to play
,Recommended,240760,10527959,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Corrosion,one of the best rpg action games ive ever played. one of my favorite games.
76561198002676388,Not Recommended,240760,17811225,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Darakon,Wasteland 2? more like wasteofmoney.
76561197967781126,Not Recommended,240760,28762759,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nerdecho,"This is a sad game to play; virtually unplayable after a few hours. The game ending bugs will hamper your progress forcing you to constantly reload prior saves; the combat system is broken to a point where you can miss on a 100% hit chance and friendly fire characters standing behind you. This game is far from finished and suffers from a bad camera, bad story and just in general bad everything. I remember reading that the reason why this game is broken is because it's an indie game; well, indie or not that doesn't excuse them of not taking time to fix some of its most obvious flaws. Spend your money elsewhere."
76561198015154284,Recommended,240760,8774098,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Romm,"X-Com meets Fallout and it's not as awesome as that sounds sadly. If you enjoyed those game series you will enjoy this one but it is not really in the same league.There is probably a good game in here but its not worth £35, save this one for the sale folks."
,Recommended,240760,33530759,Posted: 14 July,all,Fehlnir,"It's like a Fallout game that was realesed before Fallout but actually was realesed much later, cause it's a sequel or some♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198001652667,Recommended,240760,13720704,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,andrew471,"only problem is that i bought this game earlier this year when it was going thru development, and it was 60 bucks then, now that its christmas its less than half the origional price, the developers should reimburse us that paid full price for it as we are the ones that sent back feed back to make this game better"
76561197997805012,Not Recommended,240760,24436100,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Tyekanik,Plot/Invincible turrets
76561198003689310,Not Recommended,240760,19052644,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Vultex [SC],"Wasteland 2... Im just going to focues on the bigest part of the game. Combat. The RNG (Random Number Generator) is ♥♥♥♥ed. I like a challange. but apparently like most game devs. they think challange means enemies do more damage and have more heatlh. Boring and just fustrating. I want an enemies to out smart me. Use better tactics. beat this game 4 times. Only have seen an enemy use ambush(other than turrets) 4 times in each play threw. 86% chance to hit. Miss 6 times out of 10.  Did i say the RNG is ♥♥♥♥ed in this game. to the point of raging and braking your keyborde by throwing it across the room because your guy is almost dead and you just need that last shot but your guy misses a 92% chance to hit. In the directior's cut, its even worse. the enemies give 0 ♥♥♥♥s about cover, armor, and thier life. I mean thats ok for some enemies but not all of them. All enemies act like raiders. Just bum rush you. Give enemies more health and more damage is a lazy way of makeing the game more challangeing. everything else in the game I can deal with. but difficulty and the RNG I can't"
76561198006736389,Not Recommended,240760,9259859,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,johnni777,What looked like a great idea is destroyed by a steep steep learning curve on my first encounter on Rookie level I was attacked by 10 raiders who butchered all of my crew in few minutes didnt get the chance to kill any of the raiders come on thats ridicolous in X com the chance of survival is much better graphics are fair but the sound is mediocre at best I was overall greatly disappointed so I cant recommend this game
76561197978856951,Not Recommended,240760,18387662,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,[UCG] MiniGoold,"Keeping it short.Combat is good, the customisation is fun. The pace of the game is just awful.The way you have to select each character for each skill to then select the item to use said skill (hacking a safe, breaking a door, charming an animal, etc) Is just so annoying, why not auto-select it with a click of a button...The secret phrases is a very cool idea, but to have hardly any actually hidden within the game and most refering to an old game that I personally have not played is not fun. Just irritating.Which brings me to the thousands of chat boxes you have to read straight from the start all the way to the end... its not fun, especially when theirs no hidden messages in any of them, its just boring to read.Very cool game but the execution failed in my opinion and it got too dull and more of a chore to finish."
76561197993421641,Not Recommended,240760,33908575,Posted: 30 July,all,FIGIOT,"Played:  Wasteland 2: Director's Cut+ The world looked immersive and fun+ Some story is good fun- Cumbersome- Slow- your four rangers are generic characters, nothing interesting about them- Crappy interface- Can not review the  Wasteland 2: Director's Cut for some reason which I played for about 25 hours.- The premade rangers you get are crap which you will find out a couple of hours in the game.5/10 One of those games I want to like. But almost everything feels tedious."
,Not Recommended,240760,9339121,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,FunStartsAtDark,I can not believe I spent 60 dollars on this game. Complete garbage despite the hype. I would rather play Wasteland 1....
76561198023361416,Not Recommended,240760,10233128,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,curlywade,I purchased this game from steam put it wont play nearly £40 wasted
,Recommended,240760,23350003,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Alteredmindset,This game is what fallout 3 and on should have been.......even though this is a short game(could use some DLC)...it is fun to explore and it has a way of meeting your game style.......I hope more people give it a chance as they may see what a turn based game can really be......I have to say although not perfect....it is addicting.
76561197990562257,Not Recommended,240760,22417354,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,BW,"Wasteland 2 is considered the spirtual successor to the original Fallout series. The game is packed with stuff to do and things to see that the game offers multiple plays, yet its story just didn't pull me in. I just never really carred about what was going on. The game mechanics are good but with limtied voice acting and a storyline that didn't pull me in, I can't recommend the game. However, the game does offer about 60+ hours of gameplay which is a rarity these days. If it's on sale, check it out, maybe you will enjoy the storyline. The game easily could have used co-op."
,Not Recommended,240760,8725653,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,orion-stars,not a stable game. it crashes alot. I played it for 30 minutes and game crash and killed the auto save. hopefully the finshed game wont be this lame. really wish beta test was free instead of buying it just to find out its a pos . WANING do not be a sucker like me. wait for it to demo. for all we know they mite not finsh this game.  A early head ache and 60 buck less is all u get. hopefully i can get steam to give me a refund.
76561198006734457,Not Recommended,240760,10578309,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ROBINO,"My short review of this game reflects my dissapointment.  My main issues with the game are:- no real time combat- no stealth or formations while moving which make encounters feel disorganised and like a crap-shoot- highly visible bugs (during combat) still exist and its only 2 months to release- not enough control of the camera view - i constantly felt like i wanted to see things from the characters viewpoint, but this isn't allowed - the game may aswell be made with isometric sprites rather than 3d models- the interface windows don't use the space on my screen efficiently and often compress font sizes to an unreadably small level"
76561197996429575,Not Recommended,240760,10201241,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SandGoggles,didnt think the game was good couldnt get into it. Personally it wasnt worth the cost felt more like a 20 dollar game to me possibly 15.
76561198152868787,Not Recommended,240760,29622360,Posted: 31 January,all,Drnkngmr421,"I'll say first off that I do not usually write reviews but after about 10 hours total of game play I just got frustrated with the lack intuitive thinking that this game ought provide. It can start with adding a mini map instead of whatever garbage radio channel thing there is at the top right. does it serve a purpose other than just looking kind of cool and radioing in for my level ups? Secondly, I was playing on rookie mode, just to have some fun, wasn't taking it super seriously, it is SO easy to die in this game. Don't get it wrong I like a bit of challenge, but this game had way too many ways to die and not enough ways to heal up. The trauma kits are completely unintuitive and the descriptions for them undescriptive. There ought be a rest option, similar to fallout to recover, at the very least, SOME health. Third, objectives are not clear at all. There ought be some compass, or some blatant indicator as to where to go. Even if it is a gentle nudge in the right direction. It doesn't really have to be that obvious, just give me SOME effing thing to go on so that I know where I am going. For instance, the first time around I was at the ag center. I spent probably three hours in there without knowing or figuring out that I could just. . . waltz. . . right through these industrial fan looking things. It's completely stupid. No person in their right mind thinks to walk through industrial sized fans that could easily chop you in two. That was dumb. If there was some indicator, perhaps, that I was supoosed to walk through these industrial fans, I wouldn't think it was as stupid. I think this has, in part to do with the birds eye view perspective. It makes things a little less obvious. So for people playing this game for the first time around it is not as instinctive. Fourth. lets not beat around the bush, on rookie mode, hitting someone with a knife or bat or whatever melee instrument shouldn't be nearly as hard as it is. I probably missed, or jammed, or whatever, 3 out of the 4 times I would attempt to hit. Thats dumb. I couldn't even imagine how hard it is to hit on jerk mode.Finally, I will say that this is fantastic idea. With a little thought and some tweaks here and there this has the potential to be gold. At the moment though, I am giving this a C-. I do not care about graphics, so much as I do fun game play and this was just not fun after restarting it THREE times."
76561198199056681,Not Recommended,240760,28298356,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,curvedebris,Frequently crashes. Gave up on it pretty early in game.
76561198058479738,Not Recommended,240760,21733054,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Rasterfahnder,disappointing
76561198060136747,Recommended,240760,31498774,Posted: 1 May,all,crulty,"Robots, ♥♥♥♥♥es, booze, guns, flying limbs, for Fallout 1 and 2 fans!This is Wasteland - ""mother♥♥♥♥ing best"""
,Recommended,240760,32339114,Posted: 11 June,all,Szhi,Get custom portrait pack.Enjoy.
76561198057325532,Not Recommended,240760,19217108,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,funwithphobias,"The combat system is like that of a mobile game. Silent Storm, Men of War, Jagged Alliance, all these games do a much better job. The writing is also horrible."
76561198077344878,Not Recommended,240760,11749753,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,domeqctr,"Sorry, but it's not working. After collecting the team, during loading screen it's crashing to the windows desktop :(:( Something with C++ runtime library."
76561197981649086,Not Recommended,240760,14592950,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Tore Lila,No! Just do not buy it!
,Not Recommended,240760,12149974,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Craftsmen28,Well hard to say I like a game when it simply doesnt load. 2 advert screens and then crash to desktop. Spending 4-5 hours trying the various different fixes and nothing. My laptop at the very least exceeds all requirements for the games recommended hardware.Was I stoked about this - yesHow do I feel now? Like I've been robbed by a product not fit for release and I've simply thrown money away. Will they sort it? I don't know but considering the plethora of people posting similar issues I fear many are dissapointed and feel that they should be refunded their hard earned money.
76561198024401670,Not Recommended,240760,9348121,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,bushways,Really not that good. they tried to update an old game but it doesn't quite work. i want my money back. For 60 bucks it should be at least close to fall out if you are going to claim it is the father of the fall out series. Seems like they are trying to ride fall out's success.
,Not Recommended,240760,10410181,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,mi.,"Sorry, I am big fan of whole Fallout (specialy old ones) universe.I cant say ""That game sux."" I just dont see whole kickstarter money and that f*cking stupid video about financing whole project where he talks with kids whose act like stupid Angry birds fan. Sorry, they get 3mill DOLLARS (and still countings +$) because I want to belive-> I buy game, WHICH totaly is not a ""AREALY BETA"" but ALPHA -0.00001.I dont care about ""graphics at all"" but even level design is better in Fallout 1, map - worse ever seen, possibility to solve problems and quest (hard?) no almost not enjoyable and kinda anoyingI do enjoy playing RPG game and now I just praying for some better results in near future, otherwise its best ""steeling yours money for nothing"" in style of Wolf of Wallstreet.Somethiing more to say? Sorry inExile, take rest of that money send it in to Chaina and they propably create something not even with spirit but with potential use and vision of playable and enjoyablegame./ joke off (until they fix and create THE game)"
,Not Recommended,240760,9902306,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,mgtjohn23,"Well I been playing this game for awhile has alot of potential but for way it is now very boring story and I feel like its trying to be a survival game but its kinda not at all yes its kinda like the fallout out seirus like fallout 1 & 2 to but its story is so dull its boring also the combat is good but feel like it could be better and I LOVE challenging combat But the leveling up it just seems your player is so dumb after I level up like say 5 time and having put all my skill point in that one thing feel like it didnt help it at all it was a tiny boost my guys are lvl 30 and barrley able to hit♥♥♥♥♥♥I am a shotter in real life and these guys that were born in to this apoclipic world feel like they just started shoot if you guys do that make them children...Way the game is now I dont recommend it has alot of potential I can see this game getting better but I think it need a flaasher begining and better combat and focus on the characters a little bit I hate the leveling up system not hat diffrent from fallouts but the only reason I feel like fallout is better because my one guy in fallout can take on my hole team in wastesland in any subject, lockpicking, shooting, waisteland skills, speech. I want to feel that each one of me characters on this game are S.F of the waiste land not a bunch of nubs that just got there first mission. but right now wasnt worth my $60.00 right now would say its worth $30 buck game"
,Recommended,240760,12142432,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,T@nd£,why isnt this page updated on the ''final release'' of the full version at september 19'th 2014 ? is it cus i already own it i cannot get a release date ut of it ?
76561198022369703,Not Recommended,240760,12182378,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,..,"Comparisons to Fallout 1/2 are stupid. This game is more RTT than RPG.In fact, it's most reminiscent of Fallout: Tactics from 2001.Sadly, it is inferior to that game in very many very important ways.The last drop for me (after a long list of irritating problems) was when my sniper shot my crouching (right in front of her) ally in the back twice in a row, making me realize that the game doesn't even allow you to shoot over crouched allies right in front of you. These sorts of mechanical failures should be unacceptable in a game of this nature, as they would have been back in 2001.Over a decade later, we should expect more from our games, not less."
76561198060962594,Not Recommended,240760,10400998,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Doc Motrin,didnt care for it. wish i didnt buy it
76561198034500162,Not Recommended,240760,8750488,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,kleiniam,"BAd! Major problems! Broke my computer!!I installed the game, and the current patches. When I went to play it the screen froze with yellow and blue dots every where. After rebooting into safe mode I had to delete the game and revert back to a previous version of windows to turn the computer on  in normal mode.  I thought that since I was doing alot of other things while installing this game that I some how corruped it. So unfortunatly i tried again.The game froze and started me in safe mode again. Now I am not able to restart the computer normally and have color streaks through loading screen. I tried to format the drive but unfortunatly I recieved ""kernal glitches"". My hard drive is now ruined.My system is a 27inch imac i-7 with 8 gigs and a 1tb hard drive. I had a 500gig partition ruining bootcamp and windows 7 pro. This set up has been runing for 3 years with out a problem.( I have played borderland 2 just fine.) But after trying to use this ""beta WL2"" my computer broke. Things are so jacked up that I cant even reconize the os boot disk to make the mac partion run.  From all sources I have found my hard drive is beyond fixing.So I thought the game looked cool, and I want to play it. But until the game is finished I have to give it a big fat ""no"". I believe the WL2 team has created the best virus know to man instead of a game.Thank you from breaking my ****,Justin ER MER GERD"
76561198053671782,Not Recommended,240760,9980469,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Deathlands,"One of the worst game I have played ever! Totally unlike the Fallout 1 &2, Jagged Alliance, etc. I competely wasted my $60 dollars. The controls was not clear. I could not heal my characters on time, they dropped as flies. I could not shoot guns at distance. The closer I get, my characters got ridden with bullets. Do yourself a favor, go and play Fallout games again."
,Not Recommended,240760,26231100,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Dmitriy,"Runs poorly on a AAA-capable rig. I blame Unity, but the game is just too uncomfortable to play."
76561197984407861,Not Recommended,240760,11935991,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Deathrin,"Would be a great game, if it weren't for the high amount of bugs. I've had to resart the entire game several times because of game breaking bugs."
76561198094711829,Not Recommended,240760,10388172,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,dell4386,This game is STUPID!!!!!!!! why? Becausei can't get off the radio with HQ. he keeps hearing giberish! What the F**k is that!
76561198004914981,Not Recommended,240760,11179026,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Noobsalot,"game is still in beta mode... if you release a game this early, you should compensate the people that's testing it for you."
76561197992747662,Not Recommended,240760,9299645,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Aerials,"Don't bother until this is at release. non-stop crashes, bugs and glitches. $60 to beta test? come on. for this price point i expected a game a lot further along"
,Not Recommended,240760,28081509,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ross Le Boss,I don't understand why the people love so much this game. The graphics are weak and the camera suck pretty much.Compare to Fallout tactics who is a masterpiece Wasteland 2 got so much potentials but i feel when i played that the devs didnt put much interrest in it. The combat system could be better. Skills are ok but when every doors need lockpicking its kinda of annoying. Really its a ripped off Fallout Tactics and if you didnt play that game just try it. Youll see yourself that even old game sometimes are greater and better developped than new game.Don't know why its recorded 0.1 hours of playing (maybe because i uninstalled it) but its at least 6 hours of play.
76561198006377943,Recommended,240760,32063074,Posted: 30 May,all,Ancara,Loved the game but not enough to actually finish the game =/
,Not Recommended,240760,9664514,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Belial,"Heavily overpriced indie gameAs a fan of TB games and after reading about the game, ridiculous pricing on this did not scare me away, but rather convinced that the game would be good.However, despite this being an alpha build, this game already totally lacks appeal. Graphics are poor, and unlikely to change, UI design is terrible (hopefully that could be improved in the future) and dialogue is as abundant as irritating (which UI small text only compliments to). I can hardly name one thing that devs got right. All in all it doesnt only seem raw, which is acceptable for an early acess game, but also lacks overall design and tries to hide its shallow nature by visible overcomplexity.Although apparently , full release would drop pricing to 25$ it would still be way overpriced. I wouldnt pay more than 10$ for this Fallout wannabe. If you are not scathed by terrible graphics, you might as well play original game, which is priced 6$ on GOG."
76561198031360009,Not Recommended,240760,20511041,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mordmorgan,Awful.
76561198046632234,Not Recommended,240760,25188204,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dzestino,"Is it a great well made game? Yes.Does it compels me to complete? No.Just sad that how much I like Fallout 1&2, I just can't get myself to play this."
76561198034053289,Not Recommended,240760,10763291,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rygaard,"They Say Beta, but when the menues on the 2. place you encounter in the game is not working, and screen is messed up, like old school C64 messed up games looked messed up, then you are not in Beta - you are in pree Alpha..Also alot of itmes are VERY hard to clickScreen dont scrool at edge  you have to use keys, you cant level up... should i go on ?"
76561198018403892,Not Recommended,240760,9253621,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,zanzibar_hero,I wish I could play this game... I wish it would run... I wish...
76561198041420411,Not Recommended,240760,22391484,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Glenjamin,this game is over hyped garbage i wouldnt make my worst enemy play this rng crapfest. its short the story is weak and rushed the combat is all based on rng like i said earlier not one thing about this game is worth paying 40 dollars for. all the people telling you its great are just wearing nostalgia goggles also there is holding your hand and not telling you anything about what you may need when they realize a middle ground exists maybe the creator can pull his head from between his cheeks and make a game that isnt obviously half♥♥♥♥♥garbage.
76561198130016105,Not Recommended,240760,33746646,Posted: 23 July,all,RichardTorruellas,This bug riddled mess isn't a game. Games are played. This has so many bugs you cannot play it. I've been trying to play it in between my work shifts and STILL CANNOT PLAY. I intend to pan this game and put videos on YouTube and link it everwhere until people stop sucking up to an old franchise and realize THIS iteration of the game is complete and utter unplayable trash. Here's why.1st start up: Got to Ag Center and then started having problems with combat turns taking WAY to long for no reason. At first I though enemies just had that many critters moving but it was just the game being buggy. No fixes can be found online. Uninstalled and reinstalled so I would get much more reasonable combat between 4 characters and 4 enemies.2nd start up: Alright I started a fresh game and this time got nowhere as I couldn't even use context sensitive items such as the shovel or skills on objects in the world. What is more combat now has a bug where people cannot get damaged. The characters shoot but the damage never pops up as the animation for bullets never finishes. You cannot end the turn or do anything. Reloads and verifying the cache have done nothing. No fixes can be found online.I do not intend to reinstall this game. As far as I'm concerned it's time to sue for fraud as I was sold a defective good intentionally. I cannot make it through four areas of a game without it suffering a game breaking bug? That's crap and Steam needs to pull this game or I'll sue them for fraud as well. This is NOT a game as it's UNPLAYABLE and for ANYTHING to be considered a game it MUST BE PLAYABLE. Because games are PLAYED.
76561198036501773,Not Recommended,240760,10073563,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,War61,"Let me describe my emotions playing this game: saw on steam... WOW looks like XCOM and Fallout but better!!! Bought the beta, 60 bucks. Was so excited to play. Started playing the game in medium. oh you can choose what to say, sweet! What you say affects the story SWEET!  Get through the usual tutorial like first scene where the goat hits you in the butt. Go into the desert... awesome some survival elements with the wate and radiation....random encounter with raiders. Loads the turn based battle level. All my players are in the middle of the field surrounded by the raiders who all have macheties/swords/knifes.... i think to myself ""this will be easy! I have guns!"". BOY WAS I WRONG. This is were the game shows how its amazingly unbalanced. Raider one comes at me, swings, takes half my life... ok... raider two comes over from across the freaking map... swings sword kills my dude with the sniper. Raider three comes over swings his tiny knife and takes 80 percent of my medics life.  Imidiately im like... ok there is no place to take cover and this crazy mercs with knifes have basically destroyed my squad on my first random encounter...... exit game.... reload game... restart and change to easy level. i get to the world map to do the mission, and get 3 random encounters before i even get close to the water source. The battles were somewhat more fair. The third random encounter i get is basically impossible to win... AGAIN no place to take cover, sorrounded by this higher level raiders... ALL my dudes die before i even get a chance to freaking make a move... ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I am not going to play this until its actually out and these balance issues are fixed."
76561197974046783,Not Recommended,240760,15407896,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Spider-Mom,"THe positive glowing reviews for this game are a lie. The game is far far to unfinished and its painfully obvious the entire time. Wasteland 2 will leave a bitter taste in your mouth.The game is fairly pollished and not to buggy.Combat is broken, it is always either trivial or compleatly impossible, never a fun challenege. Melee fighting is not an option for more than one character at a time. Energy weapons in this game are COMPLEATLY pointless and a waste of time. They weigh more than anythign else and have no real pourpose unlike in other games, they are all weak. The rest of the overall itemization in this game is unthrilling doldrum. Never at any point will you come across a new weapon and suddenly feel like a real bad♥♥♥♥♥ Its all just small incramental changes. The skillpoint checks agasint locked objects like computers and treasure chests are way to over used, extremely tedious and unrewarding. A chest with a high level lock will never reward the player with a better loot than an unlocked chest. The skill system in this game is nothing more than a bad time sink. THe lack of an entertaining combat system, the stelth system that they never implamented but mention thruout the game, the lack of a pick pocket system, WAAY to much imphasis on speach and a few other problems mean that gameplay is incredibly restrictive. Yu will spend most of your time in Wasteland 2 frustrated in some random city location while searching for an NPC to converse with. I could go on and on with this. Point being, the fact that this game got the PCWorld Game of the Year for 2014 perfectly demonstraits just how corrupt game journalism really is. Either that or the people at PCWorld are all complete and utter morons. And they might be, that magazine isnt good enough for me to wipe my♥♥♥♥♥with.Ad t oall of that that, the game is UGLY as sin, its LITERALLY har to see what you are actually supposed to be interacting with, and when you can see it, ther are many many many many many times when you will not be able to click on the item. clicking on items is 90% of this game, and even that is broken. The camera is absolutly terrible, rotating the camera is some times impossible, the viewing angle (almost strait down!!!) is vertigo inducing and makes playing dificult. YOu can only ever see a very small amount of the game, the FOV is terrible. THe origial Fallout allwed you to see more, and even that game was bad some times as far as the camera went. Do not buy this game."
76561198130238664,Recommended,240760,32756902,Posted: 24 June,all,teh.FunKiller,★★★★★★★★★★ out of ★★★★★★★★★★!
,Not Recommended,240760,10083842,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,nymbot,"DO NOT BUY! This game is not ready for anyone, the font is tiny, the missions don't work, and it's next to impossible to play."
76561198030480161,Not Recommended,240760,25404778,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Eng. Redes e Pescas,"epal:For the most part the game is enjoyable.The second part of the game, LA, is a bit broken, seems rushed as the ending also.Should be only 35h instead of the 50h, they should have focus in quality instead of quantity.Anyway, i enjoyed most part of the game, althoug got a bit tired at the end, and running arround seemed like a chore, in LA with some broken quests.Still recommend this to fans of rpg with some free time. Good to start playing and drop it at 30h mark.The way it ended and the last broken quests, kinda ruined it for me.NOTE:Steam does not register, i have played the DC 51h."
,Not Recommended,240760,14833383,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Paldin,"This game is like Baldur's Gate 2, but with better graphics. It's not with a better interface nor with a better control interface. It's very limited, just like an indie title. I am extremely disappointed with the quality of this game. The voice overs are nice, but they're probably the best part of the game. I had a medic waste turns not able to heal a downed Ranger, just to get get hit in the last round and fall over; then I spent the next two minutes♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because I couldn't get my medic to heal my other unit, and then she DIES just because. WTF is wrong with this game!? I have a downed unit, let me use the item that SPECIFICALLY states that it revives downed units.♥♥♥♥ this game. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Not nostalgic, just a rip off. Even on sale, it's not worth it."
76561198155332762,Not Recommended,240760,21236962,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,drcamburn,Enter Area. Save Game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Load game. Fail something. Pass something. Save Game.
76561198022785995,Not Recommended,240760,18832432,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,glazov2010,I hate it. 39$ waste of my money.
76561198031161830,Recommended,240760,12138983,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Carl,"its frickin wateland 2, not banjo tooie rock band 2 or even mario party 2 its about time is all i can say, lets shoot bugs and hoard ammo!!!!"
76561198019748828,Not Recommended,240760,19685831,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,doomharvester,I love Brian Fargo and I love his work such as Fallout 1 and 2.This game is coming nowhere close to those old games and it literally sucks.The real fallout 3? are u ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?
,Not Recommended,240760,18381556,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,-⑨- Heartfelt Fancy,"They spent so much of their Kickstart budget making an immersive environment and storyline that they had little money left over to make an enjoyable video game--more of an afterthought.When I'm not getting mad at the incomplete controls or the crowded and cumbersome UI or the awful gameplay mechanics, it's pretty good. Knowing what I know now, I would have never Kickstarted this. Wasteland 2 ruined my trust in Kickstarting video games."
76561197978636970,Recommended,240760,23882917,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Frick,gud gaem
76561197981665198,Not Recommended,240760,24707298,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Sathur,This game was a lot of fun until one day I could no longer load the game.
76561198045489446,Not Recommended,240760,32582453,Posted: 19 June,all,scooch619,I would like to rate this high but I can't really play the game. It runs very slowly and I can not get the game to run smooth no matter what fix I've attempted. Very big UI lag and everything seems to run very slowly. I've read the forums and tried every fix suggested and nothing has the game run smooth on my pc. I used NVIDIA Experience to optimize the game and tried running it directly from that software and it still runs poorly.This is the first game I've come across recently that has such performance issues on my PC. I can run Star Citizen on full settings and not have performance issues. Seems odd that a game with less system requirements would run worse than one with higher demands.
76561198077112039,Not Recommended,240760,11844979,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,elshipington,This is pretty terrible. $60 for this... Doesn't feel like any effort has been put into the game. Not to mention it has a $60 dlc! this is day light robery. 3/10. Lift your game.
76561197982989481,Not Recommended,240760,8071221,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Addicted to Sadness,"this game sucks big time.fallout tactics is way better than this even if its so older game. the graphics are very bad and the game in general is made to look like a cheap indie game. the game is too difficult to play not many ammo around, many bugs really guys is that the best u could with 3 milion dolars u got from kickstart? its 2013 for god shake wheres the inspiration of the 80s ......im very dissapointed"
,Not Recommended,240760,25699558,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Vechernyaya,"There are two things I can't stand in this game :Creating a group of four make a bland party, it work better when the player only create one character and all NPC are written by the developers.The dialogue systeme based on keywords make unnatural conversations.4/10"
,Not Recommended,240760,23486461,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Antonius Palatinus,"Rewiews keep telling that this game is like Fallout, and this is very much untrue.I remember walking by a small village made of junk and rust, treading heavily in my power armor. Children were playing around, and the wasteland sun was shining. One kid threw a stone at me, it clancked off my shoulder plate. I decided to play along, picked that stone up and threw back at the kid, my hand accelerated with well-oiled X-series power armor motors. The stone went right through kid's body, he screamed and fell into a puddle of his own blood and entrails. Suddenly i became an all-hated child murdering psycho, but what did i care, i had a Bozar on my back, helload of ammo and iguana on a stick. Terrified villagers heard my helmet-muffled whistling as i walked away, towards the white wasteland sun and new exciting adventures.That's one of my many Fallout memories, and the only memory that Wasteland 2 left is gosh that sucked.Wasteland 2 is on a level of really good tablet or smartphone game. It's built on awful Unity engine, which screams lazyness, it has a tablet-level dumb combat system, bland graphics with no textures, you name it...The plot and setting are extremely uninspired, if you are a veteran of Fallout franchise, you will feel a very strong deja vu.Mutant plants on a food growing facility? Nuclear bomb worshipping fanatics? Robot army? Raiders? Fanatics preserving technology? List could go on but i didn't make it to the end of the game.Quest system is tedious and lacks logic. I remember doing a lot of quests to make peace between two gangs in some village, even did some not obvious things, like disarming bomb on a bycicle quickly, but in the end they still shot each other, i checked on the internet and realized it's all because i didn't kill(on purpose) some drugs producing guy, who had nothing to do with the rivalry!Though i liked some non-obvious thing in game, like strange creature in a cell which asks for candy, strange person standing in a pointless location, it's very rare in modern quest markered games with no mystery to them.Overall, i don't recommend this game to Fallout fans, because it's nothing like it."
,Not Recommended,240760,23698690,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,R0WSD0W3R,"I played Wasteland 2 the original version on the free weekend and had a lot of fun with it, so I picked up the pack when it was on sale. I've just started playing the Directors Cut of this game and it has crashed three times in a row right at the start of the game when I try to enter the wasteland. Games have bugs, I get it but something is causing a crash before I can even really play it."
76561198059011736,Not Recommended,240760,22279212,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Phildo,Toasters are nice!
,Recommended,240760,28672987,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,✿Certified Dank Weeb✿,amazing dats all i got...
,Not Recommended,240760,34787777,Posted: 6 September,all,dejaime=D-Newbie,"This is a review for the DC version of the game.This game, for what it promises, is not even a shadow of what Fallout 1 and 2 were. Aside from the extreme RNG dependency, this game doesn't offer that much. Boring activate-this-object side quests, with little to no thinking required or a minimally decent story made most of this game feel empty and boring. Obvious character progression.Pros:- Individually interesting settlements- Big party that allows for one or two interesting combat encounters- Many companions available in the game- Difficulty levels (mostly affects combat)Cons:- Awful and unjustified performance (this game runs at 30 fps dropping down to 5 fps on the same computer I play The Witcher 3 at 30 fps 1% lows)- Never delivered on their mod-support promise (and probably never will)- Mindless boring quests that rarely require thinking or planning- Obvious and shallow character progression- Full of bugs, crashes, glitches- Gets stuck on loading screens (seems to be their ""top priority bug"" since 2014, according to dev's posts on forums)- Wildly incompatible character portraits that ruin the little immersion you can force yourself into as soon as you see an indian with a geisha portrait (really, why even bother including those?)In the end, this definitely didn't live up to its hype. It's a mediocre tactical RPG with a generic storyline, bland combat and a really shallow character system.This definitely doesn't even remind me of old Fallout games.Not worth half its price."
76561198132890650,Not Recommended,240760,34216179,Posted: 13 August,all,fw12,"This game was very good for the first 50-60% of it. I loved the original Wasteland a long time ago, and the Fallout 1&2 style system is a much needed relief of FPS. The open plot many different paths to take made it a good adventure.But them for some reason they decided to throw in moderation political issues, and it became spitefully anti-christian and offensive in other ways. Why exactly, in a post atomic war wasteland, where there’s no government and almost no civilization, are same-sex marriage, marijuana legalization, and banking regulation hot button issues?!? You no longer had the plot options you had in the first part, so you couldn’t avoid all of that, and it sadly ruined the game.But maybe that was because they used all their good ideas in the first part of the game and in the second part in the new location, they ran out of ideas, like a tv show that went on for too many seasons."
76561197970669269,Not Recommended,240760,9993521,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,thedruidknights,Super Junk! money grab with no substance! Aweful graphics and controls DO NOT WASTE your money!
,Not Recommended,240760,12191475,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Loki,Missing: The Game
,Not Recommended,240760,18827627,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Fat Operator,boring
,Recommended,240760,8062151,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Burst Fire,pre alpha code
,Not Recommended,240760,34547218,Posted: 28 August,all,オバマラマ - すしねこ,"I ran into a problem that had a VERY specific solution (needed someone with a particular skill), but that felt like it broke the flow of the game, and I needed to use a guide to find it.It was alright, but I doubt I'll be picking it up again in my lifetime."
76561198026396507,Not Recommended,240760,12160159,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,CHAR SIU FAN,"Got the early access, never played it."
,Recommended,240760,12147307,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,mRbL4cK,I really miss aimed shots. For me that ruined the game.
,Recommended,240760,23028230,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
76561198052772548,Not Recommended,240760,10293965,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Fritz,"This is probably the worst game I have ever bought on steam, it is so painful to play, so slow, so boring, so over the top expensive, I can not fathom how the developers can justify its pricetag, and then have the nerve to try and sell an expansion for another 45 dollars ... unbelievable as the game is still in beta.  I seriously believe the developers and just going for the easy money of gullible people to produce this unbelievable piece of trash.  Seriously, don't buy this game"
,Recommended,240760,23481730,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Cool Guy Sexhaver,A glorified dungeon crawler.
,Not Recommended,240760,18299929,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Rambo First Blunt,"Too Hard, Random encounters, ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198004818498,Recommended,240760,23382434,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Merigold,I'm a big Fallout fan. This is as close as you'll get.Loved it.
76561198053988784,Not Recommended,240760,23509246,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Stephen,"I very much expected one type of game, and was incredibly dissapointed in what was provided. As opposed to an openworld RPG type game, it is far closer to a linear game. You are rushed from site to site, automatically forced to abandon ones the game forces you not to reach. None of it felt very fun at all."
,Recommended,240760,12147043,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Milky,Outstanding. enough said.
76561197994518560,Not Recommended,240760,24171674,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,GarGaMauL,boring.
,Not Recommended,240760,25955002,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,road to suicide,Wasteland 2 aka save-load simulator:65% of making a positive review10% of making a negative reviewcritical failure!
,Not Recommended,240760,29757890,Posted: 7 February,all,ˢʰᵉᶦᵏᵒ (America's Ahmed),"For all the content this game says it has, Character creation is pretty bad leaving you with an easily forgetable team, combat is pretty repetitive, and ammo is non-existant.The atmosphere is supposed to be dark and serious but the ingame jokes are aweful and the voice acting makes my head hurt.If you love watching a shotgun miss a target 2 feet away, this is your game."
76561198028010444,Not Recommended,240760,23592485,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,abuse5066,"An extremely boring example of fallout-inspired games.Tons of text, dull graphics, identical locations - even corpses and blood strains are in the same positions.I better go play FO2 again"
,Not Recommended,240760,28500672,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,I can't think of a single good thing to say about this game.The combat is bad.  The story isn't interesting.  The graphics and sound are early 2000s Russian Shovelware quality.The RPG system is a disaster.   Toaster Repair?  Really?Get out.
76561198257920482,Recommended,240760,23303507,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Malakarz,THis game is Awesome! need more DLC
,Not Recommended,240760,25234871,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Byxorna,Every part of this game feels unpolished and unplaytested. The mechanics are annoying and the graphics will make you wonder if it isn't still 2007.
,Not Recommended,240760,28830924,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dante McCoy,Art design sucks! it not match the price mark! and UI sucks! and camera sucks! Animation sucks! How can they charge so much for a kickstart project these days?
76561197962055362,Not Recommended,240760,30090070,Posted: 21 February,all,herrmojo,Unbelievably laggy to play. To the point where it becomes unplayable. And considering the technology that runs the game? Unacceptable.
76561198008973556,Not Recommended,240760,9739438,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,hazz,♥♥♥♥♥house
76561198061871948,Not Recommended,240760,10092565,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,GPM,NO.
76561197994443719,Not Recommended,240760,23370089,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Soldier888,"The game is boring, gameplay is subpar it's actually crappier than Fallout Tactics.You'd think they would be able to make a better game than Fallout Tactics but nope, they were not able.The story for the game is also crappier than Fallout Tactics.It's like a crappier Fallout Tactics.Furthermore the developers are c***s that think they can copyright and trademark generic words.This crap is best avoided. Don't reward bullies."
,Not Recommended,240760,21310889,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Kharne,"A piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥rip off of fallout 4. Unbelievable.P.S. Your son is the villain at the end of Fallout 4, you kill him or nuke the commonwealth."
,Not Recommended,240760,23530039,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Ben Harris,"Wow, I've never had to google what the hell I'm supposed to be doing or gotten stuck in an RPG so many times since the 90's.  Refund, here I come!"
,Not Recommended,240760,23009881,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,wtfomgbbq,"Hard to get into, overrated. Wouldn't have written a review if I hadn't heard about the lawsuit involving ""The Alien Wasteland"" game. Shame on you inxile - I thought you were one of the good guys. Instead, you are just a trademark troll.Enjoy my bad review."
76561198006573232,Not Recommended,240760,18439505,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Warhawke,So many bad gameplay decisions. Just stay away.
76561198030943643,Recommended,240760,23473108,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,calson33,Great Game.  I am sure others can explain it better than I can.
76561197964878156,Not Recommended,240760,23087519,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,TOG | CapGun,nope for me.Got a refund straight away.Fallout tactics is much better
,Not Recommended,240760,22793892,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,rawbelly,Wishes it was Action Alien.
76561198052487279,Not Recommended,240760,22897316,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Tilted,"57 hours into this game.  After that Alien Wasteland incident, not going to touch it again."
76561198167667963,Not Recommended,240760,23086312,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Clemency,Not sure if the devs are legal trolls...
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,240760,23505559,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Buzzerker,"Wasteland 2 is a good name for this piece of monumental crap. Buy Fallout 4 instead. Thsi will only♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Could have been cool but although the graphics are nice the game play is retro , the play map is confining , claustrophobic , the combat is mediocre , it's like the people who made this game knew how to make the graphics better but the game mechanics are as old as Fallout , by that I mean the first one....."
,Not Recommended,240760,23486078,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,undercat,"The designs, visuals and fonts are ugly AF and are less inspired than those from Fallout 1, the jokes are not funny, and making ""in your face"" fun of other games implying yours is better is like the Uwe Boll tier of cheapness.I can see it being better than Fallout 4 or Fallout Tactics, but that is not saying anything.Now go away and draw your own conclusions if you have any brain cells left. Me, I'm just disappointed it is ""not Van Buren""."
76561198002161454,Not Recommended,240760,23474046,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,joseph,1.5/7
76561198027326323,Recommended,240760,10686063,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,pachuko,Good so far
76561198027169923,Recommended,240760,11115205,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Starlord,It would become one of the masterpiece rpg game in game history.
,Recommended,240760,29528781,Posted: 27 January,all,Globnet,"Good story, interesting locations and characters!"
76561197980896005,Not Recommended,240760,13834972,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sol,"It's a tactical, turn based rpg, a genre that demands a great AI to be awesome. Everything else is pretty much secondary, and they fail at it. AI is stupid, which makes the combat bland at best.Unless they fix the AI, don't buy this.Even on sale, i kinda regret getting it. Gets dull fast.Don't get me wrong, it's playable, if you don't expect tough opponents.6/10"
76561197980770487,Recommended,240760,17971885,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Trinis,"One of the better squad based games in recent memory.  Provided hours and hours of entertainment.  Difficulty starts off high, unless you know exactly how to allocate your skill points and build your characters.  It gets much easier towards the end with the right combination of skills and party load out.Very few cons to this game!"
76561197988410749,Recommended,240760,17979126,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Anti-ist,"It's fine. I want to like this game a lot more than I do, but I just don't. It's not bad, so don't take it that way. Obviously, I am still recommending it (only because I can't in good conscience say that I would tell people not to play it). I have played it off and on, but can't really get into it. Mostly, I blame myself for wanting something that this game doesn't pretend to be (a Fallout game). I played the first Wasteland and remember thinking, ""It's fine I guess."" Buy it if you understand that this game is great for a bit of nostalgia, but nothing too exciting. Is that harsh? Maybe, but you have to make a damn fine game to impress with isometric RPGs these days. 5.1/10"
,Recommended,240760,18085611,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Jacob_Applehoof,"So it's been a while since I initially picked up Wasteland 2 on a whim. I'm not a stark supporter or against the idea of the game. I wasn't a kickstart supporter, nor was I one who got swept away in the hype before the game came out. Comeing back to the game, I've had time to mull over my choices, as well as the game in general. I believe, without a doubt, that this was one of the best RPG games I've ever played.Don't get me wrong, it's not open-ended or loose with the story. You can't just run around and do what you want. You are on rails with the story for most main segments of the game. Where it shines, however, is in just how powerful the game's willpower is in letting you choose what happens. Most games have their ""in order to get the best outcome, you have to do this"" situation that I always feel pushed towards. In Skyrim, for example, they always pushed you towards one side. If you were on the rebel's side, you were always pushed towards one stock ending for that story ark. Wasteland 2, weather by misfortune or by choice, allows your mistakes to shape the story. If you kill innosents along the way through saving a city, you'll most likely find the city upset about who you killed, or at least less happy about your intervention of their problem. It's not ""do X to get Y response"" but instead every X you have to do can yield various Y responces.This is the real way that Wasteland 2 shines. I do wish more morality issues came up that weren't isolated insodents. Many a time missions would either be ""large strings of missions with a resolution"" or ""little one-off missions"" and very little between it. It's a small gripe, as well as my wish for combat to be a tad easier at the start. This game really is a trial-by-fire game and causals won't find it easy.This game easily gets a 9.5/10 for me,  only lowered by the slight anoience I have when re-playing certain segments I wish were more open-ended."
76561198048027966,Recommended,240760,17113966,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Jester,Boring and overly complicated.EDIT:Well after giving it another change i can say that this game is pretty addicting
76561198081966238,Recommended,240760,17700641,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,berderder,One of my favorites. Will edit this later.
,Recommended,240760,17709217,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Snow Leeroy Jenkins,"Yes, good game and recommended. I took 116 hours to have fun with this game."
76561198071423871,Recommended,240760,11538524,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Cruce Bampbell,"Really Good. Brian Fargo heading this up couldnt have been better. He does an excellent job with post apocalyptic games, as shown in the Fallout series, which is another favorite of mine. Great game, a little expensive for early access, but still well worth it."
76561198065634716,Recommended,240760,11513559,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,aaronlovestoni,I am on a Destiny withdrawl.  This is the perfect game to fill my itch.Simple sweet and to the point. Awsome game.
76561198041276675,Recommended,240760,11443318,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,daltonp10,"This is by far one of the best turn base rpg out to date, very fun played since alpha version, worth all 60 bucks"
,Recommended,240760,11605117,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Jesus Freeman McBigTitties,For those of you who know Brian Fargo and his amazing works I recommend this game to you. I am a big fan of the Fallout series and simply love the older games more for the simple fact that they are amazing RPG games. Wasteland 2 is the sequel to the cult hit Wasteland and the predecessor to Fallout. This game offers a great turn based action with a solid storyline. Like I said if you know Brian Fargo and love his older works such as the original fallouts you need to get this game. its just simply beautiful.
76561197993366323,Recommended,240760,12191663,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Fox Damien,Great game
,Recommended,240760,12192223,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Impulse,"Old school RPG gaming is back!  They hit just about all the high notes they needed to.  The only problem they have is that Divinity Original Sin came out a couple months before and knocked the ball out of the park.  This new version already feels dated and a little hand cuffed, but I think that's more due to Divinity being so good versus this not quite living up to the same expectations.  Still an excellent game for any classic RPG fans."
,Recommended,240760,12193184,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Penthouse Pauper,Awesome. Never have I played anything like it. Am I making mistakes? All the time. But am I am learning from those mistakes? Absolutly.Buy this game and call in sick for a week.
76561198006879846,Recommended,240760,12193509,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,zarovich,"I Like this game, take what was good about good old title that make my teenage years.So many attempt to do that was not great and some was painfully bad.But not this one!If you liked Fallout 1 and 2 that a game for you."
76561198107051680,Recommended,240760,12193591,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,VollandS,cool game ! . i like it !!
,Recommended,240760,12193788,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Crake,Reminds me of the first time I play Fallout.
76561197970750279,Recommended,240760,12195210,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Warbwaat,Amazing game with what I have found to be good replayablity(due to playing in early access was forced to restart many times.) I love the humor and vibe of the world.
,Recommended,240760,12195245,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Probittius,"This is what Fallout 3 should have been. If you like RPG's, turn-based strategy games, great stories, and a healthy sense of humor, then you need to be playing this game RIGHT NOW."
,Recommended,240760,12195780,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Novalight,"If you're a fan of the classic Fallout 2 style gameplay, you'll enojy this."
76561198036729486,Recommended,240760,12196094,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,John,"Other working titles include:Gun Jamming SimulatorandSave Scum TrainerThumbs up for potential, but many balance and scaling issues need to be addressed, as well as a plethora of bugs."
76561198014250475,Recommended,240760,12196277,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Shaels,"I could never get into the original Fallout games. I liked what they were trying, but they just felt so dated. Well, Wasteland 2 gave me just what they needed. If you're a fan of the original Fallout titles, Wasteland 2 is a must. The game is a breath of fresh air for a very familiar setting, boasting the impressive feat of bringing the classic isometric gameplay into the modern era of gaming in nearly flawless form. Character building is entirely free form, and the RPG elements are abundant.A solid installment to the post-apocalyptic genre."
76561197970528471,Recommended,240760,12162860,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,-DI- R3dl1ne,5/5
,Recommended,240760,12162966,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,bosko.,"This game is awesome.Few games really stick out for me interms of single player experiences. My top single player games are Fallout 3/New Vegas and Xcom Enemy Unknown. I know that the original wasteland is the ancestor of the Fallout series and now I can see why. This game plays just like it in terms of skills and attributes from the RPG side of things. All my worries about how the gameplay would end up like have been put to rest. I'm an XCOM fanatic, I enjoy creating squads and seeing them kick♥♥♥♥♥while picking up loot, and this plays very similarly to how that worked. I'm only a few hours into my first play through but I'm really enjoying the story, the graphics and the satisfaction you get from exploring the wastelands. So if you enjoy turn based strategy like Xcom, and the elements of Fallout, get this game. I had to thing about it for a while but I'll just say you'll love it because everyones experience will be different."
,Recommended,240760,12164232,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,bdbeckley,"Sofar has been very enjoyable, combat is very difficult; but having a great time.  A fine refrain from Xcom, so far enjoyable experience, trying to learn the system."
,Recommended,240760,12164463,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,UberWarri0r,One of the best RPGs to come out in years. Highly recommended for fans of the old Fallout games.
76561198032116190,Recommended,240760,12164604,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Templar8899,Great job! This is how Fallout 3 should of be done!
76561198051826701,Recommended,240760,12172769,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Suibhne mac Ciaran,"How would life continue after a nuclear devasatation? As we all know, nature always finds a way... or in this case that remains to be seen. Sure cannibalism is an option! Or perhaps mutating the crops?! Just be aware of carrots... and tomatoes...Well, Wasteland 2 certainly has an appeal for old-cRPG lovers. It has much more modern look but the feelings and atmosphere remain old-school. That might be not to everyone´s tastes, but... I do not think the game was orientated on the FPS players. Why? Because there´s reading and a whole bunch of it. Something that would scare majority of those people away and you know what, it is a good thing. This is not a streamlined experience. This is game which in fact throws you out into the world like a toddler. Perhaps a toddler squad with iron teeth, but nevertheless you will find yourself in situations of despair and sadness after making a call that you will regret. Wasteland is harsh and adapt to it, you must!All in all, everyone who loved the all Fallouts will have a good time with this game!"
76561198032840947,Recommended,240760,12173255,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Queenpin,"The game f'n rocks, however... will there be another optimization patch or something? my pc heats up like crazy playing this game. divinity used to until the release patch. just wondering and hoping."
76561197987118892,Recommended,240760,12173356,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Shimshaw,Great game very in depth not water downed like alot of the RPG games out there. HUGE game.
,Recommended,240760,12173453,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Vyebrows,"10/10, would bang"
76561197971214277,Recommended,240760,12173587,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,NiLdotZer0,"Wer Fallout 1 u. 2 mochte wird sich hier sofort wohlfühlen, eine Reise zurück in die 90er. Leider auch technisch, hier merkt man die begrenzten Mittel eines Kickstartet- Games.Trotzdem ein super Spiel, uneingeschränkte Empfehlung für jeden, der mit old school RPGs und Endzeit was anfangen kann."
76561198030139339,Recommended,240760,12174221,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,lisnic.victor,Killed by a booby traped pile of cow♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
,Recommended,240760,12214829,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ineedbettername,"Oh my god yes. This game takes almost everything that people loved about Fallout 2, and adds *more* player agency. If you crit failed a lockpick check, there's always the option to just break down the door or kick the crate to pieces. If you're put below 0 HP, you're not instantly dead as in most other games. Instead, a character can either be knocked unconscious, in which case they'll revive themselves for 1 HP a turn until positive health, or be bleeding out, losing 1 HP per turn until death.In that state, a character can be revived by another with the Surgeon skill, or finished off by a particularly sadistic enemy. Unfortunately, I have yet to encounter NPCs that use this mechanic, leading me to believe that it's a player hand-holding device. I would love to see this implemented for higher difficulties, since it would make the combat that much deeper.Also, you can legitimately spend skill points on ""Toaster Repair"". And it's worth it. They can have awesome loot in them!"
76561197970534805,Recommended,240760,12214932,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,BoNeMacHiNe,"Awesome game, addictive."
,Recommended,240760,12215361,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Husa,"It's what I hoped it would be and then some! The squad mechanics bring some good variation to fights if you're a fallout veteran and the difficulty is just right (atleast for me) at seasoned, stick your nose into a wrong place and you're in trouble. The game itself rocks, but UI/framerate is a bit clunky at times.The script and dialogue is mostly good, but it has it's ups and downs. Worst part of the game comes when the player group transfers to a bigger area, but once you get there the game really starts to shine. I feared that the devs might put too much effort on the earlier part of the game, but I was wrong.Gameplay feels ""oldchool"", you can screw up in various ways and you will see npc's stronger than you. Avoid fights that you can't win, don't hit your head on a brickwall for hours if you stumble on an enemy that is way beyond your groups ability. Grenades/rocketlaunchers are a really powerful tool."
,Recommended,240760,13719002,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Cronenberg Rick,"Great game, with a few bugs. The Arizona part of the game is great, they beta tested that before release. But as for the California part of the game it gets quite buggy. Most are just annoying, but there were a couple of game breaking ones I ran into. California really feels like a beta test. Once that is all patched up this will be a 9.5/10 game. For now it's more like 7/10 but still highly recommended."
,Recommended,240760,13719150,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ra'Senché,"if you like the old topdown fallout your gone love this, <;3or if you liked the idea of them but the old fallout games are to old to like playing like me ><"
,Recommended,240760,13719167,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Professor,"This game is unbelievably amazing. When it first came out, it had serious bugs that the developers have been working seemingly endlessly to fix. And they've done so successfully, I might add. If you are a fan of the original Fallout games, or even if you've never experienced a command-rpg experience, this is the game you want to start with. For sure. 1000/10"
76561197980192607,Recommended,240760,13562170,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,[gbx]BigTuna,Easily one of the best RPG's of the last 5 years.
76561198080337317,Recommended,240760,13587927,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,TIMMY!!!,Awesome game. Similar to Fallout series games. Well done after all the patches. There are not many like this. Good story line for those who like the stories. You can skip dialogues if you are interested in action mostly. Pretty realistic physics. Good looking. Funny sometimes.Edit: should be played on the 3rd of 4 difficulty levels.10/10
76561198007420544,Recommended,240760,13579795,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,orge121,This game is very fun and stupid deep. Purchase!
,Recommended,240760,13869995,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,haunted,"Similar in play style to the original Fallout games. Good writing sprinkled with doses of humor in the right places. The lore is very interesting, and there's a bit of side reading to do if you're into that, but it's not required to enjoy the main story. A few skills feel like they were not fully implemented or thought out, for example Alarm Disarming. The companions are fun and add some additional dialogue and observations. The game does not hold your hand at all: I had to restart 3 times before I figured out how to make a ""balanced"" party. A little bit of Googling for party suggestions is highly recommended before you make your characters.Overall, a very solid game. Well worth the wait. If you enjoyed the original Fallouts, you will love this."
76561198042032371,Recommended,240760,13870146,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,CoolGuy,"Definitely one of the best games I've played to date. While that's could be certainly considered conjecture, I find that Wasteland 2's style, gameplay, and even sense of humor make it an excellent experience. The game allows you to tackle most problems in your own preferred style, with your rangers deciding to handle every problem with a bullet, their brain or some mix between."
,Recommended,240760,13871982,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,S4ndm4n,"Let me start by stating three facts : 1. Sadly I didn't play wasteland 1( I say sadly cuz if it was anything like this one it really is a shame to have missed that moment in gaming history) 2. I don't do long reviews,there's good ones already. 3. I bought it while on early access and have played more than it shows.So in that spirit, if you're a fan of fallout 1,2,...or baldur's gate gameplay in an apocalyptic post-nuclear war setting you won't regret buying this game.Graphic wise it's not amazing, but that's the only con I can master myself to find in this otherwise perfect game that will take you back, way way back to when videogames weren't all about money and more about quality and fun(that's if you were alive during that time xD)."
76561198142409645,Recommended,240760,13872477,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,DannyNova,"This game is amazing.  the concept is sound, it's got that old school kick you in the♥♥♥♥♥till your down than knock out your teeth to finish you off vibe with the graphics of this generation game.  If you enjoy strategey games like jagged alliance, fallout tactics, or final fantasy tactics your gonna have a fun time with this one right here."
76561198008054246,Recommended,240760,13819645,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Coronado,Sotry and setting similar to Fallout New Vegas. Combat style similar to Xcom Enemy Unknown. Excellent game. Very challening and lots of tough decisions and places to explore. I wish there was more content.
,Recommended,240760,13821639,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,The Lone Wanderer,Shovel Simulator 2014
76561198042790178,Recommended,240760,13214689,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,thepunkway,"Just like the good old days of fallout 1&2. Great game, you really can do just about anything. A few annoying restrictions, like not being able to safecrack a trapped safe and just take the damage hit, but generally a great game. given the size of the file against the quality of graphics, i'd imagine this is going to wind up being a huge world.Edit: I'm an idiot, I was using the wrong skill. apparently there's a few different methods to opening different safes."
76561197976589263,Recommended,240760,13862343,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,MOSEZ__,Really really good new style (old style) rpg. fair bit of reading but a really good story line with lots of ways to Interact.i also purchased divinity but this is far far better. better combat. and has a far better feel then its counterpart. would highly recommend
76561198007813436,Recommended,240760,13862413,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,JMC17,"Seriously, no but seriously.. Brian Fargo and Mark Morgan.Do you really need more?Just buy it already."
76561198006827948,Recommended,240760,13862504,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,gseidi,"This is one of the very few games that actually gets almost everything done right. If you are a fan of tactical turn based squad combat, this is right there with the undying classics such as JA2 and the first Follout games. The only, minor, criticism is that a few of the skills bear very little relevance on the outcome of the game, but I hope this will be corrected in the future. I very much appreciate the level of commitment shown by the developers, who regularly come out with patches for the game even now in its already very mature stage. One of the five best games EVER."
,Recommended,240760,13862549,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Ehrgeiz,"Amazing game, love it!"
76561197972243414,Recommended,240760,13801100,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Agent Zippy,"Played 20 minutes, crashed, Played 10 minutes locked up, turned off all graphical setting that effect game performance crashed after 20 minute, turned off crossfire mode and made sure I have the latest video drivers for my Radeon R7770 video cards, uninstalled and reinstalled to a different drive still crashing and locking up.  Dell T3400 running  Win 7 Pro 64 bit Intel(R) Core(TM)2 Extreme CPU Q6850  @ 3.00GHz, 3000 Mhz, 4 Core(s), 4 Logical Processor(s) 8 gb ram.  What little I've been able to play has been good but I would recommend caution before purchasing this game it needs more work.  To be clear I I have 212 Steam games and I run most graphically intensive games with the graphics running on very high or Ultra with no problems so it's not a problem with my rig.  I would like to give this game a good rating but in this condition I can't do it.  If they correct these problems I'll revise this review.UPDATE:InXile did a great job of support working with me. Ultimately determined that I needed to verify the game cache several times before it resolved the problem. Even when the cache verification said it was ok the game would crash afrer about 20 minutes. So per their recommendation I ran it 3 times in a row verififying the cache was ok each time. I have now played for 3 hours without any problems. I am loving the game it has real depth from what I've seen so far and hits that sweet spot that no game since fallout I and II has been able to fill. I'm still very early in the game and I'll update this review if my impressions change."
,Recommended,240760,13876736,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Douchebag Extraordinaire,"Do I recommend this game? ♥♥♥♥ yeah I do.Remember those moments in Fallout 1/2/T, where everything felt right? The humor, the gameplay, the story? Wasteland 2 has that without feeling like a slog because of old unintuitive controls. They weren't kidding about the modern sensibilities of this game. Obviously not a perfect game but one of the best games to come out in a long time."
,Recommended,240760,13876961,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Nerf dis lol,It's likes Fallout 1&2 but with tons of quest and dialoges(As you can see with 25GB).First bit is pretty boring but later becomes more interesting.
,Recommended,240760,21247542,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Trayne,"You like early Fallout series and Sword Coast titles?  This is the game for you.  It's old school for those who want a real challenge.  Bought this and XCOM2 at the same time, can't stop playing this one......"
76561198044735557,Recommended,240760,21292260,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,DrTomT18,"This game wants so badly to be both Classic Fallout, as well stick to its origin as WastelandIt ends up in a weird place. A good place mind you, but weird.Its very unforgiving. One moment you'll be acing all your skill rolls, the good times will rollthe next, you're out of water, the enemies are killing you in just a few shots, and you have no idea what the hell you did wrong.Its pretty neat."
76561198167751722,Recommended,240760,21296545,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mister_Steak,"Post apocalyptic turn based strategy. And the choices you make throughout the game end up having consequences. Not all that difficult, but very much an enjoyable experience."
76561197970656751,Recommended,240760,21243729,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Le_kAmiKaZe,"Im not far in the directo's cut but so far it seems they fixed the backgrounds not being aligned and designed to fit with characters, which was my biggest complaint about the original Wasteland 2. Everything seems slightly more polished and i like it a lot more than the original release.I will try to update my review as i progress in this version."
76561197969749884,Recommended,240760,23654908,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"A really great game to be realized after so many years. It's not perfect, but it has soul. And it is fun. And has entirely crazy characters and factions.The sequel to the prodigal inspiration for the entire Fallout series."
,Recommended,240760,23564716,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Dylirium,"awsome game, but they srcewed the pooch during the sale event.  40 bucks?  naw  20 buck all day.  to the wishlist it goes"
76561198047976213,Recommended,240760,23551568,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Pascow,Game itself is excellent. Steam however messed the free trial + discount combo. You could not purchase the game with discount if you had installed the free trial. That is until the discount ended. Now there is a purchase button again with the normal price.
,Recommended,240760,23521173,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,millerk420,I am looking for a new post-apocalyptic and tried out the first few moments of Wasteland for free.  So far I am enjoying it.  An hour in and I think I am going to buy the full version so I can keep playing the directors cut without having to start over.  Can't beat 50% off either.  It takes me back to the good ole Fallout days.
76561198040642365,Recommended,240760,23528216,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Snootch,"This is a great game for turn-based RPG fans.  There is a ton of reading to do, as is required of the genre, but it nevertheless enables you to be a part of the story in ways that simple actions cannot.The character building seems to be a weakness in this game, primarily because the player will want to ""do everything,"" but spreading around Skill Points makes that desire very challenging.  Personally, I got frustrated when I couldn't ""do everything,"" such as be a ""Hard A s s,"" because I couldn't budget the Skill Points for it, but then that opportunity was over.  Not a game changer in the grand scheme of things, but again... I like to ""do everything.""The combat system for Wasteland 2 is about 50 times better than something like Shadowrun.  The percentage chances for hitting and missing in Wasteland 2 actually make some sense, and you will be properly rewarded or penalized for combat decisions you make.  Games in the same genre as Wasteland 2, like Shadowrun, have these super-frustrating ""random number generation"" combat systems where you will miss your targets so much so (even with 92% ""success chance"") that you will yell at the freaking video game developers when things are abundantly unfair or unpredictable.  Thus, Wasteland 2 is much more strategic and fun when you have a fairly certain understanding of the risks of your decisions.  Wasteland 2 is much more fair (whether you die or live) in the combat system than other games in the genre, and thus makes you want to play it longer and care more about the story and your characters, comparatively speaking.The other things I love about the combat system in Wasteland 2 are the abilities to (1) sort of ""sneak attack"" a bad guy (say, with your sniper) and get the fight started before they are ready, and (2) duck behind cover and increase your chances of survival (very similar to the XCOM combat system).  Given the fairness and strategic impacts of Wasteland 2's combat system, those alone have given me the ability to recommend this game to any fan of the genre.  (I do no recommend playing Shadowrun, which breaks my heart to say.)Really, XCOM and Wasteland will be your two primary turn-based, isometric RPGs that you will be playing on your computer for a long time to come."
76561198100022670,Not Recommended,240760,13351249,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,thedeviousturd,second and final editwill never buy from this dev againjack♥♥♥♥♥trying to smush the little guysno respect for you
,Recommended,240760,23545769,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,porterfieldm,"Reminds me of the original Wasteland and Fallout, Fallout 2 and Fallout Tactics. Funny and fun."
76561198219465693,Recommended,240760,23545774,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,gstgnotpc,This truly is the game that fallout3 should have been. Everything you may have come to expect from the original fallout games but improved upon by modern game design ten fold.
76561198019267460,Recommended,240760,23553814,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Stuke Nukem,Good stuff. Worth the buy.
,Recommended,240760,23534811,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Dapac,"The Director's Cut wasteland 2 elevates the classic Fallout experience to a new, modern level for. The initial launch of the game feels incomplete in terms of gameplay and features compared to Director's Cut. The game shines especially after you finish the first 5/6 mission, when choice and consequences really become strikingly obvious."
,Recommended,240760,23540299,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Rag Maggot,if you like fallout 1-2 you might like this.
,Recommended,240760,13232656,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,SEVENTEENPOINT1,To say this game is big is an understatement. I am very picky with my games and this fits every requirement that I have for modern games. The game looks very good and it has a rather intiresting story to it with many different enemys and terrain. I do get some graphical glitches some times but that is remedied by just changing the camera. As a fan of the orignal Fallout games I can easily say this is a game in the same teir as those games. Is it worth the $40 you may ask? Of course it is with all the things to explore in the game it will keep you entertained for quite a long time.
76561198019873377,Recommended,240760,13209827,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,MechJibb,"Well, Hmm.Its a good game, heres my break down.Pros:-Combat is tense, and pushes you to learn each skill you may need and how to get them into action-brings back the long lost RPG feel-easy to learn combat (also a con in some terms)-The fun level is med-High as far as turn based RPG's go-Exploring the wasteland is fun (see con)Cons:-the comabt is much to simple, I understand its a turn based RPG, but it falls back on the classic style far to much imothere is a real reason gamers have move on to more complex combat systems. (Gaming has progressed and this feels like a step backwards)-the GUI is overly confusing, somethings are in the perfect spot, others are hard to understand. (how many times did I drop something when I wanted it on my tool bar?)-Saying ""goodbye"" never seems to shut up the rambling talker.....I found myself letting them talk on mute, while I watched HULU.-The graphic seem a bit out of date. I have old WOW accounts that have better Toon graphics.-Exploring the map is at best discribed as wtching a star move through a sea of sand. Yay.Sum:- Get it for less then $30 and it will be good deal, less then $15 and its a great deal-If you played the classic as a kid, youll get a kick out of some of the game play.-Mute some of the voice actting, trust me. I watch Doctor Who while I play, :D-Dont get it if your a gamer who wants high end graphics and massive textures and details. You will not be happy.Cheers!"
76561198056172277,Recommended,240760,13246735,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Mahoney88,Had a slow start trying to understand everything but on my third attempt I am loving this game. Best money ive spent on steam this year.
,Recommended,240760,13250016,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Bangor the Dark,"Finally a new RPG which it is easy to lose oneself in. This game gives me associations to Baldur's Gate and of course the Fallout series. The game does not coddle you, your actions have consequences and the dialogue is more engaging than most RPG games of this day and age. The game also does not rush you, but rather lets you play a focused game more than button-mashing associated with some action and hack'n slash games.Well worth the asking price :)"
,Recommended,240760,13244064,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ZimZam,Great f****ing game!
76561197965990088,Recommended,240760,13126659,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,CatNip,"There are not many games that make me play. This is one of them.Isotopic view may not be the current affair in gaming, but i think it has its charm and not just for oldies.The story is well told and (i haven't finished yet) the presentation is great.Where Fallout 3 was telling a good story and offered a 1st person view of the world, this is closer to the original Fallout setting. Even though you are not the single hero in the game, you are a band of people that as rangers fight the good fight.So far i enjoy the game a lot. What i did not do was to buy it as it came out so i am not sure about all the bugs the game originally had. But now, it is great and i have a fun time.I do hope that we will see some more coming down the line with DLC's or a follow up.For everyone that enjoys rpg's this is for sure a game to get if you don't mind to work with the isotopic view."
76561198120232809,Recommended,240760,13124989,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,CJ,"This game hangs or crashes like every 10-20 minutes, mostly when saving or loading."
,Recommended,240760,13102972,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Eadgar,"The game is very much like Fallout 1 and 2. If you liked those, you'll like Wasteland 2. There's a story, there's turn-based combat, there are tons of skills, items, and stats to customise your characters with.However, the graphics sometimes put me off a bit. The environments look old and unrealistic. The character models are cartoonish and clunky. They look nothing like their character portraits. However, any items your characters use, like clothes weapons, or weapon attachments, are visible on the models."
,Recommended,240760,13115156,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"I've been playing for somewhere around 6hours, and i havent beaten the first mission. WTF."
,Not Recommended,240760,12177237,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,t895zx,"I wish I hadn't played Divinity: Original Sin before trying Wasteland 2. I would have been completely impressed by the immersiveness of the game and the oldschool interactivity with meaningful choices. I am struggling to get into this game as Divinity: Original Sin set the bar so much higher for the genre.Please give me some inspiration to continue playing this game. It simply feels dated in the game mechanics, graphics and overall customizability."
,Recommended,240760,13079330,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,<{FB}>Akdar,"This was really well done.  It had all the feel of the old wasteland and the old fallout games.  As much as I enjoyed Fallout 3, this was more fun.  The only quality issue I ran into was in the Hollywood area there was a bit of quest bugs because I don't think I did things in the order they were expecting.If you haven't tried the old wasteland and fallout games before and you're looking for a good RPG, give this one a try.  The story plot lines were good.  The voice acting was well done.  You really have to make choices in your character development and you really come to have a unique feel for each of your characters.  And you feel like your choices make a difference."
76561198053301750,Recommended,240760,13087117,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ϟϟ jolttt☠ ︻デ┳═ー.,one of the most fun and just plain AWESOME iso-character RPGS i have got to play recently and SO SO SO WELL WORTH THE MONEY :D:D its challenging and tactical! you have to set you party up properly and use the environment to accomplish your fights and kick♥♥♥♥♥ the story is awesome and all the plentiful side missions have been so much fun so far and im barely into the main story yet but so far its great :D I cant wait to play more and YOU should consider picking yourself up a copy !!!
,Recommended,240760,13030721,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,EpicPenguin,"I've had wasteland 2 since week 1 of early access on steam and the game has consistently been enjoyable, even with the bugs. Now that the game is finished I have finally returned to the wasteland to find that the bugs are fixed, the game runs 5 times as well on my computer, and that the user interface and turn based comabt is smoother and better than before.The turn based combat is enjoyable and complex enough to be intresting and challenging throughout the game, without being difficult to understand or figure out as a beginner.The choices and rpg elements are deep with real consequences, decisions need to be weighed carefully before choosing.However I would have prefered more cosmetic customization options in the party/character creation even though there are plenty of options, in that respect more is always better, in my honest opinion.To sum up this is a game I would definently recommend to people who have enjoyed fallout, or similar rpgs, those who like a deep narrative with interesting choices and those who enjoy tactical party based combat - e.g. XCOM."
,Recommended,240760,13030735,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,joskei,"I originally downloaded this game from the internet (via torrent). After I played it for 40 hours, I decided it was so good that I had to go buy the digitial deluxe version (If you like a game, support the developers!). If you're a fan of tactics games, especially ones with a warped sense of humor, you owe it to yourself to pick this game up.Another awesome thing about this game is that there is no DLC, they provide new stuff (and bug fixes) via patches, not charging you for every little thing which seems to be the current trend in gaming (looking at you EA).Bottom line, if you like RPG's with a story, tons of content, and tactical combat, you're going to love this game."
,Recommended,240760,13031019,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,SHINYR0B0T,"I'm a huge fan of this game despite the technical issues.  I think if they continue to iterate like they have been, they'll be worked out over the next few months.  On whether or not I'd recommend purchasing at full price I'm conflicted.  On one hand, I want people to fully support this game and inXile to fund future expansions and future Wasteland games - their technical ability can only get better.  On the other hand, the glitches that it does have are pretty glaring, especially on OSX.  But they didn't stop me from enjoying the game, and they're continually getting patched.  At this point I'd recommend buying it when it goes on sale, but if you really want a well-written post-apocalyptic game that will take you over 100 hours, then definitely pick this up."
76561197961247495,Recommended,240760,13033578,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,dAm[o,"If you want another fallout, fallout 2 or fallout tactics -> this is the thing for you. Tbh, it's closer to fallout tactics as you get to control a team of ppl, not just one single characters."
,Not Recommended,240760,13034603,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,MACHETE,"Unstable unstable unstable, shame for developers. 50 E for the most bug game in the world!! I want back my money!!!Never buy game like this, from this guys!!"
76561198076436391,Recommended,240760,13006936,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,skusnetsov,Fallout 2 in modern tech.I adore this game
76561198052268545,Recommended,240760,13014478,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Demogorgon,Wasteland 2 is my favourite tactical RPG
76561197972972517,Recommended,240760,13099680,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,tullekop,"A very solid turn based fallout type of game. It takes awhile to get used it. I restarted my game after realizing I locked most safes (Fail 0%). I love the enless gameplay, no matter how many times you play it will never be the same game. Like others have said already: hard core ballistics, comical blood shed (complete torn apart bodies with a single bowie!), dark humor,etc.Similair types of game: XCOM series, Final Fantasy, Fallout series.Grade: B+"
76561198133338642,Recommended,240760,13041962,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Bannai Not Bandai,"Modern turn based RPG combat system is loveable, but the story and plot is getting meh and meh."
76561198112183801,Recommended,240760,12458018,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Gublyb,"Right then: After slew of updates its time to reveiw once again.Wasteland two is the sequel to the aparently much loved wasteland 1. Which I, like many other people, have never played. So with nothing to compare it to, I simply saw it as ""That tactical game"". When I first started the game, I reaky got into it. Making characters, backstories, weapons, those awesome first few battles....Then I hit 'the spike'.In the depths of Ag centre (The city I left to die) I fought wave after endless wave of flies, shrubbery and maggots. Giant ones, mind you. And experienced the most ridiculously gory death ever. By the end of it, I was dying, damaged and out of all ammo. But you know what?That was awesome.I hit the spike again while attacking the red skorpians base. A guy asks me to pay tax. It is a small tax. But on principle, I think the whole point of an apocalypse is that you no longer have to pay tax. First time through I was slaghtered. Second time I did better. Third time, I wiped the floor with them and looted their boddies. The combat is superb, and even if you have the best loot your doom is lying in wait just around the corner.One complaint I used to have was frequent laag spikes for no good reason. I don't know about anyone else, but with the recent updates this problem has resolved itslef, and now I can enjoy this masterpeice lag-free.To round this off, if you ever played any of the fallout games, or even the orignal wasteland, this will surely apeal to you. Anyone who loves tactical games, shotguns and not paying taxes? All three are in abundance here. Prepare for an epic game that will make you consider throwing your moniter through a wall. The game where shotguns result in a violent and bloody dismemberment. The game where you make the story. The game where you REALLY NEED A MEDIC. SERIOUSLY GUYS, BRING A MEDIC! The game where you obsesively hoard all the junk you can find. The game where you do terrible things to get things done easier.Have fun...."
,Recommended,240760,13002953,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,FuelCowboy,"Overall a very fun and interesting game, if you are new to the game or this type of game in general, the start can be a little overwhelming and hard to understand. There is some great start up guides to get you started right, and make your first experience better. This is a very very deep, complicated, and complex RPG. The great thing about this game is it has such a large and amazing following, so much of a great following that each of the Devs last 3 patchs has contained over 300+ things to make the game better, over 70,000+ people kickstarted this game. This is definitely a truly awesome game but, it is not going to be for everyone one. There is a ton of micro mangenment, dialouge, and charater customization and development. This game takes brains and if you are the type of person that thinks that these types of things get in the way and make the game less fun or a hassel to play, you are in for dissappointment. If you love these things and feel like it is a necessity in making a great RPG, then this game is a game that you can truly get lost in and never have the same experience twice or as someone else for that matter. The amount of immersion and satisfation that this game could give a person is amazing. Huge replay value.Hope You Enjoy The Wasteland,Cowboy"
76561197968555263,Recommended,240760,13077400,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Highlander,"Excellent game, I'm throughly enjoying it."
76561198076481122,Recommended,240760,12652446,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,ianmason96,"This game is great and one of the rare must-plays of an RPG fan. Consequences are treated realistically, and sometimes (read: sometimes) you will have to make important ethical decisions that will screw certain factions over in favor of other ones. The companions have interesting dialogue that makes it hard to hate them, and more often than not, you will find yourself genuinely moved. Keep a few alternate save slots- you will want to see how everything ends.Protips for best ending: Chaos is almost never good. Invest in Smart♥♥♥♥♥and Kiss♥♥♥♥♥skills.It's to be notedThat being said, there are two major gameplay flaws. Number one is the enemy move range. When the enemy moves, they, more often than not, will move halfway across the map in order to reach you, stand out in the open exposed like an idiot, or both. I admit, the obscene move may be so they can get to you, because without it they likely would be taking 2-3 turns to get into range. But, I fought most of my fights in an old British-style line formation, because the enemies didn't let me get a chance to get into cover! And no, the player characters can't move that fast.Number two is the allied units' AI. Like the enemies, they will move obscene distances to get within range of the target, but when a friendly sniper tries to run up, out of your units' move and attack range, to melee an opponent that can kill him/her in one hit when he still has ammo in his clip, you know something's wrong with the AI. If you don't want to see allies die, my advice would be to not recruit them. (This applies to random people you meet on your adventures that want to temporarily aid you, not recruitable party members that count towards your party limits. With minor exceptions, they should remain under control.) This, however, is a minor flaw, as friendly NPCs are rare.Don't get discouraged, though. I love this game, its multiple paths and otherwise tight combat MECHANICS are good. Tactics is an important part of the game, and positioning before a fight can have many benefits. The ending slideshow bugs have been largely fixed, and the game runs well."
76561198080085219,Not Recommended,240760,13836393,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ratzmaru,This game crashes constantly on Mac OS. I've hit a point where it hangs on loading a particular area. Think twice if you purchase this for Mac OS.
,Recommended,240760,13836663,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Superslayer,"Yes it's good, yes it's worth your time. I'm almost 10 hours in and I've barely scratched the surface."
76561198039976193,Recommended,240760,13839078,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Randaar,"Wasteland 2 is a  post apocalyptic turn based single player game.What a game it is, I have over 100 hours logged onto this behemoth and still havnt beaten it yet.You are a squad within the ranks of the Arizona Rangers.You will be put on task to clense the wasteland of all the scum and villiainy.This game is story driven and will keep you entertained for many hours.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good turn based strategy game."
76561197973945067,Recommended,240760,13840069,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Garky,This game has awakened a new hatred of goats for me.
76561197990595783,Recommended,240760,13841224,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ronnoc The Axe,"Damn. This is a modern day Baldur's gate. Play style is similar, skills are nice. Weapons are balanced and varied. Role playing at its finest."
,Recommended,240760,13842063,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Joo,"If you enjoyed Fallout 1 & 2 and haven't played Wasteland 2 yet then you're missing out. It definitely harks back to those good old turnbased RPG's.Have sunk 30 hours in already and still going strong, I don't expect to stop until i've explored every nook and cranny.9/10"
76561198031598392,Recommended,240760,13878114,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Neoveta,Cool!!
76561198052192136,Recommended,240760,13878628,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Purp,"Picked it up in the NY sales. Great game and highly recommended. 60+ hours into it so far and loving it.IMO It hasn't reached the level of the original Fallout 1&2 and New Vegas but it's definitely on the right path and still greater than most of the RPG's over the last 15 years.So far the world seems to be less open - you just follow some major quest lines and don't get many options to free explore.Also I wish there were more weapon choices, my squad has been using the same guns (all purchased from head quarter vendors) for like 12 levels... they are all pretty deadly but hopefully more will open later but I doubt from what I've seen so far.Overall I'm not disappointed at all and it's absolutely worth the money."
,Recommended,240760,13879188,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Twice Dead,"If you like any of the Fallout games, then check this out.I am by no stretch a Tactical RPG fan, coming mainly from Fallout 3 and New Vegas and I didn't even play the original Wasteland, but I love me some good ol' post-apolalyptic story-telling, and Wasteland 2 definitely delivers on that front.Even if the game is a tactical RPG, it's not that bad. If you haven't tried a tactical RPG before, I'd recommend Wasteland 2, if only because it was my entrance to the genre."
,Recommended,240760,13844733,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Unibrow,"Having a lot of fun playing this game. The best way I can describe it is that it is like a table top rpg, but the mechanics and the story of the game provide for an automated, ""Game Master"" with graphical characters in the place of miniatures. The ""rush"" of playing this game is more cerebral, less adrenaline than, say, any of the modern shooters. If you are a fan of tabletop rpgs and post-apocalyptic genre, this game is for you. Modern adrenaline junkies/ ""twitch"" gamers might be dissapointed, but just might like it if they try it. Too soon for me to rate it how many stars it deserves; the programmers have done their part for sure. The proof in the pudding is in the hands of the writers at this point..."
76561198026790275,Recommended,240760,13718634,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TheVoid68,Excellent turn based old style RPG!
,Recommended,240760,14079651,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Beef Kaker,"This game is brilliant! Like the old RPGs of the past with a modern engine. It genuinely rewards you for exploring for example rather than force you down a linear path.Ok, the graphics aren't AAA standard, but if after playing this for an hour you're still bothered about the graphics I'll be surprised."
76561197997466793,Recommended,240760,14080623,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TankChief,Game of the year. Period.Yes it has some glitches and it does not look like some AAA title from Bethseda or Bioware but  but ot is definitely better game tha any other game which the big studios has spit out lately.
,Recommended,240760,13535204,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BreezySack,"Really enjoying this game!After playing the original fallout games a little as well as games like XCOM:EU, I really wanted more. Wasteland 2 provides that in buckets, and is full of nice stories and hilarious jokes, but can be pretty dark too. There are a few things I'd like to see improved, character models and textures seem to be a bit too simple, but it's not really a problem.Well worth it!"
76561197968399495,Recommended,240760,13435154,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,woof,"Mostly a buggy mess during beta and after release, Wasteland 2 is now not only playable, but actually fun after the rather substantial patches that have been delivered regularly after launch.If you're a fan of Fallout/Fallout 2/Baldur's Gate/etc., style games, and want something similar in style but updated graphics and interface, it's worth checking out."
76561198068867677,Recommended,240760,13296320,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Just Me Charlie,"When you get over the fact everyone is comparing this to fallout and then being upset when its not exactly the same as fall and just play it with an open mind, its a brilliant game. There is a huge amount of customisation and freedom in what you do in the game. The systems take a little while to get used to and fully understand but after that its great.The only issue I had is when my characters contracted a spore infection or whatever its called and theres no real way to figure out what to do about it, and while theres more people complaining 'I shouldnt have to edit a saved game to make a game right that I've already paid for' I bought a house and painted some walls in it, so why cant you buy a game and edit out what you dont like? Played the game, charcters got messed up, edited my save, didnt feel bad, had a lot more playability out of it."
76561198003986851,Recommended,240760,13147351,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SuperSushi,"Needs work, but the game is decent.  I don't like the strategy and there are times when you are saving and loading thanks to the lack of a better way to win.  Nothing says screw you quite like having all your weapons critically jam at once while three guys come in and dps you with fists.  The story is what wins me over.  The story is actually quite funny and little trolly in that it is hilarious.  If I had one wish, it was that the strategy was as good as the story.  Maybe Wasteland 3.  Here's hoping they do a better job next time.  Who knows.  Oh and they did patch the always hit bs.  That was annoying.  So to keep it short:Pro:  1.  Good story.2.  Funny.3.  Simple to use.  (You don't need a masters degree in a caculus to understand.Con:  1.  Terrible strategy that makes little to no sense and is arbritary to the max.2.  The story splits.  (This is my personal opinion but spliting the story hurt the game as it let go of what ever tension there was.)3.  You can go for hours and then realize you ♥♥♥♥ed up the story and have to repeat a lot.  Quite annoying.My original review:  If you like challenges don't play this game.  If you like Fallout or any game really that has strategy and you're thinking this game is it.  Turn around now.  Right now.  Don't even bother.  The strategy of this game is so shallow and unfair that you will wonder why you bother playing this stinking game and paid real money for it.I'll explain what most of these reviews aren't saying and I wish they had.  Usually knowing more about the game = boost the difficulty and play on harder modes to make it more interesting.  In this case, the difficulty is riged to screw you over.  Case in point.  I have a 0% jam factor on one of my guns which should mean it never jams.  Am I right???  On easy, it would never jam.  On hard where the fun should be, it jams 2 times a fight.  So obviously there is more to the numbers than the game is saying but you will never know it.  How about critical hits you may say.  60% on a blade you may say = 1/10 chance to crit.  While their team of whom is infinite, may have a 5% chance to crit but crits every hit and unless you have cover they never miss.So to sum this game up.  If you like a story and are willing to never leave easy mode behind.  These people should be the only group happy about this game.  So go play it.  Otherwise, don't waste your money on this shallow boring game until they release mod tools to fix this broken system."
,Recommended,240760,16460764,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kate,"Fun throwback, similar to Fallout 2."
,Recommended,240760,17919397,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,VoidMuse,"Wonderful Game, classic approach updated to modern standards."
,Recommended,240760,17682542,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Vee,"Good game, but I'd wait for it to go on sale."
76561198150196783,Recommended,240760,17653893,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Brandon.Alger,"I can't recommend this game enough. If RPGs are your thing, this game is for you.Everything about the charachters is customizable. You write their backstory, choose some skills, create their overall abilities and then you go off into the Wasteland where you develop these things!The story is great. The world is dark, and serious, but just whimsical enough in places to make you smile. You go into these towns that are just torn apart by post-apocalyptic life and you can fix them, or.. make them worse.. the freedom in the game is great.Battle mechanics are super fun too. One gripe I have is if you don't build your characters well you may run into places you just can't get past without turning down the difficulty, but overall the mechanics are great and the right balance of fun and challenging."
76561197969097267,Recommended,240760,17654587,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Zero K,"I'm not normally the type to pre-order games, but I bought this one at $59.99 while it was in Early Access, which is basically preorder. Here's the short version of my review:I do not regret that decision.I have bought a whopping two pre-order games in the past 5 years. The other was XCOM: The Bureau, because I was comming off a high from XCOM: Enemy Unknown and forgot that a shooter-XCOM was a ♥♥♥♥ing stupid idea. For Wasteland 2 it was due to a combination of love for Fallout 1&2 and outside recommendations. Wasteland 2 did not disappoint. Mostly.If you liked Fallout 1 or 2, or never played them, give Wasteland 2 a shot. The story tone overall is dark, but it makes sure to lighten things up as you achieve goals, and there is a lot of hidden comedy to be found, adding a little bit of sillyness to the stark seriousness of the wastes. That might sound incongruous, but Brian Fargo's directing and his team's writing hold it together in a way that is sensical and digestible without becoming mundane. Events have weight and depth, and that weight gradually lifts as you succeed in goals, if only momentarily as the story progresses.My only complaints are in the combat system. It isn't bad by any means; throw a dart at a game listing and you'll hit something worse. It just seems to be lacking a bit compared to Fallout 2. Overall the leveling and combat system are a fair bit simplified from the Fallout games, which I dislike a bit; while there is something to be said for simplicity, Fallout was still on the friendly side of the line of where too much complexity becomes a chore rather than fun, if only just. I guess my main complaint is that it led to an odd situation where I completely avoided wearing armor throughout the entire game as if it where plague-ridden, whereas in the venerable Fallout if you weren't wearing Powered Armor by act 5 you'll just spontaneously explode. So maybe it's a petty complaint, but a complaint nonetheless. Maybe I should just be glad that was one in-game expense I could completely ignore.Other than that, it is a little difficult to believe that a character could be a master sniper and yet unable to hit the broadside of a barn if you hand them a shotgun, but what the hell, it's more combat focused than Fallout 1 or 2, so it is reasonable to expect the mechanical focus to shift towards combat, even if it does lead to some silly levels of specialization.In summary, there's a few petty gripes for the long-term Fallout fans, but much like Bethesda's work, this is overall a positive development in that vein. If you want a good post-apocalyptic story or a squad-based combat game, then look no further. It's not perfect, but it is quite good."
,Recommended,240760,16622103,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Daywana,"Every game has its ups and downs. I do enjoy this game but it is lacking something to give it...it's spark. However to do enjoy it, since I love play turn based games. Perhaps some kind of a add on that gives the rangers a home away from home would be sweet."
76561198008160541,Recommended,240760,16624021,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,LordxArchon,"Isometric fallout lives again.   Play it as straight role-playing or min/max your way to power-geek nirvana.  Well written, plenty to discover, and lots of player agency.  I have a lot or respect for a game allowing you to not only attack your management/dispatch team at your whim, but also supports that decision within the game design with follow-on consequences."
76561198031339883,Recommended,240760,13628802,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,gsturge,Very entertaining.
76561197989319091,Recommended,240760,13651710,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Helladventurer,If you liked Fallout 2 and Fallout Tactics you are going to love this game too. The post-apocalyptic homour of the game has  brought many tears of laughter:-D
,Recommended,240760,13652330,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Beastie Boys,A guy on the brink of death told me to put him out of his misery.Threw a Thermonuclear grenade at him to finish him off.10/10
,Recommended,240760,13641639,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Styx Helix,Great Game
,Recommended,240760,13642715,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mr.Pessimism,i am barely into the game. i find it nostalgic in its graphics and game play. would i have done it differently yes. would i have  been able to keep it from being a hit with people probably.this game is to good for the young. they are so saturated with graphics and have no idea what imagination is these days. if you played the original my hat is off to ya. if your first game was a wii u game find something else to play. your not going to be happy with the graphics the atmosphere or gameplay.this game looks back in time and says just one more time. One more great game from a time when the most important issue of the day was. Why a president and a certain doctor loved jelly beans so much.
76561198002512258,Recommended,240760,13642990,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,blue_h8,"Imagine if Fallout 1 & 2 went to the same high school, got married and raised a kid.Still on my first playthrough and loving every challenging minute.12/10 would delete current save and happily start over"
,Recommended,240760,13723067,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Neo Vita,This is the best tactical RPG ever made. If only it worked on the Mac. The game has a memory leak on Mac's using some nvidia graphics cards that causes game to crash with a Rainbow Screen of Death. This boosts  games difficulty considerably in all  wrong ways.
76561198002558749,Recommended,240760,13723814,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[VA] Atropix,Outstanding game! Well worth the wait.
,Recommended,240760,13723998,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,YumboYack,"RPG greatness!  Like Baldurs Gate in a post apocalyptical world.  Great skills, story and gameplay so far! 10/10"
,Recommended,240760,13725263,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,"Handsome Pretty Fella, man","This is about as close as you'll ever get to a true sequel to Fallout 1 & 2's gameplay and style.   An excellent return to mid-90s western computer RPG design tropes, it's a lot of fun with a good story, sense of humor, and references.   The combat can be repetitive and uninspired at times, and VERY hard on the higher difficulty settings.  But it all adds up to a fun post apocalyptic RPG experience that I didn't want to end.  Step on up and answer the cries of a dead world Rangers."
76561198106319002,Recommended,240760,13726475,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jariah  Synn,"""When you're in the wasteland look behind you, because that's where a Ranger's gonna be.""Seriously though trouble abounds in the wasteland and the only people that can solve them are the Desert Rangers, go figure.Creating your own sqaud is limited though you can mix and match different face, head, torso and leg pieces. Though it really doesn't matter most of time due the isometric camera. However you can write your characters own backstory and that's nice. Or if you don't want to make your sqaud there's a few pre-builts there.Combat is similar to X-Com with the exception that you have several action points as opposed to only two.  You're allowed preemtive strikes which tend to be useful and ambushes can be quite effective if you used right.The wasteland is a big area with a bunch of zones to go into and in those zones are loots. Here a loot there a loot everywhere a loot loot! XDAs for the story, I honestly paid no attention to it, I was more interested in the things I mentioned above.I'm still on my first play through but I'm seriously enjoying it. Hope you enjoy your adventures in the waste as well."
76561197970835490,Recommended,240760,13727549,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,robblindsay,"Great game. A little complex in places and a little un-userfriendly in others but the game feels enormous, there's a lot to do, character progression is good and the characters are well fleshed out. If you're looking for a good old-school RPG, this is a good one."
76561198080814877,Recommended,240760,13737500,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Rorqual,"Everything I would say has already been said, but I'll sum it up anyway: Hilarious, entertaining, story is great, gameplay is great, this is the true successor to fallout/wasteland and I'm glad I spent money on it."
76561198121738187,Recommended,240760,13740107,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TheDanval,found a shotgun in a toaster that got my vote but alot of other things caught my interest aswell
76561198046162566,Recommended,240760,13741723,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Fi31D,"Would highly recommned this game,First started to watch a playthough, which got me very intrested in this.Once i saw it on sale, i couldnt help myself.Have barely scratched the surface with this game myself and i am really enjoying it.Would 100% Recommened,"
76561197972065476,Recommended,240760,13741937,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Gonk,Great game!
76561198103936135,Recommended,240760,13682144,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,AegisWangSW69,"THIS GAME IS GREAT I LOVE IT! It feels like fallout but plays like xcom and has deep rpg elements ie stats, skills, attributes, character customizations, dialog choices, open world, adult humor, heavy turn based strategy, npc party members with personality, weapon mods, loot loot loot!, and sooo much more! this game has a ton of history and a cult following for a good reason. the graphics and overall art theme are awesome and very immersive a great job for an independant game made 25 years after the original. Lots of story yet overall freedom with choices to be made at every turn characters can die forever and things seem to happen very randomly. i really like the feel of the post apocalypse setting in this game its very authentic but kinda like mad max minus the cars and plus *ALOT* of guns with a lil bit of the road movie minus crackhead aragorn and just a lil bit (idk how) darker lol! two thumbs way up bravo!"
,Recommended,240760,13669234,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,71828,"The only game that I have ever started a second playthrough with directly after the first one. It's great, but a little buggy at times, however the devs seem determined to fix them."
76561198078203854,Recommended,240760,13829992,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,akwilson76,"I highly recommend this game -- it's the best RPG I've played since Baldur's Gate 2.  The storyline and atmosphere and very immersive and keep you hooked, and some nice touches along the way add humour value too.  The combat mechanism is straightforward but opens up tactical options that keep each battle varied and interesting.Occasionally I found myself lost and unsure of what I was supposed to be doing, and some of the NPCs that you add to your party could be better scripted (perhaps some side quests related to their background would add some colour to their personalities) but these minor quibbles aside, Wasteland 2 is a great game and deserves your attention."
,Recommended,240760,13710934,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Zweihänder,"This game is a must play if you are into the old school RPG thing. Only downside I can think of is the lack of interesting companions. Story, musics and gameplay 10/10."
76561198011545080,Recommended,240760,13888419,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,padawanninja,"This game reminds me of all the fun I had playing the original Fallout when it was new.  :-)  Ah, the days of yore.  Just wish there was a way to save Anna.  :-("
,Recommended,240760,13890050,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,[CN]H2NCH2COOH,8/10Pros:- Enough skills to choose- Enough lines to read- Enough choices to make- Enough enemies to kill- Turn based combat so no reflex to worry- Killing is always an option to complete questsCons:- Non-combat skills are not useful enough| - Few battle can be avoided by non-combat skills| - Few battle ground can be turned advantageous by non-combat skills| - Talking isn't that useful- Lack of stealth/sneak elements- Small map with few dungeons
76561198007519194,Recommended,240760,12167887,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Godfearpeaches,The red boots DLC makes this playable and enjoyable.
76561198023769209,Recommended,240760,12167942,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,softpsyche,"Man oh man, this game is AWESOME! I am only in about 10 hours but so far this game is a refreshing drink of purified water in an irradiated dessert of crappy games! If you enjoyed Fallout 1,2 (even besthesdas), icewind dale or baldurs gate, just buy this game now. Dont pass GO, dont collect $200 just buy this gem now. Here I was all sad that besthesda was off chasing the MMO heroin dragon instead of making Fallout 4 and this comes along!"
76561198057226823,Recommended,240760,12168531,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Crimsonfox64,Like Fallout Tactics but good.
76561198097050751,Recommended,240760,12168695,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Jmp74,"good game, but laggy and when I try and travel it always crashes! everytime! annoying and fun lol"
76561198031499290,Recommended,240760,12071440,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,toggstar,This game perfectly captures the greatness of Fallout 1 & 2. If you enjoyed the Fallouts this game is definetly for you.
76561197996144740,Recommended,240760,12169191,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,araxdebold,"Great game, love the DNA tester..."
76561198062135513,Recommended,240760,12169444,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Yeezus,I spent 35 minutes creating backstories for my characters that as far as I know will have no effect on the game. 10/10
,Recommended,240760,12169532,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Jim Lahey Trailer Park Supevisor,"If you are expecting a survival based game, look elsewhere. however, if you are looking for a good isometric RPG, this is a great game. Solid visuals, lots of characters, and fun combat, this is a good game to sink a lot of hours into."
76561198029844771,Recommended,240760,12170463,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,That could have been fallout 3.
,Recommended,240760,12170493,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Kung Fuhrer,Get this game ASAP.
76561197988597984,Recommended,240760,12170719,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,rencal1975,"OMFG! This game is completely awesome! I used to play the original a looong time ago when I was in 7th grade. 25 years later, the sequal has brought me back to that feeling. Love this game! Loved the original. Finally I don't have to settle for playing Fallout 1&2."
76561198043156903,Recommended,240760,12171028,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,kagjasg,Awesome game!!
76561197970619413,Recommended,240760,12171781,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,aimmy79,fallout 3 finally came out!
76561198036646294,Recommended,240760,12171793,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Lotus,"Four hobos travelling the land, helping people and shooting bad guys.Best. Concept. Ever."
76561197972697335,Recommended,240760,12172135,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Arcanix,"Wasteland 2 is the next step in the cRPG evolution in its genre. Brians genius is knowing gamer talant and the creative power that comes with that. ""By Gamers For Gamers"" never gets old. With this, Brian and his team have managed to do the impossible,"
76561198053087537,Recommended,240760,12172570,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Bassjoker,"It looks and feels like fallout 1,2,tactics. Would like to have an option to form the squad, like in Divinity! Love it!"
,Recommended,240760,12172705,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Sergape Gorillakhev,Wasteland Gate 2: Fallout
,Recommended,240760,12181637,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,jayPhantom,Rock sauce. This is what shadowrun should have been.
76561198038522517,Recommended,240760,12181867,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,redman343434,"Quite good. It seems like a moder reimagining of Fallout 1 or 2. Makes a lot of sense when you consider their heritage. I've only scratched the surface so far, but it seems like something that old CRPG fans will enjoy."
76561197991508762,Recommended,240760,12181920,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Elder 7,"I'm only a few hours in, but so far this game is everything I had hoped it would be."
76561198002536238,Recommended,240760,12182236,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,tiehchang,Excellent...worth the wait!
76561198002027075,Recommended,240760,12182403,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Two Dicks,"I've owned it for 17 hours, I have played it for 10 already. I slept the other 7.I have not played any game this much since I was a kid. This is what Fallout 3 should have been and I have yet to run into a single bug! Impressive.Play it!"
,Recommended,240760,12182404,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Buckeye Burl,Yes! This game is awesome.
76561198023665750,Recommended,240760,12182748,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Al Bundy (4TDs in 1 game),"8/10For folks who played FO1 and FO2, this game is you've been waiting for when they first announced FO3 before Bethesda took over. This game bring memories of 200+ hours on both games. From music, dialog, combat, and everything. Obviously since the developers were from the orginal FO teams. No words to explain how I feel being able to play this and have the old nostalgic feelings over this. Even if your not a fallout fan, this game brings a nice change to the current cookie cutter model of games we have today (Everything is FPS). The turnbased system in this game is great and keeps me active in intune with the game and combat. There could be some adjustments made witht he game ie. maps, questlog, camera  movement, with some other minor things, but overall the game is great and very fun and I only played a few hours...cant wait to finish it!!!"
76561198020015961,Recommended,240760,12182815,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Vander,Excellent remake...this game is basically DIvinity:  Original Sin in the future with guns instead of bows.  Very very good game.
76561197970490959,Recommended,240760,12182868,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Third Wheel,"DISCLAIMER: I have not finished this game yet, but have put some solid hours into it.  The advertisement I saw claimed 80 hours of content and I'm pushing 24, so even if half of it is optional, I'm pretty well into it.  If not, then this is epic indeed and rivals or surpasses almost the entire Mass Effect trilogy by itself.Wasteland 2 is the sequel -- 25 years later -- to Wasteland, the RPG that first had us out exploring the post apocalyptic US.  This game oozes nostalgia.  When playing it, there are hints of the original CRPGs, the isometric views that we came to love so much through Fallout 1 & 2, Diablo 1 & 2 and on into Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale.  Kudos go out to Brian Fargo and team who labored on this game:  it's deeply satisfying if you have the historic perspective to catch the bits of history have been worked into  the game.The plus side is that everything you wanted in a Wasteland sequel is here.  The bad news is that yep, there are skills and skill trees that represent the easiest, most complete path and you will not have all of those skills.  Too bad.  Either figure out another way of getting around the problems or get used to waiting for that quick load.  Funny story: I never actually finished the original game because I lacked the skills needed at one point, but had depopulated so much of the adversaries that I really just didn't want to go back and redo it all from scratch since just going up levels wasn't an option.  So, there's that, but additionally there are inventory quirks that leave you wondering if you really need some items or not, but that previous experience to the original games, and the oddball side quests for random stuff, make you paranoid about leaving anything.As for the quests, they're structured in the big scale so that choices have consequences and you cannot be the ultimate paragon of good.  It's just not possible, which makes sense as well as adds a certain replayability to the game.  The only gameplay complaint that isn't tempered by nostalgia is the frequency of random animal/raider encounters on world-map travel.  It's a bit high and while it's easy experience points, it's also kind of annoying that you can't gracefully evade the encounters all the time.The sound is good, but not stunning and some of the voice acting is amateurish, but the sheer amount of voice acting and the ambience it brings to the game is worthwhile.  I was actually mildly disappointed when I got to various dialog that wasn't voiced, to be honest.  When creating characters, I have to admit I was skeptical about how good the game itself would look.  Since the characters are 3d models and the expectation is that you'll be zoomed out most of the time, I have to say it looks great.  All of the annoyances of isometric games are still there, but you can rotate the camera to show hidden items when you want to, so that helps in cases of hidden items, problematic pathfinding, or even combat targeting.  Yet, these are problems we've seen so many times that honestly, they kind of fade into the background.  The only persistent annoyance with the graphics is the camera's rotation and how it will rotate only 10 degrees or so at a time with mandatory slowdowns.  I'm not sure what that's about, but I got over it pretty quickly and it also faded from my brainspace while playing.  Overall, the game is pleasing to look at and the Unity Engine has my respect for what they've been able to accomplish with it.The tone of the original game is captured pretty well.  It's less gritty/hardcore than fallout, but only in that it pokes some fun at itself and the genre directly in the dialog, story, and background whereas Fallout sort of says absurd things happened and here's what you're dealing with as a result.  Do not take this to mean it's a silly game.  There are very dark moments, hard choices, and many opportunities to be hero or villain.  Also, there's a lot of profanity.  I'm not offended, but if you've got small kids, then get the headphones out... or not.Bottom line on this game is that you will truly enjoy this if you are looking for a successor to Fallout 1 & 2 and didn't like the decision to go FPS/3rd person over-the-shoulder camera OR if you are old enough to actually remember the first game and have played PC CRPGS for decades.  For others who enjoy the idea of being a ranger on the radiation frontier, it's a blast and worth your time."
,Recommended,240760,12183073,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Azmodiuz,"lots of bugs, sometimes getting stuck and unplayable. Disapointing. was soo looking forward to this.,"
76561198007896071,Recommended,240760,12183158,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Slater86,"Its a must have. Total improvement on the genre. Haven't gotten in a game like this since Fallout Tactics. Regions react to strategic decisions. Stories have conviction and NPC interractions feel genuine. 10.5/10 for me. Turn based can be a bit off putting but give it a try. Best turn based strategy to date, smooth as Omerta but tactical like Jagged Edge. Battlefield carnage and orange highlighted sights gave me a Diablo 2 feel. Landscapes are epic and imaginative."
76561198039219874,Recommended,240760,12183300,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Peacedog,Love this game. nice change from fallout tactics yet so much like it.only thing i cant understand is why are there no achevments.
,Recommended,240760,12183847,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ObsidianRazor,"Just getting started, but I already love it. Retro-turn style, apocalyptic fun. Storyline is solid thus far. Voice acting is good, controls are solid, graphics good (with a classic look). Takes me back more years than I care to admit. Well worth the $40. Get it now!"
,Recommended,240760,12200823,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Undeadenemy,"If you played and enjoyed the original Fallout 1 and 2, or if you played the original Wasteland (I haven't), you will love this game.Even if you haven't played any of those, Wasteland 2 is still a great game. It's a fairly hardcore isometric party based RPG with turn-based combat. There are many different skills to choose from, but it never felt like there were too many. Each one is useful, and you really won't regret putting points into any of them. Also, you get to start with a party of 4, and you can custom build each character including their appearance and background history. I named all of mine after friends, making their attributes in ways that they might actually be if they were in the wasteland.Combat is turn-based, and feels a little like X-COM. The rest of the exploration is real time, and you travel the world via a map, where you can have random encounters. Be careful, if you one character has to fire through a tile a friendly character is standing on, there is a chance for friendly fire!Overall, the game is a lot of fun, and after 20 hours, I'm really enjoying it. The developer clearly has a sense of humor, and there are tons of cultural references in the game, and even on the main menu. Check it out, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,240760,12200876,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ChopperSniper,"The first enemy I fought, a giant toad, nearly kicked my♥♥♥♥♥on Rookie difficulty. Good game.No but seriously, this is a good game. It can be challenging, the writing so far has been excellent, the characters are interesting, the (so far) one choice between missions I've had to make was difficult, and already I want to kill all the Red Skorpions. I have encountered a bug where character portraits go all rainbow-colored and then the overworld map freaks the ♥♥♥♥ out and kills my frame rate so I have to restart, but it's uncommon enough to not be a problem. Maybe wait for a patch or two, but so far it's been worth it even at full price."
76561197993473943,Recommended,240760,12202772,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,broozar,"A feast for classic Fallout fans. Great tactical combat, good atmosphere, extensive skill system. Only negatives are the long loading times and relatively low resolution textures. It is quite challenging, so not for the impatient. I am having a great time though, so it's definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,240760,12203013,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,wormroom,"It looks like Fallout, it feels like Fallout, and after about 4 hours of the game I realized that I'm playing the same imagination game that captivated me when I was 12.Lots of fun gunplay, talky-talky good stuff, and a Kickstarted video game that does exactly what it set out to do. This is one of the few games where I can say firmly that if you liked Fallout, then you will like Wasteland 2. I didn't back this game and just paid money for it and I am insanely satisfied.Buy it buy it buy it buy it"
76561197971592307,Recommended,240760,12203148,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Kahuna360,"I'm only a couple of hours in and I've already doomed two struggling communities to annihilation.  What's not to like?  It's definitely a throwback to the old days but the learning curve isn't that steep.  The NPCs I've run into so far have been interesting and the story, while not earth-shattering, has been fun to follow."
,Recommended,240760,12204159,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Bigmasculineman,"-Slightly glitchy as I'm writting.+++++ However it's an excellent game for lovers of turn based combat, RPG's and the post apocalyptic setting. 38 hours played and still not really near the end while being full of humour that has made me laugh out loud (not a very easy thing to do being the miserable **** I am), violence and old school gaming freedom!"
76561197971611259,Recommended,240760,12204594,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Oldbolt,"Just one more hour, honest!  I'll help with the real life stuff, soon!  What?  Your going staying at your mam's?  Ok!One less hassle, no GF to meither me now.  Can give all my time to Wasteland 2."
,Recommended,240760,13770848,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,L1ft,"I really enjoyed this game, though it leaves me with mixed feelings. I have a soft spot for classic RPGs, and Wasteland was my favorite, so it is hard for me to be fair, but I'm trying here. The game could have been just so much more than it is. The thing that made the original so memorable was progressing through simple melee weapons, to crappy guns, to modern, to advanced-modern, to futuristic, all the while it matching up to the story. This game makes it too clear what the best weapon to have is, and too many plateaus prohibit you from risking big challenges for better gear. Travel, healing, and leveling up is too tedius, and by the end you'll not even want to radio in for a promotion until its worth radioing in a few characters at once.Better implementation of the environmental effects beyond simple cover and elevation would have been nice. Strategy essentially amounts to divvying up weapons to save on ammo costs.The storyline is ""okay,"" but much of the dialog is just fluff."
76561198008990282,Recommended,240760,13762610,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,rojiin,"I have been watching this game for some time, and finally bit because of the great sale.   The game seems to be top notch in every category.The combat is very X-COM: Enemy Unknown (not the first turn based combat I know but it really hit the high mark)  which is a plus in my book.The story and rpg elements have that throwback feel (i.e. Fallout 1&2).  That could be a con to some. You need to read dialouges and pay attention to all npcs to get the info needed to resolve quests.Graphics are decent not spectacular, but it is a topdown rpg.Music and voice is really good."
,Recommended,240760,13764096,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Krimsynn,"I'm very impresses with this game. Classic feel like Wasteland 1 and the early Fallout games.; with a modern touch like Divinity: Original Sin. If you like Classic RPGs, you can't go wrong by picking this up."
76561198023059687,Recommended,240760,13778829,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,VERADOSA,"THIS IS A FALLOUT  game changer, so much thought has been put into this game its unbeliveable,but it does have its flaws.... your constanly spinning to see if you have missed an item or a safe,or a cave entrance,its less an annoyance though,more pleasure when you find that rare item as a result of spending the time/effort.The game somtimes is very vague as to what you are supposed to do,and then its a nightmare finding the people your to give/tell...kill etc as they only appear on the map when your close....then dissapear once you move off.....but there is a way round that as the developers have put a small note for you to put your own map refrences and notes on the quest....i would recommend you do it as i lost the main quest character and spent 10 mins going through each lvl trying to find her, as she went to a different part of the map{part of the quest!}and i was of on my own quest so ignored what she said....checked the quest info for details....no help.Anyway great game 15 quid is a bargin but not sure if its worth buying delux version as the 2 free games are very 80s and out of date for an xtra fiver at the time of writing.1 ...2.... own!!!!"
,Recommended,240760,13782474,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SteeL,For those who values Fallout Classic - this game is strongly recommended!
,Recommended,240760,13784160,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SirMiGhTyBuM,"Brings back memories!The combat lacks reactive actions; the world map feels a bit clunky; and I've read someone else saying the game has no stealth actions.My impression with 2 hours playtime: I don't think it beats Fallout 2, but the game certainly gives me similar feelings.Will update when I progress further."
,Recommended,240760,13784483,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,TNX,Recommended for fans of old Fallouts.Combat does get bit repetitive in the long run though.
76561197975155717,Recommended,240760,13317426,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Asmodeus,"I dug up some poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s grave. Befriended a mutant rat. Made a crazy impractical gun out of other guns because, you know, 'Merica. Spent the day adding onto my collection of pig and cow♥♥♥♥♥♥ Shot like 4 screaming goats in the face. Then I went home and saw that Wasteland 2 was on sale! All in all it was a good day."
76561198034410471,Not Recommended,240760,13224811,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,M.O.T.H.E.R.,"Waste40bucks would have been a better name.Boring storyline, boring characters, cliches all over the place, nothing really new. It feels like Fallout Tactics, and doesn't really look better. If it was 15$ I might not say this, but it wasn't worth all the hype."
76561197994605455,Recommended,240760,13330355,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,shalestra,"Amazing! I played the original Wasteland obsessively as a kid, finishing the game a half dozen times, and I was sure that any sequel would take my precious childhood memories, crush them to dust then scatter them to the wind, so I was extremely reluctant to buy Wasteland 2, as I was sure that NOTHING could improve on the original.... I was wrong. The spirit of Wasteland LIVES!!! .. with improvements!Hats off to the designers, this game is a triumph!"
76561197988185529,Recommended,240760,13336861,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,wpmaura,"the more I play the more I enjoy it. I dont get negativity except that its probably from add kids. The storys not that linear multiple ways to finish missions. But no real evil option for the end. at the end of the day your a ranger but how you help the rangers is up to you.Comabt is cool, but a little over powered towards the end but I find that true with most RPGs, hell in F02 when I had a plasma rifle and power armor I was a walking godI wish certain weapons made more sense especially heavy weapons and I would love body part targeting like fallout, but its no big deal.I love the group banter, Ralphy is awesome even though he is a 13 year old kid who is slightly psychotic.Theres a fair amount of work in the radio adds and for some reason I enjoy the samson and his book song.But what made me say this is a clasic through and through was when you first get to seal beach. Mathias has a great sense of humor.It defiantly has replay value as you get either be a fair ranger or super evil hard ♥♥♥.tons of little things that are great, from finding et cartridges, getting stuck with a dog. I dont see why theres any negativity, if enojoy fallout 1+2 this is pretty solid, not as great as Fo2 with options, but F02 party system sucked donkeys. theres things about both games that were a little off but none of those distract from how great the game is."
76561198011246042,Recommended,240760,13325951,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ren,"Can't help but compare in some ways this game to Fallout.  If you're a fan of Fallout, you'll love this game.  If you like squad turn based tactical games, you'll like this game.  If you love dark humor and a gritty post nuclear humor, you'll fall all over this game.  There is so much material in this game that you can replay this game and always find out something new that you didn't do (and maybe should have) or discover something that you missed.  The bugs are minor and overall this game has been robustly built.  If I could improve anything, I'd say some more finer graphical detail so that you can zoom in closer and the ability of equipment to change your game appearance.  Other than that, two thumbs up on a well built deep and rich storyline that has multiple side branches, quests and endings that sucks hours and hours of your life away. :)"
,Recommended,240760,13327630,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,FantabulousDay,One of the richest game I've ever played.  Incredible depth and an enormous amount of non-repetitive hours which can be played.
76561198008025455,Recommended,240760,13192362,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,bryantjudoman,I really am enjoying this game. It is very interesting and a great deal of fun. I especially like the interesting choice of skillls to pick and use.
76561198006765810,Recommended,240760,11184831,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,MrPink,"About 16 hours into the game while writing this review and so far, I am enjoying W2 very much. One can't refrain from comparing this game with Fallout 2, be it fair or not, in which comparison Fallout 2 wins. On the other hand, Wasteland 2 is still in beta stage and getting polished with every major build update.The game itself is quite unforgiving and does not lead you by hand - you have to discover things on your own. Combat is solid, turn-based model. Only thing that really bothers me at the moment is lack of zone map; only world map is available.No matter how the release turns out to be, I can recommend Wasteland 2 to everyone that enjoys a good story and a bit of good old school RPG."
76561197976699464,Recommended,240760,14858016,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,SimpleRick,"If the apocolypse is this fun, launch the nukes now!Completely addictive, 11/10."
76561198033980198,Recommended,240760,13796518,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Pep Pep,"One of the best isometric and/or turn-based games I've ever played.I'm a huge fan of CRPGs like Baldur's Gate I & II, Icewind Dale I & II, Planescape: Torment, Fallout 1 & 2, etc., and I have to say - for a game that came out in 2014 this feels like one of the classics in the best way possible.  While they could have invested a little more time on the character creation system (attributes are skills are certainly lacking) the storyline alone will have you captivated.  The combat system is simple but entertaining, and a generous variety of weapons keeps things fresh--CRPG fans will be delighted as most fights will require a good amount of thought on the ""normal"" difficulty, but not so much that you'll be quick-loading your game 10 times in quick succession.The game is worth full price, assuming you're a CRPG or turn-based strategy fan.9.5/10"
76561197997398294,Not Recommended,240760,14165953,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Terminus,"Outdated graphics, storyline that doesnt add up in so many places it feels like it was written by a kid, unfinished skill system, combat system completely out of balance and horrible AI. I played the game over a year after the release and in 80% of fights there were enemies who just ran from point A to B and the next round from point B to A, apparently waiting to get shot. I completed the game on Ranger difficulty (dont look at steam achievs, you can run the game directly and achievs are not updating) and I am not planning to waste any more time on W2. There is simply not enough content to justify a replay.Being a long time Fallout series fan, I bought Wasteland 2 out of nostalgia and I am dissapointed.Shame on the devs for serving an unfinished product and cashing out on our nostalgia."
76561197992673284,Recommended,240760,14172433,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Beeble,"Wasteland 2 is a great cRPG . It keeps it old school without it feeling dated . A true breath of air for those who have had a ""fallout"" with the genre."
76561198075237211,Recommended,240760,11387596,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Bones,"Wasteland 2 is a throwback but it never feels outdated. The interface definitely needs some work but overall, it is an involving experience. The tactical combat feels similar to what XCOM did recently. It is satisfyingly brutal and also quite challenging. I love that your choices are impactful, and if one of the followers you pick up along the way dies, they stay perished unless you revive them in time. This makes for tense battles akin to old-school rpg's.The graphics are smooth and polished, with some pretty great colors and lighting. You will come across a wide range of environments and npc's. Enemies vary from infected violent animals to trigger happy raiders, environments from vibrant woods to dreary basements and ""dungeons"". There is a lot to take in here, and that is quite refreshing to see.Overall, with some polish and feedback taken, this game would be a breath of fresh air and surprisingly so. It feels quite derivative at times, but all of the pieces fit together masterfully. I would reccomend this to any rpg fan.Most like: if fallout had stuck to the top view, this is where it would be today."
76561197993199697,Recommended,240760,14343555,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Leon,As good as Fallout 2 or even better!
,Recommended,240760,13501628,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MilesVorkosigan,"Overall this is a good game.  As long as you're aware of what game it's trying to be you should enjoy it.Wasteland 2 plays like a slightly less polished Fallout 2, but with a Wasteland setting (rougher and with less 60's nostalgia humor).  The gameplay is a throwback to the original western cRPGs; it's a cold RNG hell mitigated only by extensive save scumming.Graphically it's a 3/4 down perspective 2.5D experience.  Unlike Fallout 2, the worlds aren't 2D drawings but are rather 3D rendered.  This is nice because it allows the camera view to be rotated between the 4 cardinal compass directions.  But, it adds the negative ""feature"" that sometimes important things (like loot or enemys) are obscured by the terrain, forcing you to constantly rotate the camera view to ensure you're not missing something.  It's also quite low res, especially in the character model department.For what parts I've gotten through, the story is interesting and has numerous tie-ins to the original Wasteland storey.  But, it has enough explanation that people that didn't play (or can't remember anymore) the original Wasteland won't feel lost.  The game also alows you many different ways to complete most quests from diplomatic to violent and from good to bad.So, as long as you don't mind reloading a lot (save early and often!) it's quite a fun trip back in memory lane.  This is very much how old school cRPGs were.  And, it's a blast!"
,Recommended,240760,13514234,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,CryO5,"This is the closest you'll come to an old-school Fallout game (specifically 1 & 2). This game contains a large amount of customization, an excellent combat system, and a good 90+ hours of gameplay per playthrough, making it more bang for your buck than most games out there.However, before you buy, know that this game requires a bit more patience than what you may be used to in modern games. There is a decent amount of team management, dialogue/text to investigate and pay attention to, and the tactical combat can sometimes take up to fifteen minutes to finish a single fight sequence.The developers have also gone to great lengths to prevent you from creating a perfect playthrough for your team, as well as savescumming. For many post-apocalyptic enthusiasts, these are very good things, but they're not for everyone.At the time of writing this review, I also noticed a decent handful of bugs (nothing totally game-breaking though) and a lack of polish in a few aspects of the game. It's extremely impressive though considering the small team that developed it, as well as the amount of content for the price.In short, this can be a very challenging game, but extremely rewarding. It's a definite recommend for anyone looking for a game that respects their intelligence and abstains from holding their hand. If you're someone who enjoys taking their time, doesn't fault an extremely complex game for having a few bugs, and doesn't mind seeing several hopelessly dark twists in a single story, you'll find a gem in Wasteland 2."
,Recommended,240760,14379666,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,knifey,"I really enjoy this game.  It combines some of the best aspects of fallout 2 and fallout tactics.One criticism I have is that the squad system makes building characters on your first playthrough kind of stupid.  You get characters who will have skills you need, but then they leave, or you've developed the same skill in another character so now you wasted points, etc.But I still love it and will play through it a bunch of times, eventually."
,Recommended,240760,12673078,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Piffinatour,"Oh. My. God. Becky, look at this game.Seriously, though, Wasteland 2 is frickin' awesome. I'm addicted. Really. I need help.Hey, it's the series that inspired the Fallout series (which I had loved), and it's just as good as those posers. Just kidding. But not really. Wasteland 2 is incredible. Buy it. Play it. Now. Really. Now. Do it. C'mon. Don't be a dork. Do it.Seriously, even after winning a bunch of awards for being the best PC game of 2014, I'm a little sad to see how few people seem to be playing it. Wasteland 2 really is a wonderful game, and I hope you give it a shot."
76561197979721562,Recommended,240760,12381995,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,CrapMagnet,Love it. Looking forward to the next projecthttps://torment.inxile-entertainment.com/
76561198003340520,Recommended,240760,12382548,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,NoneSmith,"Good stuff! It is basically a new skin and refined tools applied to a slightly different rule system lowered on to the original Fallout. Great story, lots of shades of grey for the plot, and no clear right or wrong answers. Your decisions ring out for a while with other groups. Great character progression and lots of guns packed in with plenty of challenge. I RECOMMEND!"
76561197994894608,Recommended,240760,12382576,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,HaRvEsTcHeDdAh,Just like an updated FO: 2
76561198023742471,Recommended,240760,12383708,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Clockworthy,Good game for those who liked the fallout series.
76561198006891326,Recommended,240760,12394015,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ajeffco,Fun game to play.
76561198079767026,Recommended,240760,12393697,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Bobo,"Samson, Samson protect me.Raise your hammer for all to see.Blazing bright throughout the night,Keep me safe till morning light.In the tunnel Samson died,Saving us from evil's tide.Now he watches over all,Helping us when e'er we fall.Samson, Samson protect me.Raise your hammer for all to see.Blazing bright throughout the night,Keep me safe till morning light.Long live the rangers...........Long live Brian Fargo!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,240760,12394143,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Lord Shaftesbury,I have only played the game for about an hour but I feel I need to report what I have experienced. After receiving my second mission my party was grusomely killed by a pack of Gila Monitors. I am playing on the easiest difficulty setting but because  all of them had more than twice the health and damage of my party I assume I couldn't win. I quit the game only to find I had recieved the Gila Monitor card in my inventory. In conclusion: this game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198008564676,Recommended,240760,12394576,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,wolfskull2001,Based on the first hour of this game 7.5/10.
76561197975101531,Recommended,240760,12395259,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Saevus,"There is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, somewhere between California and Arizona, who is trapping all the boxes on earth with dynamite. That guy is awful. This game though is pretty good."
76561197970493966,Recommended,240760,12395316,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Precache,"78%It's pretty much your standard Baldur's Gate clone set in a post-apocalyptic world. The story is good if a little cheese ball. The combat can be frustrating at first, as using any sort of real world tactics seems to backfire. An example of this is that most enemies can move from out of visual range into melee distance and attack within a single turn, making snipers kind of useless. But even then it soon becomes easy as it’s quite quick to grind and become OP.The graphics fit the game well, even if they’re nothing to write home about, but fall apart quickly as soon as you zoom in(Luckily there’s little reason to do so).My biggest complaint is that it gets most of its 80+ hours of gameplay by wasting your time. Many “mistakes” don’t become clear until an hour or so later, with the game practically prompting you to reload and try again. That said, it succeeds handsomely in creating a vast open world that’s fun and rewarding to explore."
76561198126442044,Recommended,240760,12395860,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Slum-loyardee,"Sold my Playstation 4 (it was a gift) because this is enough to keep the world my oyster.  Growing up on Baldur's Gate 1 & 2, Fallout 1 & 2, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment, Arcanum, NWN, etc..... i thought the glory days were over.  Diablo wasn't a true RPG.  Wasteland 2 is Christmas morning everytime I play it, and I could not be more impressed with the game.  The only reason I'm bothering to write this is because I'm downloading a patch for the game, so playing it isn't viable.  It's totally radical, tubular, and right on man!!!!"
76561197960464057,Recommended,240760,12357110,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Silverware,"An addicting, immersive experience. At the time of writing, game has some bugs related to quests that could use some ironing out but I was still able to finish the game while completing most quests. Took me about 60-70 hours to reach the end. Fun combat and loot system. Lots of well crafted world detail in the writing and visuals.  Great gun sounds, character voices, and music.The team behind this should be given a bigger budget if they work on a Wasteland 3. Work on better visuals, primarily for character models, and allow for a wider/lower view angle. I felt a little claustrophobic at times. Add an even greater variety of weapons and weapon mods (grenade launchers, molotovs, nailguns, mines, tasers, foregrips, bayonets.) More of the larger, unique enemy encounters, and more than just the one design.Haven't had such a engrossing gaming experience in awhile and definitely one of my top games this year."
76561198002073066,Recommended,240760,12437397,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,HalfOgre,"I played the original Wasteland when it came out on 5.25"" floppies in my 8088 Heath Zenith z148 kit computer.  Back in the day.  It was AWESOME!  Now, the same folks have made another game and it's AWESOME!  Storyline, characters, action, suspense, and exploration.  Everything I want in a third-person view game.  Buy. This. Game."
76561198017423727,Recommended,240760,12438172,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Method,"It's the game I've wanted for many years.  I waited so impaitantly for the release.  Overall, It's fantastic.  BUT!!   Kids don't play games like this.  Your market is to intelligent young adults.   It's rediculous to assume we don't all know math and ratio's.....     There is no possible way the math in this game you produced is true, so please don't show us %'s that are bogus..   I've looked upon this game with contempt more than 50 times and I'm only half way through.  Anybody who plays needs to know this before purchase  IT IS FIXED.  but still fun.Although there are a number of bugs that will require you to reload a saved game, it is still entertaining."
76561198025236070,Recommended,240760,12439595,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Tyrian Phoenix,"It's alright.The story itself is... interesting.  I will say that there were some pretty cool things that happened and I did like the times when there really wasn't a good choice as I would expect from a post-apocalyptic setting.  The character dialogue was also a lot of fun and there's a lot of references to bascially everything ever.Need to go through again to figure out of fixing toasters is worth it...  Occasionally buggy but only game breaking once.  Certain weapons are useless in most occasions early game and others are nearly completely useless late game.  Don't bother with heavy weapons unless you want to shoot all your expensive ammo less accurately and for less damage than an assault rifle.  The crit rates and multipliers on brawling seem to be balling out of control.  10-20 dmg critting for 150 dmg on most attacks seems a little absurd to me... Not that it wasn't awesome.  Armor is marginally useful right up until it gets you killed.  Late game, you won't be dodging most attacks so good luck with that no HP build.Because hit rates and crit rates for weapons are primarily determined by skill ranks which you get more of from having a high Intelligence and health and carry weight are determined by Strength,  Intelligence and Strength are the two most useful stats.  Coordination follows in a distant third because it increases your available AP fastest.  Awareness is useful if you want to be able to move before your enemies shoot you to pieces and Speed is useful on melee characters so that you can run farther though the evasion increase is negligible.Biggest Complaints - Energy Weapons don't crit... unless the enemy is using one.  Also, you can't skip animations or cinematics so things can become a little tedious.  And considering how often you're going to end up fighting...  Suffice to say that I spent most of my time in combat.Favorite Follower - Takayuki ""Robot Fighting Heaven""Hit or Miss - You may be save scumming...  A lot."
76561198102094426,Recommended,240760,12443032,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,blankslate1990,This is a great game and its nice to see what Fallout Tactics could have and should have been. Great work Brian Fargo and hopefully you can make more of the series.
76561198126126282,Recommended,240760,12443682,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,dbsurridge,"Highly recommend this for any fan of games like Baldurs gate, FF Tactics, and (obviously) Fallout."
76561198081577572,Recommended,240760,12444427,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,aquadraken,"For anyone not in the know, if you played Wastland back in the 80's, and found it enjoyable, this is a MUST have. Get ready to invest some time though as it's going to take your computer hostage, not let you have it back until you've completed the game."
76561198042836165,Recommended,240760,12447791,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Dickfuck the Dongsmasher,"This S**t is goood, so good!"
76561197987816557,Recommended,240760,12449457,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Berry[LinuxMint],"Can't trow a rock without it landing on an incoming battle. Can't do anything without having a fight. Don't wanna progress no more, cause that means theres fighting to be done."
,Recommended,240760,12455456,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Sigfried,"If this looks like a game you want to play, then it is a game you want to play.The developers hit all the right notes, especially if you take the time to play into the game's second half. I never played the original (which is included) but its clear this game does all it can to stay true to both the setting and story of that title while creating a modern game of some depth.If you need your games to be AAA quality, you might take some issues with the graphics or voice acting. The visual design feels rough, though careful examination shows great detail. The voice acting comes and goes, usually introducing a character with a bit of spoken dialog and then going text only.The story is not exceptional in its overall arc, but the lives of individual NPCs and locations are often compelling and amusing. There is a lot of character in the game with both great NPCs you can join up with and bizarre folks making their way in the wastelands.Combat is good, though has some rough edges. Armor is fairly pointless on higher difficulties and simply getting the best guns you can find trumps nearly every other consideration much of the time. But there is depth in the skills side that makes character building and development compelling. What is likely a first fight for many groups is exceptionally tough and is not optional. (my hint, bring explosives)  Overall difficulty comes in waves, getting easy when you get some spiffy new guns, and brutal when you wander into a new area and are not ready for  what waits there.You will be getting a good amount of game for your money. I was worried it was a bit sparse until it became clear there was a second half to the story. It left me satisfied and eager for a second playthrough on the highest difficulty taking some roads not taken the first time around, always a good sign."
,Recommended,240760,12459026,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,[SSB] Funny Man' Rocco,"Picture a mixup of Fallout 1, 2, Tactics, and the Fallout 3 Van Buren Alpha Build, and you essentially get this game."
76561198146090205,Recommended,240760,12459071,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ganacu5,"This is the most addictive, fun, well built, game I've played in years. It truly does feel nostalgic (to some of the similarly styled RPG's from my childhood). I'm so super satisfied with getting and playingi this game. I WANT WASTELAND 3!!!"
,Recommended,240760,11768967,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,favoredflav,"I was instantly transported back to the flickering CRT days of college and playing the first Fallout game.   The iconic drabness of the world-- punctuated by odd bits of black humor-- startling and interesting choices and directions-- it's all here.The combat system is a fine heir to the Fallout engine:  Combat is intuitive and as deliciously gory as always.My only criticisms are minor, and Beta related:   The game hung a few times,  the scripting in a few areas was fragile, and I had a few application lockups.I have every expectation that when complete this will stand right up there as a classic.   Wonderfully done."
76561197982884531,Recommended,240760,12414534,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Jan,"Through the inside jokes, the 90s nostalgia (furbees?) and clever writing; this game can not be praised enough.While it starts off slow and seemingly staccato, its difficulty curve slowly smoothes out, while never dropping into the trivial range. A few bugs slightly mar the experience, but its sheer size and problem solving-flexibility more than makes up for them. This is the game Fallout 3 should have been.9/10"
76561198074092989,Recommended,240760,12415688,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,kopulkon,"I had fabulous time playing this great game. The old school system and spirit resembles everyone's favourite Fallout franchise. Sure, there are some flaws here and there but all in all I enjoyed even the frustrating bits of the gameplay. Screw the casuals. :D"
76561198017972039,Recommended,240760,12416709,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Highly Refined Pirate,"This game is not without it's share of bugs and little things that need patching, but having said that...I AM LOVING THIS GAME.The general consensus seems to be that if you have a bit a patience, this is the crpg version of 'Fallout 3' you've been waiting for.Plus this game is MASSIVE. I am nearly 50 hours into my first playthough, and according to what little I've read, I JUST hit the halfway mark."
76561197972314806,Recommended,240760,12417162,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,[LaF]HateSmurf,"If you liked Fallout 1 and 2, you need to play this game."
,Recommended,240760,12414348,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,A Rusty Spoon,"I just want to say I've only written one other review on another game in my 200+ collection of games which was Deus Ex: Human Revolution and it won't be as long as this one.To begin, this game is something I did not think I would enjoy, boy was I wrong!  This game opened my mind to the Isometric strategic RPG genre of games and OMG i love it!  I beat this game in over 70+ hours of playtime including probably about 100 + save/reloads.  My first playthrough I picked 4 of the actual characters that you can actually begin with.  I spent about 10 - 20 hours and stopped atThe Prison.I wasn't sure of why I wasn't catching up in the sense of skills on the easiest difficulty, some things were too hard or impossible to open and I couldn't understand it.  So, I looked online for an idea of what to do in my situation.  I found that certain things were easier to do if you made 4 custom characters.  You could plan your skills the way you want them and imo, in all cases there was an order to the skills being used that made them have a priority.  Lockpicking IMO had to be the most important.  The only problem with this skill usage correction is that it may detract from the game.  I enjoyed the game even after this skill customization.  I had 4 members of my team, with portraits available to be put inside the game from an outside source.  I had 4 members of my team, Arnold Schwarzenegger (heavyweaps, sub), George Clooney (sniper(just got done watching From Dusk till Dawn for the first time)), Daniel Craig (Assault Rifle), and Bruce Willis (shotgun) with the appropriate allotment of skills put into each of my team members.  All in all in order to cut this short, I enjoyed the game with much appreciation of all the work that they put into it, the upgrading of weapons and the awesome story definitely is what kept me going in this game.  i'm trying to think of different things that could have done to improve the experience but nothing comes to mind.  Certain bugs do occur, that may come to mind but it didn't stop me from finishing the game.I give this game a 10/10 mainly because it is an awesome game and it makes me want to come back and play on the hardest difficulty.  Good job devs!"
,Recommended,240760,12411268,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Mapboy,"I was waiting for this game to come out and I was right about it.Pro :Ambiance, dialogues and graphisme have depth. Main story is entertaining and there is more with many side quests. Turn combat is nicely done.Con :The second part of the game has a lot of bugs, still none could prevent the ending of the game.Combat mechanics could be improved, like taking cover outside of combat (like crouching), and would be nicer with some news mechanics involved.The game needs a setup for party to be able to rearrange party with formation."
76561197995686781,Recommended,240760,12422278,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ruckus,Hell yes anyone who says this game is a dissappointment solely because of the graphics is a fool any fan of the original fallouts will love this im 50 hours into it and still haven't finished
,Recommended,240760,12423856,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dave924,So far this game is amazing. I love the story driven nature. I'm still early into the game but so far it's been hard to stop playing.
,Recommended,240760,12424140,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,WraithKind,"If you like fallout, fallout 2, or fallout tactics, you'll enjoy this game.  Set in a post apocalyptic world with limited resources, there is an emphasis on creating a diverse, yet focused, skill set among your initial team members, as well as recruiting needed skill sets from among the npc's you encounter along the way.  There's a surprising, and welcome, amount of choice and consequence, and often those consequences aren't felt until later in the game.  There are so many ways to play through the game, and so many different choices, it is easy to see that this game can easily be played through multiple times with different experiences.Graphically, the unity engine delivers the needed aesthetics.  While the ui is solid, it sometimes does not quite flow the way you'd expect, but once you figure it out, you should be fine.  I would point out, however, that if you are a mouse clicker, and not one to use keyboard shortcuts, this game will definitely wear out your hands.  If you are an older gamer  (like I am), this could be a problem....I've learned to use my keyboard shortcuts.The story is solidly written, and you can tell the developers and designers had fun putting this all together.  There are more than a few moments in the game that gave me a good laugh, and caused me to shake my head.  Some of the references in even the type of loot you can pick up made me laugh (I'm thinking of you, ""bat♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, lol)The combat is a whole bunch of turn-based goodness.  Though not quite as varied as, say, Divinity: Original Sin, it makes intelligent use of the cover concept, and emphasizes tactics over ""jumping in"".  This portion of the game reminded me a lot of Fallout: Tactics (with turn-based: individual turned on), in this regard.  You also had to watch your ammo expenditure, and constantly evaluate whether or not the enemies you faced was worth the ammo, since ammo is a rare commodity - espeically for sniper rifles!  This is where your 'brawlers' become important.  Also, let's not forget weapon smithing.  This was a layer on combat that added a little extra spice, and I personally didnt' realize to what extent I could use this skill.  Weapon smithing definitely defines the concept of ""success is when perparation meets opportunity."" A sniper that doesn't jam and has longer range? Yes please.  A bladed weapon that is easier to swing, letting you swing it more often? No question.  These little differences have often been the difference of a battle in which i use way too many trauma kits (lol), and a solid win with using a some pain killers along the way.Though the game was fun, like every game, it had its flaws.  My main issue with the game is that, while I enjoyed the 'old-school gamer' vibe, it should have brought a few more modern gameplay elements in.  For example, if you have a character in your party that has safecracking skill, and there's a safe, don't make me select that character, then activate their safecracking skill, and then click on the safe.  Instead, I would expect a little more intelligence from my game. When I hover over the safe (assuming its not trapped), my icon should change to the safecracking icon, and then the character in my party with the highest safecracking skill should automatically make the attempt.  Fewer clicks, and the immersion isn't necessarily broken because I already know who my 'safecracker' is!In summary, this is a fun game full of choice, consequence, and quirky humor.  The turn based combat is pretty solid, with a respectable variety of enemies which you have to face.  ""Old-school"" gamers will like this game, and even some younger gamers who want to see what all us old farts miss from the days of yore.  Give it a shot, you might be surprised!"
76561198036684346,Recommended,240760,12425870,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Flashlife,"This is a great game.  It's a mix of the Fallout 1 and 2, Fallout Tactics, and Western post apocalyptic backdrop.  Good story and good game play.  It makes you make choices that have a consequence.The game starts you off with  a Max of 4 Characters, each with a skill of your choosing (or you can pick the premade characters to make your team).  Along the way you can recruit several new members, each with their own skills and personalities."
76561198002958077,Recommended,240760,12428092,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Sanguine,"Among the best games in terms of storytelling you will ever play. Branching storylines, characters shaping the world, difficult choices, at times humourous, and never trivial. 10/10 for anyone with a mind for real RPGs."
,Recommended,240760,11384699,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,MackJazno,"I'm only a couple hours into gameplay but I'm already hooked.  I wasn't sure if I'd like the gameplay because my experience is mostly with ARPG games like Diablo 3.  My Fallout/Wasteland experience started with Fallout 3.  I played every single expansion and had tons of hours of Xbox 360 time.  I only recently got it for PC. So, i like the look and the story of the genre but would I like the gameplay?  Once I took the time to learn it, and I'm still learning, I am really liking the team strategy.  I'm no longer a single jack of all trades, my medic heals, my strong guy won't be using any computers but he can whack a raider.  Anyway, this game is still in Beta and I held off playing until recently and I'm probably going to take another break.  Nothing here so far looks incomplete maybe because it is all new.  If you re the fence, I would recommending waiting.  If you can't, it's still $60 but you get some extras.  If those extras aren't enough, just wait.  But once the game is released this August, it is going to be worth the wait.  I'm looking forward to it.  As always, I'll update this review as is play more!Post release update. At $40, this is a game still worth the money but if you are still on the fence, it is sure to be on sale again.  You still get hours of gameplay not to mention hours more when playing through again making different choices through the game.  While I have no problems with the gameplay mechanic, the difficulty, I do wish the graphics were a little bit better.  It isn't something that ""breaks"" the game for me but every once and awhile, when I zoom in on a abandoned shell of a car, it would have been cool to see it in a little more detail.  But of course, that isn't what this game is about.  You will be reading in this game.  A lot of reading and you would rather ignore the story and just whack enemies, go get Torchlight or even Grim Dawn.  Not that they are bad games at all but with Wasteland 2 you need to pay attention to see where your next objective will be otherwise you could be stuck.  The sense of accomplishment in figuring those out is really cool though.I am not even to LA yet and I have no idea if I am even close. Anyway, we are about to have more and more ""classic"" style RPG's hit the scene too. With the success of this game and Divinity: Original Sin, it will be interesting to compare the games to come, likeAfter Reset and Insomnia.  In my opinion, the bar has been set high.  This game isn't for everyone, and if the graphics were on par with some of the ARPG's, it might attract a few more gamers and in my opinion, raise the bar of all games out there as demand for the ""same old thing"" just isn't good enough anymore.  As always, I'll post updates as I progress."
76561198054408949,Recommended,240760,12363414,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,radioactive,"Finally a game with meaningful decisions again. A game that does not assume you are a toddler that needs a nanny at every step (although the forums suggest a lot of toddlers are playing). Reading matters, running around unprepared kills you, running around stupid kills you.I am not even close to a playthrough but still know a ton of decisions I would try differently on the next."
76561197988079908,Recommended,240760,12268445,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,GrumbleMonkey,"Love it.   As an XCOM, and classic Fallout fan you really can't go wrong here.   Good squad play, and light RPG upgrades.   the only complaint i have is too much text... but its pretty well written, but i tend to skip most of it."
76561198029076620,Recommended,240760,8814620,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,chostett46236,"Loving the Wasteland nostalgia, and continuing the experience from the original Wasteland on my C64 at age 13 has been great!!  The early beta experience has been vastly improved, and I didn't recommend paying $60 for it, but I certainly recommend picking it up now.  Is it as good as playing the big hit TBS - Fallout 2 for the 1st time.  Well, I think it just comes shy of it.  At  any rate, it is a lot fun and you guys should pick it upl."
76561198018111486,Recommended,240760,12268910,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,yellowsnow402,So far a lot of fun everything is pretty straightforward in the explaination of the game. If you like turn based combat then this is definately worth checking out.
76561198042664827,Recommended,240760,12269240,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Alex,"Total Success. Captures just about everything that made Fallout 1 and 2 great, then made it better, more modern, and has more of it. Surprisingly bug-free release version."
76561198094874801,Recommended,240760,12269761,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Vahzilok,"A little glitchy here and there, but still one of the most fulfilling games I've played in a long while."
,Recommended,240760,12270913,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Toxivian,"Kickstarter has a bit of a wobbly reputation when it comes to games, but inXile entertainment have made a bold statement that it can be done, and the result can be a modern classic of RPG design."
,Recommended,240760,12254456,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Mr_mariano,"I reaaly enjoy this game. Wonderful story line, great humour, the game altering decisions, a sense that you have to replay major choice for those what if scenarios and tons of memorable characters and incidents from previous installment are referenced and sometimes featured. Also the Easter Eggs and pop culture references are an absolute delight.All in all a must have for the Interplay Fallout fans"
76561198015324564,Recommended,240760,12254795,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Address Unknown,"Usually when internet is available i restrict myself to internet required games. But in this games case I can't pass up a chance to play, internet or not. Even more strange to me is how tatical camera veiws and tatics dont suit my playstyle this game has attracted me deeply. It taticly involves you just enough to feel like a squad leader yet not take your mind out of the action to plan. The story line is nothing to snicker at ither and the constant incounters to decide the reputation you create for yourself and faction brings the same feel and addiction i've felt from the fallout series.End point, if you enjoy post end of world, fallout, and tatical combat. You will not fail to enjoy this well made title."
,Recommended,240760,12257350,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Wrayyth,"I am about half way through this delicious treat from the wasteland. Old style game play meets decent graphis and an interesting story line (I should say lines). I never played the original nor the TBS versions of Fallout, but I have the urge to now. If you liked Xcom (Enemy Unknown or Emey Within) or Shadowrun Returns you will find this is a fantastic adventure into a violent future torn by deserts, cults, raiders, and robots. Come see what the wastes have to offer you!"
76561198007098206,Recommended,240760,12275941,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Lolomancer,"My oh my! Old school Wasteland mixed with best Fallout 2 conception. Thank you, guys!"
,Recommended,240760,12271743,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,gabensparklebeard.jpg,"Once, long ago, I played a game called Wasteland that forever changed how I would view the way games should be played.  It was the basis by which many other post-apocalyptic titles (such as Fallout) and essentially solidified the turn-based strategy genre.  Playing Wasteland now, years and years from when it was first published, is a frustrating experience; but nonetheless, I still feel a little of the magic I felt back then as a kid playing something that was so cool and so new for its time.Wasteland 2 does not disappoint.  I will readily admit I'm the type of player that hypes himself up too much before his first minutes in a game and leaves disappointed because the experience did not coincide with his images of it.  However, given a few hours of effort and attempts, I find that Wasteland 2 is a deeply satisfying sequel to one of my favorite games of ages past.For those unfamiliar with old-style turn-based games, this game is DIFFICULT.  You will not be a battle that you don't have the potential to lose.  Even the most soft of the game modes is has some extremely difficult battles in them.  Chance can and does fail you.  That chest which probably has some decent loot more often than not will be permanently broken instead of opening for you.  Your gun will jam at the most inopportune times and a number of enemies will be sufficiently higher level than you to make your first couple of fights in each new map be an extremely cautious experience.  You will be required to use all of the skills available to you to effectively fight battles.  In higher difficulties, it is highly possible to design a character that is completely unusable past a certain point in the game.  Not to mention your characters are capable of being permanently dead.  Resources are limited and you'll find times when you run out of ammo (make sure you bring spare weapons).   However, if challenge suits you, this is the type of game you should play.  The musical score is very well thought out and after a few hours the story becomes very engaging.Some problems, like most reviews I've read, have more to do with nitpicking bugs or GUI designs instead of something that is truly gamebreaking or experience ruining.  The graphics are awful for the current generation of games, but the environments are well thought out enough to really ignore that type of problem;  besides, as one review pointed out, if you're playing this game you aren't playing it because it's pretty.Other issues include complicated inventory management, the inability to adequately group characters (there are several points in the game where you have to break up your team to manage certain areas) and a 'sluggish' interface (usually due to abundantly clicking a certain NPC or area).  Additionally I was disappointed that the voiceovers were pretty limited, usually first lines of a dialog, but to be honest I got over that pretty quickly once I settled back into my old-school RPG mood.  One really delightful element to the game is that I feel that each skill tree is actually worth investing in, even if some are more influential than others.  I don't feel like another round of Diablo where there are 3 specific builds worth doing and everything else is trash.  If you play, I highly recommend diversifying your skill sets (stick to roughly 4-5 per characters, exceeding that you'll become a jack of all trades and a master of none) and get close to maxing your intelligence (skill points per level are awarded based on int, 8 for 4 points, 10 for 5).All in all I would rate it an 8 out of 10, most of my complaints are polish and general clunkiness.  But, as expected, I found no lack of enjoyment thus far in engaging in the post-apocalyptic world of southwest Arizona, a member of the Desert Rangers once more."
,Recommended,240760,12279388,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Zldw,W
76561198061186954,Recommended,240760,12279872,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Chito_Bro,"Incredible depth, strong main story but weak side story never the less close to flawless."
,Recommended,240760,12281211,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ollipo,Good old-school RPG. A lot of gameplay and side quests.
,Recommended,240760,12282481,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Tom Meier,I've waited 16 years for this game.Thank you.
76561197978479111,Recommended,240760,12282822,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Rezel,"Fan of Fallout 1 & 2? Buy this gameliked XCOM? Buy this gameno idea what the hell a turn based rpg game is and hate them.... well go away then...The first screen where you make your characters is very overwhelming due to a giant spreadsheet of info they throw at you when you create your characters, i think this is a bit off putting if you want to create your own characters, however I'd suggest just take the premades or just make some quick characters (dont spend too much time figuring out what each skill does on this screen learn in game what does what) and jump in till you get past the first two character levels (about 10 mins or so depending if your talking to EVERYONE), at that point you'll understand enough about the points and stats to make a real custom set of characters.The story is very retro where you're the only guy who does anything and the world relies on you to fix its problems, but hey that make you importin and special and fits in with the story's progression.The games learning curve is a bit hard for the first few stepts, but onces you get past the tutorial/basics you wont have any issues picking out how to approach things.One of the games very interesting points it has is perma-death in it, not to where oh you got a random head shot you're gone for ever, but if you don't use the revive skill on someone after a set amount of time they will be gone and your now short a member. however they do have npcs you can recruit in some towns as well as some story npcs if you save them to give you more members.If i'm giving points my overall arbitrary number would be above 75's but below 90 out of a full 100, the game is good and would say its worth while to play, but the thing that really pulled me in was the nostalgia of playing an updated Fallout 1/2. Overall Wasteland 2 has a few points that could use improvement, such as the character creator (custom characters is always a big thing on my lists) needs a lot more options (it did support make your own character picture, but the ingame 3d characters i only found like 3 that were likeable) and the story has quite a few plot holes, but it does have good gameplay and interaction with the world depending on say your characters repair skill or free items from a store if you have high enough talk skill.My overall impression is this is a great game to pick up if you're into this style of play, but in no way is it going to turn you to like this style if you're not into it. the major thing that hurts the game is probably the current price point of the game that makes people on the fence about it."
76561198079644729,Recommended,240760,12282818,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[BURNT] Bacon,The second I got in the Ranger citadel I looked around in the museum and found a nuke pressed a red button on the nuke thought it was joke and then killed everybody. 10/10
,Recommended,240760,9309816,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,xXx,"""Do not buy! It`s not a beta it`s pre alpha! Buggy, extremly slow, only 4 locations. Price 50$I recomend to buy Rust it costs only 15$ and it`s fully palyable!""UPD Many perfomance improvements + price drop + new content = You can buy it and play now!"
,Recommended,240760,12043126,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,lobo17ish,I'm not very good at describing things but this game is amazing!! Can't wait for the full game.
76561198058145746,Recommended,240760,12117030,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,ksykng,It's like Fallout... But better! I'm only 20 hours into the game and most of that was spent creating my rangers. So far the story is drawing me in and I really wish i had more time to spend playing Wasteland 2.
,Recommended,240760,12121645,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,para-medic,"I've had the pleasure of watching this game grow from its alpha stages. Anyone who loves old-school, top-down, turn-based RPGs MUST play this game. Despite never having played the original I still found this to be an excellant title that impressed from the first time I turned it on. The FULL RELEASE is coming 19Sep and I've gotta say, its got me excited. Don't waste your time with cheap titles for cheap thrills. This game delivers."
76561198041469084,Recommended,240760,12146736,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Aurenical,"Wonderfully crafted! Turn based RPG done right!It's a little lacking with the stats, feel like they could have given you more points to make more well rounded Rangers, but a solid system with a great knack for detail.And this is just from the Beta!If you're a fan of the Fallout Series, Fire Emblem Series, or Xcom, I highly recommend this game.  You will NOT be disappointed."
76561197999216184,Recommended,240760,12155273,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,kind words,"Game doesn't seem ready on Linux, it wont launch for me on Ubuntu 14.04, just a black screen after the initial splash. :("
76561197977785395,Recommended,240760,12156264,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,The14th,"This game is for all the people who screamed about Fallout 3 not being a true sequal. Isometric rpg fans rejoice, the exile is over!"
76561197970533256,Recommended,240760,12157787,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,0.defekt,Love it
,Recommended,240760,12159547,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,bozA,"maybe it's not equal to fallout 1&2 but it's still great. we all missed wasteland after the ""fallout 3 tragedy"" and I can easily say that it's better than fallout 3 and new vegas, so if you a big fan of fallout series, you should try this.graphics : who the ♥♥♥♥ cares?!gameplay: 9/10sounds/voices: it's mark morgan dude, 10/10story: didn't finish it yet but it seems great, 8/10this game will make you all guys busy for a long time (and also me)general : 9/10♥♥♥♥ IGN AND OTHER REVIEW WEBSITES."
76561198123469077,Recommended,240760,12369696,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Celph Titled,"Pretty much just fallout but turn-based strategy. That being said, I LOVE this game! It's one of those game where you gotta think ahead, and is very deep and has alot of depth. If your into post-apocalyptic turn-based strategy game this is a must buy!!!!5/5highly recommend!!!!!!"
76561197972534897,Recommended,240760,12370474,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Rendash!,This is one of the best games I've ever played.  In every way it is a phenomenal sequel and spiritual sucessor to Fallout 2.  I can't recommend it enough.
76561198091590268,Recommended,240760,12370698,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Alex,FUN GAME HARD BUT REWARDING
76561197972774350,Recommended,240760,12370876,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,I am the Lizard Queen!,loving it! cross between jagged alliance and fallout!
76561198021433450,Recommended,240760,12372259,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Fallout-DY-,"So Fun! Fallout to the tenth power, so stoked to have played this!  Planning on many future play throughs. Simultaneously played with my brother speaking through teamspeak... the difference in our initial approach to nearly every encounter was so amanzing... nearly all the ""main"" story lines we handled completely different... very rare to have such open options in so many ways! I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed my experiences. Rich and engaging."
76561198031142127,Recommended,240760,12406116,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,BigB848,"Wow. Never have I played a game that captures the imaginative qualities of a book, with the playstyle of final fantasy tactics and the backdrop of Fall out... This game has huge replayability with seemingly endless opportunities to change the path your on. 2 thumbs up for sure!"
76561198118536774,Recommended,240760,12409117,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Azza909,I love this Game so much so many choices so many ending so many missions this is what a game should be Good Work with this one 10/10
,Recommended,240760,12410903,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Explicit Dank,"Glitches? Check.Bugs? Check.80% hit percentage missing 75% of the time? Check.@#%$@ cheap death? Check.Be prepared to hate this game, only to keep playing it to completion. Then to play it again."
,Recommended,240760,12411862,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Spiratic,I always wondered what the first wasteland was like (i wouldn't know if this one is exactly the same aha) but now i got to have a taste of the series and boy is it great :3. Created my dream Ranger team and set off on an awesome adventure full of violence and betrayal.Now i was planning on doing a first impressions video but i don't have time and the space atm :( but when i can i will start a let's play on this beautiful game. I recommend this to any seasoned fallout player (early ones as they have the tactics in them) and wasteland players :).
76561197967228796,Recommended,240760,12414339,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,c : \b1tchmaker.exe,"Feels very close to Fallout 2 with the combat style of Falout Tactics. Good story and voice acting. Has some good humor, and some dark moments. Pretty addicted to this, and will probably replay it 50 times like Fallout 1 and 2."
,Recommended,240760,12429801,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,garrettf04,"Still working through it slowly, but I love it.  It helps that my all-time favorite games are Fallout 2 and 1 (in that order), and this captures everything I loved about those."
76561197989285165,Recommended,240760,12434087,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,JFB,"79 hours played and thats with one restart half way through. The first 50 hours were a blast then after that i just wanted it to be over. Little to much run and talk to him then run and talk to him questing for my taste. Good game all in all but if you can get it onsale your good, Read up on Charactor creation first to save yourself some pain later"
76561198043486967,Recommended,240760,12869159,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Keeper,If you like turn-based isometric tatical combat then this should fit the bill. Well done theme park type RPG with a bit of a sandbox feel to the game. Lots to do and few bugs with no CTD events so far. Looks like they are updating regularly. Good game not sure its worth the $40 price unless the above features are a must for you. Maybe wait until its on sale.
76561198013657249,Recommended,240760,12869283,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,sirlavidor,"I really enjoyed the game play as well as the story line and comedy.  There are many puns and connections to songs, events and people.  The game was well put together and not at all a disappointment as some resurrected games have been.  The character customization is well done but I would have liked to seen more options and better detailing in the avatar and portrait.  I would have liked to see a bit more truth to real world items, such as the M2 machine gun should be shooting .50 cal not 5.56 mm and a LAW rocked does not weigh close to 15lbs. But it is a game and I can overlook those things as the game play is amazing. I highly recommend this game."
76561198084220467,Recommended,240760,12869542,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Rohlex32,Let me start off with saying this a >>>>GREAT<<<< game. I hope that they come out with a co-op verison (which is pretty much the opposite of the purpose of this game) but it would be fun w/ your friends/to play against other people
,Recommended,240760,13024375,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,DyingHobo,"Good game, very reminicant of the original Fallout games. Would recomend it to anyone who likes those style of RPG's, and needs a fix."
76561197985345570,Recommended,240760,13094447,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,arkangelgofgmono,"Interesting story-line, plenty of humor, great old-school RPG feel that comes with a complete none ""streamlined"" (dumbed down) skills set and attributes options for each charature. The choices in the game make you feel like you have consequences from very early on and the sandbox feel is a little hard break out of the linear story-line but it is possible with some understandable limitations.  Great range of weapons and tactics available. It is a little unforgiving on the first play through after being spoiled for so long by RPGs that hold your hand and offer a way out for any stupid choice you might have made along the way. There were some minor bugs on my first couple of plays. Saving mistress veronica and McDane on supreme jerk difficulty only to have the game glitch and lead them to attack me was certainly annoying but I think patch 4 fixed this issue. Overall its a hell of play. My only real grip at this point is wondering what they were thinking with a level cap of 50. The immersion of the game is really where the game shines for me. After starting its easy to let the days slip by without even realizing it. They balance well the difficulty setting and progression of the game.Overall I give this game a 7.5/10 fantastic job.  A new favorite for my collection,"
,Recommended,240760,12375194,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,InFerNos1,Activated the Davy Crockett in the Citadel and blew it up. 10/10.
,Recommended,240760,12376130,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,DustyKnives,"TL;DRBugs aside, one of the best games I've ever played. Combat of XCOM meets the post-apocalyptic style of Fallout, with great writing all around and quirky humor sprinkled around serious themes. Worth $60? Definitely. 9.5/10OVERVIEWI just finished the game the night before this review, and after putting 27 hours between multiple playthroughs into the beta, I kinda zipped through the first half of the game since I knew what to expect. Still, it took 30 hours to finish the game, and because of the amount of content I realize I missed, it should have taken much longer.REPLAY VALUE: 9/10There is a ton of replay value. Often, you are told to choose between sides, whether to save one base vs the other, or keep the current ruling party in power vs replacing them. Sometimes you can negotiate something where everybody wins. Other times, I turned both sides into a bloodbath and skipped away with all of their valuables. After finishing this review, I intend to start a whole new party and go through it again to see how different actions will affect the outcome.STORY: 8/10While predictable at times, it was still fun to see how things unfold. Each of the settlements has its own share of problems, ranging from the absurd (giant killer plants attacking us!!) to the exciting (paramilitary team trying to tactfully usurp power from religious wackjobs). While the ending wasn't mindblowing, it was satsifying.GAMEPLAY: 9.5/10There are so very many ways to solve problems. At first, the number of skills seems overwhelming, since you only have a limited number of characters to learn them. But if my lockpicker can't open a door, maybe I can have my strength build kick it down. He fractured his leg on it? Hell, let's just blow it off the hinges. Where's that guy with the RPG? Exploring the world is exciting as well. There are plenty of areas that will never get mentioned if you only follow the main storylines, so many hidden caches of weapons to stumble upon. And there's nothing more exciting than going into combat with a brand new shiny weapon. Speaking of which...COMBAT: 9/10The combat system is the turn-based strategic grid style that XCOM and Fallouts 1/2/Tactics used. Command your sniper to climb that ladder and watch her accuracy - and damage output - triple. Hide your SMGer behind a wall and order him to ambush anyone who walks by. Why should he walk into harm's way? Put your assault people behind the wrecked car for cover and an accuracy bonus. Doesn't always work, since enemies will still use flanking maneuvers, grenades, and the same tactics as you. If you fall, you'd better hope your surgeon can come fix you before you bleed out. If you're about to fall, send your medic for a quick patchup.PROBLEMS:There are a lot of bugs in the second half of the game. For those of us who played it while it was in the Early Access stage, the second half of the game was not available, so once you reach that point, expect typos, a few conversations without purpose, people appearing in two places at once, etc. I personally haven't experienced anything gamebreaking, just frustrating, but the team has been hard at work polishing the game since release."
76561198074169873,Recommended,240760,12376323,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,skeeter,"This game is awesome.  It is extremely intelligent and atmospheric.  It is well paced, unpredictable and everything is connected in regards to the characters and decisions you make.  If you ever played icewind dale or any of the original fallout games you will love this.  If you love rpgs and tactical combat games you will also love this.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,240760,12378948,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Cubiccube,"This game is F'in awesome.  In my old age, this is exactly the game I've been missing for a long time now.  If you played Fallout, Torment, Icewind Dale, or any of those old classics, you will love this game.  It is worth every penny."
,Recommended,240760,12379151,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Grive,"This game needs some polish, but it is already awesome! 9/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,240760,12380276,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,thewhistles,"Highly recommended if you miss playing Fallout 2, Baldur's Gate, and other iso-view classics. Wasteland 2 has a ton of quests and many of them have repurcussions depending on your choices. Character building is tough because there are more skills than you can master, so it's better to forget about trying to max out in everything.The dialogue and writing is very extensive and humorous. Arizona is filled with weird characters and location descriptions. Environments are large and it's easy to miss boxes and vaults hidden away in corners. This is the type of game where you have to back track in order to loot and explore everything.Combat is good enough for what it is, but could eventually become a chore. Other than move, attack, switch weapons, and switch firing types, your only other options are to crouch or headshot. Headshot seems pointless because it's -40% chance to hit, 200% damage, and 0% critical. 0% critical for a headshot? My sniper character has a 25% critical chance, so it's a tradeoff that doesn't seem to be worth it.Switching items in your inventory and hands doesn't cost any action points, but a ""quick belt"" for grenades and such would seem handy. Also, weapons jam too much. They SAY the percentages are usually 2-4%, but I would guess they're more around 6-10%.Weaknesses aside, this is an awesome game with a lot to do. Even right at the beginning is a large decision which affects the later game. I expect replay value will be very high for me."
,Recommended,240760,12463512,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,QuillGuard,Reading is fun...
,Recommended,240760,12465604,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,rpdillon,"Wasteland 2 is a great game.  It's an open-world RPG with tactical turn-based combat.  Many players that enjoy it played Wasteland (from 1988!) though I never have.  Nevertheless, Wasteland 2 has been well worth my money and time.  The post-apocalyptic theme is appealing, and the attention to the writing gives a welcome bit a variety in a game that is dominated by turn-based combat and map exploration.  Even if you're not familiar with Wasteland, Wasteland 2 carries on the tradition of the Fallout series (albeit less tongue-in-cheek), which more players will be familiar with.One caveat: I'm playing Wasteland 2 on two different Linux machines (both 64-bit Ubuntu), one on AMD Radeon and the other on Nvidia.  There are notable stability issues in Wasteland that force a reboot on both machines, making long play sessions frustrating.  There are some threads about it in the forums, so I'm hoping the developers will track it down within a few weeks, because it's truly great that they  decided to bring such a great game to Linux in the first place."
,Recommended,240760,12264419,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,.o0O0o.,"I just made MY FIRST Wasteland 2 starter group! I took a few hours on the profiles. When the intro movie was playing, I thought of a change, and cancelled the game without saving my place. None of the customized characters were reselectable upon restart. Be careful.The ideal WL2 group configuration is to go with skill groupings primarily  and stats based on skills. In other words, one or two knowlegists (breaking things and making things), one or two weaponists (CloseRange/LongRange, HighAmmo/LowAmmo, SameAmmo/DifferentAmmo), and one or two generalists (peaceful NPS interaction and violent NPC interaction)You can distribute the skills between party members so that the loss or replacement of one member isn't catastrophic. Just as you would want at least three members to be armed with unique weapon types, you would want each member to have a dash of general and knowledge skills. E.G., One person to disarm the trap on the object, one person to disable the alarm on the object, one person to pick the lock on the object, and one person to crack the safe on the object.Area 1 Tips:-Mike Scott is on one of the grave markers, for all you CS Horns out there. Pretend to leave some candy on his marker.- Don't use dig the graves, save, load from before, then dig again, or the item quality goes down permanently. There is a non-random item-class punishment seed generator, which can be abused on netbooks by other players with shared controls and console switching and screen feeding, a la Twitch. Energy cells and utilitarian items on the first dig turned into dirt-junk rings on the second dig. I'm not sure if this is one of those games where you can combine items in your inventory to make new items. I did not try putting things INTO the grave, becauase I don't know if everything is treated as a container. I am a bad person...-You can talk the doorman just NE of the gravesite with one of the verbal skills to get a REALLY nice legendary shotgun for trade or for use.-You don't need animal whisperer to start. A salesperson has a token that givesm+1 animal whisperer for cheap. Use it to charm the goat before taking its can. I wonder if having the goat reduces your water consumption because of milk (prolly not). I wonder if having the can reduces your water consumtion because of storage space (prolly not).-I think Angela Death did it.Early NPCs:Good - A. Rifles. Ok - Hard♥♥♥♥♥ Outdoorsman, Brute Force (Ranger Center)Good - CS, Surgeon Ok - Handguns (Ag Center)Good - Toast Rep Ok - Animal Whisperer, Brawl (Rails Rescue)Good - Shotgun Ok - Safe Cracking, Lockpick (Rails Hobo)My home is in the first mission area. I cannot go inside. The stairs are broken. I wish there was a chest after entering, for guests to take from. Possibly something to do with wasps, berries, or acorns. It even has the A/C and asasia berries outside. There is a blue flag/tarp on the deck, indicating a water connection. The home is NE of the first radio transmission mission objective.I wonder if I can drive to the ranger center in real life then make camp with them. Bull Creek is represented in the game by an oasis...or it could be ""The Oasis restaurant."" I've been there. It is an Oasis of nasty heavy metals waiting to be flooded out if something goes wrong. The mountain range is not there in real life. It is still pretty hilly here, but the hills are mucky from roads and being filled with grinders. Real life is just like There Will Be Blood, but faster mining, smaller mining, and more dead killing miners. I live here and I do what everyone else in the community does for work, as long as its safe, so I know in my immortal soul what dying like that feels like.I like the compass feature during regular gameplay. It helps with navigation. The map needs a high-res legend doodad that is user definitional (based on the user's gameplay) and scaleable for map colors and travel time guesstimates and icon definition (all outdoorsman bonuses?). Either that, or a notepad on the right that explains map drawings when you left-click to place a pin (or sensor wire, like a metal voltage probe, or the board game ""Battleship"") on the map connected with string to the notepad. THREEE DEEEEEEEE!The game is way way too hard on Ranger.I fixed a toaster that was lying in front of a cat shrine insidea another cave. Since the cats were missing, the toaster will keep the place running, The cat cave was in the place of the veterinarian's office down my street. Everyone got a skill point.I was killed uproariously by a giant horned toad in a different Comm Center cave. The death animations were too real and unjust. I like plastic doll physics better than meatsack physics. Maybe I will grab everything during combat and then run away. Maybe that's how Ace died. He probably stole the leg of the robot that was next to the repeaters next to the dead robot next to the toad. Maybe the robot is what ruined the comm towers. I found them next to his body. Maybe Ace couldn't kill the toad and the robot simultaneously, without a cat to help. Maybe the robot got to the cat first. They both looked strong. Maybe Ace WAS the robot.Now that I think about it, maybe the toad killed the cat. Maybe the robot did it. I am mad at the toad, but I won't kill it. The cat is gone. The wasteland is empty. The toad is better than nothing.I couldn't catch it with animal whisperer. Maybe it didn't like the goat I have following me. Some goats have eyes like toads, so...? Maybe the man who has kiss♥♥♥♥♥ hard♥♥♥♥♥ smart♥♥♥♥♥ and leadership should also have animal whisperer to make animal whisperer better. I don't think skills interact with one another, though. It would probably be too hard to program skill interactions, instead of stat interactions. Gurps.I maybe got to the radio tower too early. I didn't follow the voice on the radio telling me my allies were under attack. They didn't give me their exact position and I was running low on water because I didn't visit the oasis. The oasis was too close to radiation, although I have since learned it is still trustworthy. I didn't trust the radio because the comm towers had been saboutaged. Once the comm tower is fixed, I will return to base camp and study the repeaters (2!, or ""Two and networked"", which is slislightly larger than just 2), then investigate the certain bloodbath of the comm signal. No use rushing to death. I know what happened to Ace. Maybe his girlfriend did it. If she did, she will pay. She has 148 hp. My tough guy only has about 40 hp. I will just drag her around and treat her like♥♥♥♥♥♥until I'm better than her, then get her for the crime, if she ends up being the one who did it (bad idea. she has been destroying evidence and killing witnesses. do not trust her. can't kill her without ranger center going hostile.) She's high level, crossed out the tattoo of his name on her arm, and used to live in a church out east. I know churches can be scary to others sometimes. That's how rangers work. They punish deaths with deaths. Losses will be heavy.Bring on the ranch dressing."
76561197966774295,Recommended,240760,12466836,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Sid67,"A fun game reminicent of Fallout Tactics.  Kudos for the feat driven dialog options, immersive wasteland cowboy feel and tactics turned based squad combat.  Suffers from occational lack of direction, not a lot of options for character customization and lots of immersion breaking easter eggs built side-by-side with gameplay.Overall positive."
76561198133842073,Recommended,240760,12468341,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Muddy1,an awesome game
76561197980286397,Recommended,240760,12602503,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Thomas De Raines,GREAT- was abit iffy about buying this game due to the price tag...... but hell iam glad i did fantastic game and highly addictive. Would love them to bring more customisation to the characters appearance wise but other than that the game rocks. I especialy love the combat system and how everything you do has a side effect.Probs one of the best rpgs i have played in a long time.great game just pricey
76561197978762268,Recommended,240760,11999659,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,OxyClean,If you liked the old  fallout series and the old wasteland series this will not disapoint. This game was very well thought out classic RPG with great graphics. And the way you recieve new missions and complete them is much more realistic.
76561197983009231,Recommended,240760,12888386,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MrGoobles,Start with a medic! Enjoying this game a lot... reminds me of Fallout 1+2 a bit which I loved so this is right up my street. I find it is a little bit wobbly still from the rules and mechanics of the game... but I think the developers will be able to tinker with it and bring updates.
76561197962147549,Recommended,240760,12894192,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dispicable,"A great game. Has it's minor bugs and the camera angles can be somewhat annoying, but over all a fantastic story told through the turn based combat system. Patched since release and devs do listen to comments, so don't be put off by any of the negatives regarding bugs. If you have any nostalgia for the original fallout (which was based on wasteland) you'll love this.PS Devs if you are listening add zoom to map and ability to add notes or waypoints ;-)"
76561198002689693,Recommended,240760,12494469,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Jesster777,"Love this style of game. Wasteland 2 brings back some great memories. Definitely a game that I will visit on a frequent basis. If you have enjoyed RPG turn-based games I would highly recommend playing this game. The graphics look great and I'm happy with the play style. If I could improve anything, it would be the ability to have a little better viewing angle at times. I hope that inXile continues to push out add-ons and improvements for WL2. Thanks guys!"
,Recommended,240760,12496135,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Haakmed,Great game!Love how many different approaches there are to most situations and how they each feel well thought out. RPG mechanic works well however it does feel a tad bit imbalanced. Game play is fun and engaging with threat priority a huge aspect of learning the game. The story line is very interesting and is very enjoyable to get through and the humor the game has in what is going on is very well done.My one main problem though come to the skill based tasks like picking locks or hacking computers or even shooting/melee. 90% chaces seem to critically fail more often than the 30-40% range.Though it seems to be more common in out of combat skill checks.
76561198039357308,Recommended,240760,12497192,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Regnier,"I very rarely ever recommend games on steam, but Wasteland 2 is incredible. If you want a great return to the classic crpg formula with a good story, around 60 hours of content and actual branching choices, then Wasteland 2 is for you. Get it, or ill get mr cyborg to beat you up with his robo fists."
,Recommended,240760,12499555,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Viper,"Surpassed my expectations. I was on the fence due to the price tag, but overall I am happy with the game. I had reservations due to the graphics, but I do think the screenshots and videos do not do the game justice. in game, everything is bright and pops and looks great. The audio is very immersive and overall you get a ""feel"" for the setting right away and are swept away to the world of Wasteland 2.I am still early into the game, so for now I have no gripes.Pros-Looks and sounds great-Detailed character creation-Lots of character skills-Very immersive-Can be challengingCons-Can feel slow due to the survival aspect. I don't really mind the mechanic, but healing is in short supply and there are lots of surprise exploding things that damage the entire party.-Friendly fire and loss of control is annoying"
,Recommended,240760,12500518,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,fortuntek,"Quick and dirty review:I approve of Inxile, their roots and what they stand for, but I was discouraged from what I heard about early access ""missteps."" That said, after playing very little of Wasteland 2 I realized that it combines some of the best aspects of many of my favorite games of ALL TIME. Actually, probably most of them. Let that sink in.- Area exploration reminds me of Baldur's Gate series, including finding loot, unlocking/disabling traps.- Combat reminds me of XCOM, minus the focus on cover and more focus on consumables and abilities.- Narrative text reminds me of... nothing. Nothing has the same amount of flavour. Planescape: Torment, maybe.- Over-world exploration reminds me of the NWN2 Expansion, Storm of Zehir (only far better).- Creating all your characters from scratch gives me a bit of an XCOM or Final Fantasy Tactics vibe, only with the stat detail of a D&D game.- Obviously, atmosphere is very Fallout, only more fleshed out and in my opinion, better.This is just meant to be a quick run-down, but Wasteland inspired many of these games, or inspired the games that inspired them, and considering the past pedigree of Inxile's devs these influences are both understandable, and awesome.Small disclaimer: my taste in games seems almost custom tailored to Wasteland 2 so if you know not of what I speak, look elsewhere. If you found yourself nodding at these references, stop reading reviews and buy this game. Actually, do that anyway. I'm pretty sure it's going to go down as one of my next All-Time Favorites, maybe it'll be one of yours too."
76561198048872691,Recommended,240760,12604538,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Irish_Ninja,"Did you love Fallout, Fallout 2, Baldurs Gate, Icewind dale, Wasteland or any of the other really pinnacle oldschool PC RPG's? Then you need to see what they have done with the genre. More world changing decisions, more cool skills to choose from. Great characters Both PC and NPC. Dialouge is amazing and well written(even though a large portion is text, with some spoken lines in the important spots. I am only about halfway through and i'm already planning out my next party and the differant desicions I want to make next time around. I can truely see myself needing to beat this game 5-6 times before I can move on."
76561197985724755,Recommended,240760,12604560,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Bifrons,"If you love old school RPGs and even turn based tactical RPGs you owe it to yourself to play this game!Be carefull though, this is a true thinking man's RPG and if you don't plan ahead with your skill and attribute points you can hurt yourself in the long run.Most quests can be finished in multiple ways with sometime vastly different outcomes which is a nice incentive to replay the game.  A locked fence is in your way?  Pick its lock, bash it open or blow it with dynamite!  Being a goody two shoes bores you?  Don't be!  That NPC wants you to bring him hard to find stuff?  Let's see if he'll enjoy a bullet to the face!  Or not!Of course there is a main plot, subquests and all those RPGs tropes, however the choices presented to you go beyond the light/dark answers you get in a typical modern RPG and that's what makes this game shines above all."
,Recommended,240760,12605989,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,TheOnlyKingB,This game is awesome. You'll regret not giving it a chance. It started the whole post-apocalyptic series in games you see today. Best game in the genre - hands down.
76561198042307954,Recommended,240760,12607651,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,finnbogg67,"This is my 1st review on here, but I just had to say something about Wasteland 2. This game is awesome! I played and replayed the original in the 80s and always longed for a follow-up. It did not disappoint. It takes me back to the days of Fallout Tactics.Character design is good as well, without being too complex, with the ability to alter your characters appearance. I have not found any problems with this game and it runs really smoothly on my PC. NPC interactions are really good with some good dialogue, and the quests are entertaining.My favourite aspect is combat. I just love the 3D Iso-view and the animation that accompanies it.All in all, this game gets a major Thumbs Up from me and I highly recommend it."
76561198007143176,Recommended,240760,12635228,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,heroicline,A great reminder that choices matter from who to help or yeah that guy i just got to calm down needs a bullet in the face. Having a great time just running numbers to make a great team .
76561198041973287,Recommended,240760,12830115,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,joelroom,"Flipped a turtle from its back, then followed it for 30 minutes to where it had hidden a stash of ammunition and condoms 10/10 would recommend."
76561198013852857,Recommended,240760,12723123,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,frinetik,"Just getting started and really enjoying it, but it's MADDENINGLY close to being able to be played completely touchscreen without quite being possible.  That would be a nice patch."
76561197999254759,Recommended,240760,12713635,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Ronja,"I enjoyed it. The story is a bit cliché, but has its moments. Perhaps a little too purist in regards to gameplay mechanics: walking around takes a loooong time, and the combat is a little clunky and slow sometimes as well.If you've been missing another Fallout 2 in your life, Wasteland 2 is a worthy substitute, but does not fill those boots very gracefully."
76561198021608950,Recommended,240760,12716592,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,akyan,"For a kickstarter and a long road of playtesting developement this is an awsome game. I played the Beta it was full of bugs. This final product is spectacular. I had a lot of fun playing this, it's a old school RPG style game. Similar to Fallout and Fallout 2. With Better graphic and voice acting."
76561197999782202,Recommended,240760,12720336,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DauntedPeak,"I never played a turned based RPG like this before but I gave it a try, and with 77 hours in in just a coople weeks I can happly say that this was an amazing ride, Scoochmo 4 life"
,Not Recommended,240760,12797159,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,polytrooper,I want to like this game but is doesn't like 32 bit operating systems and is a big memory hog... how is it that I can play Fallout 3 and New Vegas with no problems but this game crashes during character leveling and other simple processes.
,Recommended,240760,12710857,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,nabob57,"Irritating in the beginning with challenge levels for alarms and traps (not to mention locks and tumblers and computer science checks) higher and stated probabilities seeming to be bogus. As in crit failures of 1% and 5% happening a lot more often than one would expect.Bugs. I am currently stuck with finding Damonta - I spoke to every civilian I could find and not one of them mentioned Red. One mentioned rad suits not being available but no knowing when any would be delivered.Only two merchants .. one who only takes skrip and Red.. who NEVER says anything about Damonta or rad suits. I typed ""brother"" as suggested by someone. ""HUH?"" , <shrugs>, and ""I ain't got time to yammer about nuthin all day"" were the only responses.Can't talk to the guard at the citadel to speak to rick.I would like to do the 'peaceful' ending.  Very annoying.Otherwise it is enjoyable. I played the original when it first came out and mostly enjoy this one. Getting 7.62 ammo that says it can be used in heavy and snipers but doesn't work in either is a bother. I purchased a whole bunch of it thinking it was more powerful than the aught six used by my pup and the assaults.  Not a lot of variety for decent melee weapons and none at all so far for the heavy. Assaults and handguns have the best. Then energy.Modding makes a difference and really makes weaponsmith a worthy skill to develop.You really have to think about your core team skills at higher levels because you cant really develop that many w/o high intellect, which you probably dont want for a melee or snipe char that is relying on str and coordination.Sometimes the combat iniative bugs when raiders get close and the next 'up' is my sniper who is too close LOL but it makes sense to me.Another 'realism' that irritates is 'friendly fire'. I can see that for area of effect weapons, shotguns and even maching guns. But a marksman sniper, level 10 can't pick off someone in the distance by aiming an inch from his teammembers head? I prefer to call it ""idiot stepped in fronta me just as I eased off the trigger to head-shot the damn heavy gunner trained on us, General""Weapon jams are fun! They happen to the raiders as well as to your team (which kinda sucked until I modded everybody's weapons so I have no chance of it; or just 1-2%The plotline is actually pretty linear, interspersed with random map encounters <shrug> which are great for early game grinding to level your team and boost them skils.I am glad that I purchased it and recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the original - and or its spirtual successor, the Fallout series."
76561198035964670,Recommended,240760,12711353,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mr. Can Do,"This game provides the real feeling of despair when you lose a friend. I first began my adventure on the hardest difficulty thinking, ""hey I can easily win this"". Two days into the game and I am here with half a squad of rangers, the others dead from a series of grenades, landmines, rocket launchers, bullets, and bad luck. It got to the point where I felt like loading my re-saves to attempt saving them. I quickly realized however that I enjoyed the game more when it was challenging and not easy. For this reason I am continuing forward within my adventure.The pros of this game are very numerous:FIRST OFF, THEIR IS NO DLC CONTENT (This is a pro for me because the game has all the content intended within it)HOURS OF GAMEPLAY (we are not talking about an hour of gameplay here people, It took me 55 hours of gameplay to make me realize that I am about half way done).DIFFICULTY SETTINGS (This option allows you make the game easier or tougher at certain parts throughout the game. This can help the user either complete the game early if they enjoy finishing the game quickly or long if they want to savor agonizing defeat).CUSTOMIZATION (The option to customize the appearance of the soldiers within your squad helps in creating a unique group that you see fit in destroying the ranger's enemies. Saving the character template is also available so in the event that the player begins a new game. Basically, you can load an old character you created).STORYLINE (The storyline is amazing within my opinion, there are numerous side quests and main quests but they tie in perfectly together. For example, a side quest might even have a side quest within it! So it gives you more options in obtaining a different experience).Environment (The skills you pick within the game will determine how to deal with certain situations.  Let’s say that your squad stumble upon a locked safe. Nobody in your squad is a safecracker so you have no idea what to do. You can either ignore the safe for later or do what I do and blow it up with some good old TNT. Maybe a pipe bomb or grenade for the tougher ones though. Though last time I used a grenade it ended up blowing up the safe and its contents, so be careful with that. Anyhow, the point I'm making is that the game experience will reflect upon the skills within the squad).EASTER EGGS: (Remember in good old halo days or other video games where the developers added something and you would say something along the lines of, ""that shouldn't be here, but damn is it funny"". The game provides exactly that with multiple references to certain lines and items you encounter. So enjoy and good luck finding them).VALUE: (Though the game may appear to be high in price within first look. The true value of the game comes from the experience you will get from it. Not all video games are created with as many features as Wasteland 2. It is for this reason that I would highly recommend it to anyone in search of a fun game with lots of hours of gameplay).Cons: A few minor bugs here and there but that is expected within most games and it does severely hinder the experience of the gameplay."
,Recommended,240760,12753527,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Burnaboy,"A wonderful throwback to the glory days of PC gaming when isometric adventures were king. Though not as open world exploration-friendly as I would have liked, as most locations are destinations you're told to go to for the story rather than discovering on your own, it has a great way of making every decision you make in game have consequences, good or bad, that make each playthrough unique."
76561197985151938,Recommended,240760,12755688,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,centipedia,"Writing is the most important part of a role playing game like this, and the writing in Wasteland 2 is quite good (although a little shy of greatness). The world feels big and rich, and you feel as if you have quite a bit of freedom. The game mechanics are good and feel fair, although there are a few important things that are by no means intuitive. (For example, anything that comes out of a toaster will be a minor or major plot point and clothing, despite having detailed inventory slots, is entirely cosmetic with no in-game impact.) The user interface is pretty good, although one could make some nitpicks. Sound is handled quite well and this is one of the very few games where I never felt the urge to turn the music off, despite playing for 100 hours. Graphics are never a high priority in this type of game, and while Wasteland graphics are state of the art for the genre they would be someone primitive looking in other contexts. I have to say the art one area where the game really falls down because, despite looking quite good most of the time, there just wasn't enough of it to do what the game was trying to do. Hand painted images rarely matched descriptions which rarely matched 3D avatars, often to bewildering effect. Paintings would have the wrong hair color, build, clothing, and race. 3D avatars would sometimes even be the wrong gender. Surprisingly, this level of mismatch even extends to the player character images. Few character paintings have 3D avatars available that even vaguely match. Even more disconcertingly, the low number of paintings means that they are re-used many times in game so you will occasionally come across an NPC using your character's portrait.But all in all, this is a very impressive game, easily worth its full, original sale price. I personally feel it is a seminal work, which will be referenced for decades."
76561198129765148,Recommended,240760,12746888,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,tankooo,Epic storydialog  is just huge !!game mechanics is Solidits hard to play and have lot of good tactics
76561198031236542,Recommended,240760,12689030,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Supply Side Jesus,"I purchased Wasteland 2 hoping to re-expirience Fallout 2, but overall expirience wasn't on the same level. Maybe such comparison isn't a fair one to make, after all you don't criticize a painting because it isn't Rembrandt.Overall, Wastland 2 is an excellent old-school turn-based strategy game. I enjoyed it about as much as the new Xcom, only Wastelands 2 has A LOT MORE verbiage. Sometimes it feels like it is longer version of a Tolstoy's novel. With Robots."
76561198034239205,Recommended,240760,12812674,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Cauthon88,A pretty good story and you start making big decisions right off the bat that effect future gameplay. The character creation is really nice. I really enjoyed being able to make a team for the gameplay I prefer and the option to RP a little in the character background is a nice touch.The combat is a lot of fun but i think the percentage to hit is a little off (An 85% chance to hit seems to miss a little more than it should.) but not enough to be a big deal or change my view of the game. With a shortage of medpacks and ammo starting off you really have to be wise about unit placement/manuvering and taking shots that count.I am definitely happy with this game and look forward to playing through it a couple times.
76561198006659304,Recommended,240760,12814667,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Infaereld,"Certainly an amazing game.Has great replay value also.The end product is smooth and almost entirely bug-free.A lot of effort seems to have gone into the writing, the OST, the artwork and the gameplay itself.Is a challenging and at times frustrating game but is highly recommended for those who love old school isometics RPGs."
,Recommended,240760,12819693,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Newt,"This isn't going to be so much of a review as it is a huge THANK YOU to the developers and creators.This game has so many amazing little tidbits in it that I wanted to explore everything, find all the lore, and read all of the junk text, things that I forgot existed in the 80's and early 90's (the vitual glove, the furby).People have mentioned that the combat is...lacking.  I found it very enjoyable, a challenge, and I am actually really excited to take my squad through another playthrough on a harder difficulty.The length of the game has been mentioned, to that I will say another thank you for the effort put into the story, the great voice acting, and the length of the game (not including replayability).  This game cost me $40, I have well recieved my goal of a buck an hour and then some.The bugs?  Minor, some here and there, nothing game breaking, nothing that is not being worked on or fixed, and with the new patch (patch 3) I saw a lot of the bugs I was experiancing get fixed.Anything I would recommend fixed or changed if a Wasteland 3 is in the works?  Sure, because I can't be all glitter and junk trader.- Character NPC portraits would be better if they matched more of the description given when talking with them, or even the character models themselves.- Stealth would be a welcome addition, getting into better tactical locations for some of these fights would make them more enjoyable (*Semi Spoiler* An example would be when you are at the prison, advancing on the ""Raider Club House"" if we could dispatch the gaurd patroling the cliff so we could get in behind them on that cliff, that would have made the fight more fun for me in my opinion)All in all, I love this game, it has been a welcome change to the cookie cutter money grabbers that have plagued early access and even most of the bigger name developers.  The amount of time and effort put into this game for the $40 asking price is amazing, they could have easily turned this into a DLC ridden abomination and they didn't, (don't get me wrong guys, if you want to throw out a colorado DLC I would gladly open my pockets for you again, no, any DLC, red boots perhaps?)Thank you again inXile, your mastery of the genre is duly noted, I am extreamly satisfied with the experiance and I am hoping for more sooner then 2038!"
76561198157437030,Recommended,240760,12859905,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,mpnippins,"This game is a revival of a classic.  Extremely in-depth, well thought out and excellent game play with fantastic characters.  This is everything and more you'd want in a true sequel to Wasteland."
76561197970812634,Recommended,240760,11284783,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,CaptainSpooge,"Till very buggy.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥disappears, so you can't get to California. Many NPCs lose dialogue after you first speak to them, etc. etc. Very much still a work in progress."
,Recommended,240760,11395036,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Biscuitism,kicked a totem pole and it fell on a drowning kid. 10/10
,Recommended,240760,12272261,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,melchi,Recommend!
76561198013310146,Recommended,240760,12273091,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mac,One of the most enjoyable games i've played in recent times.I would give it a solid 8/10 and if they would perfect the awkard camera angles i would give it a 10.
76561198061380235,Recommended,240760,12274359,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,BallySchwa,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is a masterpiece.
76561198045718754,Recommended,240760,12762597,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,RipTheJacker,"the mechanics take some time to get used to, but it is engaging, and dont let the term, ""turn based combat"" get you turned off. i usually dont go for those type games, but this is an RPG and not a a strat game. it is a pretty hardcore rpg too. the story is funny and all the little details go along way. get this game especially if you are a fan of the fallout franchise"
76561198014495605,Recommended,240760,12822002,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Zorus,"6/10This game has a lot of great elements, but several of the quests seem incomplete/unifinished, or just counter-intuitive. The base of the game is still fun, challenging, and expansive. Combat is entertaining, easy to grasp but difficult to master. The writing has some moments of briliance, but lags as the story continues.  Overall a good game, but takes a serious hit via strange quest bugs, lackluster mid-game writing, and some things which feel not quite finished. Better than your average game."
76561198127347274,Recommended,240760,12825521,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,tj_bail_3,"Well this seems like a great romp through the waste and for the 9 hours i was able to play it was. however after patch 3 my saves would not load past 50% and starting a new game came with the ill fated glitch of all character's having no animations. they just float around and make sounds. pretty funny actually. that is every person in the game. im sure the team will fix this eventually but as it stands this ""finished"" game is about as good as my grammer. which is awful..still i have really bad luck with games and issues like this. my buddy has played with no issues so its your bet and your money. 40 bucks is alot to ask for what i have got for this but maybe you wont have this problem and then its way worth it. those 9 hours were epic and leading to something great i bet but im not going to waste my time sending in saves and trying despretly to fix this stupid issue that should not even be there. I have a full time job and other♥♥♥♥♥♥to doyour welcome for the money wastland 2 dudes"
76561197965369692,Recommended,240760,12828481,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,The Great Garrus,This is a great turn based tactical game. There are ton of easter egg like references for any 80's kid. You also get the original too.  The game lets you choose how your rangers will be. There is some moral choices and repercussions. The graphics are good for a 2d down view of a chess-like board.  So far this is a strictly single player game...no coop or mulit..which is kinda nice so you dont have deal with douches.  I wish there was more asthetic customiziation availible but oh well. This game plays a lot like Final Fantasy Tactics. Try it out
,Recommended,240760,12184148,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Snax,This game reminds me of why I chose PC games over console games back in the 90s.I typed a whole bunch of other stuff but realized I was just rehashing the above sentence.
76561198019926481,Recommended,240760,12188348,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Nimh,this game is insane! love it! reminds me of some old old school rpgs. its a must buy
76561198012880851,Recommended,240760,12188479,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,DaveWizard,"Been sooooo sick of the same old snoozefest games.   This one is good, nice and refreshing without the annoying multiplayer issues (jackass behaviour) found in any premier titles today.  Feels good playing it!  This is coming from a guy who hates the indy development craze due to the neverending river of duds it has produced."
,Recommended,240760,12188955,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Amazon Prime Now,"I definitely recommend this game if you are a fan of cRPG's, especially if you loved Fallout 1 and 2. While I find this game to be very fun and challenging, I can't help but feel a little disappointed at some aspects of the game. With the game's budget, I feel as though it could have been way more polished; the character models, map, voice acting, and story overall feels a little cheap. This is just a minor gripe, and I never really expected this game to have the charm that Fallout 1 and 2 did, and I would still recommend this game at $40."
76561198013879847,Recommended,240760,12189426,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,MonolithicBacon,"The natural successor to Fallout 1, 2 and Tactics.Even with its flaws, this game brings back a nostalgia that's hard to find anywhere else in new titles, and will have you looking at your clock, wondering where the time went.A unique twist around every corner, difficult enough to keep you constantly on your toes, and only a handful of quests you wish you hadn't started (I'm looking at you, Ag Centre) among the sea of good ones.Well worth a buy!"
,Recommended,240760,12190009,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,No Face,"So far my experience with this game has been great. It has that Fallout 1 & 2 feel but with a nice shiny coat of graphics. I am enjoying the storyline and how things have been playing out so far, it certainly feels like a nitty gritty wasteland! Definitely worth playing if you like games of this genre. I love some of the descriptions for items and terrain features, those really draw me into the setting even more.Note: I went into the game expecting more of a fallout 2 feel, and while it does have that experience there are a few things lacking (that or I haven't discovered how to do it yet). Stealing and sneaking, not game breakers by any means but something I was hoping to see being as I have a blade wielding character and I quite enjoy getting the drop on something, or relieving some guards of their precious healing items."
,Recommended,240760,12190179,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Prof.Xomox [OTG] [TBT],"Welcome back to gaming!If you are a child of the atom, then you'll feel right at home. Turned based combat, riviting story, fan service nods everywhere.  Great game!"
76561198013898901,Recommended,240760,12190595,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,PMP_ViOLeNcE,Buy this game... just buy it!  Its awesome.  I'd write a full review but it's really not needed as you just need to buy it and you will feel the same.
76561197972527537,Recommended,240760,12182671,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Liethdoo,feels like a good old game.. :)
,Recommended,240760,12191289,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,UnholyV3nd3tta,"This game is great! I never played the first one but this one feels a lot like Fallout 1,2, and Tactics. But in my opinion so much better! The voice acting is great, the graphics are very nicely done and the story and character progression system has been done superbly! I onl;y have 2 hours in the game so far but I have enjoyed every second of it. Definitly worth looking at if you are a fan of turn based combat, with open world exploration, and a very good character customization. 9/10"
,Recommended,240760,12298252,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,brandon15a,"Wasteland 2 might not be for everyone, so I would definitely recommend doing a little research about the game before making a hasty purchase.With that being said, this game is excellent. It has the classic RPG feel, reminiscent of the original Fallout games. The turn-based combat system, along with the addition of environmental coverage points, allows for clever tactical takedowns. However; the wide range of skills also provides the player an opportunity to approach encounters and conflicts with more intelligence and diplomacy. The grim, post-apocalyptic atmosphere pulls the player into the Wasteland, while the fleshed-out characters and story firmly root the player in this universe for hours on end. While adventuring in the Wasteland, the player will also face moral dilemmas with consequences that follow the player throughout the game. (It also provides great replay value.) Overall, Wasteland 2 is an excellent game, and I would definitely recommend it for purchase."
76561198006713923,Recommended,240760,12298921,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,PlunderJack///HooT,"hard and good game, you need 2 medics in your team ;D"
76561198037626654,Recommended,240760,12301500,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Deus,One of the hardest games(smart hard) i ever played.  Definetely must have.
,Recommended,240760,11395367,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,amaw50,"So, I've changed my tune since a rather large update, original review at the bottom.All of the frustrating bugs I experienced previously are gone, so now the game's actually pretty good.If this is what you're into, get it. For me, however, it's a little too repetitive and it's still too difficult to understand what you are supposed to be doing to complete a mission. I recently spent about 3 hours, running around trying to find a radio tower to place a repeater on, only to find (after googling), that I wasn't actually supposed to be looking for a radio tower at all (despite the mission objectives).So there are still some gameplay issues to fix, but the game works, runs smoothly and does everything you expect it to do.Overall, not my cup of tea and I probably won't spend much more time on it, but it's still a very good example of the genre and I recommend you give it a go.Previous review:I actually bought this game after reading a couple of reviews, and was quite excited. I can see where they want to go with this, and I'm sure it will be a great game at some point... but right now I just find it downright unplayable.I've been giving it another shot after every update, and yes... it is getting SLIGHTLY better each time - but if you're looking for a game you can just sit down and immerse yourself in then HOLD OFF.That said, I'm probably just going to leave it alone for a couple of months and hope that next time I try it it's better. If it is, I'll amend this review."
,Recommended,240760,12304065,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Fish,Fantastic game. If you like turn based with a great story and robust character development this is up your ally.
76561198002224083,Recommended,240760,12290797,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,donkeydough,Simply amazing. GOTY
76561198084207487,Recommended,240760,12291166,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,aegir,Enfin un jeu qui demande un cerveau en état de marche.
76561197990373894,Recommended,240760,12291628,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Bengineer,"Having played through the game fairly extensively since before the full game released, I can say with confidence that Wasteland 2 provides an experience that, particularly for Fallout 1 and 2 (Tactics too) fans is absolutely ideal. It's got all the ingredients: A world that immerses you in its deep atmosphere, great storytelling and morally ambiguous choices that actually have consequences. And finally, on occasion, makes you want to throw the keyboard out of the window because of a mistake you made with no way back because you forgot to save! Save often, people."
76561198047272612,Recommended,240760,12292119,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Deadmaet,Great game! Haven't quite finished it.
,Recommended,240760,12292143,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Combat bahb,Fantastic game.  After 20+ hours I am still loving every moment of this game.  Your decisions matter which doesnt happen often enough in games.  Fallout+baldur's gate+x-com=this game.  Must buy for anyone who enjoys these types of games also one of the few games that has come out recently that is worth every penny you pay for it.
,Recommended,240760,12293493,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,TK421,"Very tactical/Strategic game, really feels like I'm back in the 90's. In my opinion its a modern classic. This game really feels as though the devs took the time to make this game good, and filled it with hilarious references."
,Recommended,240760,12247718,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Stusser,Hardcore recidivist CRPG. Spectacular.
76561198026945678,Recommended,240760,12247780,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Saming,I like this game. Kinda Alot to take in at first but its very well though out. with the small chance that your weapon jams 5 turns back to back. 30 hours of gameplay and im not halfway done. Great replay Value
76561198026574747,Recommended,240760,12247962,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,The Lork Knight,"Wasteland 2 is everything I want in a game, solid RPG, good combat, nice level up system. All around a great gmae."
76561198007314407,Recommended,240760,12248396,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Black Dragon,"if you are a fan of brian fargos work  and love games like wastelend, fallout 1, 2 and tactics.. wasteland 2 is a must buy!!why?+ gameplay is more like  fallout tactics then fallout 1-2 since you control all partymembers .+ atmosphere reminds me most of fallout 1+ has tons of hommages and insider jokes that make oldtime players smile or laugh+ is reminding me of interplays and black isles motto: ""from gamers for gamers"" ;)my only complain is the fact that wasteland 2 uses fallouts rpg mechanics instead of the original wastelandsand has fewer skills or perks than fallout... but i can happily live with that :P"
,Recommended,240760,12252035,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,A790,"It's the most fantastically frustrating game I own, where when I see a ""81% to hit"" stat I can safely assume I'll miss, or the gun will jam, or I'll hit a friendly... or any other number of things that will go wrong.Because in this game, if it can go wrong it absolutely will.  Guns with a 1-3% jam rate seem to jam every other turn.  Squad members with excellent skills in markmanship (handguns/etc.) will miss far more often than they hit.In Wasteland 2, you will spend 10 minutes disarming a trap and unlocking a safe only to find absolute junk inside.  Reload to try it again and you'll find a shiny new sniper rifle instead.It's hilarious: I've never been so frustrated with a game that I couldn't stop playing.As addicting as Fallout/Fallout 2, as frustrating as trying to tame a hyperactive six year old in a toy store.Guns jam with staggering frequency.  A gun that says it has a 5% jam rate?  Try 45%.  Seriously.  In one firefight, where each of my squad members had a 75% or higher change to hit, not a single round hit the enermy... FOR THREE TURNS.  It was incredible.  I've never seen such a ridiculous display of gunnery incompetence...Until my 98% to hit point-blank pistol shot went awry.  Not once.  Not twice.  Thrice.Wasteland 2 will punish you for even thinking that you have a chance.  If you don't learn that F9 must be pressed before ANY action you will not progres.  Your characters will miss the enemy, repeatedly shoot themselves, and somehow manage to catestrophically fail digging up something from the ground... resulting in two fresh bodies for the Arizona wastes to reclaim.You will quickly learn that the only thing that Wasteland 2 is honest to you about is that there are a lot of things out there trying to kill you, including the mechanics of the game itself.But it isn't all bad.  When things go right it can be a lot of fun.  The graphics are pretty good.  The story is even better.  And hey, you're playing a RPG about a post-apocalyptic America- no kidding your guns are going to miss every other shot."
,Recommended,240760,12252231,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ChrissieM,"Love this so far, it's playing Fallout but I can customize and specialise 4 or more people of a squad rather than just one person. The tactical combat is fun and still doesn't get old, and picking up more party members adds more of a challenge to balance your skill point allocations.It's not really loot a plenty. There is loot but I'm always just trading enough to keep me stocked in ammo and medical supplies, so have yet to really build up enough cash to splurge on some decent armour. However, by doing the larger quests you get to requisition skill bonuses and some gear, so I don't feel like I'm being left short.If you like turn-based, and apocalypse, this is great."
76561198052227830,Recommended,240760,12252541,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,g0jira,"after 81 hours in game i have to say, one of the best games ever. it is hard to keep me in one game, as im getting borred quite fast, but wasteland 2 made it, i didnt play anything else as i wanted to finish it, to see an end, to find out minute after minute what is going on, plot twists, intrigues and a great story. it was worth to support Fargo. one of the best games for me."
,Recommended,240760,12253727,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ordos Wangicus,"This game, yes."
76561198006264561,Recommended,240760,12254427,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Reaper,"A very well designed game mixing fallout and x-com type game play, for those of you that dont know the game isnt entirely turn based it turns turn based when you begin you initaite contact with the enemy or he makes contact with you. Then you go into turn based through AP depending on what weapon you have and can be changed again with the fire selector option. The item list is vast another plus for the game horders out there, i found extensive weaponary and modifications in store when i first started the game. Role playing wise its strong however there is alot of emphasis on reading rather than hearing which does the game discredit if you want to get that true emersive feel.Problems i foundWeapons frequently jam- With no way to bring that down (weapon cleaning kits, better parts and skill)Aiming percentages- i was on  80-90 percent on a shot and they would miss three times that is inaccurateno prone position- there is only a kneeling position and no prone which i would think would give the best cover and accuracy especially for sniper dets in your group.lack of customisation initially- there are limited photos when you create your player if you choose to take a photo of your custom built character then you have a shoddy photo to look at for the rest of the game.Running into higher level enemies- There may be time where you go exploring and get a distress call or you want to investigate something well this might be an issue if youre dealing with enemies that are seven times your strength and you best weapon does only 15 damage. I found this anoying since i wanted to explore but the game wouldnt let me physically because i wasnt strong enough.All in i rate this game it definately isnt a B or D grade game and some effort was put into making it."
76561198132705522,Not Recommended,240760,12564616,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,jcsevilla19,"I really love this game....the game is like the old ones (twilight 2000, fallout).....But is UNPLAYABLE ON MAC!!!! If you are a Mac user like me...please don't waste your money or wait until the Mac problems are solved.If you are PC user please be my guest and enjoy this complex and nice game for me :("
76561198006029791,Recommended,240760,12470914,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Greymalkin,"Finished.  Damonta hates me.But I love this game.  So will be going back to save those people another day.Wasteland 2 has hit that magical spot of being a nostalgia game that is much more than its heritage and requires no knowledge of his history for a new player to get into it.First and foremost in its achievements is the story, something oft lacking in games (of any generation) and more importantly the story is coherent and makes sense within its own universe without falling into stupidity or badly contradicting itself *cough*masseffect*cough*.  You can properly immerse yourself into the lives and motivations of the people around you.Gameplay is uncomplicated but solid, and even after you have mastered the art of making money and buying the best gear there will be combats which can challenge you.  Of course as in any good game, combat is always the side dish with the real challenge coming in surviving the wasteland and its problems.  A combat wombat specced team will be able to shoot their way through most of the game but will miss half the dialogue and die on a mine they didn't spot.  (Seriously spec  your main character to be good at demolitions.)This is where the team mechanic shines, you are no ubermensch of Skyrim who can be the best at everything and solo Fus-Ro-Dah your way through any challange, your medic, your rogue and your sniper will all have their moment in the sun.  Even the stats matter more than in most games, Intelligence is clearly the best, but scrimp too much on strength and that sweet minigun you could have sold for top dollar in town is going to have to be left behind and even though skills can improve vastly over the course of the game, you will likely only get 3-4 single stat point increases from go to whoa.In short, a definite thumbs up, go buy this game now and not out of some blind support of indi games but because this genuinely is a good quality, well considered, and entertaining game which while technically a sequel is so far beyond its predecessor as to stand entirely on its own."
,Recommended,240760,12475554,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Finbom,"Outstanding!I have been waiting 25 years for this followup.... I was not sure if this could be a good thing to develope.And I was unsure when I tested the betas.. But I decided to not use the BETA and wait for the full release.And my god.. It took me directly 25 years back, continuing the stories in the Wastelands!The relations to Wasteland 1 makes it as a seamless transition to Wasteland 2.MY only fear now is to spend to much time gaming, and that was long time ago since that happend."
76561198086192209,Recommended,240760,12479406,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,☣1%☣ Bill Cosby,"god this game brings back hoards of memorys of leaveing the vault for the first time in fallout one and recieveing a ""water chip"" or dieng in the waselands of fall out 2 looking for ""the garden of eden creation kit"" this game is a perfect example of what hard core true rpg fanatics and the love of true gameing can bring together,  new graphics  and much more indepth story line than ANY rpg game released in hell the past 6 years, (and i have played them all) i will gladly pay 60$ again and again to really enjoy a rpg again, i absoluly love the come back of turn base tactical combat of recent games, this is my new favorite game, (move aside baulders gate 1-2) I absolutly can not wait for the return of torment i see that they are in devolopment of! i have allready donated 100$ to the development of the game and will gladly give my left arm to see the released product GREAT JOB inXile!"
76561198008771415,Recommended,240760,12480815,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,The Restless Kaiser,"Really pleased with how this game played out.  For those who findly remember old skool RPGs with action points for combat then this is definitely the game for you.I especially enjoyed a return to party based features, moving away from the console style RPG 'I am a megaman' who can do everything amazingly well.  Having each member bringing unique skills to the team because of the punitive skill system is a blessing.My only real concern is the game still has some very old playstle faults.  A party wandering in a blob that takes massive damage from grenades and AoE unless you know combat is coming.  Especially in fights that start with dialogue.  Similarly the skill system means you really need to pick 3, or 4 skills max per character or they quickly become worthless.Overall though, thoroughly well put together game that I have really enjoyed.  Many hours in and far from complete.  Best game I have bought in  months.5/5"
76561197966543763,Recommended,240760,12262429,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,fRodos_,"The Game plays awesome, the world setting is great. I like how you can make your rangers look however you'd prefer them without having to worry about the clothes not giving stats or something. Customization is really great, cover system is also satisfactory. Story is never boring, quests are usually hard but satisfying, plays better than most games.My only probelm is that to make it 'balanced', enemies often are allowed to move♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of squares.. even enemy heavy guys can walk right onto my face from afar, and all enemy units seems to have unlimited movement, while my guys are pretty much won't move more than a several squares. I'd beat them in straight-on shootouts, but no, all of them gonna run towards me. Supaflies are okay, they fly, but red skorpion heavy guys... pls don't. (Patch 2 fixed this - thank you) Also that 3% of weapon jam feels more like 15% or so...also sometimes random looters you encounter are so strong regarding the area you are in... it is more than challanging sometimes, but I guess I just don't know where to go after certain places, or what comes next.. well that's fine.I like this battle system more than Divinity: Original Sin's, but just by a little. All in all 7.5/10. Tho I haven't reached late-game yet."
76561198004146674,Recommended,240760,12481377,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Betelgeuse,Very fun game with a ton of replayability
,Recommended,240760,12481615,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,crizmopper,"Addictive fun. Wasteland 2 is a post-apacolyptic adventure with plenty of replay value and 80+ hours of gameplay. If you love classic games like Fallout 1,2 or fallout tactics you will love the updated gameplay here."
76561198069281174,Recommended,240760,12481775,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Kelorthast,If they keep making games like this and Divinity: Original Sin i will be a happy man.
,Recommended,240760,12484459,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Zoid,As good as the original Fallout 1 and 2.
76561198008079951,Recommended,240760,12203779,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,KaasuJalka,Patch 2 makes the GAME feel finished!! Thank you developers:DD
76561197966951898,Recommended,240760,12492247,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mr.Toast,"This game is awesome. If you love any of the Fallout titles and the gameplay of Baldurs Gate , then this game is a must have for you. The devs are constantly fixing any bugs you may hear about that are in the game now and should be adding achivements within the month. 10/10"
76561198026212801,Recommended,240760,12485201,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,wolfenspeign,"Modern Masterpiece of tacOps, adventuring, RPG, and adult natured grim reality + consequences. Its like Fallout Tactics, and in many ways, the REAL Fallout3 that should of been made all along. While a few small fallout-specific IP things are missing, the general soul, and game-feeling is exactly the same. I'm gonna play hundreds of hours of this while i keep building all sorts of varieties of rangers. Its kinda like RPG Xcom."
76561198079102794,Recommended,240760,12485273,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,murmures,Had not played fallout 1&2 or wastland 1But thsi remainds me of fallout 3I love going into all those small little random things or detalis or even the stats or description of a weapon.
76561198024280675,Recommended,240760,12486152,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Bodie,"As a huge fan of the spinoff Fallout series I have been waiting for this game to come out ever since it was announced.  I think the game has hit the mark on balancing tactics, gameplay, lore and story, making this game as engaging as possible, but that's not to say it doesn't come with it's fair share of bugs.Yes it's a throwback to the past... but it's a throwback to a time where games were engaging, fun, whilst giving you the freedom to make decisions your own way.  Sometimes the only guide in what to do next is realising that the enemies in this town are too difficult, hinting that you aren't ready for this yet...  That's okay, I'll go exploring instead.Yes there are bugs, forcing you to reload or alt+f4, but I think it's taken decades for similar titles to iron out all the bugs.  It's not gonna win awards in this department so just keep that in mind.If you have been looking to scratch that nostaligic itch, but have consistantly been disappointed by titles that don't meet expectations, or have just failed to deliver... fear not.  Check this one out.  10/10"
76561198047842521,Recommended,240760,12873015,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Johnny Nails,"Tough unforgiving game.  Suggest playing it WITHOUT reloading after a ""mistake"".   Makes it more stressful....lolRuns good until.....HOLLYWOOD.  Even after recent patches.  This MUST be fixed.Hollywood is a mess.   I will recommend this game because I do like it but, Hollywood really hurts it.   Get that fixed, and the game is much better.    Hope to see DLCs and new missions!"
76561198101688200,Recommended,240760,12873760,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Legin,"Very good game, I began playing in the beta and have enjoyed everything up to this point. the game is smooth. reminds me of the original fallout and planscape torment (if you haven't played those get on it) I have nothing bad to say about this game."
76561198072068274,Recommended,240760,12612539,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Scipio,"This is the fallout 3 we fallout fans always wanted. its alot like fallout 1 +2 the way the story and travel go, but alot like fallout tactics in combat"
76561197969314371,Recommended,240760,12705934,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,me,"Absolutely great. The setting is desolate, yet buzzling with all kinds of excentric characters. The combat system is not revolutionary, but a clear step up from the older Fallout games. And the graphics are pretty good as well. I'm still not finished after 60 hours, but had a ton of fun already."
,Recommended,240760,12706070,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,aac013,"Just what I wanted in this game, not far in but I love the choices and consequences."
,Recommended,240760,12710219,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,.Hex.,"WOW. This game has everything that the isometric turn-based RPG should have. Breathtaking backdrop, gutteral, engrossing combat and fun quests. Wasteland 2 was worth the 26 years wait.Game on."
