user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198000861562,Recommended,241260,15097263,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Z0mBi3,"One of my favorite games from 2014, and probably my all time favorite detective game is this. Crimes and Punishment is a blast to play! The new engine offers breathtaking views and stunning textures, and the voice acting is fantastic. You have to make moral choices in this game, which affects the story.The cases are much more interesting in this game then the previous Sherlock games, thanks to great mission variation. Solve murders, investigate thefts and missing people. ""Will you follow the law or your moral?"", is the question you have to go by on every case.Every case is smart and well thought out. You always think you understand who did the crime, until it suddenly turns the other way around. When you finally complete a case you feel satisfied though. You will look around for a long time, just because you want to find every clue. If you get stuck you can get hints, look in your journal and ask doctor Watson.I think this game is very underrated. It's one of the most polished games released in 2014 and offers a great story with absolutely fantastic cases. If you haven't picked this game up yet, please consider doing it. I really hope Frogware will release more content for this game. DLC, expansion or sequel, because I adore the game and would really wish for more great and exciting cases to solve.Crimes and Punishment gets a warm recommendation from me."
,Recommended,241260,12371271,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ジェットタンク,"I took it upon myself to wait until I had received 100% of the achievements before making my review.Compared to The Testament of Sherlock Holmes, Frogwares and Focus Entertainment have come a VERY LONG WAY! From astoundingly beautiful graphics, to great plotlines and endless solutions, I was in awe the entire time.The one thing I loved the most was the way they improved on Sherlock Holmes's personality. Compared to Testament, Holmes in Crimes and Punishments has a more gentle and chivalrous side to him, which is something definitely found in the books. I'm an oldschool Sherlock Holmes fan, so this game was perfect!I am very excited to see possible sequels in the future."
,Recommended,241260,16891713,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Kosmozuikis,"As a fan of adventure games i am always looking for new and entertaining adventure games to play. I‘m very picky and not every adventure game will satisfy my needs. I have stumbled on Sherlock Holmes Crimes and Punishment a while ago and added it to my wishlist. I bought it on summer sale and i don‘t regret it. I love the game.First thing what caughts  the eye is graphics. It is rare for an adventure game to have a really good graphics. Keep in mind that „technically good“ and „nice to the eye“ is different. A drawn 2D graphics can look much better than technically more advanced 3D graphics with poor 3D models. I remember when Broken Sword gone to 3D graphics, it looked awful, i was angry about that, i was disappointed that developers decided to go that way instead of just classical 2D graphics. It was a trend at that time and it was a bad trend. Sherlock Holmes Crimes and Punishment is one of those adventure games in full 3D where graphics looks really nice. Character face models are amazing. It lacks better animations like in Beyond two souls, Heavy rain or LA Noire, but i guess this game had much smaller budget, so it‘s really amazing what they had achieved in graphics department. Environments looks great too. You can take rally nice looking screenshots. The environments are different and pretty detailed. In short i don‘t have any complaints regarding graphics.The game consists from 6 chapters which are 2,5-3 hours long each. The gameplay consists from exploring the crime scene, taking notice of every detail, gathering evidence and talking to the witnesses and victims. After all these things are done you can start a deduction process where you must make connections between collected statements and evidence and get a conclusion. There are few outcomes in every case, there‘re always few suspects and you can wrongly accuse a person of doing a crime and condemned him. But most fun is to find out who‘s the real culprit is. Even when you find him you can absolve him or make him guilty so that he would receive his punishment. It‘s your moral choice at the end of the chapter.The game is not too hard but it‘s not easy either. You can be stuck at some point not knowing what to do. As always it‘s just some small thing you missed. There are some puzzles in the game. Each case has few of them. I like that puzzles are all different and are pretty logical and not too complicated except for lock hacking puzzles. They‘re in every case and sometimes you get more than one of it. But you can skip the puzzles, it doesn‘t have any impact to the story or outcome.All in all i recommend this game to everyone who loves adventure games, you will not be disappointed. This is one of those hidden gems (*cough* The Book of Unwritten Tales 2 *cough*) made by a small company which probably didn‘t pay back."
76561198080152550,Recommended,241260,12737411,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ＮＥＴＳＣＡＰＥ,"Watson: ""Do you want to slit some more pigs throats?""Holmes: ""no.""Watson: ""thank goodness for that.""Holmes: ""I wish to impale one with a harpoon."""
,Recommended,241260,20517725,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Pointnclickster,"This is the perfect Sherlock Holmes game. In Crimes and Punishments, you have six cases to solve, and its completely up to you to deduce the facts, and bring about judgment. Oh there is so much goodness where to start? The game is gorgeous. Victorian England never looked so good. The amount of different places you get to visit is amazing, from beautiful mansions to seedy back alleys. The voice acting is superb. Also, the voice synch is perfect. What I really love about this game is that after finishing a case, you can always come back when you want to do another case, without worrying if they are connected in any way. Each case comes with so many different possibly outcomes, if you find the evidence and come to certain conclusions. How you sentence who you believe is guilty also influences how the public sees you. The in-game journal is wonderful in helping you keep track of who is involved in the case, what items can help you advance the case, or look back at a dialogue that may have a clue. So the good stuff in a nutshell: The Look, the writing and the acting, the Game Mechanics, and the Stories of each Case. The negatives: I can't find them.This is a great game to start with if you are interested in the Sherlock Holmes franchise. If you have already played through the catalog available of SH titles, I dare say you must play this because I think you'll find this to be arguably the best SH games to date."
,Recommended,241260,32783107,Posted: 25 June,all,OBookman,"Very good game indeed, love the graphics, love the gameplay and love the logic of how puzzles and mysteries work. AND it teaches you a ton of little science tricks along the way. Definitely a good game."
,Recommended,241260,17442418,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Mr Torgue High-Five Flexington,"""Be quiet Watson, I'm trying to concentrate.""As puzzle games go, Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments is fairly tame. As tedious as the achievement for reaching all conclusions is (if that matters), the game is worth the experience - well thought-out characters, realistic motivations and a chance to play at being the world's greatest detective.There are six individual cases, or chapters if you will, each with a unique crime for you to solve. Gameplay involves first gathering the evidence in the form of point-and-click / exploration. Suspects and other people are interviewed. During the course of doing this, sometimes additional information about clues you find can only be discovered by researching Holmes' archive, or by conducting an experiment, or even by chemical analysis. All of these actions combine to give you deductions, which take the form of facts floating around inside Holmes' brain, visualised by neurons firing between each other.The next part is what I find to be the most fun though. Just having these facts floating around inside your head isn't enough. You have to put them together. For example: a person needs a certainStrength Requirementto wield a harpoon properly, also you know the victim wasPinned to the Wall. Put them together, and you conclude the murderer must be physically strong. Put enough of the facts together and you'll be able to conclude who the guilty party is.It comes as no surprise that there are various conclusions for each chapter. Each of them makes its own kind of logical sense, and is fun to experiment with. There is even a 'correct' answer to each of the cases - and the opportunity to check whether you have the right one or not is entirely optional, meaning nothing is given away without your wanting it. The only problem I find with replaying for different endings is the necessity of starting the case over again from scratch - there is no option to simply replay your deductions from near the end of the case. This unfortunately makes for a bit of a grind as some cases have numerous location changes - many of which are for as little as a single item - meaning you will grow bored of seeing the interior of Holmes's carriage very quickly. One case has as many as six different endings.More on the gameplay. I've already mentioned finding objects, interrogation, drawing deductions. In addition, there is lockpicking (an interesting take on a concept rife in so many games today), imagination (a little-used idea that works well to break up other gameplay elements), and there are also conversation events whereby Sherlock catches people out in lies. Leaving people gaping like fish and floundering for words is very enjoyable.The cast for voice-acting is excellent, although I think it is soured by Robinson's aussie accent. There are two aussies in this game - while Lady Brackenstall sounds more genuine, Robinson sounds exaggerated, a bit too much like Steve Irwin for my liking. Perhaps for the time-period (1890s) this is accurate, and perhaps it adds to his character, but I just found it too over-the-top.The visuals are mildly impressive. While nothing stands out as particularly fantastic, the landscapes and rooms depicted are done well enough that you feel transported to late 19th Century England. Typewriters and the general hubbub of Scotland Yard offices is one of the better sounds.In closing, I should point out that the game is inspired by Arthur Conan Doyle's stories, and thatCrime and Punishmentis a reference to Fyodor Dostoyevsky's novel of the same title - giving the gamer the opportunity to find the right culprit, and to make the moral choice of condemning or absolving their actions."
76561198005944859,Not Recommended,241260,18209408,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ThomasKingo,"Everything about this game is fantastic except for the arbitrary nature of the deduction system. There will typically be at least three solutions with separate suspects and different means of having committed the crime. The different clues which have been collected during the investigation must be arranged to form different deductions in order to single out the perpetrator. The system is genius except for the fact, that the developers have failed to make some deductions more correct or coherent than others. Thus you can never be sure your chosen solution - based on solid reasoning (what Sherlock Holmes is supposed to be all about!) - will be correct. Even if you have taken all things into considerations and logically chosen the most likely explanation. This have been incredibly frustrating and immersion breaking.To further explain what I mean by the solution being arbitrary, I will provide the following observation:Any case in  ""Crimes & Punishments"" will have established means, motives and opportunities for all suspects, if you diligently have found all the different clues. The problem as I see it is, that there should at least be some few things that makes one suspect more likely than the other, or deductions that stood out as far less sound, as they appeared to be in conflict with other circumstances like causality or the existence of contradictory evidence, but no. All the solutions are equal in likelihood and reasoning, and as Sherlock Holmes we are bound to make a decision on who we would most wish to see having committed the crime or who we intuitively believe did the crime based on knowledge of crime cliches.It seams the developers have constructed the clues, deductions and solutions in order to  fit the model of ""means, motives and opportunities"" as conditions in order to establish guilt as found in common law legal systems. This still only provides a dissatisfying experience, as this doesn't prove the actual guilt of the suspect, which in turn today nor in Victorian era Britain were enough to lift the needed burden of prof of having committed a crime. Establishing the presence of these three elements is not, in and of itself, sufficient to provide a conviction beyond reasonable doubt; the evidence must prove that an opportunity presented was indeed taken by the suspect and for the crime with which he or she is charged. In ""Crimes & Punishments"" the different solutions are entirely equal in probability, and this is the prime weakness of the system: If all the suspects can be reasoned to be equally as likely the ones who committed the crime, then they are all equally as unlikely to be guilty, and in a court of law this would actually make providing a conviction impossible. The conclusion simply  cannot be proven beyond a reasonable doubt.It frustrates and saddens me, that the deduction system have been built in such a way as the solutions are wholly arbitrary and in total disconnect with the books of sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Mainly because if you can ignore this, then the game is fantastic. The atmosphere is fantastic and the locations and voice acting is great."
,Recommended,241260,12580085,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Chewable C++,"This entry into Frogwares' Sherlock Holmes series is the biggest change since The Awakened.Frogwares' switch to the Unreal engine seems to have paid off, as this is by far their best looking SH game yet.The voice acting has also greatly improved, and together with improved character animations, C&P delivers a cinematic, high production value experience.The gameplay, on the other hand, is the simplest yet. C&P plays a bit more like an interactive movie such as Heavy Rain or The Walking Dead than a typical adventure game. But the experience is still rather enjoyable, and the change certainly makes C&P the most accessible title yet. The game also seems to borrow the ""observation text"" from the BBC Sherlock mini-series, which is a nice touch. I think there may be some inspiration taken from LA Noire as well.Although there are few puzzles to speak of, the most interesting feature is the ""conclusion system"". Even if you uncover all the clues (which is very easy to do), the player is able to deduce multiple conclusions. Only one conclusion is ""correct"", but it isn't always obvious which that is. The game requires you to pay attention and in some cases think rather carefully in order to come to the right conclusion.The game also appears to borrow from Telltale's TWD and Wolf Among Us in introducing episodic gameplay with a ""moral choice"" at the end of each case. There are 6 cases total, each lasting roughly 2-3 hours. In addition to deciding the conclusion of each case, you decide between two moral choices. This doesn't seem to have much impact aside from showing you a different ending sequence. Although saving is automatic, after finishing a particular case ending sequence, you can restart before you committed to the conclusion and moral choice. This conveniently allows you to see all possible endings, if you so desire, in one playthrough.Although the episodic gameplay introduces more variety than previously seen, the individual cases are not quite as compelling as the storylines of previous titles. Some cases are perhaps a bit too obvious, although there's still plenty of cleverness in the writing.As an ardent fan of Sherlock Holmes adaptations as well as the source material, I definitely recommend this title.It's also fairly easy to unlock 100% achievements. This is possible to do in one playthrough, although doing so without a walkthrough would be difficult. Unfortunately, most walkthroughs tend to spoil the plots of the cases. It is possible to replay any case after completing the game, though."
,Recommended,241260,13277001,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ros,"I picked up this game while looking for an old school point and click. It's not that at all. It's more like an interactive story with a few added  case solving mechanics and mini games. This will really annoy a lot of die hard fans of the old Sierra or LucasArts games so you should really look at a video walthrough of the first few minutes before getting it.  Usually I'd put myself in that class but I found  the sheer entertainment value of this game is one of the best I've come across.Best points:Excellent visuals and voice acting,Properly laugh out loud moments alongside the more serious plots.20-25 hours of gameplay. Worth the high price.Perfectly designed characters. Whoever scripted Watson is a genius.Interesting and fun mechanics for deduction analysis and a few other minigamesBad pointsVery little challenge in puzzles or deductionThe transfer time between locations is painfully slowNo save games. You can replay chapter endings but otherwise nothingSome minigames have horribly clunky interfaces.Some of the pathing is a bit irritating. Most often Watson gets in your way and its a fight to get aound him to where your next clue is.If you want a bit more detail...The only people who I would advise to stay away from this are those solely interested in puzzle based old school point and click games.The game is made up of 6 chapters, each based around an original Holmes story so they inherit some good writing. In each you walk Holmes around crime related scenes picking up clues, questioning suspects and doing research. This gives you thoughts which you have to link together correctly to make deductions that you tie together to solve a case.  It is a fun mechanic but the deductions are sometimes too obvious. o=One or two are nonsensical. There's a bit of embarrassingly bad science in some minigames too but if you can get over that then the dialogue, characters  and plot make this really good entertainment."
,Recommended,241260,12803066,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"I wasn't expecting much from this game,  but I have been consistently impressed by the quality of the writing, voice acting, and visuals.Playing as Sherlock Holmes is made interesting by way of a unique system for connecting deducations (represented as synapses in his brain) that creates different outcomes depending on how they are arranged.   You gain deductions by following up on clues,  which requires talking to people,  inspecting the environment, and playing a variety of mini games (everything from lock picking to arm wrestling, to chemistry).The characters have incredibly good facial animation and well rendered skin (definitely the best use of sub surface scattering that i've seen in a game) which, combined with some truly stellar voice work, gives them an extremely 'human' quality.  All of this leads you to care about them,  and the stories they have.   That's a pretty important thing, because the bulk of the game is spent listening to them speak.If you are into adventure or puzzle games, or just someone who appreciates great visuals and attention to detail this is a game well worth picking up.I would give this game 10/10 raging clues."
76561198023221061,Recommended,241260,12314017,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Myst,"I did like the game, and the graphics are beautiful, but it was way too easy (sometimes plain obvious) and just seemed more of 3d interactive novel rather then real quest."
,Recommended,241260,12758380,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Platzkart,I let two murderers go free and blew up the London Stock Exchange.5 stars.
76561197995303811,Recommended,241260,13172985,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MrKlin,"The closest I've yet seen to capturing the escense of playing the consulting detective. The stories are for the most part well written, and with good mechanics to help you explore the crimescenes fully. The most impressive mechanic here is the system set up to ""gather your thoughts"", where you combine clues to create a basis for deduction and those deductions lead you towards the truth of the matter. The mechanic in itself is ingenious, but what really satisfied me is how the storytellers have utilized it, to the point where you can actually legitimately deduce the ""wrong"" answer, allowing you to further imerse yourself by making the needed deductions in between to lead you on the right path.That being said, there is still room for improvement in how one investigates a crimescene, as this game as earlier games still carries the stigma of old point'n'click adventures where you don't find much outside of what is actually usefull. A bit of ""clutter"" when it comes to items would be a lovely way to let you do more of the detecting on your own.A minor gripe as this game is a huge leap in the right direction for detective games."
,Recommended,241260,31984446,Posted: 26 May,all,Nos402,"First and foremost, the most important thing: I enjoyed playing this game. That's what matters.Now the nitty gritty things you should know to make your own decision. This game, is mostly just a story that gives you the illusion that you are interacting and playing a game. Yes, you must click things and push keys but it's all mostly illusion. You are pretty much walked through the entire game. There are dialog choices, but they aren't actually choices. It's just a list of things to say that you will click through until you have said them all. You will search a room until the game politely indicates that you have now found all clues in the room (I actually really like this mechanic as I am VERY thorough and it was good to know when I was done and didn't need to waste any more time searching in case I'd missed something).There are 3 ""powers"" Sherlock uses but the screen literally tells you with a prompt any time you need to use them, so again, only the illusion of choice and game play. The only real choices come with how you choose to interpret the clues (there will be several that have 2 different choices as to conclusions you could draw) and who you choose to accuse, and whether you choose to have the arrested or to let them go depending on how you feel morally about the details. This part is really cool, and while there were a few times I wasn't sure which way to go, if you actually scrutinize all the evidence and dialogue, there is really only one conclusion that is solidly supported over the other, but it's still often down to all details and you might easily go the other way if you're not careful. The game does allow you to check your conclusion if you want to and go back and replay the ending if you so choose.So again, the only game play is mostly illusory and not really game play at all, but despite all this I still had a great time playing it and really enjoyed the cases, stories and process of reaching a conclusion."
76561198088522966,Recommended,241260,32890212,Posted: 27 June,all,Katniss,"I've always been keen on police series and investigation games.  And the Sherlock Holmes figure is a genertaion long IDOLE of mine.  So naturally I couldn't resist to buy this one and submerge myself in the arts of investigation, deduction and case making.The game is very submergive although some aspects are rather ""hand holding"" and the outcomes are a real ""moral"" case at times. I have enjoyed the game very much and will be buying more in the series.  It's really entertaining for those who like puzzeling and seeking the answers to very strange cases and situations.Not a given patience to many puzzle fans, but worth the try if you feel adventurous and aren't the type to go spooky the moment things go beyond your imagination or comprehension.All in all, for me, a BIG thumbs up for the detective feel the game gave me."
76561197993288712,Not Recommended,241260,12459495,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Splinter of Chaos,"TL;DR: This game got a lot of positive reviews, so I feel my opinions may not apply to most gamers, but I found it dissapointing from a design standpoint, as a fan of adventure games, murder mysteries, and a Sherlock Holmes fan.The stories of Sherlock Holmes have been my favorite muder mysteries since the first time I saw the old BBC show. The level of intrigue cannot be topped. His use of pure deductive reasoning and keen observation can be truly astounding at times. However, none of the cases in this game gave me such a feeling. Actually, the cases often felt quite cut and dry. Perhaps having all the clues revealed to you the moment you find them ruins the climax--the moment where Sherlock reveals how all the pieces of the puzzle fit together. But often, the pieces don't even fit together and many outcomes (as many as six at a time) remain possible.Like Holmes always says: When you have eliminated the impossible, what you have left is guess-work.When you find a clue or learn a fact about the case, the game often suggests you hit the B key which brings you to a screen where the facts float about the screen and by clicking on two related facts, connecting them, Sherlock will make a deduction about them. Sometimes, multiple deductions can be made. For example ""it was an accident"" or ""he did it on purpose"". The right combination of deductions leads to more deductions, leads to a conclusion. While this demonstrates Holme's deductive reasoning in an interesting way, even after collecting every clue and making every deduction, many branches cannot be eliminated, and concluding who committed the crime without absolute certainty does not seem faithful to Doyle's writting.As simply and adventure game, Crimes and Punishments lacks well-drawn and interesting characters, difficult puzzles, good dialogue, and good story telling. Most cases can be solved in just an hour or two and the clues practically jump out at you, so as long as you don't skip entire sections of the map, you'll find most everything on your first go.Occasionally, you have to activate Sherlock's heigtened powers of observation (it'll tell you when) and the clue will glow yellow so you can't possibly miss it. In some cases, the clue is entirely invisible without this, and in others, even if you've spotted the clue (which I challenged myself to do), Holmes won't examine it. It would have been more immersive if they just had him take out a magnifying glass.This is by no means a bad game--despite my complaints, it is perhaps more disappointment over several design decisions than anything else. It's just not a great game, and for the price they're asking, I think you can find a better game to play, at least in the adventure genre (The Longest Journy?), although I don't know many in the crime genre and this very well could be the best."
,Recommended,241260,12341533,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Spray N Pray,"Do you like mysteries?Do you like well dressed Englishmen?Do you like staring at women through windows?If so this is the game for you.  It is an excelent mystery with satisfying mini-games.The biggest flaw is there is a loading screen between areas and gets rather obnoxious, especially towards the end of levels when your bouncing between locations trying to get the last of the clues.  Other than that the game is really enjoyable.Would buy again."
,Recommended,241260,33898749,Posted: 30 July,all,burg,"6/10Pros:-Great UI-Most of the cases are interesting-Unsuspecting or not obvious suspects, for the most part-Good graphics-Alright voice actingCons:-Only 6 cases-Not worth 30$, would only buy if really cheap on sale-No dramatic final case-Contains repetitive nomad tendencies-Repitive/annoying mini-games, for a good part of them-Almost all 'Sherlock moments' is something anyone could have picked up on, giving it a bad Sherlock Holmes character feel"
76561198048806414,Recommended,241260,12889600,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Calriel,"What an amazing game! I think this is probably the best game I've played in over a year.Why?The graphics are very good, it's easy to manoeuvre in the game and even I as an amateur detective can solve and enjoy the cases, but I also made some mistakes, so the game isn't super easy -- yet anyone can play this, I'm sure!What makes this game stand out and go from solid to phenomenal, is the stories. There's six stories (cases) in all. Great dialogue and the game leads you from step to step. It's fairly easy to find clues, but the smart part is that YOU, the player, get to interpret the clues.To give you an example, you find clues that the rails are removed  near a lake and near a cave. You're looking for a disappearing train. What do you deduce? You need further evidence to make the correct deduction. If you do this well and interpret the clues correctly, they will lead you to the correct conclusion. But if you make errors, you can reach a wrong conclusion and send an innocent man to prison or the noose! Brilliantly done!You really feel you're back in Sherlock Holmes' day and age, with gas lamps and coaches. It is so well done, I even started reading a book with Sherlock Holmes stories after finishing this ~27-hour game. Turns out the stories in the game could VERY WELL HAVE BEEN WRITTEN DOWN in the form of a book. So this game plays great for Sherlock Holmes enthusiasts as well as for SH rookies. Big thumbs up!"
76561198022750630,Recommended,241260,12337302,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,michael_kuerbis,"The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes seriesdeveloped by Frogwares has been going on for more than a decade now. It’s had its ups and downs, but the general tendency was upwards. After Frogwares reached their peak in the previous game,The Testament of Sherlock Holmes, they decided it was time for a general refurbishment of the series. So they picked the last two games and put them into a mixer, along withThe Walking Dead(by Telltale),The CaveandL.A. Noire. Can the result live up to this legacy? If you bear with me for a moment, then I will tell you.The first choice by Frogware was to ditch their in-house engine for the Unreal Engine 3. The result is jaw-dropping graphics. I was really astonished. Take a look at the user screenshots, this is the best-looking adventure game I have played so far.However, the advertising screenshots and videos are slightly misleading. With two exceptions, all the locations are quite depopulated.The second choice was to switch to an episodic model likeThe Walking Deadand other games, except that the six episodes were all released at once and are almost completely disconnected from each other, so there isn’t really such a thing as a progressive storyline. However, the game fits into the canon of the series.Frankly, with the episodic model and a storyline unclosed because it was never really opened, the game has this smell of possible upcoming DLC about it. I wouldn't be surprised at all if one or two DLC episodes popped up.Individually, the six episodes are like well-written short stories. The cases are interesting and well-written, conceivable and logically constructed with some very neat ideas and quite unusual locations. But only the last episode has something that resembles a progressing story, the other cases consist of little more than the whodunit.There also is a moral choice aspect which is misunderstood by many critics. It is not a moral choice system in the sense of The Walking Dead, but more in the sense ofThe Cave.The Cavehad a moral choice aspect you might ask? Well, for each character there was a bad ending and a hidden good ending, go look it up. Which ending you got hinged entirely upon a decision at the very end of the game.Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishmentsis similar. For each case, there are between three and six possible conclusions. You can pick one and choose if you want to punish the prosecuted party with the full force of the law or if you want to handle the case more softly. And after you watched/played your particular ending sequence, a very bright design choice comes to life: you can return to the point of your choice and try another ending. So unlike other games with moral choice systems which have to be played multiple times, you only need to play the game once and may see all the possible endings in a single playthrough.But as we have learned half a year ago fromNOCLIP – The Game(also known asMurdered: Soul Suspect,read my review), good graphics with the Unreal Engine and a decent story cannot hold up a game if the gameplay almost completely sucks. Be relieved,Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishmentsdoes not make the same mistake.Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments is not exactly a Point-and-Click adventure. You investigate the crime scenes and look for clues. Many of them are tied to minigames, most of which are skippable. You also collect items and information and talk to witnesses and suspects. Occasionally you will catch someone in a lie and have to present evidence of the lie, just likeL.A. Noire.The clues you found are presented on the very fancy deduction screen, where you have to combine them into facts. And out of the facts, you draw conclusions. This game mechanic has replaced the inventory puzzles.The aforementioned jaw-dropping graphics come at a price, and that price is loading times. The game needs to load for quite a while between every single scene transition (and there are many of them), so Frogwares made that commute less dull by A) making this particular loading screen not look boring after five seconds and B) letting you consult your notes and the deduction screen.But the game also loads briefly before every dialogue and before many of the minigames and QTE-scenes, which messes with the pacing when the bad guy draws a gun and you are supposed to resolve this situation in a QTE, but inbetween you have to stare at a black screen with a spinning circle for fifteen seconds.Other than that, the game flow works very well. You can always look up what tasks are left to do, so you never really get stuck and there is little reason to consult a walkthrough. Maybe it has become a little too easy, but the challenge lies in finding the correct conclusion.Concerning the playability, I have been playing the release version and found a couple of minor glitches, but nothing remotely significant or gamebreaking.Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishmentsintroduces manynewborrowed ideas, but only few of them can unfold to their potential. It is not without criticism and some of its potential is lost. The game took a step back from classic Point-and-Click adventures and made a step towards interactive movies, but without falling into the pit of irrelevant gameplay likeNOCLIP - The Game, which I mentioned earlier. This time, I can recommend to actually play the game instead of just watching a walkthrough. And given the length and the very good quality of the game, I would say that the experience was worth 40€."
,Recommended,241260,25020010,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Zeze♥☆•:*´¨`*:•,"The best game of it's kind..if you love Sherlock Holmes or being detective, sneaking around, solving puzzles, searching for the clues, then you will fall in love with this game. Cool Graphics and stories ,long enough to entertain you, worth of every cent. It lets you choose your own choices and i love sense of humor in this baby game 10♥10 Thanks to the creators! <3"
,Recommended,241260,12720481,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ЈОЅԐҎӇЇ ҠЯДҚФШЅҠІ,"Vast improvement over the last one, Testament of Sherlock Holmes (which was itself a lot of fun).-Graphics are way better (and you get to customize your appearance a little)-Voice acting has improved slightly-You won't spend time looking at completely irrelevant items-The morality/decision making is fun (I also really liked how you can go back and change your decision and see all the different outcomes)-You can replay separate cases after you've solved them-There's still an overall ending (but you won't understand it unless you pay attention to dialogue from the beginning)There were a few things I didn't like:-Way too short, could have used more cases!-You can't change your appearance very much besides specific situations, before you beat the game once"
,Recommended,241260,22903650,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,✪ H2RO2,"Frogwares has been on a very long roll with their Sherlock Holmes games for a very long time. This game is no exception.Pros:Gameplay. Amazing, feels more explorative than a few of the earlier titles. Love being able to look for clues myself instead of being pointed to everything. Dialogue feels more choice based than previous as well.Choices. The deductions you can make are nuts. You can get things wrong, cause people's deaths, put away the wrong suspect. It's limited, but then, these titles are smaller than other companies' and what they are doing in terms of choice is still pretty incredible.Story. A mix of canon and new cases makes the game pretty enjoable, and not as predictable as it would have been if they'd had cases from the story at every turn.Visuals. BEAUTIFUL. Although lacking in a few areas, so many of the enviornments were very pretty and immersive. It was great to look around at the scenary while progressing.Voice acting. The best so far in the series, I think. Loved Holmes' actor.Cons:Choices. Limited. Want more hands on ability. But obviously we're getting there.Exploration. The worlds felt very alive and very cool, and being able to miss clues makes me want to go out further to explore things. The day we get an open-world Holmes day will be amazing.Story. The short cases were great. However, it lacked a story on the whole as the previous games had one. I missed that. Working to an end goal of a larger mystery while tying up these litttle problems would have been incredible.Pros and cons aside, this game is defnitely worth playing if you like the title, and if you're into seeing how mystery games are progressing. Looking forward to seeing more."
,Recommended,241260,13859498,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Sharia Coke,"How did I wait until 2015 to play a Sherlock Holmes game? I picked this up on the Steam winter sale and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I haven't played the previous games in the series so my only references are other games, but this one in particular is very close to what Telltale does. There are six cases, each roughly two or three hours in length.If you like adventure games of either the point and click variety or Telltale's modern franchises, this is an easy recommendation."
,Recommended,241260,16494157,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Capt Macca,"★★★★★ - ""Do not miss this game""PROS:- The best detective experience I've had since LA Noire- Attention to detail is incredible, from the clues  to the evidence you collect- Options! You decide, you link clues, you decide who did it, you decide their fate and you don't even need to make the right choice, the game will let you fail and only tell you if you want it too.- Both the graphics and character features are amazing, a huge step for the Frogware Sherlock franchise- 6 individual cases, you can play the cases at your own pace and are almost episodic in the sense that if you want a break you can, theres a subtle backstory between them also and the game doesn't forget your past decisions- You can revisit your clues and decisions before moving on, this is great if you want to know if you made the right choice then wish to rectify it with a different ending.- Varied, the cases are each unique and involve different mini puzzles including lock picking, chemistry, research together with interrogation, exploration in different sized areas, using your animal companion and visualising scenes, just to name a few. The puzzles are skippable too.- 1st person? 3rd person? You decide!CONS:- Move Watson, he can get in the way but doesn't break immersion.- Waiting times between map areas, this can be forgiven though as the game is vast and enables you to use your notebook in this time.VERDICT?Ironically, this game is criminally underrated and is a hugely fun game that anyone can enjoy. Cannot recommend it enough."
76561198041512479,Recommended,241260,13756130,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,lujhei,"Playing Crimes and Punishments forces you to think, and place yourself in the place of Sherlock Holmes. Unlike most linear adventure games, this game only guides you to enough clues to form a few very possible conclusions; afterwards, you must use your own judgement to decide between them.Let me give you an example:Upon recovering all the clues in the first story, I was left with three possible solutions, two of which were more possible than the first. Instead of allowing you to follow up on those suspects, the game flat out refuses to allow you to investigate further and essentially tells you: ""That's enough, its time for you to think like Sherlock Holmes and figure it out yourself""The game sets up the cases such that the solutions are possible, so you'll have to make a judgement call and establish what posulations are plausible and which solutions to commit to. It was quite nerve wraking at first.Admitedly, the gameplay is not perfect. There are frequent load pages (though you are able to review your deductions and notes on these pages, which is nice) and there's an element of pixel hunting. It's also a slow and methodical game except for the occassional minigame or Quick Time Event.All in all, I would recommend this to someone who enjoys a slow puzzle. Perhaps someone who might enjoy a game like ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"". Since the game is rather methodical and slow, I would really aim to recommend it to a specific sect of puzzle loving adventure fans, whose main draw to adventure games isn't the comedy (if you love Sam and Max because of Sam and Max, this probably isn't for you)."
76561198170045799,Recommended,241260,23570563,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Christovovap,"This is detective adventure game with six independent chapters. I must say that this is one of the best adventure games I have played in last few years.Pros:+ Length: It took me 22 hours to finish the game (I am an experienced player)+ Story: The storytelling is catching and interested me from the beginning at each chapter+ Puzzles: I would say that they were quite adequate and even if player has trouble with them, there is always possibility to skip them, the game is obviously centered at story and detective part and most puzzles reflect that+ English humour - I loved it! No further comment needed :D+ Characters: The people in the game are alive and real, at least that it is like it seemed to me.+ Decisions: The decisions do not have impact on the game itself, but still they felt important and interesting to me. I liked the possibility to look at the statistics of the other players decisions, which is a nice feature.Cons:- Cannot think of any. Some of the puzzles were a bit obscure, but as I said, there is always possibility to skip them.Conclusion: If you are into detective stories and adventure games with a lot of story and characters, this is a obligatory game for you."
76561198364103526,Recommended,241260,31631541,Posted: 8 May,all,SC1_Hardlight,"Amazing!Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments is utterly brilliant. It has an amazing, intriguing plot which you could get lost in, challenging puzzles and mesmerising voice acting. It has the perfect way of blending the mini games and the game together. You really experience the era/time.I recommend this game for any Sherlock Holmes and non-Sherlock Holmes fans alike."
,Recommended,241260,29293906,Posted: 16 January,all,Reace,"After I played The Testament of Sherlock Holmes, I immediately thought that the game was gonna be a benchmark for more and better Sherlock Holmes games to come - They truly delivered with Crimes and Punishments.The game is even more engaging, with even better mechanics of controlling the characters. There's even more scenarios where you have to use different characters, and a few addition of investigative modes.Having said that, the game is tad bit easier than Testament, whereby the puzzles are less complex and it is really more straightforwardly guided with more obvious hints and leads you where you should go. However, at the end of each cases, you will have to make a decision based on your collected clues and you would be shown the answers - don't be surprised if you get it wrong, because it can happen, and you would be able to continue as is.Whilst the puzzles are simpler, they make up for it with longer cases and stretched storyline, just nicely suited and not dragging it. The cases are all separated and are not connected to each other, but the fun of investigating is all the same.It makes me want more cases. More deaths. More things to investigate.Oh dear, I have been Sherlocked."
,Recommended,241260,23590133,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,karlnp,"A really great detective/mystery game, and not incidentally also an excellent Sherlock Holmes adaptation. No Moriarty, no Irene Adler, no New Sherlock, no Shipping, just detective work, early forensics, and legwork. A very, very solid game."
76561198209058184,Recommended,241260,24597713,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Grandprix555,"7.9/10I enjoyed the game. I like the voice-acting and the English setting. The writing is decent and I learned a lot new words and phrases like ensconse, ""Vox populi, Vox Dei"", ""acting intelligently sometimes requires more than intelligence""...  The first 2 cases are a bit slow and a lot of the game is figuring out what the game wants you to do rather than figuring out the case (i.e. Did I click on that random mostly irrelevant thing in the corner of the room so the game knows I'm ready for the next cut scene?). But overall it's entertaining enough that you will finish it, which is more than I can say for 98% of my steam library."
76561198042617573,Recommended,241260,12632927,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Tom,"TL;DR Version:The game can be a little too hand-holdy, but it occasionally succeeded at tricking me into thinking I was much smarter than I am.  It was enjoyable and I want to see more.Long Version:It was okay.  If you like tracking down clues with Telltale Games-ish point-and-click mechanics, but need a bit of hand-holding when it comes to anything more arduous than looking at people, then this one's for you.  The moral choice system is a bit shallow since the only real choices are at the end of each case as you're about to name your killer: ""will you condemn the villain most harshly, or let them off easy this time?""  Mind you, that choice can be a lot harder than it sounds, and it's more satisfying than the usual ""good or evil"" option that pollutes choice-based games these days, but there were no lasting consequences either way; when a case was over, the slate was wiped and everything was back to normal, so the moral choices, which were actually quite difficult, were reduced to something less intense.  Good game, nonetheless, and I hope to see more, even better entries from the studio in the future."
,Recommended,241260,12368406,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,b0ink,"This game is a strictily episodic detective game with (almost) no overarching storyline other than the expected interactions between characters of the holmes universe. That being said, it's capturing and the individual cases are pretty well thought out. It's not a hard game tho.In terms of length, expect around 10-12 hrs of gameplay in total, broken up nicely in 2hr segments per case. There's some replayability options to check out various outcomes, but that won't lengthen the game past 14hrs.The graphics are superb visually. The english voice work is outstanding and carries the game well.Overall I'm happy I bought it, it's an enjoyable detective game. I do however wish they'd be working on DLC for this. (Never thought I'd actually say something like this.) It would work great for the episodic format. However at the time of writing this the developers said that no DLC is planned. :("
,Recommended,241260,22706446,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Z Simmox,"Very Good,if your a Sherlock Fan.Pretty good cases to solve and some unique actions and skills to usePuzzles are fairly straight forward but if your sloppy you can miss critical information and get the wrong conculsion.Acting,Atmosphere and Gameplay are all pretty good overall.maybe a tad too easy or predictable mid game.Six cases to solve,which are all quite interestingOne of the cases is a bit of a stretch even for Sherlock but its no game breaker.you can skip the puzzles if you wantbut the reinactments are worth doing and quite well done.and there are some reaction quicktime events that can catch you out,if your not on the ball.generally you can predict when these will occur.My only minor complaint was the ending,it is was a bit ambiguous . 8/10 Sherlock fans +1"
76561198089052394,Recommended,241260,26642423,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"Sherlock Holmes: Crimes And Punishments			* 7/10Sherlock Holmes is back with this new chapter but now Frogware tried a different approach. The game presents itself in a similar way to its predecessor, The Testament of Sherlock Holmes, so the interface and basic actions are the same, so we're about to move sherlock as a third person action, but let's start with the news.This chapter still uses the always good Unreal Engine, but this time Frogware made a step forward from v3 to v4. They designed some ambients with great care for details, other ambients are simply magnificent landscapes while other ambiences are a little below these standards, yet nothing that makes the game unwatchable. As a matter of fact this leap with the game Engine made the game a bit more demanding in terms of GPU as I'm no longer able to play on my laptop with a decent framerate so I had to switch to my Desktop Gaming PC.However the Biggest change in the game is in the story: There's no story! This new chapter consists of six separate, unrelated and independent cases to solve. So you won't have a back story leading the way and linking all the cases, and considering the previous chapter I really believe this is a big loss. But this doesn't mean the game is not fun to play with because this new structure perfectly fits the new deduction system: as you speak with characters, find clues and solve riddles you will gather them in a screen, so you can link a couple or more clues together to get to one or two possible deductions. If you are given a choice this will affect the successive clues and once you get all the clues, link them and choose your deductions they will lead you to a conclusion which might be or not be a correct conclusion. Hence you might point the right or wrong person as the culprit. And after that you have to select a moral choice, which most of the times is just ""call the police"" or ""not"", but might change for very peculiar cases.About the sound part I have something to say as I'm quite disappointed about voice acting, but not because they've been doing a bad job, they actually did a good job as usual. The fact is I'm a bit sad thay have replaced Sherlock and Watson's, now, historical voice actors. At the very least the new actors did a very good job, anyways. Another thing that left me a bit disappointed is the game's soundtrack: it's mostly made of few recycled themes from Testament of Sherlock Holmes. The fact those tracks are simply great is irrelevant, the fact that matters is that if those tunes are not being played then you just won't have a great tune that plays during your investigations or you will have tunes that do not reach the quality of Testament of Sherlock Holmes.Anyways even though this chapter doesn't have the depth of a great involving story as the previous chapter I consider this one a big step forward in Gameplay considering the new deductions system, the other little news such as the character portraits and the ""imagination mode"" ( in certain situations you can use your imagination to see the consequences of your interactons with items or to reconstruct facts that already happened), not to mention the entertainment provided by the cases themselves.+++PROs+++GAMEPLAY.Crimes and Punishment impements the 3rd person interface introduced in Testament Of Sherlock Holmes and improves the gameplay with a great deduction system where you can get to your own conclusions according to the clues you've found and this can lead you to the right or wrong culprit. Simply great.ENGINE.Crimes and Punishment uses the always good Unreal Engine 4, which has been used for great landscapes, very nice ambiences built with care for details, and a good variety of other different places.---CONs---NO STORY.To me this is an important loss, you face 6 different and unrelated cases, but there's not a story behind linking all of them together. Anyways I can understand how difficult it might be trying to write down a story that can fit into six different cases and at the same time it can fit all the different deductions and moral choices.VOICES & MUSIC.Considering the historical voice actors I wasn't expecting new actors for Holmes and Watson. Fortunately they all did a very good job anyways. Different story for the music scores as they mostly consist of very few tunes from The Testament of Sherlock Holmes, but the level is still lower considering they didn't use all the tracks, neither has been created anything new as pleasant as in the Testament of Sherlock HolmesI barely played this game on this machine:Laptop Lenovo Z50Intel Core i5-4210U8Gb RAM DDR3GeForce 840M/Intel HD Graphics 4400Windows 10 Home x64And perfectly on this Machine:Intel Core i7-497016Gb RAM DDR3GeForce GTX 660Windows 10 Professional x64"
,Recommended,241260,18758453,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Borracho,"An amazing hybrid of a game, this is the ideal balance between a good old fashioned detective game and an interactive movie. Highly recommended to all fans of good mysteries."
76561198027225841,Recommended,241260,28263873,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,foxfire5210,"I really liked playing this game and loved the variety of puzzles to solve. This definitely isn't a repetitive 'go here, collect this item, bring it back, repeat' game.  I also really liked that the load time between locations can by occupied by reviewing your notes or drawing conclusions about the case. I highly recommend this game!"
76561198084674911,Not Recommended,241260,31942888,Posted: 24 May,all,Airteez,"I really.. REALLY, wanted to like this game.. but it's just TOO LINEAR.. You see clues but can't collect them until you do something else. Lots of back and forth for no good reason.  To examin or collect evidence, you have to stand in the right spot or turn a certain way for the action to become available.  It's too time consuming and got boring FAST."
76561198014921375,Not Recommended,241260,16099065,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,cosmicandre,"I got this game on sale for about $10 and was thoroughly enjoying the first case...a lot. Felt the game had great acting, a very interesting story (as I understand the cases in the game are all taken from actual Sherlock Holmes stories) and some neat puzzles that were neither too hard, nor super easy, and also were varied and integrated well with the object, challenge or environment.Then I got to the end. And I'm not sure if this is the fault of the game or the actual story, but if you are feeling like you are trying to really solve the case - it feels like there is always something purposely left out that you have to make a leap of faith to make the pieces fit.SPOILERS BELOWAn example of this is in the first case. You don't meet the killer until the VERY last action / location / person of the game. It is contrived. If you would have immediately searched for other sailors at the very start (if the game let you, which it doesn't) - you'd essentially have exactly the same amount of facts and clues to pass judgement on his guilt as you do at the very end of the game.The main thread is the killer saw the victim kill a guy when they were both on a boat many years ago and disliked each other. The killer came to see the guy to ask for money since the (to be) killer was a down and out of work spearman and a fight broke out and death by the killer defending himself from the drunken victim ensued in the victims cabin.You don't need *any* of the other facts you wasted your time on for the case as they are all superfluous. In fact, they are all there as a distraction. To me, that just feels lame. Even if you have all the facts at the end, you still need to make a leap in picking the right killer as it's never a fact/proven/known that the killer went to the victims cabin for money at the night of the murder until you pick a final conclusion.  In fact, the fact that his pouch was there doesn't prove he was there ..at all. It's just as plausible that it was stolen as it was that he dropped it there - so why would we have to assume he was there instead of the other plausible (but not as perfect fits to the contrived story)?It is noted the killer was poor and out of work, but in fact, everything the game / story relates to you about him would define him as an honest, hard working, non begging individual...he did a hard job at sea, never attacked, ratted on the victim when he saw him many years prior kill a man, never tried to bribe him, was trying to earn money (not beg) at the pub via armwrestling and was genuinely thrilled when Holmes lies to him about the possibility of getting a spearman job with 'Capt Ahab'.  Also, although he disliked the victim, it was noted the victim lived in a fairly remote part of town and nowhere was it every noted/implied/hinted that the killer ever spoke to the victim any.  Even if they both got drunk at the same pub - that gives even more reason why the killer wouldn't go to his far away shack to ask for a few silver coins if he had access to him at the pub regularly (and also more credence to the possibility of a stolen pouch). It's a leap. You don't get any of his story until the very last thing you do and even then - the more plausible answer (which is wrong) is for the other suspects to be involved.When the case comes together and you see the conclusion after you pick the killer (who by the way comes to the address given to him by Holmes as the possible location to meet 'Capt Ahab' about some hard work), you wonder why killer (a supposedly honest, hard working sailor) would go beg for a few silver, then kill the victim instead of turning the other cheek and leave like he did many years ago on his boat. In fact, nothing shows him to be a violent person, and even one of the endings has him suddenly raging out with a fistfight..wha?For every fact given to you as a reason for the final outcome to have happened - you could come up with a set number of equally plausible counter actions that would have rendered the outcome differently. Sadly, none of the actions are tied to any real facts. The killer could just have easily not gone to beg for silver and the other 2 guys could have been attacked by the drunken victim and speared him. The killer could have also as easily ran away when the victim drew a knife on him and ran out the shack.It's all too contrived and not based strongly on anything you actually do so makes it feel really shallow. I'm not sure this is the fault of the game or the story itself - regardless - the end enjoyment (or frustration) is there if you really think your going to be able to logically deduce the conclusion. There's just assumptions you'd have to make (which isn't very scientific, nor flawless) when you make your final decision that make the whole thing slightly more than educated guesswork. It's bound to be fun to read and say ""ah ha!"" when you read the ending, but it's not nearly as enjoyable if you are playing out the character and looking forward to the challenge when you are certainly not given all the pieces (or have to accept random actions unknown to you as what actually happened).As far as my game played time - yes, i stopped after the first case. I read somewhere some folks also had issues with the logic on the 2nd case - and the desire to play any more cases vanished after the mechanics of the first played out. That would tend to speak volumes towards the value I found for the game if I stopped after the first case.Could be tons of fun - just knowing the amount of logic leaps make it less so."
76561198073559951,Recommended,241260,13080111,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Harambe,"An outstanding murder mystery adventure. I didn't expect a lot from a Sherlock Holmes game but it sure as heck blown all that doubt away. If you like games like L.A, Noire you wont find it here but you will find a very well made Sherlock Holmes adventure. Every case feels like something the late Sir Arthur Doyle would write which is an outstanding feet.10/10"
76561198048803156,Recommended,241260,12333474,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,redofthewolves,"DAMN that was good. Everything I love about the Sherlock stories, none of the crap I don't. The best crime investigation game I've played, including LA Noire. It was great. Only complaint is that I wish it had been longer."
,Recommended,241260,23044565,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[DERE]Dimpfeosaurus_Rex,"I love this game! Really great and smart level designs, great detail and humour.I got sucked in by this game from the very start. The story is just so appealing.I can recommend this game to anyone who loves story-, detective- or point and click games!5 out of 5!!"
76561198013748285,Recommended,241260,31593610,Posted: 6 May,all,thinblueline36,"I would call this more of a very interactive collection of short stories than a true adventure game.  There are only a few inventory-item-related puzzles, and the needed inventory item is usually only a few feet away.  Holmes has a couple of special powers, a Detective Sense that reveals otherwise hidden objects or clues, and Imagination that allows you to visualize past events based on the environment, but these abilities are only useful when an icon pops up telling you to toggle them on.  Of the five cases, all are good, though one is awfully far fetched, and the one saw Holmes making intuitive leaps that made me wonder if the player's ability to uncover certain information was lost for production reasons, and Holmes became temporarily psychic to bridge the gap.  These quibles are minor however.  Gameplay involves wandering around a beautifully crafted world, talking to lovingly rendered characters while listening to superb voice acting, while occasionally taking a bird's eye view of Holmes's nuerons to tie information together into conclusions, and eventually an accusation of the guilty party.  And it is possible to misinterpret certain clues and convict the innocent.  Nice touch that.  And it's just one of dozens of nice touches that pop up everywhere you look.  If you're looking for a Monkey Island/Longest Journey level adventure game, this isn't it, but if you like the idea of guiding Sherlock Holmes through a handful of short adventures, Crime & Punishment is one of the best entries in the franchise."
76561198085651506,Recommended,241260,12452704,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,calarath,"Love it,I am a fan of the series and this is the one I have been waiting for.  It exceeds my expectations.Stop thinking and buy it......You will be glad you did."
76561198050750789,Recommended,241260,13569835,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,tAreqSm1Le'^^!,If you want to become an investigator Buy this gameyou will not regret if you like kind of this  and awesome graphics :)
,Recommended,241260,23054753,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Raxyz,"I'm not a Sherlock Holmes fan in the sense that I've never read the books, but the characters always felt interesting to me. That aside, this is a detective game done right. Every case does NOT give you the answer after giving you all the clues, you have to read through the clues you've gathered and the conversation logs to make the deduction YOURSELF. That to me, was awesome. No other game did something as brilliant as that.The only thing I can complain about this game is being 6 cases only, I'd play 50 of this brilliantly crafted game."
76561198030494965,Recommended,241260,25398488,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Alpha Blue,"The Good:-Very beautiful and highly detailed graphics of areas and characters-Challenging but not ball busting puzzles (and achievements)-Wide variety of interesting puzzles and characters with their motives/history-Easy to understand interface and game mechanics-True to the Sherlock Holmes experience as far as characters/dialogue and certain areas-Multiple conclusions and moral choices make cases interesting-Skippable puzzles, if you're into that sort of thing-Thought and attentiveness to detail are encouraged to get the correct/best outcomes-Sherlock runs like a dork-The telescope ;) you know you wannaThe Bad:-Occassional crashes on the Deduction page-Flickering/stuttering or blurred textures-Could be argued some parts of the game are too easy-The cases feel somewhat isolated and filler-ish-The bridge puzzle!Overall a beautifully designed and thought provoking detective game worth a good 20 hours of gameplay. I got mine on a pretty good sale but if you're a Sherlock Holmes fan it's surely worth the price. A solid 8.5/10"
76561198089422194,Recommended,241260,12511338,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,XxAciDxX,True Sherlock Holmes's game is here !!
76561197965282243,Recommended,241260,15578026,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Hatch,"If you've played The Testament of Sherlock Holmes you need to play this.  This is the best Sherlock game, actually the best crime/mystery game I've played.  The game isn't one big storyline.  There's 6 crime cases in the game.  This is good if you like to have stopping points to take a break.  Crimes and Punishments plays a lot like Testament but better.  It's not a point and click game.  You can control Sherlock in 3rd and 1st person view.  You get to question suspects and look for clues.  Sherlock can use his instincts to find hidden clues and visualize what might have happened at the crime scene.  You can go back to Baker Street (Holmes' home and lab) to do experiments and research.   After you get enough clues you make deductions to form a possible answer.  The game allows you to freely gather clues, talk to people and travel to different locations.  It nudges you in the right directions but you have to think sometimes.  If you get at a tough spot just Google a walkthrough.  Crimes and Punishments is a fun and easy game to play.  If you like murder mysteries and especially a Sherlock fan, you need this game!Pros:+6 different cases+Well developed game and written storyline+Ability to freely investigate+Holmes can change disguises+Graphics+Voice actingCons:-Some of the quick-time events can be challenging but you can always try again if you fail.  There's very few QTEs but since I hate QTEs I say it's a con.  But they don't make the game bad.-I wish some of the cut scenes could be replayed.  If you're playing the game and say the phone rings, if you didn't pay attention, well tough luck.(Note: I advise you play The Testament of Sherlock Holmes before playing Crimes and Punishments.  This game is a sequel but not to the storyline.  But some of the characters appear in both games.  It just helps make sense of certain characters.)"
,Not Recommended,241260,12519128,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Baal,"I purchased this game in a bundle with The Testament of Sherlock Holmes.  After playing through the testament, I was very pleased with the experience.  The puzzles were varied and thought provoking, and aside from the occasional ""hunt awkward item that is not easily found"" problem that comes with most adventure games of this ilk, I very much enjoyed the experience.  What impressed me most in that game was the overarching storyline.Sadly, this was not the case for Crimes and Punishments.  The puzzles were overly easy, the overarching storyline was all but nonexistent, with some hint of it during the first case and the only other thought of it at the very end of the last case.  The puzzles weren't that impressive.  Whereas in the testament every lock was a different puzzle, in this game every lock was the same mini game.  The entire game held your hand, providing you with icons for when to use different modes (imagination or heightened senses).  I became actually very bored halfway through the second to last case, and that boredom continued on.  I had hoped that I was simply playing a bunch of opening cases before I got to the meats and bones of the game, with a drawn out series of cases that didn't hold your hand.  Overall, I was very disappointed in this game.  The graphics and sounds were amazing, but that is all.  If you enjoy adventure games with a lot of mind twisting puzzles and an interesting storyline that carries through the entire game, this is not it."
,Recommended,241260,16582765,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BYEBYE Farmskins.com,"Great game. It isnt as difficult as you would think a Sherlock Holmes game would be. Having owned the previous one. Its full of mini games. Watson (me) is a lot more usefull than previously lol, And as always theres a nice variety of Victorian Era scenery."
,Recommended,241260,12403976,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,-/EDF/-Sarge,"I have just finished the last case and I must say: this is my Game of the Year so far! This game really impressed me.To be honest, I haven't played much of the other Sherlock Holmes game yet (I'll do so soon) so I cannot compare this to its prequels. So I simply say what I think of this game standing on its own.The typical adventure elements (combining items, etc.) are reduced, it's all about the case and how you proceed. Finding clues, talking to people, doing experiments to test theories, check your archives - that's all you do in order to solve the case.There are six different cases in total which are not connected, although there is a small side story line that will resolve in the finale (Don't worry, I won't spoil more) You play as Sherlock, occasionally as Dr. Watson and as their dog Toby.Each case has its own unique characters, its own story and background information. From Baker Street to Scotland Yard and the crime scenes you  visit a lot of different locations which are all very well designed. This game sure has one of the best level designs I've ever seen - you really feel the heart the developers put in each location. The character design is outstanding as well - just look at the faces. Choosing Unreal Engine 3 was the right decision.Well, what else to say? If you like adventure games, cinematic games like TellTale's games (The Walking Dead, Wolf among us) with more actual gameplay and logical thinking this game is just meant for you. As a Sherlock Holmes fan this is a must-buy game anyway.It is elementary to buy this game I'd say!"
,Recommended,241260,12396761,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,HalfDead,"Fantastic story, excellent writing, entertaining puzzles, great pacing, solid graphics. I can't find a single negative point about this game."
,Recommended,241260,23626530,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Enbarr,"A must for Sherlock fans. As an avid reader and fanboy of Sir Arthur himself. This game has been a pleasure to play. Although not perfect, Crimes and Punishment offers a engaging detective game with mutiple conclusions to each case. As it should be, as murder cases should not be as straightforward like in most other detective games. What makes this game stand out from the other crime solvers is that YOU must figure who did it and why. There are muiltiple suspects in each case, all with good reason and evidence to suggest they did it. once you believe you found the true culprit, you can then choose to CONDEMN or ABSOLVE them.Do you believe that cold blooded murderers deserve to get hanged? Or do you feel sorry for them and just give them a slap on the wrist and tell them not to do it again? Its a purely moral choice and its up to you.Don't worry though, its not hard. if you pay attention and use a bit of logic, it should be easy to deduce who did it.Pros:+6 cases, all based on original Doyle works, but changed around to fit theme and story. No overarching plot. Purely episodic.+Easy to use UI. The journal is easy to navigate and the deduction menu is the most interesting part of the game.+Heavily detailed environments to explore. Good use of the unreal 3 engine. Atmosphere is good at times. Areas sometimes a bit lacking but cool to navigate.+Classic Sherlock. This is Sherlock through and through, Eccentric and cunning. Awkward but stern. A cold hearted detective with near no emotion but a brillant mind in deduction nonetheless. Solves crime his own way, even to break the law himself, and causes Watson to be baffled by his nonsense. Get inside the mind of a rather dark character.+Mutiple suspects means mutiple conclusions. You have to find out and choose who did it.Cons:- Can be poorly optimised at times. framedrops and occasional freezing happens sometimes. But not too much to interupt gameplay.- Cases are too relaxing. There is no tension whatsoever. It seems though that after a murder happened, everyone sitsback and relaxes. Even Sherlock and Watson seem like their really on holiday instead of solving a murder.-Visual options on launcher instead of in game.-No fov slider. Narrow fov can be dizzy to some. I got used to it quick, but I do wish it can be wider.-Annoying mouse acceleration. My camera can spazz out and sometimes it hard to precisely control my camera.-Useless 3rd-person camera. I always used the 1st-person view. You need to looking close for clues.-Watson can you get out of my way! Watson can block you in doorways. Hitboxes awkwardly made.-Some cases are too short.-In game puzzles are too simple and straightforward. however, I really don't mind, all i care about is finding clues and solving the case. I don't care about a matching game or a lockpicking minigame.Despite its flaws, its a game worthy of the Holmes name itself. The gameplay is quite solid, allowing you to collect clues and deduce, but doesn't give too much away to make it too obvious. Makes you think."
,Recommended,241260,24314658,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,sevter,"Recommended...with reservations. SH:C&P is a great casual detective game. However, it's a terrible Sherlock Holmes game.THE BAD FIRSTAs a major Holmes fan (of both the original books and the new series), I was terribly disappointed by the out-of-character portrayal of Holmes and by the lack of true detective work that you need to do in this game. Clues are practically spoon fed to you on every case and the conclusion can be terribly obvious for certain cases, not requiring much brainwork. Not much world-building as you are confined to certain sets and there's not much character-building as well - they're all fairly cookie-cutter.THE GOODDon't play this as a Sherlock Holmes game. Play this as a casual detective game with Sherlockian elements and you won't be disappointed. Kudos for good attempts at building atmosphere and decent storylines (with great voice acting). The series of mini-games in multiple cases keeps you from  becoming bored and allows you to break the game in parts without losing your place in it. You do have to use *some* effort to reach the correct conclusion for all six cases, though it's not up to Sherlock Holmes standard. Looking back at the end of the game, after I tempered my expectations, I did actually enjoy the gameplay a lot.[Bought during Steam Summer Sale for $15]"
,Recommended,241260,29314617,Posted: 17 January,all,Capt. Bollocks,The best Sherlock Holmes game i've played.  Doesn't spoon feed you the answers and let's you gather the clues and make your own decisions about who are the perpetrators.  Each story is unique and has a real mystery to each case that makes them worthy of Sherlock Holmes.Highly recommended for Detective and/or Mystery fans!
,Recommended,241260,12441161,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,[TDA] Lo3alex,"This is just the clear difinition, of a well made Sherlock Holmes game. Far the best Shelock Holmes game I've ever played. The puzzles in this game are ingenious, the mechanics are really good, the clues to the cases quite subtle, and as a bonus there are quite alot of ways to conclude the cases but only one of them is actually true. As a Sherlock fan I can highly recommend this game to everyone that likes adventure, mystery, alot of puzzles and obscure gentleman humor. Vox populi vox dei!Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,241260,12420997,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,kirtanloorii,"Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments was my fifth Sherlock Holmes game. One of the first things that I noticed about this game was the new engine. It is beautiful and mostly smooth (with slight stuttering). It is much more demanding in terms of resources. I have an Intel i7 4770k and an Nvidia GTX 660 OC. The only real time it would stutter would be during some cutscenes. Other than that, it worked perfectly. Although, I will note that there are few options for video settings.I found the gameplay to be fun. You mostly look around a particular area, waiting for the prompt to pop up, indicating a clue. I know that sounds a little too easy, but the challenge comes when you attempt to build your case through the deduction system. It is important that you pay attention to what a suspect says because some clues are not recorded. It is up to you to remember it. This is important, because when you attempt to build a case through the deduction system, there are some clues that have more than one branching possiblilty. So, you cannot rely entirely off of the game deduction system, but rather you need to do some deductions of your own. This is common when you hear testimony from multiple people who offer contradicting stories.In this game, it is possible to punish someone who is completely innocent, although you won't know it at the time. This forces you to actually pay attention to every small detail. Sherlock will not hold your hand in this game. It gets more interesting when you consider the fact that it is also possible to convict the right suspect, but be wrong about how he committed the crime. This happened to me once, but I was right about the other five cases. But at least I never convicted someone who was innocent.Another thing that I loved about this game is the freedom that is offered to you. You can use a fast travel system to go to any place that is relevent to the case at any time. Do you think you might have missed something? Then go back. Sherlock will not tell you that you missed something, adding to the feel of performing your own investigation.All in all, I would say that I really liked this game. It does not have a grand plot, as all six cases are unrelated, but the story that is there and the acting is good. For a Sherlock Holmes game, that is. I don't feel that I can go into any more detail without giving it all away, so I say pick this game up when you get a chance. It took me about 12-13 hours to complete, with cases being around 2-3 hours each.8.5/10"
76561198253561535,Recommended,241260,25192252,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ikari Yume,"I wish they would do more chapters, this is the kind of game that could have DLC's, or extensions has more cases. One of my favs of Sherlock's series."
,Recommended,241260,12829177,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Grum,"Bought this a few days ago, massive massive fan of Sherlock Holmes and didn't even notice that this game was out until a few days ago. Bought it immediately and love it so far! Love the character portraits you do and the style in which you do them (similar to the Sherlock BBC series in terms of editing). The London Baths case took an eternity to do near the end but it was good being challenged. GREAT graphics and a 10/10 for me."
,Recommended,241260,12379103,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Scartooooooo!,"Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments(All of this are my personal thoughts on the game, keep in mind that other people that have played the game may disagree with me.)I first saw this game through a video of the Youtuber Dodger, member of Polaris and was immediately fascinated by its mechanics and wanted to play it myself.I don't have to say that this is a game about investigating crimes as Sherlock Holmes.The mechanics that fascinated me are the Deduction space, the Imagination mode and the Sherlock Talent.The Deduction space is a screen where all your clues and thoughts can be combine together to obtain a deduction that will help you reach a conclusion for the case. There are multiple conclusions to the cases which only one is the correct one. When you chose a conclusion you get to select a moral choice that is either condemn or absolve the culprit.The Imagination mode lets you reconstruct an event that happened in the scene, it contains a minigame where you choose the order of events.The Sherlock Talent is a mode where you can notice stuff that normally you can't, it's only a way to let you obtain new clues simulating the fact that Sherlock don't overlook anything and see every detail that the police miss.There's only a bad thing about these modes: the game tells you exactly in which area you should use them, making the game quite easy. I know that lots of people is going to be upset about this.Of course in the game you get to interrogate witnesses and suspects and when you do you get to analyze them and find information about them that you can, occasionally, use against them if they lie. This was pretty cool too.I loved the characters of the game, especially Sherlock. The cases are curious, but if you're looking for a deep story you're not going to find it.You're often followed by your friend, Watson. Our doctor may be a nuisance, since he has the bad habit to follow you in every narrow path blocking your way if you decide to turn back. His AI goes offline in huge halls so you don't have to worry if you have to examinate stuff in big rooms.The game has minigames such as picking locks, examinating stuff, doing experiments and so forth. Some of them are really easy, other are ok and one is terrible ( the rope bridge ).Sadly the game is fairly easy and it's nearly impossible to get stuck, thinking what to do next, so the challenge drops a lot. That is unless I'm some sort of genius that gets all the puzzles quite fast, and somewhat I doubt that...I would have liked the game not holding my hand through all the game and offer me some more puzzles to solve, but for me was a enjoyable experience nonetheless.I reccomend this game if you enjoy Investigative games and like Sherlock Holmes."
,Recommended,241260,22189935,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Zombra,"I'm generally sour on adventure games, because the ""I'm stumped"" moments are always linked to having to guess some nonsensical way to proceed. Refreshingly,C&Pdoesn't hide any of the process from you; it's a slow accumulation of clues, associated by deduction to arrive at conclusions. To me this is the pure essence of what a detective game should be.The puzzle sections, and yes, even the goofy ""best nose in London"" sequences where you play as a dog, are lightly sprinkled throughout and give a nice sense of pacing. None of them are very hard, but they are good speed bumps to break up what would otherwise be unbroken walls of text and conversation. These sections are always at least marginally sensible, and make me feel like I'm doing something to earn my clues ... even when it's a straightforward series of operations like ""pick up eyedropper, drop acid onto metal, observe results"". Some of them are bona fide puzzles requiring moderately crunchy brain work, but if you are looking for hardcore gameplay challenges, this may not be for you.The really wonderful thing about the game is that the deduction system lets you be wrong. There's no mechanical penalty whatsoever to screwing up - you can finish the whole game and never get a right answer. The game provides numerous red herrings and false conclusions to pursue, and if you're simply bashing through like an action gamer, trying to ""win"" as quickly as possible, you probably will ... and you'll probably be wrong. As you collect the clues, though, you are given a great deal of ""soft"" information that will lead you to the correct solution. It's demanding my attention in a way no game has before. You will find enough evidence to reach a conclusion; it is probable, though not guaranteed, that you'll accumulate all available clues, and by testing deductive permutations, unlock all available solutions ... but even then, arriving at the correct one requires thoughtful consideration.If Frogwares keeps this system for future games, they've earned a new regular customer."
76561197973717848,Recommended,241260,33102189,Posted: 1 July,all,george_cr,"Good game. But only buy this game if you have enough patience and time. Or if you don't mind splitting a case over several gaming sessions. If you want to complete a case in a spare hour or so you may want to reconsider. Maybe it's because i'm not the best/smartest player, but the cases took me several hours each. I loved LA Noire and wanted something like that game, but those cases were a lot shorter."
76561198055576170,Recommended,241260,15159265,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,apatrainingltd,"Ive played several SH games and this is easily the best. I love the improved graphics and game play, particularly the abilty to examine the suspects via  the close up eye.It's not an action fast paced thriller but an ideal slower paced more thoughtful game , to break up the kill and run games. Has my vote - more please"
,Recommended,241260,21172345,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Orthodoctus,"One of the best Sherlock Holmes games around, and the best gameplay-wise. The deduction system is just brilliant. You can actually solve all the six cases wrong, or at least get the murder method wrong in some of the cases. They went easy on the puzzles this time and focused more on the cases themselves, which is a good decision, in my opinion.What's a little bit annoying though, is that each case has multiple suspects, and most of them have strong evidence against them, but mostly there's that little detail that gives the correct conclusion away, except for one case that was just convoluted. (Read below for more details. Expect spoilers, of course!)The Kew Gardens Drama nonsense:Why are the plants located at the syndicate when they never stole them? Margaret White placed them there? It seemed like random people could waltz in, place or remove three large plants from there with ease.The misleading recording description that flat out stated that she didn't leave the lab!Although she seemed like the probable accomplice, she had a lot of jewelry that she could sell for financial support. I remember Sherlock saying that it's worth a lot."
,Recommended,241260,23230042,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Take A Bow,"A fantastic detective game, I would say this game is just as fun as LA Noire. Interactive environments, solving cases that sometimes lead to more questions and segments. If you are looking for a game to shoot bad guys like LA Noire that isn't this game, this game requires patience, careful calculation about finding suspects and clues and sometimes it has a mini-game that allows you to throw things or even shoot things. There are some funny moments and one odd thing which is a telescope aimed at a window with an obese lady staring back smiling.9/10The only thing that's down is the annoying map that pops up constantly when you venture slightly out of the area."
76561197978695837,Recommended,241260,22539764,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,peanutman,"This episodic adventure game shines through its love for detail and fleshed out characters. 6 cases offer different very atmospheric environments and lots of well written dialogue. Cases are solved by collecting clues, questioning witnesses and suspects, and solving occasional puzzles (nothing too difficult) that are then combined in a ""clue screen"" that allows for different choices in conclusions, that finally add up to a (not necessarily correct) solving of the case.Beautiful graphics, great voice acting, highly detailed environments result in great immersion.Very recommended for fans of adventure games and gamers who like their stories, but not necessarily the gameplay, to be challenging."
,Recommended,241260,29031236,Posted: 5 January,all,Hermes,Very well made without bugs and so on. I liked most of the dialogues and the resemblance of Sherlock to Jeremy Brett the best actor for Sherlock Holmes ever.I was hoping for more options moves and choices player could make during the investigation.
76561198357826573,Recommended,241260,35045946,Posted: 18 September,all,target1983,"Very nice detective game. I liked soundtrack and graphics, bits of humor, and in general gameplay was quite enjoyable. Cases were fun, I especially liked vanished train and golden knife cases. There are some puzzles which looked to me a bit annoying, but it was possible to skip them. Some investigation methods were rather weird and some characters could be written a bit better. I would recommend this game to all who likes investigation games."
76561197998504701,Recommended,241260,23663513,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,General Nate,"Outstanding adventure game. My only minor complaint was the speed of Sherlock  running around, as it was quite slow at times. However, the mysteries and puzzles more than make up for such a minor issue."
,Recommended,241260,29335937,Posted: 18 January,all,McDohl,The best title from all Sherlock games.
76561198064237812,Recommended,241260,12977853,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,draithLord,"8.5/10Pros-voice actingsound workvisuals to an extent (Toby doesn't look quite right)case storiespuzzlesmini gamesinteresting real world facts in some casesimagination modecons-load times = long wait times for travelinga lot of back and forth traveling, which wouldn't be so bad except for the load timesbeing forced to use the detection ability, even when some clues are pretty obviousrepetative use of the lock picking mini gameMycroft is an annoying, egotistical, preachy, self entitled, judgemental, rude, butt.On one case, my decision at the end was entirely influenced by my desire to say f-u to Mycroft.I own the Sherlock Holmes collection and have played Nemesis, Jack the Ripper, and Testament so far. All of which I have enjoyed. I was really looking forward to Crimes and Punishments and immediately bought it once it was released.I can happily say I do not regret this decision.Another person commented that ""the whole game plays like Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's 'The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes'"" and with that I can agree. None of the cases are solidly connected with an over arching plot, but there are some slight connections and references here and there. Including some throwbacks to the older games.The quick time events are actually well incorperated in my opinion, and come at relatively appropriate times. They really help to add to the feeling of using Sherlock's skills.The cases are enjoyable and some have large deduction trees, which makes for an even more fun final conclusion. Sometimes you can gather enough clues and evidence to make an immediate deduction, but without all the evidence, there is a possibility that deduction might be wrong.I think I would have enjoyed being able to play as Toby a little more. I also feel the disguise system was under utilized and somewhat limited in the promised freedom of choice.Lastly, I agree with Watson. Fyodor Dostoyevsky's ""Crime and Punishment"" was a very hard book to understand. It took me almost 6 months to finish it and that was because near the end, I dreaded having to pick up the book.Also, Mycroft is an♥♥♥♥♥and he insulted me personally with what he said to Watson about understanding the book."
,Recommended,241260,13522034,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Wallis,"Overall - recommendationGraphics - good. Maybe my expectations were just lowered but it's a genuinely pretty game with a strong art style. I particularly like the attention to faces. Also the first person mode means that you feel a lot more immersed in the world.Writing - solid. If you're a fan of the stories you'll enjoy the mysteries here as they're not only pretty interesting in their own write, but they also feel very much like something Doyle would have written himself.Mechanics - fun. They can feel a touch contrived at times (press F for imagination) but they're free flowing enough to make you feel like a detective. It's worth emphasising that for the most part the mechanics compliment your own thinking and puzzle solving, rather than just doing it all for you.Misc - voice acting is.... peculiar, it is often wooden, and over affected. The game would benefit massively from more talented voice actors, especially because you have to listen to people talk so much. It's not game ruining, but it feels like a missed opportunity for a game that works so hard to immerse you in its world. For the most part, it's not game ruining, but it damages the game's otherwise strong effort at immersion.Final thoughts - Fancy a story driven game? But you're bored of shooting people in deserts/sewers/deserted cities? Yet you still want the good graphics and immersive perspective typical of the AAA genres? This is a good choice. Especially if you're a fan of Holmes."
76561198025736132,Recommended,241260,12418297,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sam,"Now *this* is a detective game! Unlike many others in the genre, there are multiple paths. (That said, Tex Murphy is a gem as well with multiple paths.) In this game, you find the clues, but it's up to you to deduce who is guilty, or even if multiple people conspired together, based upon the raw facts in the case! I haven't completed it, but I hear there are 6 different cases, and there is replayability to try to second guess what you thought was the truth. There is also an option to find out at the end of each case whether you found all the clues, and whether you made the right deduction (just a yes/no...the game won't tell you what the right deduction was if you got it wrong). Very clever!"
76561198118313514,Recommended,241260,23615111,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,SeaCat2401,"I am a big fan of Sherlock Holmes stories since my childhood and an actual admirer of SH Games series. I just couldn't overlook ""Crimes & Punishments""!Although, I'd like to notice that some moments and endings of recent games can seem both very deep and bright... and disturbing for some people (I mean, when you're not so sure if you can agree with it as a part of one big story of Sherlock Holmes' life). However, I always liked it how these games were developed. I would bought this game anyways - and, honestly, I don't feel sorry for spending time with this game."
,Recommended,241260,24033424,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Adólphús,"After a good long while of meaning to play this game, I finally got around to it - and it did not disappoint. First off, the gameplay elements.Crimes and Punishments is my second Sherlock Holmes game by Frogware and it is a vast improvement on The Awakened. Splitting the game up into six self contained cases rather than one big case was a brilliant idea - you can complete each case in a few hours play, say an evening. This makes the game easy to pick up and drop as you feel like playing as there is no requirement to remember all the previous hours of game play. Your case book is also a lot better organised and is easy to use, indicating where you need to further investigate a clue. The deductions screen is also very cool, and there are no penalties for making a wrong choice at this stage which is useful for when things get a bit ambiguous (The railway and roman bath cases spring to mind!)Playing in 3rd person, while allowing you to get a good look at the entire scene, makes it a bit more difficult to pinpoint those 'clues'. I played the first 2 cases entirely in 3rd person and switched to 1st in the 3rd case. I found it a lot easier to spot things in 1st person.Annoyingly, sometimes you must find or deduce things in the 'correct order' before the game will allow you to continue. I suppose this comes down to the fact that as the player we can see things we might need (by nature of the fact we're playing a mystery game and know we'll need to work around problems) before Sherlock himself realises he needs them. This isn't too much of a problem, if not slightly irritating at first. Just try to think like you're really in the situation, not playing a game.I only found one of the cases (Kew Gardens, the 5th case) to be a tedious, though it's ending was by far one of the more interesting ones so it gained back some brownie points for that.This game suffers slightly from the mistake of Awakened where Sherlock often makes medical assumptions/observations when Watson is right there - as someone who dislikes the 'bumbling idiot' portrayal of Watson this wound me up when it happened but it didn't impact much on my experience except for passing annoyance.On the hardware side, the game has ages okay. The graphics hold up fairly well, the controls are a little clunky but fine once you get used to them. I'm not sure why, but I experienced lag throughout the game when I have a machine capable of running current (2016) AAA titles. I experienced the same problem with The Awakened which is even older so maybe it's steam's ports or Frogware's engine but something to keep in mind if the occassional jitter is something that would bother you.All in all, I'd give this game a solid 7/10 in today's market. Enjoyable, and definitely worth the price if you can get it on sale like I did. Good for a few evenings entertainment and has replay value in solving each case with the alternate ending to what you picked the first time."
76561198017040995,Recommended,241260,23971135,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Daruud,"'Elementary'And not a modern reboot-style game. They stay true to Arthur Conan Doyle's characters and gives us a game of wonderful suspense and immersion. You will lose yourself in Sherlocks world, and sit on the edge of your seat as you work the cases with your ""superhuman"" detective skills.A deduct system enables you to keep track of and connect the different clues you discover in a case, and can be combined to create different theories about who the culprit might be.Really interesting gameplay with a great feel to it.The good old Eccentric Sherlock - Skeptical Watson chemistry is also very present."
,Recommended,241260,31905162,Posted: 22 May,all,Sidi-π,"Such an incredible and brain stimulating point and click game! I thoughrogly enjoyed playing through this game. Each case has its own charm. The Blood Bath case is exceptional in terms of connecting the dots. The Kew Gardens Drama case also shows one of the best deductions in the case.I loved the deductions part where all the clues need to be associated and it creates a map in the form of brain neurons to draw conclusions! It gives an excellent touch to solving the cases once all the clues and evidence has been collected.Even though the stories are not exactly like in the book, but they most certainly do justice to Sherlock Holmes and his character."
76561198080475277,Recommended,241260,28914698,Posted: 1 January,all,Cannash,Best adventure game I've played in a while. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,241260,16843938,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,~♥Lewy♥~,"First off.... I will say that the load times are WAY too long. Quite often in each chapter you will be treveling between each area at least 15+ times which combined can take up a hell of alot of time.Aside from that this game is very fun to play if you are familliar with the other Sherlock Holmes games. I highly recommend it though there isnt really any great build-up to the end like in the last game, just case after case with a tiny moral choice at the end....it is in a way very minor sequel bait.I also got to mention that its great to finally have a choice in the case of who is the guilty party, you can in fact arrest the wrong person/people so dont take the deduction board for granted when it seems like things match up. You can go back if you made a wrong choice though so dont worry. The puzzles/minigames while solving cases can sometimes be a literal pain in the butt, like the time where you got to arm-wrestle a geezer which was not fun :c But its nice of the developers to allow you to skip every single one of the puzzles/events though you will not get the achivment if you do this.Overall this game is really pretty and fun to play...just the loading times being a literal nightmare brings it down a bit but I recommend this game if you are a patient person."
76561197988531103,Recommended,241260,12433413,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Nehellenia,"This was the most beautiful one yet of the Sherlock Holmes games.Sadly also the least challenging.It felt like I was just along for the ride as Sherlock solved everything by himself, and my main choice was to agree or not agree with his deductions. I loved the customization option, but it would have been more fun if it was unlocked throughout the game and not only ""the right disguise"" for that time.A worthy experience for fans, though you hardly need much brainpower. The controls did not feel natural to me, felt like I was lugging a corpse around really. Oh and Watson is always in the way! With the added personality of a tired fat toad he makes you wanna punch him in the face.My feelings are mixed on this one, but I still reccomend it. Its gorgous and its Sherlock innit!"
,Recommended,241260,12780895,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Demeno,"This is the first game ever to make me actually want to buy a DLC (Which I don't know exists).The graphics are beautiful, and gameplay's great, if a little easy at times.I really like the new deduction mechanic, and the new profiling mechanic.The cases are interesting and varied, and feel like they naturally belong in a ""Sherlock Holmes world"".Figuring out the conclusion of every case is very nice because it makes sure you don't just click around without actually understanding what's going on. Some of the cases are harder than others, sometimes the conclusion is pretty obvious and sometimes it's really hard to figure out, I got it wrong in one of the 6 cases. I like that the possible conclusions keep changing with new evidence.Would have been more challenging if you had to pick which item to use when you need ""an object of interest"" instead of the game just giving you the right option. Also would have been more challenging if the game didn't tell you when to use the ""Sherlock Talent"" and the ""Sherlock Imagination"" abilities.The environments are beautiful, would have loved to try this in VR. I spent some of the time just looking around and enjoying the scenery. Voice acting is very nice in my opinion; a historian friend of mine noted that Sherlock's accent didn't sound right, but I had no problem with it.Overall a very fun experience for me, I enjoy games that make you think, and this is much better than just a regular adventure game. Would love to play many more cases, but the game is definitely worth buying ""just"" for those 6, every case is more than an hour of very interesting content."
76561198024179463,Recommended,241260,12858297,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,kokmaister,"TL;DR: A strong recommendation. Might not be everyone's cup of tea, but especially for any Sherlock Holmes fan out there, this shouldn't be missed.Longer one:The best one in the series. Frogwares has really managed to capture the oldschool holmes vibe and once again did something a bit different to break their formula - something I respect a lot. The production values have also gone up a notch once again, as did the writing of the cases. I also really, REALLY liked the deduction space in this one and the possibility to do totally wrong deductions and even accuse the false party (something I also enjoyed a lot in for example LA Noire). This one wasn't that much about the puzzles, but really capturing the essence of Holmes. It's easy to see how much the team loves the title character (and I also bet the old BBC adaptation of the Holmes cases :) ).The ONLY real nag from me is the hand holding nature of the ""inspector-mode"". Why on Earth have they decided to not put the hinting icon for switching into inspector-mode (and re-enactment also) as an OPTION, in beyond my understanding. IMO this game would've been even better, if that could've been turned off and let for the player to figure out when to use it.Can't wait the next one in the series, as Frogwares have better themselves on every instalment."
76561197979875574,Recommended,241260,24888497,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Fantoche Dreemurr,"The definitive Sherlock Holmes experience, without a doubt.This game plays like an episodic serie, where cases are seemingly unrelated to one another..  and by the end, the cases themselves aren't, the ""main"" story is apparently one you barely notice.  Each of the six cases will take from two to 3 hours to complete and is completely unique.  Besides Sherlock's appartment and Scotland Yard, every location is its own theme, music, the attention to detail to the level I cannot remember in another game before or since.Gameplay :  Like in the previous installments of the serie, you can switch between third and first person views.  This is strictly up to preferences but I found that third person view was easier to notice details..  but then again I played the last game, Testament, on first, so whichever feels more comfortable to you.  There are still mini games and puzzles but they come far more naturally than those of the previous title from the serie.  There are fewer of them too, as the focus is on investigations instead of pulling your hair trying to understand how to solve a specific puzzle.Presentation :  Unlike the previous titles where you simply need to put one piece after the other, this game is all about deductions.  You could even be wrong and still ""win"" your case.  You need to put logical deductions.  Hey that guy was found with the murder weapon and hated the victim.  Here's why he's guilty.  Did he actually do it?  Now that's your job, mister.  There are even cases where you can quickly tell who's guilty but you can't prove it.  The Gardens case was my favorite because the murder was so clever it was a genuine challenge.Humor :  Yes, anyone who actually bothered reading or watching old Sherlock series know that Sherlock is a massive jerk and the gentleman is Watson.  There is a dry humor permeating the whole game.  For example, Toby, the valiant dog, is present in Sherlock's appartment and in every case, does something canine...  snacking on Watson's tennis shoes, eating his latest essay..  the great detective doesn't miss commenting on these.Music :  Atmospheric, nice and barely noticeable.  The sounds are all spot on, little birds chirping outside in the yard, people bickering near the streets, the score isn't epic but it does its job.Graphics :  When was the last time you played a game and thought it didn't just look good, it was beautiful?  The character models are simply amazing.  Even the loading screens were attractive, where Sherlock would read a book, you'd see the appropriate scenery nearby, if Toby's there he'll he on a seat.  You're even encouraged to check your notes during loading.What could have been better?  Well, there are very cool ""imagination"" and ""instinct"" parts where you need to piece things and notice details others have missed.  They're amazing and fun but the game always tells you when you start using these.  I would have liked an option to turn these off to find them myself...  but at the same time, the stages are so large and these are used once, sometimes twice per episodes, it might have been really frustrating...Verdict :  96%.  Highly recommended for any fans of detective work and a must have for Sherlock fans!"
76561198054584170,Recommended,241260,29880030,Posted: 12 February,all,Myslibora,"Thoroughly entertaining, even for someone who is not a Sherlock fan!"
,Recommended,241260,16673594,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jay,"After finishing the game, I believe Sherlock Holmes: Crimes & Punishments to be the greatest detective game to date. It feels like an authentic Conan Doyle -written Holmes experience; the setting looks fantastic, the music lifts the atmosphere, the voice acting is convincing, and before all else, the cases are unique and intriguing.The gameplay consists of three different main parts: finding clues, interrogating suspects and questioning witnesses, and deducing the solution to the case from all gathered information. The game very generously helps with the first two parts, and you can always check Holmes' notebook to see what to do next in case you forget.Finding the clues is for the most part fun: altough the game follows point & click traditions, finding objects isn't a tedious pixel hunt, everything you can interact with is clearly higlighted when you are close enough to them. There is a plenty of minigames and puzzles, and while for example doing chemical experiments is fun and interesting, the lockpicking does get old by the end of the game.The interrogation and questioning is mostly quite straightforward, but whenever meeting a new person of interest you can stop time and observe minute details about the person, such as a missing wedding band or a peculiar tattoo. These details make up a profile of the person, and after a while you start to piece together the persons background in your own mind, as Holmes would do.The last part is in my opinion the most interesting one in the game. All the facts about the case are laid out in front of the player, and there are many different possible solutions to the case, but it is up to the player to figure out how things actually happened. After coming to a conclusion the player still has a choice: to either condemn or absolve the culprit(s). In one case in particular I had a lot of trouble with this moral choice, and still don't know if what I did was the right thing to do, which wonderfully highlights the games theme of morality.In conclusion, no other game has made me use my brain for deduction as well as Crimes & Punishments. It truly made me think, really use that gray matter of mine. While suffering from a few less than stellar minigames here and there, the rest of the game, especially the deducing, shines so brightly that those few misshaps can easily be forgiven. I fully recommend this game to anyone that is interested in detective stories, and having their deductive powers tested, or just about anyone in need of a polished game that excells at what it does."
76561197980299264,Recommended,241260,16951404,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Slayer3DN,"I was just in the mood for Sherlock one day and started reading the books as I had not read any of them since school. About a week after that I noticed this game on sale and I thought I'd give it a try..... Initially, I was a bit taken back by the minimalist approach but as the game went on it became something I not only understand but totally love. It has this ""wide linear"" feel about the whole game that keeps you focused on the task at hand while also giving you a relative amount of freedom. Definately a refreshing game if you have been playing ""quick twitch, headshot, find next target"" type games and want something different. Overall, this game is one that should not be missed by anyone who has read, watched, or listened any Sherlock Holmes related story before. Even if not, this game is a great entry point into Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson's adventures.9/10"
76561198157956713,Recommended,241260,30323899,Posted: 4 March,all,**Uncle Bob**,I loved it. great detective game. I got it for £10 in a sale. well worth it.
76561198074329991,Recommended,241260,23189263,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Fuct,Cool game with interesting puzzles. Each case was a good length although a possibly a little too long to do one in a single play session if you don't have much time to spare.One thing that did irk me a little was the loading screens between areas were a bit on the long side.As an aside; weirdly the pause menu made my graphics card temp skyrocket.
76561198051250143,Recommended,241260,23528853,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,AndaliteBandit,"I'm an avid player of mystery games, and liked my first experience with this series despite odd logic, questionable voice acting and meme-worthy Creepy Watson. It really grew on me, so I gave this one a go. It started slow, but having just reached the conclusion of this installment:♥♥♥♥ing incredible.This game gave me my very favorite iteration of Holmes, even if their Watson borders too much on a Dumb as Toast incarnation. The narrative, while irritatingly episodic at times because that is it's nature, was very solidly united thematically. The settings had me in awe, and one of them (the frigidarium) replaced longstanding Mad Max artwork as my desktop background; that's right, it's so pretty i want to look at itevery damn day.This game inspired me to write my first review and I have had to stop myself from talking about it to my coworkers because I'm still trying to fool them into thinking I'm a regular person and not one who composes long essays in my head comparing the finer pointsCrime and Punishmentto, well, this.The puzzles are challenging but not so much that I had to skip any, I found myself staying well past the completion of the puzzles and case just to take in the scenery and the details put into this game. so many nods and hysterical moments for fans of other Sherlock incarnations, you can tell this was made by people who love the stories, the characters (except maybe Watson, give him some brain cells), and criminology. Yes, there are a few glitches and Watson always seems to know how to be in the way, but I'm still going to force my friends to try it out. Literally just bought the newest Sherlock game without it even being on sale right after finishing this one."
,Recommended,241260,12514656,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,-=HBW=-HiradGorgoroth,"it's a really good sherlock game , way better than ones out there ... I kinda felt that sherlock is not getting the attention he deserves but this game showed otherwisethe only bad thing is that , this game came out at the wrong time ... so many hype games got released at OCT 2014 , like Alien isolation and Shadow of Mordor  so many people did not notice it ... I totally recommend it"
,Recommended,241260,12397611,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,I couldn't have asked for a better Sherlock Holmes game. They just keep on getting better and better. Frogware have done a great job as usual. The cases always made me invested. This game can easily be seen as linear in the way cases are solved but at least the moral choices make it different for each experience. I don't think it is a perfect game but it was great nonetheless.
,Recommended,241260,12450313,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,100% GERMAN POWER,"My rating: 8.5/10This game is beautiful and has far exceeded my standards. I expected a game that only involved looking at the environments to gather clues, maybe aska few questions here and there. Oh what am I saying, this is SHERLOCK HOLMES the game!Pros:Ranging from reenacting the scene using Sherlock's imagination, looking into the very fine details of objects, the gameplay is fantastic. It showed me how the mind of the world's greatest detective works, and now I can understand why some of the demands he makes can be eccentric, and yet is actually part of the research that is required. it is extremely amusing to see Watson struggling to catch up with Sherlock and sometimes he finds Sherlock absurd, and the interactions between him and Sherlock definitely made me laugh aloud a few times.What astounded me the most were the character portraits, whereby you observe the details of the person that you are currently talking to to get his/her background. It strongly resembles the way Sherlock in the BBC TV series observes people.The mini-games, or puzzles to be exact, involve dabbling in a bit of chemistry, researching in your archives, and finding locations using your map. Even though it may sound boring in this review, they are both interesting and intriguing. You are given a choice to skip most of these puzzles, but more often than not, I never actually do, because such puzzles are actually unique and I have never came accross such mini games in all the time I play other games.This game shows you how Sherlock's mind works. How he processes and gains vital information from the littlest of things. From there, he does his deductions. Is it person A that murdered him or person B? Is it so sure that there is only one culprit? At some point in time, you will find that some deductions conflict with the others, and from there you must gather even more evidence to decide whether or not that deduction is accurate. The ultimate conclusion is up to you.You are also given moral choices at the end of each sequence. Are you an emphathiser or justice seeker? It is up to choose what fate you want to give to the culprit.Also, your gameplay is not limited to Sherlock and ONLY Sherlock. I will not say the rest due to spoilers.Cons:Voice acting - Voice acting can certainly improve. Although I find it rather alright at most points of the game, there are moments whereby I cringe at it.Reused default lines - Every time you talk to a police man... ""Mr Hooooolmes.""Invisible walls. Everywhere- This is not a sandbox game. You are expected to only walk around a certain area. Although I can understand, this disappointed me as there are parts whereby it looked like you can explore further, but then the map pops up whenever you go past a certain line, and your POV is suddenly switch 180 degrees around. Rather annoying and confusing at times.Watson not sufficiently involved in cases - Apart from 1 or 2 times whereby he was crucial to the storyline, he is pretty much useless most of the time. During cases I usually try to talk to him to gain some insights or his opinions, but most of the time he just gives me the default answers and follows me around. There is no difference whether or not he decides to accompany you on a case or not, because he doesn't do anything. Period. It would have been nice if he would give personal opinions like ""This suicide seems highly suspicious Mr Holmes."". Or if there were options where you could ask him to examine the victim and therefore give important clues as to how he died, which will then add on to the details that you gather from the autopsy. All these would have given him far more character.  But no. It doesn't work that way here.Overall, great game. I had a fun time finishing it. But I feel like it is only good for playing through once. Replaying it would be the last of my thought."
76561198053312574,Recommended,241260,16700201,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Siftben,"For this series of Sherlock Holmes,I like it more than ""The Testament Of Sherlock Holmes"" because it has more improved graphics and i like the gameplay because it's more better in my opinionHowever,the puzzles is more easier than ""The Testament Of Sherlock Holmes""So,if you like to solve some puzzles,I wouldn't Recommend this Game.But if you like Finding Clues and Investigate some Cases,I Would Recommend this Game,especially if you are a Fan of Detective Stories."
,Recommended,241260,30038933,Posted: 19 February,all,Astori Heichalot,"One of the hardest clue games I ever played (well, L.A Noire definately hardest of all)The story isn't even thrilling at all (for me that is), but it is deep and dramaticTook me sometime to actually finish the game, which I thought it was going to be easyFor me, the best aspect of this game is that it really pictures the character of Sherlock right from the novelnot recommended for a weak puzzle game player, unless a hardcore Sherlock fan"
76561198134366680,Recommended,241260,16799128,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Dimi,"Wonderful game.If you like Sherlock Holmes you will love this. Interesting cases, easy to medium level of puzzle difficulty, cool mechanics, great voices, ok music, beautiful graphics.The game does not let you miss clues and you will not get stuck in any puzzle. You don't need to overthink stuff and that means you never reach frustration levels. As a result, the game gets very enjoyable and makes you want to come back until you complete its 6 cases.Get it, especially if you enjoy Sherlock Holmes or adventure games that are not very hard.IMPORTANT: Play it in first person because its 3d person has very awkward controls.FOR THE DEVELOPERS: I am expecting a continuation. Improve on the already cool mechanics and your gameplay, find interesting stories to tell and you have gold on your hands."
,Recommended,241260,16368571,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BlackFish,"While gameplay can sometimes be summarized as ""hug every nook and cranny with mouse cursor"", there's a few puzzles here and there that make for some fun times.The real winner here is the eye candy. This probably the prettiest UE3 game you'll ever play. Get the game if only for that.I should note that the voice acting is superb."
76561198027887692,Recommended,241260,29236271,Posted: 13 January,all,Raging Squirrel,"My favourite game in the franchise so far, it has solid roots in the previous chapters but is improved in the overall gameplay, not to mention the graphics. The gameplay becomes more holmes-like since many deduction elements were included, and not having a locked course in solving the cases proves to be very enjoyable. There are less mindless puzzles, and it comes to be really appreciated. A must buy if you are into the genre or simply into Sherlock Holmes."
,Recommended,241260,29402255,Posted: 21 January,all,MiniDude,"Score8 / 10A great and wanted (personally) change for the Sherlock Holmes series.It does however take out the difficulty of the puzzles a tad to much, while i HATE some of the previous puzzles, they could have gone to a Medium instead of going from Hard to Easy. They did however substitute the lack of hard puzzles with the the conclusion puzzle where you have to puzzle together the events of the case. Best thing about this is that you may actually end up with the wrong conclusion (ofc you can replay the ending) and will be shown so at the end of each case. It also includes a moral choice that introduced a real brain ♥♥♥♥ in my head when i was the one to determine if i find the crime harsh enough to be hung or just serve jail time etc.It doesn't really have any bugs that i could find, but some annoyances like the at best medium quality mouth/voice animations, (sometimes seeming out of sync) though you quickly forget about it. More so the annoying horse in your right hear when at the Analytic table, where you may end up spending some time on puzzles, i ended up turning of 7.1 to rest my right ear lol. And more than else the FOV, which you cannot turn up at all and might make you a little dizzy with its narrow view.Some cases might be too simple but some actually requires you to think a little, ofc that might just be me. Some might find it all easy, and some really hard.Seems to be a lot of negative stuff i wrote, but it's a really great game, well deserving of your money!All i can say when facing the conclusions is the following..Remove your ""correct"" answer from your head, and pretend the ""wrong"" scenario is the only possible one. Is it as wrong as you thought, or does it suddenly seem like your previous correct answer, is now the wrong one?"
76561198116661491,Recommended,241260,31893951,Posted: 21 May,all,katwastaken,"I've had this in my library for a while and finally got around to finishing it.. I enjoyed it, maybe it was too easy in some parts though. The final deductions were kinda meh on a couple cases but its a good game overall. 9/10"
,Recommended,241260,31797706,Posted: 16 May,all,amberinoface,"Enjoyable, but I wish the load screens wouldn't take so long especially since you have to go back and forth from locations frequently."
,Recommended,241260,22342809,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Jinxed,"Relax and dive into quite England atmosphere acompanied with some mysteries and murders. This game will provide you with six cases. That means six well spent evenings.Best detective quest in last years, will look through telescope again."
,Recommended,241260,22578119,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,CosmicCommander,"An excellent adventure game. Each case is interesting, and the deduction system is really fun to use and play around with. The gameplay of searching around for clues does fall short in that you just need to walk up and interact with every interactable entity that you come across to gather all the evidence you need (which you'll know when every clickable thing has a green icon over it), but I enjoy the fun of the process. I look forward to the upcoming sequel a lot; six cases is a fair amount, but there's limited replayability so once you're done you probably won't get the same enjoyment from playing the same cases again unless you wait a year or so to play again."
,Recommended,241260,23137018,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Pauly,"I am a huuge fan of the Herlock Holmes Stories, so i had to get this game.Turns out, it was a good idea.in this game you will not only seaarch for clues and hunt criminals but also choose how to punish them. You can stick loyal to the law or follow your inner spirit.Sometimes it is really tought to make a decision.I was very sad when i finished the game and closed the last case, i hope there will be more games of this style coming."
,Recommended,241260,15688728,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,HimeJezabel,"I was worried I had overrated the game myself when I bought it on only a small discount, since I enjoy detective genre so much. Did enjoy the * hearts * out of this game.You play Sherlock Holmes in 1st or 3rd person depending on what you pick (can be changed with the push of a button). The full story has 6 cases, each independent. So independent the game deleted your save files when you move onto the next case. This is really only a problem if you missed some achievement on your first playthrough.I thought the game would have a clear answer to every case, but not so. You have to guesstimate from the clues you're found. You can then make a conclusion out of several possible clue-paths you want to go with. You -can- check if you're gone with the correct solution if you really need to and want the achievement for getting all right.There's also a moral-meter depending on if you want to condemn or absolve the murderer. Either way does not seem to matter for the game experience other than that the condemned/absolved person will write you a letter.You also have the option to not play a case through completely, just conclude with a few clues to end the case quickly, if you for some reason should choose to do so.Graphics are pretty decent, the environment looks amazing and the people look realistic enough to look like wax-figures, sound and music are decent and I liked all the voice actors for their roles.A few nuisances with ""GTFO MY WAY, WATSON"" as he's mostly always following you and if you walk in somewhere and re-decide and want out, Watson will be there blocking your way. If you run into him he will look surprised for a second, then slowly take one step back and you'll have to run into him again for another step back until you can move out. Luckily most areas where this might happen have two exits so you'll never be completely stuck, but the other exit will probably not be a shortcut.Achievement are easy to 100% though it might take you more than one playthrough unless you really tryhard with an achievement guide as you play.Replay value is low, though it does exist should you want to come to another conclusion to a case, because you need the achievements, or you want to♥♥♥♥♥♥off some suspects or Mycroft and read their letters afterwards.Important: HOLD SHIFT TO RUN. Took me too long to realize. Control maps are for noobs."
,Recommended,241260,16828692,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,WhiteClaudiaMk,"This is perhaps the only video game out there where you actually solve cases in your head as opposed to being told you solved it through the games' narrative. It allows for you to condemn the wrong suspect, making you feel like your choices do matter in a video game for once. There are obvious problems with it, like every other Frogwares game ever made. But, this is without question their best game to date, and probably the best detective game I've ever played."
76561198009242021,Recommended,241260,15599422,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,FinalGamer,"The latest from Frogwares' Sherlock Holmes series really raises the bar on the most famous detective in history.  Sherlock Holmes is back with six cases of varying lengths and complexity that are sure to tingle some neurons in people's brains in an all-new absolutely fantastic continuation of this particular game series.  With all-new recently-inspired gameplay ideas that add an even deeper level of intrigue, any fan of Sherlock would hate to miss this.As the brain of Baker Street himself, you must solve six cases all of which are unrelated and just another field day's work for Holmes from odd puzzles to figuring out people.  Whilst the puzzles are still tricky but much more well-designed on a level akin to Testaments' work, the forensic aspect of the game has jumped HUGELY in quality.Holmes can now gather clues from various places and even return back to original places to compare some new clues with old findings ranging from footprints in the mud to wheel tracks in the loch beach.  The game takes very clearly a lot of inspiration from LA Noire in terms of studying and investigating things which certainly works for its favour, allowing you to compile a bunch of clues in order to come to one of many conclusions.All six cases have several conclusions you can reach and judge for yourself on who the real killer is.  But only one conclusion is actually right and the game does allow you to either be confident in your conclusion, or actually tell you after everything's said and done if you made a mistake and would like to try again for a different conclusion.  It's surprisingly forgiving that way but also allowing you to come to your own sense of judgement.Another wonderful thing of the game is the new Sherlock Scan ability as I have unofficially named it stealing off from TV Tropes.  Taking blatant inspiration from the recent BBC series of Sherlock, you can now scan potential suspects of particular abnormalities that they exhibit allowing you to compile a portrait of them so you can gleam more information out of them.  This is fantastic and frankly the best thing in the entire game for true Holmesian fans.So let me just rundown the pile on the good and bad of the game.= Pros* First of all, the graphics look absolutely wonderful and well-nourished with a much better design on characters for a reason that will come up later.  Holmes looks less ""Sheldon Cooper"" than he did in Testaments and is a lot more elegantly handsome of a more true descript to the original design from the stories.  The environments are incredibly lush for Victorian London with much better lighting work than even the previous game.* The gameplay is absolutely fantastic, completely rehauled to be quite different from Testaments but in a much more involving manner, giving you the feeling that you are doing just as much as YOU want to investigate.  You want to actually scan people, do so!  You want to bother going back to the crime scene to compare notes, go ahead!  There's very little the game actually forces you to do and in the end all that is driving you is your own sense of curiosity.  You can even finish the case quite shoddily without finding everything and still come to a conclusion (that may not be right) but the fact it has the freedom to let you, is quite impressive.* Puzzle skipping returns for those who are too taxed by some of the puzzles, but for me I never had a problem with any of them and I daresay they are better designed than even Testaments' ones were.= Cons* Unfortunately, despite the wonderful presentation of the game, none of the music is actually made for the game itself and has been taken largely from a free library courtesy of Kevin MacLeod.  Not that the music is any BAD, it's actually quite good and very fitting but the fact there is no real original music for the game just sours me a tiny bit as an enthusiast of videogame music.  But that is just a tiny smidge against the work of this game and really only something to nitpick.* The real problem I have with the game is the fact there is no overarching storyline.  All of the cases are individual and while they themselves are still interesting by themselves, there is not the same sort of interesting drive as the other games did when it was all one big case.  I speak only of this because, without going into too much detail, the PRETENCE of an overarching storyline is most egregious when it comes towards an ending.  And there is one, but it seems very out-of-nowhere and unrelated and not even really trying to connect to anything.  Which just makes me shrug wearily.Regardless of this, you should definitely buy this game if you appreciate Sherlock Holmes.  It's smooth, it's funny, it's incredibly deep in its gameplay possibility, there are a lot of outcomes you can take very easily, the puzzles are fantastic, the voicework is definitely a lot better than previous works and overall they just really keep raising up the bar as I said.  See for yourself what conclusions you come to, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,241260,12449466,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,andrudis,Exellent game! Looking for next game in this series...
,Recommended,241260,29516242,Posted: 26 January,all,Mr. Manifesto,"Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson went on a camping trip. After a good meal and a bottle of wine they lay down for the night, and went to sleep. Some hours later, Holmes awoke and nudged his faithful friend.""Watson, look up at the sky and tell me what you see.""Watson replied, ""I see millions and millions of stars.""""What does that tell you?"" Watson pondered for a minute.""Astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies and potentially billions of planets. Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo. Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three. Philosophically, I can see that universe is massive and that we are small and insignificant. Meteorologically, I suspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow. What does it tell you?”Holmes was silent for a minute, then spoke. ""Watson, someone has stolen our tent!"""
76561197980847018,Recommended,241260,12338356,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Vermillion,"The definative Sherlock Holmes experiance that has similarities to LA Noire though not as black and white and not as easy to guess the culprit.Playing as Holmes you must explore crimes scenes, talk to witnesses, use your keen eye to notice small details in people and the environment, and finally put it all together in a deduction mind game where you link the the facts and make an accusation.Not one crime is black and white and every crime has many suspects and modus operandi.One of the more harder cases has 3 prime suspects and 2 similar weapons but the different weapons change the way the crime went down drastically.I highly recommend this game to fans of Sherlock Holmes, adventure games and games that make you think heavily about decisions."
76561198017478989,Recommended,241260,12877023,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Sturmgeweiht,"This game is doing a great job at story telling. Every case feels unique and offers interesting and well-written dialogues and deduction phases. The character design and overall graphics are amazing. I really hope the creators will release a bunch of DLCs in the near future, so we can continue our investigations beyond the 10 hours of the original game in the Victorian London and the surrounding areas."
,Recommended,241260,23048448,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Slyphert,"This is just an amazing game, maybe the first one that I've played since I created my Steam account.Six cases that will make you think hard to solve, and very good graphics and gameplay.If you're a fan of this kind of game, solving puzzles and riddles, go for it, you absolutely won't regret it."
76561198049004458,Recommended,241260,23431911,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,PVT_PILE,Finished it in 13 hours not rushing. I enjoyed it. 13 hrs = maybe wait for it to be on sale. Keep in mind I do not regret the purchase.
,Recommended,241260,14537267,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Dr. McScience,"A really polished and fun Sherlock experience, probably the best in the series. The cases are episodic, like little short stories. This makes for new and interesting plot elements and characters throughout the game. Some of these locations really stand out, like the Roman Baths and Kew Gardens.Graphically, it's leagues above the Sherlock games that came before. The voice acting is quite good, and the character models are really quite nice; I only wish more time was put into the facial animation.The 'detecting' component is probably easier than the previous games, which is too bad. Finding clues tends to be fairly easy, and I had no trouble finding every clue for every case. Harder is putting the clues together to form a coherent theory. On at least two occassions, I accused the wrong person or deduced an incorrect method. You can choose how to punish (or not) the people involved in each case, though this has no bearing on the overall story arc.The puzzles are somewhat hit or miss. I didn't have to skip any, which suggests that they may be easier than previous games. At least one puzzle involving test tubes was overly frustrating, however. A lockpicking puzzle is reused multiple times, which begins to lose its appeal.I would recommend this game to Sherlock fans, and for those interested in a story-heavy, slower-paced, adventure game."
,Recommended,241260,17497807,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,[FoxHound] Sonic[guest],"""Here is the case that...didn't end as i was expecting..""This game is amazing!The story was really good and voice actors were really good!I think the sherlock voice actor suited for his role really well, and liked his voice as sherlock!I also like a lot of the Morale System what game has, like do i really have found all the clues?Is this the right person, is this the killer?And that do i arrest the suspect or do I give suspect on go free?It was always hard but it was rewarding.This game has lots and lots of puzzles, some of themn are really hard to undestand.Luckily game makers have put the skip option for it, which dont give you penalty for doing it(this will take the frustration element away)and yes game is slowpace, keep that mind.But still!I recomend this game to all! Who want to detective work!"
76561198035986784,Recommended,241260,33184656,Posted: 3 July,all,I instantly regret this.,"Fire up the calabash pipe, don your deerstalker and get detecting! This charming game gets it right, the atmosphere of a gaslit London, the cosy 221B Baker Street apartment, the cameraderie between Holmes and Watson, and much more.It's far from a fast paced game, it encourages you to take your time poring over clues, making deductions, and coming to conclusions. And when all's said and done and you've solved the case you're working on, you get to choose whether to absolve or condemn the suspect.I've given it one play through, and I'm sure I'll come back to it to find alternative endings.I think it is definitely worth the 50% discounted sale price, but I would hesitate to pay full price, even though it is a lovely game."
,Recommended,241260,13351512,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,isthisscience,"A huge improvement on Testament, feels far more like Holmes in gameplay, though Watson is still a bit of a hapless lapdog. The multi-case arc was really interesting and lent some variety and intrique. Hoping for some DLC."
76561198022182244,Recommended,241260,23363781,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Rogred,You ARE Sherlock Holmes.
76561198283562416,Recommended,241260,33556103,Posted: 15 July,all,The Godfather,Great game. 10 out of 10. I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,241260,12321192,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Daughter_exporter,"I bought this game along with the previous Sherlock games, A Testament to Sherlock Holmes. I really enjoyed the last game, and this game is more of the same but much more beautiful. The scenes in this game are magnificently beautiful, the people look lifelike and the shadows and lighting are goregous. The compromise to this is the excessive loading times. This can be a annoying when you only need to visit a scene for 1 clue, which may take but a few seconds, and then it loads for a couple of mins to get there.The game is difficult but there doesnt seem like a way to truly mess up. You are always guided by Holmes and Watson. I would like more of a sense of failure, which may alter the play of the game. However, this doesnt change the enjoyment of the game.I would really recommend this game to people who enjoy a good mystery, but do check out the previous game too."
,Not Recommended,241260,25723463,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Inquisitor Penguin,"I bought this on sale, because I love Sherlock Holmes, and solving mysteries.This game is great in that sense. It's a lot of fun to play, and dig into the cases.I do not recommend this game because:1) It lacks even the most rudimentary regular save system, and instead relies on checkpoints2) It does not inform you if you have reached a checkpoint, so you have no idea how far you have to go back if you need to quit to go do something else3) It frequently deletes your checkpoint saves, requiring you to repeat whole cases over and over.I had to repeat most of case 1 (starting over) due to failure of the checkpoint system.After solving case 1, I went to the main menu and had a ""continue"" option now, to start case 2, which was great. I figured my progress was saved, so I exited the game. When I opened it up 3 days later, my save had been deleted, and I could only start a new game. So now I have a three-way choice -1) play case 1 for a third time, and hope it somehow remembers my progress when I close the program2) play the game entirely through in one sitting so their failed save mechanic doesn't keep me from finishing it3) give up until the developers figure out how to institute a save mechanic.Checkpoint save systems don't work unless there are frequent checkpoints, you know when you've reached one, and the game actually stores your checkpoint progress in a way that can later be retrieved. This game fails with both of these criteria."
,Not Recommended,241260,15499506,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,netsentry,"4/10 - eh...I've played and enjoyed most of the past Sherlock titles.  Testament was the best of these, atmospheric and tense, engaging puzzles, good characters.  Crimes and Punishments is none of those things.  This game is a series of mystery mini-games to solve little drama pieces that aren't really interesting, nor do they do much for any characterization.  The new featurues added to this title in the series are not new at all, either.  The facial ticks for truth vs. lies is lifted straight off of L.A. Noire.  The head-to-toe scan of interviewees is not interactive and is just a linear point A to point B checklist to reach a cutscene.  Lastly the Watson character was nothing more than a one-liner side show, not an integral part of the story like in the other games.Many other reviewers have commented on nice graphics.  I have to assume that these are reports from Nvidia equipped machines, especially given the prominent PhysX ad in the introduction of the game...but my R9 290 equipped machine gave different results.  There was screen tearing.  Not in the conventional vertical sync fashion, buthorizontal screen tearing.  How does that even happen?  Anti-aliasing had jaggies everywhere on character and environment shadows.  Building textures were not as crisp as in Testament.  And finally, possibly most importantly, the loading screens were excessive and even the animations in them were choppy.  My machine generally performs well, even when faced with high demand games.  Without stating conclusions, that result did not happen with this game."
76561197972399780,Recommended,241260,13136200,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Aramis,If you like Sherlock Holmes you must buy this game or the Hound of Baskerville will haunt you.
76561198082202126,Recommended,241260,12305327,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,JasonF,"First Impression/ First Case:Long load screens. Load screens for load screens. Load screen just to get to the main menu.Otherwise the game's a really good playing experience with a top-notch moral choice system that has no right or wrong answer, that will bug the hell out of you till you finally pick someone to charge with the crime, and that you hope the choice is sound and doesn't come to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥later.Great for replayability provided you don't click the option that tells you the ""correct"" answer because, well, what fun is that?EDITFinal Impression: It is old fashion adventure game fun, playing Sherlock and figuring out who committed a crime.The carriage scene load screens take up too much time spent in the game and take away from the experience.The moral choice system doesn't affect much except a letter or refernece later on in the game suggesting you choose correctly or inncorrectly.Replayability isn't a must except to gain some achievement stat you missed or see a different ending, which doesn't matter since each case is different and there is no thread connecting them all......Which is fine. Each case is it's own experience, it's own adventure, like the original stories. I applaud the creators for writing and designing such stories that mimic the feel of a true Sherlock adventure, despite the flaws in execution.7/10"
,Recommended,241260,16211777,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,KlesK,"Sweet jesus, this is a good game guys!"
76561198007981704,Recommended,241260,16577016,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Bob_Cratchit,"Great game.  It isnt as difficult as you would think a Sherlock Holmes game would be.  Having owned the previous one, this one is a nice improvement.  Its full of mini games and quick time events throughout the cases to change things up a bit and keep it entertaining.  Theres nice little prompts that will help you know when you have found all the clues you are looking for, or if you still need to find 1 or 2 more, which is great so you are not standing around for an hour trying to figure out if you still need to find something or not.  Watson is a lot more usefull than previously lol, And as always theres a nice variety of Victorian Era scenery and a variety of people to talk to."
,Recommended,241260,18227974,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,TwistedLogic,"Captures the feel of being the most known fictional detectives in history and lets you feel like you are investigating, deducing and solving a series of crimes with style and finess. Interesting, fun, sometimes challenging in areas and even though it is not perfect, Crimes and Punishment is a good puzzle/detective game.:Spoiler alert:If you like the sound of this so far and plan to buy it, do NOT read the next bit as it contains spoilers which may spoil your enjoyment completely. What I would say is never check your results until the very end of the game.Spoiler:The crimes do not have an incorrect answer. Each possibility is 'correct' as if you pick it, even if the game decides it is not the 'true' correct answer, the accused culprit admits everything, the evidence all checks out and everything plays out as if you were correct... all except for that small note if you check your decision which says ""oops, this wasn't the TRUE correct answer, but good job anyway"". This kinda spoils it for me and I stopped playing once I had one of these messages. If the game said ""whoops! You had a good theory, but it was wrong and some things didn't quite check out which affected Sherlocks reputation and therefore your end score""... THAT would be acceptable. Villains admitting doing things that the game says is wrong just makes it feel like it's trying to make you win regardless of what you do, which turns this into a rail-puzzler. Solve the pre-set puzzles, pick whichever answer you like and BAM! Job done.Overall, good. Recommended for anyone who will never check their score until the end or someone who loves this kind of game! :D"
,Recommended,241260,17100076,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Tinvai,"Unfortunately the audio is only available in English, nonetheless the game itself is very entertaining and has a huge replayability, considering the different choices to make / endings.I enjoyed playing it and can recommend getting this game!"
,Recommended,241260,17899677,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ayyalicia,"A well-executed and immersive deduction game that belongs in your library.MY RATING| 5 out of 5WORTH THE FULL PRICE?| Yes, but I would recommend getting it on a discount to offset the lack of replayability.----------------------------------------------------------------------Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments is an absolutely beautiful strategy game where the player's choices ACTUALLY matter. It is simply a must-have for any strategy game junkie.What It Does Well:Engaging cases to work onStrikes a balance between casual gameplay and a challenging experienceMechanics that ""just feel right""BEAUTIFUL graphics that allow for true immersionJust enough ambiguity on who committed the crime to keep you engagedPlayer's choices ACTUALLY matterMaintains the game's momentumWhat I loved most about Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments (SHCP) is thatit is everything that I want in a deducation game: interesting work, a bit of a challenge, a beautiful experience, and the feeling that the game isn't trying to force-feed you the right answer. The cases that you work on are distinct and memorable; there are no two cases that share similarities. As you work through the cases, SHCP offers just the right amount of hand-holding to keep the momentum and to really allow the player to feel like Sherlock Holmes. If you were to constantly be getting stuck, it would be easy to fall out of character. Finally, the true hallmark of a great deducation game was the fact that I felt compelled on multiple cases to hold off on accussing someone because I wanted to go revisit the locations, the evidence, and the documents.THAT'Swhat I want in a game like this an SHCP delivered.Something SHCP uniquely provides is the opportunity for the player to make a wrong accusation and the game continues on. There's no ""game going back in time"" so you can't fix it, or even the game preventing you from making that decision. You areALLOWEDto make mistakes and it will not penalize you for it. This really allows it to feel as close to reality as possible.----------------------------------------------------------------------Where It Lacked:ReplayabilityDisjointed ""story line"" that connected each caseMissed OpportunitiesAlthough I'm a huge fan of this game, there were some aspects that could have been better. Replayability for this type of game is unlikely- it's just the genre. However, I figured I would call it out for the buyers who may take this into consideration when buying. In SHCP, there is a very small story line that connects each case. It is so small that I actually forgot about it until the end. It seemed like an after-thought and could have probably been left out. Finally, there was one large missed opportunity to make the game even better. There is a mechanic to call out inconsistencies during conversation which is a real treat. However, if someone says something questionable the game makes it very obvious by slowing down time so Sherlock can speak up. I wish that wasn't the case. The small bits of information you gain from those integral parts should only be award to the people who noticed the lie (just like real life!)"
76561198125589988,Recommended,241260,12419006,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,arghobanerjee24,Amazing game. Seeking justice though the developers want you to be lazy and go with the conclusion you have in hand. Justice requires a thorough analysis of the entire crime scene and beyond. Definitely better then LA Noire
76561198055402651,Recommended,241260,17510151,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,InsaneDaneOnAnAeroplane,"An all-around great adventure game!Variation in the mysteries keeps the game from becoming to repetative, but rather fresh and interesting. The new engine runs beautifully and the textures allow for a very immersive game-experience, though I at times wish some of the 'maps', such as the train stations, were a bit bigger...The mini-game puzzles for the most also differ alot, which, again, keeps the game from becoming teedious and boring.The indidual cases are well thought-out and just as you think you have the right answer everything gets flipped on you...However, perhaps one of my personal favourite features about this game, is the ability to not only choose what fate shall befall the criminal, but also - perhaps especially - the ability to get the wrong answer. In some games, the game is programed in such a way that you will not be able to preceed before you've got the right solution; something that, at least to some degree, ruins the ability to fully immerse yourself in the story. In Crimes and Punishment, however, the game just rolls with the flow - even if you royally♥♥♥♥♥♥up.All in all a very enjoyable game. Def recommend it!My apologies for my lack of comprehension of the English language."
76561197972279378,Recommended,241260,12496929,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,mystemo,"Brilliant new installment in the Sherlock series and this is probably the most beautiful yet. The visuals are stunning - the level of detail poured into every scene is breathtaking and oozes Victorian charm. The closeups of peoples' faces is unbelievable, seeing every pore on their skin and every emotion being conveyed in terrific detail. The voice acting is top notch with very few poor moments that only give creedance to the storylines that develop throughout. And to the story, which in fact there are 6 of them, are for the most part all solid and rich. Only the 4th chapter was a bit short and obvious but the others utilise the Sherlock world to its fullest. As this game did have the consoles in mind there is some limitation with the puzzles at times but the variety of conversational puzzles and deductions more than made up for any control constraints. Finishing the game, I felt satified with the experience and I cannot wait for more in the future :)"
76561198040193655,Recommended,241260,12482785,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,gracepower,"At first I was MOST disappointed because I couldn't get it to 'go' but after some research of the Steam site, I ran the game in public_beta and it works excellently on the Surface, and pretty ok on windowed desktop pc.  Thanks to your staff for the help."
76561197983150213,Recommended,241260,12421908,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Znork,this games makes you feel like Sherlock Holmes at times. If you are a fan of this seires this is the best game.  My only real complaint is that i would have liked more cases.So run and buy if you want to be Sherlock Holmes. If you want to be an alien hunter this is not for you.
,Recommended,241260,12491144,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,.V,E P I C detective game !! that's it !very attractive and free to deductive and also morale choices.
,Recommended,241260,12466792,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,gmanlee451,"A very good game, and I'm glad I got it. The facial textures and expressions are nothing short of absolutely astounding. Who ever worked on that, good job. The puzzles aren't too difficult, and the ""lockpicking"" is a bit repetitive, but the game makes up for that in the moral choices and the reasoning you have to use to make a final decision as to who committed a crime.Despite all the evidence you collect, at the end of many cases you can still be left scratching your head as to who committed the crime. This is pretty awesome because I had to review all the evidence I collected, and really take into consideration details that on the outside might seem trivial. These very small details made all the difference. In this sense, the game is very true to the Sherlock Holmes experience you would expect.I do have one gripe though, and it is a very small one. The outfits that you can wear are almost always locked. I honestly would have liked to have worn the unbuttoned shirt and scruffy facial hair to look a bit more like Dr. House. I was actually hoping that once I beat the game all of the outfits would be unlocked, but sadly that didn't happen.If you like the adventure genre, this is one to have in your library."
76561197984017782,Recommended,241260,12471542,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Deamon59,"Looks fantastic in 1440p. I thouroughly enjoyed the game and it ran well on my pc. The puzzles and gameplay were done well, with a nice mix of challenge and involvement. The story however, seemed scattered. The game is broken up into different cases, with no relationship between them. The ending also shares in this problem by seeming random and out of place, with all the choices available in the previous cases, like whether to absolve or condemn the perp, proving relatively pointless in the end. All in all i enjoyed it and look forward to additional cases being released as DLC. The length of the game was good, i finished it over a weekend and it felt like just the right lenght."
,Recommended,241260,12474867,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Irynmudda,"I decided to not read, or watch, anything about this game before buying it and playing it myself. Then it didn't work, thankfully Frogwares managed to do a fix for the majority of players and we could finally step into the shoes of Sherlock Holmes.Wow, the faces have improved heavily from Testament, Sherlock's lip synch is almost spot on, other peoples, um, not so much, but still it's an improvement! The scenery is fantastic, even the loading scene is pretty, epsecially the background through the window of the carriage, it gives you a little idea of the area that you are going into.The cases themselves were great, nice and varied, I actually found the first case to be more difficult that the rest, this might be to do with the OTE in it, where I wouldn't have been able to match them up, unlike Sherlock. The fact that you could solve it in different ways, come to different conclusions was outstanding! I enjoyed seeing how many % of other players also chose that option, very TWD!"
,Recommended,241260,12368169,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Midnite,"Crimes and Punishments is simpler than previous games in the series when it comes to puzzles. It   makes sure the player never forgets anything and is always able to keep track if something is missing, which makes things a bit too easy. Nevertheless, i found the experience very enjoyable. The deduction system is the best it's ever been and the cases are, overall, fairly interesting. The game is looking great and the mechanics hold no mystery, everything is intuitive.Something a bit annoying are the loadings. There's plenty of them and they aren't that fast. While it isn't a major complaint, it's a nuisance.As game the progresses on a case-by-case basis it leaves room for expansions containing more and i really hope Frogwares is thinking about it. I could play some more cases!So, if you are a fan of the series you will probably enjoy more Sherlock Holmes. If you are new to the series, this instalment is the most beginner friendly and might pull people to the series. For me, it's recommended."
,Recommended,241260,12397733,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,The Lovecharger,"A fun and interesting experience so far. Good characters, beautiful locations, and unique story lines make this a must for any fan or the genre. Although, as a fan of all the Sherlock Holmes games I do find Crimes and Punishments to be ridiculously easy. I remember Nemesis being a real challenge and this was what got me hooked on the releases to follow. This current title feels more like the game model employed by Telltale in ""The Walking Dead"". That is, supplementing any challenge with rolling story. It is still a good experience, but their lacks a ""sense of achievement"" which you would recieve with the other titles.Another problem I have with this latest installment is that of travel. You frequently visit locations, do one thing, and then travel back to a previously visited location via horse and cart. There can be times when you're literally staring at a loading screen 80% of the time, to spend 1 minute at a location before moving on to another. This is the biggest problem with the game in my opinion as it reminds me of surfing the web on a 56k connection in order to read one sentence from various websites. I miss how Sherlock Holmes vs Jack the Ripper had you walking around albeit a small part of London and how there was no ""press t to find everything"" mode (That cannot be disabled)Overall a good game but not without its frustrations 7/10."
76561197970679497,Recommended,241260,12456192,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Nab|Magnet,"Been playing the game for a few hours and so far it's quite fun. I like the ""police"" style interrigation that also worked well in LA Noir- I had hoped for more puzzles tho, unfortunantly not really that kind of an adventure game. The few lock puzzles I had so far have been to easy"
76561198061695718,Recommended,241260,12480721,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Osteven21,Awesome game can't wait to play more
76561198016977238,Recommended,241260,12329754,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kardos,"Great game! Nice graphics, atmosphere, music, voice,  stories...! Highly recommended to everyone and not only Sherlock fans!"
76561198152763577,Recommended,241260,12423196,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ilikebl,Gorgeous graphic and logical puzzle. The down point was Watson - boring voice and not much contribution to the storyline.
76561197998071363,Recommended,241260,24458656,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Shelley,"This is without a doubt the best Sherlock Holmes game I have played (and I've played all of them). The puzzles are amazing, difficult but not impossible. The fact that you have to consider all of the information you've been told as well as the clues you have found, and incorporate it into an overall conclusion is true to Holmes' original character from the Canon. Then the moral choices make the game unique in the franchise.I really hope they go back to this format for the next game (after The Devil's Daughter I mean) as it is definitely better than the format for the Devil's Daulghter."
76561198351693376,Recommended,241260,29493399,Posted: 25 January,all,TatieKay,Pros:- Very fun- Beautiful graphics- Variety of puzzles- Interesting casesCons:- Watson is ultimate doorblock sometimes
76561198038625342,Recommended,241260,16750544,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dash,"I really love this game.  It's what ""Wolf Among us"" and ""Murdered Soul Suspect"" should have been.  It's by no means a perfect game.  For one it's incredibly short at about 15hrs.  Second, it has too few cases to solve as the game is broken down into 6 separate cases that are not connected (which is fine if there were more cases).  Third, some cases are drastically better then others and it feels like the developers just gave up in the end.  Despite all that, I definitely feel this is a must play for any murder mystery fan.The game really makes you feel like your Sherlock Holmes trying to solve a mystery.   The game has some puzzles, but the main puzzle element is simply putting your clues together and using your own brain to create  a solution to the puzzle.  The first 3 cases are particularly good at this as tons of clues exists and you can make quite a wide range of deductions from them to draw some vary different conclusions.After those first three though the game got super lazy.  It's literally impossible to solve the last three mysteries incorrectly.  You would literally have to just stop searching for clues and attempt to solve it with no information...which would never happen.  After you find all the clues only one possible conclusion can be reached.  It's very disappointing when compared to the first three mysteries where even after you have all the clues you need to go back and re-read all your notes and collected evidence and then try and narrow down the suspect pool.  In the last three cases there is only ever one suspect.  I suspect the developers ran out of time and money, as I said this game is in no way perfect.This system for use in mystery games is genius though.  Every game should be copying it, if anything I would have liked the deduction system to be more vague.  Every clue should have 3-4 possible deduction that go with it instead of just 1 or 2.  Each deduction should have at least 6-10 conclusions as well instead of the 3 possibilities in the first three mysteries and then really only 1 conclusion in the back 3.  Really the developers seemed to be trying to make the ""Sherlock Holmes Consulting Detective"" boardgame into a videogame and I'd say they did quite a great job.In the end I think what this game really needed is perhaps one very long drawing room murder mystery that is more open ended.  Put Sherlock in a mansion with tons of suspects and have a murder occur, then have hundreds of clues, hundreds of deductions, and at least 50 varied conclusions that you can make anytime you want in the game.  Perhaps this was too difficult and costly for the developers to do, but really 6 short mysteries vs one big one seems like a poor idea if you don't have the resources to make 6 great mysteries.  I still greatly enjoyed this game, just don't spend too much on it #Worth $10."
,Recommended,241260,18086594,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,jim0n,"I really enjoyed 'Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments'. While the acting and the writing may be seem a bit dry at first, the characters and the cheesy 'funny' moments do grow on you over time. The game also looks really good, with very detailed environments and characters.The gameplay feels more like a CSI show where you talk to people and look for clues, and the game (usually via Holmes' expositions) will tell you what to do, or explain what was really happening the entire time. It's really hard to make the player feel like they solved the game through their own wits, and this game like many others falls short in that regard, but I still enjoyed the procedural gameplay, the quirky cases, and the colourful characters."
,Recommended,241260,16182235,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,kschang77,"Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishment is the latest chapter of Sherlock Holmes Games from Frogware, and they are slowly perfecting the formula and seems they are closer than ever. Playing as Sherlock Holmes, you will tackle six different cases, some from the classic Sir Arthur Conan Doyle stories, others written fresh for the game. What makes this game unique from the previous iterations is the ability to accuse the WRONG person... and make it stick.You see, in every case there are multiple suspects, and if you did your investigation wrong the evidence may lead you the wrong way. However, you are the great Sherlock Holmes, so nobody will question your decision... except yourself. And even after you have made the accusation, you can decide to either throw the book at the perp (to the gallows!)... or intervene and help him (or her) with the law to ensure the outcome ""for the best of all involved"".You will travel back and forth amongst several locations, usually your Baker St residence, Scotland Yard, then various leads and scene of crime and such, and there are often things to do at each, as you examine things that needs to be examined, and perhaps do a few things to ""open up"" further avenues of investigation, and perhaps interrogate suspects for further leads after you uncover a few... contradictions.The interface is optimized much from previous iterations. Research is now a matter of going back to Baker St. and access the archives, which are composed of various old newspapers, encyclopedia entries, and Holmes' own missives, i.e. multiple choice. To travel to a location you merely bring up case book / location, then click on a location. To run tests on a piece of evidence, you go to Baker st and play with Holmes' exam table.  Interrogation, evidence, and autopsy are now concentrated at Scotland Yard, as is Lestrade's office.There are a lot of mini-games now including the puzzles. Most ""locks"" now require the ""concentric cylinders to line-up"" puzzle where you can rotate individual cylinders but you can't see all of them or some may be ""joined"" or ""separated"" at higher difficulty levels. There are other games including a ""climbing"" game where you need to quick click, then press A or D as prompted. There were a ""skeet shoot"" where you need to shoot someone before they shoot you. There is also a rope bridge segment (don't fall off as you try to negotiate this windy rope bridge) and more. All in all there are over 45 different minigames, and there are achievements for doing all of them. Good thing is they don't require too much reflexes, merely some ""timing"", but some of those can get quite annoying as they are not that forgiving.The game borrowed liberally from all the previous iterations as well as from TV series, and other games. For example, there is now a ""SherlockVision"" mode where you can see things other people can't see, with words that pop up that shows your observations and deductions just like the BBC Sherlock series. There's also a ""hypothesis / re-enactment"" mode where you try to virtually piece together a sequence of events that may account for some actions of witnesses or suspects.Each suspect or witness you encounter also gets a mini-game where you try to observe him or her about details which lets you deduce background. Ring means married. Expensive but patched cloths means formerly rich, now poor. Brooch of certain design suggests immigrant from out of the country, and so on.  You need to make all observations to ""pass"" the minigame, and they weren't always obvious.What's best, ALL minigames can be skipped, if you failed too many times. You simply don't get the ""did not skip"" achievement.The time travelling between locations can be used to review your casebook and/or make deductions using your virtual deduction board, which now resembles neurons connecting in your brain, leading to further conclusions or such, and that really makes you FEEL that loading time is a lot less.Graphics are good, with only occasional texture oops. All the characters are very detailed. Frogware chose to model the Sherlock Holmes and Watson after the Jeremy Brett version. On the other hand they had to tweak the characters a bit to make sure they don't TOO closely resemble the actors in the 1960's Sherlock Holmes TV series. Voice acting is excellent, as they all sound authentic British to this untrained ear.The only problem I feel can detract from the game is the game sometimes hid the clues a little too well, and if you miss those clues you will end up with NOWHERE to search or continue!  For example,in the missing train case, there are some hidden documents that I never found in a particular station, which would not have shown up UNLESS I engage SherlockVision. As a result, I missed 2 clues out of 24.In another example, I was completed stuck inThe case in the garden also had a moment where I missed a clue, which got me stuck completely, as I literally had NOTHING else to investigate, and I was going nuts trying to figure out what I missed, and again, I missed a section of SherlockVision in an office.So if you have problems, you may want to check every room and see if you need to engage Sherlock Vision (T key), and if it says you should, you're clearly missing something there.Some of the cases are pretty straightforward, and even followed the stories much. Others are more interesting as you don't know what to expect, as there are many red herrings. However, my favorite would have to be the final case, which involved not just one but TWO moral choices, and let's just say, your ""instinct"" will be severely put to the test.All in all, this game is great, as you do have to make decisions based on the clues you gathered, and if you made the wrong choice, well, you'll have to live with it. Enjoy this great little puzzle adventure game. You should love it."
,Recommended,241260,18311802,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,iddqd,"This game is not only great because of its interesting gameplay, but also for the simple reason of Sherlock's and Watson's comments and dialogue. I'm no adventure fan by any means, but the devs hav put so much effort into detail that even I dig it.Definite recommendation!Also, make sure to set ""-dx9"" as launch command or else you'll have horribly long loading times. And I own an SSD."
76561198007505559,Recommended,241260,16386784,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hexus,"A decent game, I liked it.Cases could be more difficult to solve though."
,Recommended,241260,16385429,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Vincent Lecavalier,"I personally had a throughly enjoyable experience playing this game. The cases are quite interesting and the whole atmosphere is just pretty much spot on. Oh and great voice acting as well. Loading time while changing location could possibly be a bit annoying sometimes, but it's certainly not a big deal. 8.5/10."
76561198130186490,Recommended,241260,16377958,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Chronic ion,"I was very impressed with this game.  It really felt like Sherlock Holmes.  I own a few of the previous games, but have yet to try them.  I heard this was the best one yet, so I wanted to make sure I'd like it.  I will probably backtrack and play some of the previous games, hoping they are at least similar to this one.I was actually disappointed when it ended.  I was hoping for just one more case."
,Recommended,241260,29435644,Posted: 22 January,all,Saema Mode VIII,"Investigate mysteries!  Solve crimes!  Be a dog!  Booby trap a house!  Do chemistry!  It's all in here!I'm a lifelong Sherlock Holmes fan who's played around with a few of the Frogwares games.  They're some pretty solid point and click adventures that do a decent job of respecting the source material.  Unfortunately, as with any adaptation, some of the deviations just don't flow well.  The majority of the content was pretty solid. There's a lot about this game I like.  There's a blend of Doyle and new cases.  The game implements different features in the different cases.   There's a ""right"" conclusion to every case, but the player is encouraged to draw their own conclusions.  There are occasionally different outcomes that conclude a case successfully without being the ""right"" answer.  There's definitely some replay value.The library page says it can be used with the controller or keyboard/mouse, but I found normal gameplay flowed much better with keyboard/mouse.  When examining certain objects, the controller just didn't have the right response.  Unfortuntely, there are a few puzzles that heavily favor controller use and are extremely difficult on the keyboard.  If you don't have a controller, they can be skipped if you find them too frustrating.  I'd strongly advocate keyboard/mouse use.One thing I have mixed feelings about is how heavily this game was inspired by the BBC series Sherlock.  The dev team is very fond of the ""mind palace"" mechanic from the show.  I like how they implemented it, as it is the vehicle that lets you reach multiple conclusions to each case.  The writing picked up a lot of the Sherlock vs. Mycroft attitude of the show, and I feel that it caused the plot to suffer a bit.  That was a completely unneccessary addition.On the whole, it's a good, solid game and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  I highly recommend it for anyone into P&C adventures or Sherlock Holmes."
,Recommended,241260,29402630,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"This game is filled with style, good puzzles, great environments, and even interesting moral decisions."
76561198007812404,Recommended,241260,31749148,Posted: 14 May,all,Aquarius,"This game is surprisingly fun, the clues aren't ridiculously obscure and each case have strong hints towards the correct suspect, but offer plausible narratives that often incriminate others within the case.If you are a fan of any show like CSI or NCIS etc this game is worth a look"
,Recommended,241260,16362815,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,No$kill_Bravo,"This is a fantaistic game! The stories that unravel in the cases were very memorable and I found it easy to get attached to certain characters. The balance of difficulty was good, but sometimes interrogations felt too simple.I think this is my favorite detective game. If L.A. Noire could have balanced everthing as well as this game does, I might have said differently.-Great stories-Great characters / voice acting-Great graphics-Unique deduction mechanics-A great feeling of success when you nab the right criminal10/10"
,Recommended,241260,34892123,Posted: 11 September,all,Dirty Penguin,"I think its a great game, i've always been a fan of Sherlock Holmes. It takes about 2 hours per case, although you get led to the ending of every case (since it would be waaay to difficult ,to do everything on your own) you still have to think who the possilbe perpetrator is, sience and moral facts play a huge role with that one. So it's not just guessing or some kind, you really have to think that keeps the fun for that.I recommend it, but not for 30$ (30$/12h = 2,50$/h (5$ per case)). If you are a fan of Sherlock Holmes in general get it for 30$ it's worth it :)"
76561198021005834,Recommended,241260,26687248,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kegger,"Fantastic story telling, in this case you solve a variety of cases much like the real Holmes, in fact, a few of the cases are based entirely on the real stories. Really it is a very entertaining interactive story, if you like the Holmes short stories, you will like this. The graphics are fine, music is great, but overall the stories are what drives it.The downsides are a very clunky interface (maybe designed for a playstation), and much too long load times between locations and cases."
76561198059362476,Recommended,241260,26429756,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Roseem Alzabar,"The best Sherlock game to date, I've been playing them for a few years now (all from Frogwares) and they just keep getting better and better. Can't wait for the next one."
76561198046211790,Recommended,241260,13813938,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Niall,"This is the best Sherlock Holmes game in my opinion.  The visuals are great and It preforms well on high settings on my AMD R9 270 / i7 quad core processor (the only lag is in the cab going between places).  There are 8 cases ranging from murders to disappearing trains!  If you liked LA Noire you should give this game a try as although it's set a lot earlier, the case structure is similar and also the way how you can interrogate suspects and see if they are lying."
76561198116838701,Recommended,241260,12378879,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,andrebo7,A lot of love went into this game. How can you be so sure? Elementary...+Stunning graphics+Thoughtful mysteries+Competent voice acting+Fun puzzles+Brilliant clue/deduction mechanicI was delightfully surprised by this game and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys intellectual stimulation and late 19th century suits.
76561198025611464,Recommended,241260,12378639,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,fabriziopaino,"Formidable game, it really keeps you immerse into a gorgeous designed world, I hope new cases and expansions arrive soon"
76561198093911712,Recommended,241260,14325061,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Solmyr,"+ Graphics;+ Puzzles;+ Case solving;+ Morality system - Punish or show mercy to criminals;+ High replayability;- Dull voice acting;- Lack of music tracks, though the ones that are included are nice;- Game is quite short for the price;8/10Very nice game, definietly pick it up if it's on sale."
,Recommended,241260,12744847,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Bruce Wayne,Best Sherlock Holmes Game ever!!!
,Recommended,241260,12883374,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Game Psych,"Let's play a game, its called ""How many ways can I say Awesome?""First off, its hard to screw up great content. The Sherlock Holmes books have spawned tons of movies and tv shows and continues to maintain its fan base for a reason. Compelling and dynamic characters in head scratching situations.So why have Sherlock Holmes games been so bad for so long? I don't know, because these guys figured it out.Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments has all the asthetic, visual, and sound effect excellence that Bioshock Infinite has. The experience in each moment makes you want to play more. Add in to that the freedom (such that it is) to explore and examine things AND the Moral choices left entirely to the player and this game is Stupendous, Spectacular, and A-Stounding.I loved every moment, and I can not urge the developers enough to put out DLC.Please, please, please, please."
,Recommended,241260,22347144,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Corporations,"Exciting tricky cases, nice graphics, nice acting. A solid game!"
76561198116148340,Recommended,241260,32616512,Posted: 21 June,all,alexsuharev,Atmospheric.Not too simple.Not too hard either.Quite good.
76561198059507774,Recommended,241260,12379229,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,NoBSMartin79,No longer your secret ugly indulgence. More like LA Noire now. Simplified menu system from Testament. Triple AAA graphics.  Entertaining plots keep you hooked.Only downside is Watson's voice is horrible compared to the actor from Testament.Worthwhile purchase if you enjoy Sherlock.
76561197979356799,Recommended,241260,12339970,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Venom Snake,If you love adventure games you will love Sherlock holmes: crimes and punishments.one of the best Sherlock games to date.
,Recommended,241260,12330491,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Nygmatech,"Pros:- Fantastic graphics, beautiful areas- Lifelike character models- Ability to make your own deductions and determine the outcome of the case- Lists all the tasks you have to complete, meaning less forgetting what you have to do- Puzzles didn't seem forced- An enjoyable game, despite all its flaws- Trying to use the measuring tape is just as annoying as in the rest of the seriesCons:- Way too easy- For some reason Frogwares decided to get rid of the inventory system featured in the previous 4 games, which seemed fine to me (having inventory mixed in with the clues didn't make sense to me at all and was confusing to adjust to)- Watson is now a side character instead of a main one, and an extremely stupid one at that. This is a big contrast from the previous games, especially Testament, where he's shown to be just as competent as Holmes.- Is so different it feels like a standalone game, not part of the Frogwares series- Made up of a bunch of miniplots that don't have any relation to one another (this is a little truer to Holmes canon, just imo doesn't suit an adventure game very well). This may be a pro for some people, but it bored me as I didn't find any of the cases all that compelling- Did I mention they completely butchered Watson?Despite my criticisms, I did enjoy the game. Just don't expect this to be Testament but better because it isn't by any means. If you're a hardcore Holmes fanatic, expect to be slightly disappointed (and pick it up on sale at some point, all the same). If you just like detective games, you'll probably like this a lot."
76561198084995982,Recommended,241260,21519329,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Jessica Rabbit <3,"I am 3 cases in to this game and have really enjoyed it so far.  The puzzles/minigames can be skipped for those who may find them tedious, the voice acting is great and the range of conclusions you can come to at the end of a case make it a lot more challenging and interesting to get it right the first time you try.It seems like there is a lot more of this game to go, and to me it is definitely worth the money.  Replayability may be the only issue, but if you don't check whether you were correct at the end of a case, you could do them again and come to a different conclusion.  I recommend it to anyone who enjoys detective games!"
76561198007460178,Not Recommended,241260,35109942,Posted: 21 September,all,fattoler,"The most 'Elementary' Sherlock game from this series. I'm really not sure if I should recommend this or not because for all intents and purposes it's not a 'bad' game when taken on its own. It's just so truncated and basic that after the previous entries it feels like a let-down. Now I don't usually take a dig at consoles and console gamers seeing as I'm one myself, but this is a very good example of a series 'dumbing down' for a wider console audience.So what's the problem? The problem is that the game, or rather the puzzles within are far too basic and self-explanatory. Whereas previous entries in the series would have you jotting down notes, figuring out patterns and trying to read between the lines this game for the most part doesn't really get any deeper than remembering some symbols in order to figure out a maze. Most of the puzzles can be solved without much thought and the way the game indicates that you've examined everything in an area removes most of the challenge that the previous games had. I could go on but most of the time I felt more like I was playing an interactive movie with some occasionally tricky puzzles. However most of the time you go to a place, talk to someone and check everything you need to check, and then get told to go on and do some other task, look for more clues and then make a deduction. Occasionally you have some action segment or will get to control another character but nothing that's mentally taxing. In short, it's a very liniear experience.It's not all bad though; the presentation is top notch for the most part and the interface is very clear. You can customise the way Holmes dresses though this is only relevant twice in the game as I recall. Voice acting is good and you are given a wide array of mysteries to solve. Two new features that are pretty interesting are the abilities to 'read' a character by looking over their appearance; a nice little feature that helps you gain clues and dialogue options as well as being very 'Holmesan'. As well as the deductions for each case being open-ended, you have multiple conclusions to each case but unfortunately due to the very prosaic nature of the puzzles and clue finding it's pretty obvious which is the right choice for the most part.Overall, as I said at the start, it's not a bad game per say, just rather dull and straightforward. It's a shame really, because the last game, 'The Testament of Sherlock Holmes' was a good blend of tricky puzzles and some more action-focused sequences. Why they didn't carry on with that is the real mystery.Reccomended if you want a basic, easygoing experience, not so reccomended if you wanted something more challenging. Either way get it on sale if you have to but it's certainly skippable."
76561198023019965,Recommended,241260,18557956,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Pablo,"This is an excelent adaptation of Sherlock Holmes novels to gaming, and an excellent adventure game.First, this last installment of the series has the great idea of doing, instead of one long story, to adapt 6 six short stories (but the game is not short at all, fear not!) The result is that you have indeed a long game, but one that you can play for a couple of hours, maybe a day or two, and then leave and return much later, and you won't be lost because there are multiple stories, and you may be beginning a new case. The short story format works for the kind of mysteries that sherlock solves, as in the novel by the original author. In fact, some stories were adapted directly from the original ones. Also, because of the different stories you have different kinds of mysteries and settings, so it adds  a great deal of variety.The game itself is really fun! The game has many different kinds of things to do and riddles to solve, not just dialogue, or puzzles, there's much much more than that, it's not an interactive movie, here you have lots of gaming to do, and it is done in an original and different way and in relation with sherlock homes universe. It is not terribly difficult, and you have help, the interface for the game is very clear and has good design. Also you have the option of bypassing any puzzle if you are stuck.What i think is very well done is the deduction system, in wich you associate clues gathered while investigating and you create different relations between the clues (in different ways) and you arrive then, to  different conclussions. This conclussions could be right or wrong... and it is done in a way that is not so obvious, and it really makes you think. At the end, when you finally choose who is guilty, you have the option of checking before continuing if you made the right decision or notThe graphics, are AAA quality, wich is great and really puts this game at the same level of any other game of any other genre that is currently out there. The animations are not so great, but just in comparison to the details of the graphics, but they do their job very well. The voice acting is the BEST, wich is enormously important for a game of this kind, if you don't have for example the voice of your main character (Sherlock) done right, then you are so screwed, but in this game all voice acting is great and helps build the characters, specially because is the only real human component in a game with 3D graphics. I said this about the voice and the graphics, but i don't think having computer graphics instead of real actors (in this case) it's a disavantage. On the contrary, i think having computer graphics for a sherlock holmes game, works specially great, better than real actors, because in this case, trying to do a real life impersonation would be too difficult too expensive, and ultimately it would never be like the novels (all my respecto to the movies and tv series) but i much really prefer, in this case, the sherlock depicted here. Because, more than any movie or any series to date, it is SO faifthfull to the original novels. Not only the characters, the construction of the era is done right.Playing this last game, i felt like i was playing with the original Sherlock, the one from the novels. I think that, a video game, (and more than that, and ADVENTURE game) is the best possible medium to experience a sherlock holmes mistery in the 21th century. Because you do not only follow a story, but you play one, you solve the mystery, it's great.For the first time in years i don't feel ashamed to recommend and adventure game, because this is not only a great adventure game, it's just a great game overall, doesn't matter which genre you like, anyone should enjoy it as it has TOP quality graphics and voice acting, great story, and a lots of good gaming.If you want to play a game this year set in the 1800s victorian london.... with a good story, great characters, and stories that have closure at the end... play Sherlock Holmes: Crimes & Punishments.UPDATE 26/03/2016 :After playing finally many adventure games from 2014, i have to say absolutely, this is the best adventure game from 2014. It is, what a modern adventure game should be,  a game everyone can be interested in, and play, not only adventure fans, but everyone as well. The puzzles are well done, original and not too much difficult or too much easy,  it has great graphics, great sound, great production values, the story (stories) are great, very well done, the characters are great, the dialogs. And it shows, many people have played this game since 2014, not only adventure fans."
,Recommended,241260,20152998,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,salo,The game is very good. But there are two big minus.1. The game commemorates Ukrainian demonstrators(at the beginning of the game) who threw Molotov cocktails in police in 2014 on the Maidan.2.In the Scotland Yard  weighs on the board picture of Putin.The award of £ 100. It shows how the Ukrainian creators of the game have fallen low showing in the game about the great Sherlock Holmes these provocative posters.I bought the game to enjoy the detective. The game has no place politics! It is unacceptable.
76561198121669105,Recommended,241260,13191525,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,nyxx,Wish this game was longer.
,Recommended,241260,21849040,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Snark,Yay!
10475023750939504,Recommended,241260,14192457,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Evergreen,MISTA HOUMES
76561198066852183,Recommended,241260,12324777,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,@Defcon1,Well Written game and a very beautiful production it needs a dlc.Although the only complaints I have is that like previous game it has pixel problems but dont let that stop you from making your purchase because believe me you will hardly notice :D.BRING ON A DLC  OR EXPANSION SET :D
,Recommended,241260,22489055,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Sludge,"""The garden seems to be well maintained.""""The garden seems to be well maintained.""""The garden seems to be well maintained.""""The garden seems to be well maintained.""10/10"
76561198033425418,Not Recommended,241260,34833772,Posted: 9 September,all,Malaccamax,"What a disappointment this game is! I was expecting more that this scripted step by step gameplay, hand holding, puzzles thrown in here and there just to make it look like you’ve succeeded at something on your own.This game feels like it is playing *you*, more than you playing the game.Would not recommend"
,Recommended,241260,16079828,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,The Cross,"Great game! More than one mystery to solve. and above that, there are many differend endings to the stories! this is the best detective game ever (by far)!"
76561198165958829,Recommended,241260,16077451,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Aedifex,"""As a fan of Sherlock Holmes, I could definitely say that this game captured its intrinsic nature and distinctive environment."""
76561198026728326,Recommended,241260,15657644,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,redcrossreborn,"This game was so a great accomplishment, that I'm taking my time to write my first review.But to avoid a TL;DR reaction, I'll just get to the point.Pros:- Best graphics of any Sherlock game...ever-The ability to have Sherlock profile a character is AWESOME and is what makes the interrogations in this game better than L.A. Noire- The deduction system in the game makes this game (and this is no exaggeration) the BEST detective game EVER MADE because you actually have to solve the case.  They don't force you to make the right conclusion.  If Frogwares keeps improving that system they will have mastered the detective genre for video games-The ability to review you ""notepad"" and ""deductions"" during loads is AWESOME particularly-The ability to have moral choices is very cool and adds another layer to the Sherlock experience but...look at the Cons- The Imagine ability is really cool though I hope that the company fleshes it out more in future Sherlock gamesNeutral:- The dialog is at time very engaging (particularly between Sherlock and Watson), but at times it is very stiffCons:- Moral choices don't affect the gameplay as every case is an isolated event- Some of the level layout it poorly done, particularly when they face you in the wrong direction when an area loads"
,Recommended,241260,16256574,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Saytuna,i love to punish people for their crimes
76561198348255756,Recommended,241260,30530798,Posted: 15 March,all,savi.silence,"Loved the plot and each one of the cases. Amazing music, incredible graphics. Only I wish it wasn't taking so long to load when you travel from one place to another. Despite that it's a game I'd recommend for sure."
76561198041875552,Not Recommended,241260,17555785,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Blueprint,"The game's nice - aestically, but that's it.The game solves itself for you. no challenge, not at all. I thought it'd be a victorian L.A Noire, but I was left disappointed."
,Recommended,241260,23558070,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,DreyK,"10 windows - don't work, but I like this game."
76561198174612203,Not Recommended,241260,16868959,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Mcnasty,the multiple scene changes required to pursue and unlock clues makes an otherwise reasonable entertaining game tedious and adds too much down time.
76561198129252969,Recommended,241260,13731073,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hulacat,Beautiful and innovating. A thoroughly entertaining time.
,Recommended,241260,13749351,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ramox,i like it !
,Recommended,241260,13863294,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Nik,"A very nice mystery puzzle game. Great graphics and fun cases make this game totally worthwhile. While each case is somewhat ""railroaded"", there are several alternate endings which you can pursue depending on which suspect you decide to accuse. In many of the cases, the correct outcome is not very obvious, and it's actually quite fun going through the clues and making your final decision. Choose carefully! Throughout each case, there are varied and fun puzzles which keep the gameplay interesting (though it starts to get somewhat more predictable and repetitive towards the end).My only wish is that more DLC was available for this game. It feels a bit sad when you reach the end."
76561198044248063,Recommended,241260,13786420,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Chicken McNazi,If you're not good at remembering names this game is not for you.
76561198121138305,Recommended,241260,13953183,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,blainem,"thought provoking and very detailed, i enjoyed every moment playing it, a wide variety of cases was very pleasing"
,Recommended,241260,13948747,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sylien,"I really quite liked this game.There are not enough puzzles compared to the previous games, or enough interaction with Watson,but the characters are memorable and doesn't resemble each other too much, and it some cases you start cheering for a suspect, hoping they aren't the murderer.Sadly, though, it didn't have as good a story, overall, as the previous games. The whole ""Merry Men"" thing, was a bit of a weird one.But all things considered, it was a Sherlock Holmes game, through and through, and I'd recommend it to any fan of the books, movies, tv series or the older games."
,Recommended,241260,12445725,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Saxbys,"6/10TL;DR: Great visuals, very immersive soundtrack, unique detective concepts. No main-storyline, no ending. Puzzles were way too easy. Cases are predictable. This game honestly took a huge step back from The Testament in terms of storyline, but a huge leap forward in gameplay.Great visuals, Baker Street/Whitechapel has greatly improved over The Testament. Voice acting is well done (accents), but lip-syncing is pretty disappointing for next-gen gaming. Very unique game mechanics with new interesting concepts like Imagination and Sherlock Talent. The only downside to these is that the game tells you directly where your targets are, which just kills the fun. It'd be better if the Sherlock Talent just gave the game a filter or texture that makes it easier to see objects of interest, rather than make them glow.6 in-depth very intriguing, however, very predictable cases. It's a great improvement over The Testament, which was more like an interactive movie. This game allows you to not only make your own deductions, but make your own conclusions, choose your own guilty party and make your own moral choices as to how you will covict them. No main storyline (except forThe Merry Men terrorist group), which is HUGELY disappointing, especially in a Sherlock adaptation. I loved how The Testament was all one case and was full of plot twists and in depth dialogue and story. Overall, this game feels half-finished butis definitely worth your timeif you are into the more thinking-based games that require your full attention/patience."
,Recommended,241260,13265890,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Number One,"A detective game where you have to use your brain to actually solve a case.You can actually get a case wrong if you come to the wrong conclusion.I know, what a revolutionary idea to actually trust the player to be smart enough to actually beat the game.The only bad thing I can say about it is the morality system is♥♥♥♥♥♥(no surprise there) and the puzzles aren't that good."
76561198059780209,Recommended,241260,12664017,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,crcostel,"Positives:Much better graphicsCases are individually interestingObservations of people are fun and true to SH styleMoral choices are a good ideaNegatives:Cases are completely unrelated with no overarching story linePuzzles are often repeated (ie lock puzzle)Action sequences are dumb and don't belong in an adventure gameFinal Take:This was a good game that could have been a great one. If you take the best of the great previous games - Testament, Nemisis etc and used the better graphics from this one, you'd have a classic."
76561197994486693,Recommended,241260,14061637,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ADF-Snake,"Really awesome game. Feels just like you're the legendary detective himself! 10/10 would easily recommend to anyone who likes ""Whodunnit"" games!"
76561198036599176,Recommended,241260,13781601,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dio,"This game mixes L.A Noir with some The Wolf Among Us like story, though it does not particularily mesh these two together well. The mysteries that are present are excellent, but are some what linear in the way you must gather evidence and search for clues. What prevents this game though from becoming a visual novel in my opinion, however, is the fact that not only can you reach the wrong conclusion with the clues you gather, but you are presented with a moral choice to make about how to handle the culprit/culprits you accuse. This mechanic is not only well used, but it is probably one of the few times I have felt that my choices really did matter instead of just pretending to matter. Several of the choices I ended up making or doing over have left me some serious impressions in how games like TWAU, Mass Effect, and other titles should use the idea of choice driven stories when designing their games.The atmosphere that this game also presents is very compelling. They keep true to the feel and style of the books, while still drawing from more modern interepatations, such as the floating words that shows the wheels turning in Sherlock's head that the new BBC show uses. The voice acting, for the most part, is solid, and I enjoyed these mysteries. However, there are a few bug and game glitches, and some people may be put off on the idea that the gameplay is somewhat for a more casual audience on top of the fact that there are only 6 mysteries for a 40 dollar price tag. Also, the loading screens are horrendous, often taking a consdisidarable amount of time, even on a a higher end pc, though your milage might vary. They try to counteract this problem of waiting around, (which is something you most likely will have to do fairly often) by allowing you to review your case notes, but often either freezes the game, or flatout causes it to crash.My final thoughts would be that if you are looking for style over substance, this game is certainly that, though there is still a decent amount of meat to the game. If you are looking for a game that is more focused on letting you explore a story and trying to solve crimes and an interesting atmosphere, and not for steller gameplay, then I would very much recommend Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments."
,Recommended,241260,13944089,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Tomas,"Great game, putting evidence together allowing you to reach your own conclusions out of a possible 2 or 3.There is a right answer though, so you would only tend to get it wrong either on purpose, or if you miss out on clues.The loading times can be annoying with the frequency of having to move from location to location, but I'd definitely recommend this game"
,Recommended,241260,13821603,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,LawBringer,"A solid 75/100 for Sherlock/Poirot fans. The voice acting and graphics are great. The storylines are intriguing with a good range of difficulty. There are some tedious bits, though luckily they can be skipped without penalty."
76561198043552341,Recommended,241260,13751789,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,melansonjesse45,"fresh, challenging, and intelligent; this Sherlock will have you waiting for more!"
76561198110705180,Recommended,241260,13722572,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Aedwaldr,A brilliantly interactive game that gives you the feel you would expect from a Sherlock Holmes game.
,Recommended,241260,13741958,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,HappyZavulon,"If you like mystery stories like Phoenix Wright and L.A. Noir, then this is a perfect game for you."
76561198174444967,Recommended,241260,15151207,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,locomotive282,Loved it.  Great break from the usual FPS.  Very fun indeed.
76561198099118637,Recommended,241260,13991091,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,drhusain2012,ONE OF THE BEST  its been a while since i played a game that the player actually think and thier decision matter >>> great game 9.5/10 no doubt
,Recommended,241260,14373505,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Roman K,"Frogwares are constantly improving their craft - this is obvious for anyone who played their previous Holmes games in the past, and though hiccups occur upon occasion, this one is a very obvious, very noteworthy improvement upon their craft.The storylines are superb, though some of them are glaringly obvious in terms of their full solution. But that's only for some, and they generally work out much like Doyle's short stories - varied, complex, and often incredibly surprising.The world is richly showcased, with the player being easily drawn into the 19th century London locales, and the superb writing and voice-acting only help to cement this achievement. The system of gathering clues and putting them to use in a logic system is improved, perfected, and now stands as a testament of what investigation/adventure games ought to go for. Varied choices, conclusions, and consequences.It is here that my one complaint of the game comes up - it holds your hand, often a tad too much. Items and locations that have a deeper meaning are immediately noted as such when you spot them, meaning that if you didn't use them, you *know* that something was missed.And yet, considering that certain game paths don't open at all unless you reach them as a logical conclusion, I still bow in thanks for the experience."
,Recommended,241260,14070203,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,you're a plague,"Unoptimized graphics, but good game"
76561198039593016,Recommended,241260,12383051,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Deltaday,You get to play as Toby the Dog 10/10
,Not Recommended,241260,16506607,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ashley,"A game with a lot of potential that falls short due to how bloody easy it is (the game holds your hand so much that it practically forces you to gather all the clues). Also has a serious frame-tearing issue on my system that was severe enough at times to not only compromise gameplay, but to induce headaches."
76561198250565050,Recommended,241260,22297259,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Ludacris,Backtracking Simulator 189410/10 would search for walkthrough again
76561198312647766,Recommended,241260,33137069,Posted: 2 July,all,roughbeak,Seriously a diamond in the rough game!Highly recommend!
76561198160725137,Recommended,241260,14308620,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,PadreGascoigne,"Made deductions, ended up accusing the wrong person.10/10 would condemn innocent people to death again."
,Not Recommended,241260,16724553,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DORAMATIC,"""Sherlock Holmes Cab Riding Simulator 1893""Playing this game felt like a chore it was not entertaining just a lot of busywork and loading screens. What I really disliked was that the clues never add up to a definite culprit. Once you get to the end of a case, review the facts, and look at the suspects, any of them still could have done it. Then you just have to guess. In which case what was the point of the investigation? Oh, and did I mention all the loading screens?"
,Recommended,241260,12743453,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Victop,"Muito bom, retrata mt bem Sherlock Holmes."
76561198111287726,Not Recommended,241260,18661235,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ippo,"this game is too short, some of the cases don't provied enough evidance to solve the case , so you need to guess who is the killer. and the other cases it too easy to know who is the killer.In every case somebody is murdered, so no variety.the gameplay is only 15-20 hours long , which it too short, only 5 or 6 cases. and at least one of them was in one of the original shorlock holmes cases , so I already knew who was the killer,I love sherlock holmes , and this game have a lot of potential. I will buy the sequal , if they will fix some these problems:1) move the cases to the presesnt (like the new sherlock home series on TV).2) make sure that the game won't give you the answer to the case , but give you enough evidence to solve the case with some real thought , and make sure that you don't force a guess,3) add more casess , and not only murder cases.4) make john watson usfull and not a doll.5) add funny moments.6) stop the ""press A"" quick mini games, its sucks.7) give us more options , like ""you can use a costume and go in a place"" or ""you can breake in at night"""
76561197961289954,Not Recommended,241260,16576872,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SnakeAsh,I have to say as a fan of this game series. this one was just too easy.it really leads you through the game clues are easy to find. puzzles are easy too. you really can't mess it up.  i still enjoy it tho. but im just sayin you play this and not pay attetion and your still gonna beat it.
76561198142245184,Recommended,241260,16386434,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MAXIMUS,Well 1st i thought that i would not like this game cause its find and click kinda game but you can move whit holmes too in 3rd or 1st person and so far what i have seen this game feels pretty nice and if you like crime solve games I HIGLY RECOMEND THIS TO YOU (y)And i really liked the ancient Rome case.
76561198041219230,Recommended,241260,24163317,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,mmmth,"Perhaps the best installment in the Sherlock Holmes series. Great dialogue, great stories. The challenge is putting all the pieces together, browsing back dialogue. Sometimes it takes time to understand it all, but sometimes everything is too obvious (for a fan of murder mysteries anyway). The puzzles are not challenging at all, on the other hand.I feel like the game aids the player a bit too much at times: like telling you when to use the super sight and do the re-enactments. Combining clues is rather forgiving, and results often in just smashing through to the right choice. I also felt that the Blood Bath had many red herrings, and none of the choices seemed right - it's the only case where I replayed my initial selection. I might've just missed something, so I'll probably re-do it soon."
76561198288964705,Not Recommended,241260,25267087,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,spinettoj,"(Sorry for my English I'm Italian)Great graphic and interesting stories, but it was much too easy, so easy that I felt annoyied very early. I think that if the game would be more difficult, it would became a really great game."
,Recommended,241260,18443537,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,✿,"After completing this game, i can say one thing: it was briliant. I personaly fall in love with it after watching the launch trailer. If you are into mistery then this is your game. The cases were good, with a verry nice story that does not bores you. The narations part of Sherlock are in my opinion the bbest, making the game even better. As for the graphics, i have nothing to complain, nice colors, not that demanding. I sincerely meet only one minor bug, where i could see through Sherlock's head, but beside that, nothing. This is clearely a worked game. I loved all the cases, they instigated me to more. I totaly recomend you to play this if you have the oportunity. 10/10."
,Recommended,241260,20882383,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Granny Bacon,Interesting and challenging game.
76561198027022578,Recommended,241260,12546983,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,AngeB,"For fans of this type of game, this is a five star experience. Each case is interesting and allows us to see Holmes in a new light. The music is amazing, especially the last cinematic/music after the games ending - I recommend this game to anyone...although I found everything, I immediately want to play it again."
76561198023807766,Recommended,241260,14165631,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Atila the fun,You get to play as Sherlock's Dog in one case.20/10 Would pee on watsons shoes again.
76561197983670658,Recommended,241260,12929777,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,RDef,"Enjoying this a lot more than the first one. The story progresses along well enough that it's quite easy to watch someone else play the game without feeling too bored. Probably doesn't have a lot of replay value, but it remains fun enough."
,Recommended,241260,12331263,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Patton521,"I must admit that being the owner of a few of the Sherlock Holmes games, this one held more then a few surprises. Firstly is that of the inclusion of two cases from the Sherlock Holmes novels (and if you are a true Holmesian I need not point out which ones they are), secondly is the apperance of Sherlocks brother Mycroft who was only in a couple of the orginal novels. The deduction system in this game is certianly different from all of the previous games as you can use Holmes's imagination to recreate which either have or will take place, and based on clues, testimony and evadence you also have the moral option of condeming or giving that person another chance even in light of the curcumstances of the crime they commited. Even the cases that where made up by the developers where every well done and worthy of A.C Doyle himself. I would welcome a dlc or expansion for more cases either from the novels or made up by the devs or even both! Would I recommend this game? Why that is elementary dear reader!"
76561198008366600,Recommended,241260,12336509,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Svartvadet,"Sherlock Holmes: Crimes & Punishments is a great game, both to those new to the series and for those who has played the previous games aswell. I have earlier played The testament of Sherlock Holmes and there are some differences between them. In Crimes & Punishments it's more like a crime case solving game where you find clues, interview people and have to decide which of the suspects are guilty based on what you have found. Every crime case is unique with their unique story. The game feels actually closer to L.A Noire on some points when it comes to this new gamestyle.In the previous game, The testament of Sherlock Holmes, it was more like a linier puzzle solving adventure game.The game is stable and I didn't have any bugs or issues with it. The only annoying was the lack of custom control. First time I started the game it wanted to use my gamepad as controller and I did not find any options to pick mouse & keyboard instead. I had to start the game with my gamepad unplugged to play with mouse & keyboard.The only big downside in this game really is the lack of cases. 6 cases total and it took about 16 hours for me to complete. I did not rush through it nor skipped any content that could be skipped/fast-forwarded. For almost 40€ I think it should have been more cases to solve. I think 30€ would have been a more acceptable price. Still it's a good game and well worth to buy it on a Steam sale."
76561198158287530,Recommended,241260,13214787,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Wolfsauge,"I fully recommend this game. Not a single bug. Great content. Adequate technology. I want more, more, more!Ready to dive into and explore your own corrupted self and eccentricity? Look no further!Six cases of varying complexity are waiting for you to be investigated in this game, which involve premeditated homicide, manslaughter, theft, betrayal, false accusations, extortion, bribery, as well as cases of plain self-defense, suicide attempts and planned and unplanned post crime cover-ups, all that spiced with a good deal of deception and despair coming from all sides.You will have to collect clues at the crime scenes, interrogate victims and witnesses, make experiments, even conduct a post-mortem examination and re-enact different possible progressions of events. The game is freshly designed without any need for pen and paper to master the complexities of the cases and without any repititive save-and-load-game-chores in the more difficult situations, which are usually involved in this type of game. Instead a British bloodhound is at your service, when needed, not forgetting Dr Waton's energetic support in any time of need.You think you would realize when people lie straight to your face? You like to condemn people to the gallows, without having unmistakable evidence, or do you prefer to put the reliability of your thinking to a test? Maybe you're even not endorsing the death sentence out of categorical or philosophical considerations? The cases are too complex for just guessing and the game offers a really nifty interface apart from the authentic british weather and furniture atmopshere created by the Unreal engine during gameplay, not only to review all collected evidence, support material and relevant dialogues, but also to rethink the countless possibilities of ""what-ifs?"" involved in the deductions in a systematic and comprehensible way.With all this freedom and your foreknowledge, that you accumulate by working on the cases, also comes the responsibility for selecting which information you will forward to Lestrade and the Yard and which parts you rather keep to yourself and Dr Watson. Even with your deductions executed flawlessly, the evidence rarely gets unmistakable and there's always still room for interpretation, afterthoughts or last moment surprises. Even if you get a confession from an alleged culprit, there might still be lies involved and you will need to handle probabilities just as well as you need to handle undeniable facts versus uncertainties.Playing this game is like reading six really well written and highly diversified ""whodunit"" crime novels in a row, while not only being given the opportunity to engage in the process of deduction yourself, but here you will have to also justify the decisions in front of yourself, because they will affect the continued fate of the culprits, other people involved and your reputation as Sherlock Holmes. You will have to make those decisions, that are usually a given in crime novels or simpler games, that will ultimately climax in the revelations of the cases coming to their finale. Are you worthy to call yourself Sherlock Holmes? I remember well the sweat on my brow, when I had to make these decisions while playing this game to its end.As far as I remember Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's novels, which I've read as a young lad, the game is fully respecting the heritage of this great author in its entire variety and is a valid advancement in matters of crime fiction as a genre on its own.I had 36 hours of wonderful gameplay with this title. I'm very thankful for the good design, the obviously highly accurate quality assurance during production and I can only wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone interested.I wasn't playing any computer games for about twelve years at all, and I had a single spot in the game, where I was just too stupid and not persistent enough, failing to acquire a single specific clue. There is an official walkthrough available in text form, the discussions on Steam for your guilt ridden or still puzzled afterthoughts, as well as countless videos on YouTube, which you can consult in the case you would ever get stuck in this fine game. But when you're taking the time the game is asking for, no help at all should be required to solve the cases.EDIT: This is a very subjective review of my own experience playing this game. If you prefer a more objective and concise review I recommend this review by user ""ros"":http://steamcommunity.com/id/ros1981/recommended/241260/I fully endorse the review of user ""ros"" and just marked it as helpful. It's the most accurate I've read so far, based on finishing the game myself. I find this review much better written than my own, because it is not as subjective as mine and both more concise and more accurately describing the few potential downsides of the game, which I perceived in a similar way, but didn't mention in my review - just because I found them irrelevant to me personally. However, with the responsibility of writing a review for other Steam users, it's of course better, more credible and finally more objective mentioning them accurately and without judging them, like it's done here so well, in order to prevent potential disappointment due to unfounded expectations or personal preferences. However, many press reviews I've read about it previous to my own purchase I found quite inaccurate and biased. The ""video walkthroughs"" user ros mentions in the beginning of his review can be found on the well known video platforms of the Internet without problems and also finally convinced me that this game is worth a try, which I don't regret and still think give a valid impression of the game experience, while of course are being spoilers, too. Accolades where accolades are due! Again, a great game! Just bought it another time, this time as a gift.However, let me clarify the following differences/additions I have to the review of user ""ros"":1. No save games: they aren't needed, due to game design, hard to understand, huh? Agreed. Well, you'll see you won't need them. Still they can be found easily in the filesystem as a file (PC).2. very little challenge in deductions: the clues you find do not let you make unmistakable deductions, the sheer mass of clues found I consider quite challenging and comparable to a written novel and the deductions themselves are not the difficult part, but deciding which of them are probably the correct ones is the brain-teaser! Managing the sheer mass of clues is well implemented in the game.To put the last part into other words: you can miss clues by not exploring the crime scenes enough and by not talking thoroughly enough to the crime NPCs involved (witnesses, potential culprits, ...), which then can lead you to false conclusions.. I found that to be quite an additional challenge to the decisions which of the deductions are the correct ones and that is what this game is about for me.The minigames or puzzles might indeed not very challenging, as user ""ros"" is telling, however they can all be skipped, when you don't like them. I skipped some of them, because they're really not what I was looking for originally, but I also didn't find them disturbing or too easy."
76561198031352741,Recommended,241260,21005019,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Vatska Chaos,"Going to ask a sailor some questions, but you don't want to spook him, or make him suspicious:Switch to sailor clothesAdd sailor hatFinish with ridiculous beard10/10 Sherlock"
76561198140990266,Not Recommended,241260,15183931,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Desmond Fox,"The crimes were a bit too easy to solve.  In half the cases, there was only really one possible conclusion so you didn't feel like you were really solving anything at all.  The mini game puzzles were also pretty basic.The graphics and atmosphere of the game was great though."
,Recommended,241260,27608502,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Geshumaru,"Something that was extra nice was how the game offered alternative endings and plot for stories that appeared in the canon (Black Peter, The Abbey Grange.) I recommend this for those who are fans of the ACD canon."
76561197972369732,Not Recommended,241260,25397949,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,tanelorn,"It's not a bad game, but I just felt that I was being led around by the hand a little too much.  The game is constantly telling you what to do and where to go that any feeling of freedom in an investigation is completely lost.  I feel that the game is solving the crimes and I'm just going through the motions.The mini-games are ok for the most part, but are simply used as filler.I'd give the game 4 out of 10."
,Recommended,241260,12312406,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Jackhen,Great game!
,Recommended,241260,14742259,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Joker,A murder was commited with an ice knife! it melted and weapon was never found.Since Holmes is long dead i guess i will use this method to kill my enemy.
,Not Recommended,241260,16414266,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,PapíDimmi,"This is boring and way too easy.You can also just skip missions by pressing the spacebar key, which is lame.I expected better, to be honest. Iama big fan of Sherlock stories, but this game didn't really do it for me.I'm not that far into the game yet, but it's way too slow. I think L.A. Noire is more action packed, plus it's an open world game, while this game is slow and boring."
,Not Recommended,241260,19879904,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Randy,"Game seems ok at the first look, but the camera makes me wanna puke. I can't play for longer than 30 minutes."
,Recommended,241260,13771314,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lovecraftian,"Best Sherlock Holmes of the whole series. (Except for the story in The Awakened, bring us more Lovecraft please!)"
,Recommended,241260,15191223,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,James Bell,"It's elementary, my good friends. I need not explain 'why' I recommend."
,Recommended,241260,13563846,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,cheapbuster,Criminally good
,Recommended,241260,23456881,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,tarachiupaul,The best Sherlock Holmes game so far. Waiting for The Devil's Daughter...
76561198067480825,Recommended,241260,12951365,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,buka_bu,"Seems like a test for a new engine and a new game mechanics. Kind like ""we'll try it out on C&P, and next time when we master it fully we'll give you something BIG!"" I really have this impression after playing. Too easy, too smooth gameplay, too little of worthy puzzles inside. The only challange is to pick a lock.  Like someone said: the game plays itself. But I am a fan of the series so I like it nevertheless."
76561198122484960,Recommended,241260,12946050,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Smaashley,"No spoilers.I want to start off by saying I liked the cases and the methods of solving the cases. They were individually fun and entertaining, some more complex than others.What I want to discuss is how much I did not like the game as a whole. Having played other Sherlock games by this company, I expected a lot. Maybe too much. The cases did not build on each other. The ending was lackluster. I sat here for five minutes wondering if that was it and if I missed anything because all I could do is watch Sherlock smoke a cigarette.Maybe I expected too much. I loved Testament and the ending. I finished that game feeling really good about it and even went to YouTube to rewatch the ending because it was great.I don't know if they left it open ended on purpose, but it left me feeling like I worked towards nothing. It was a fun 17 hours of game play and any Sherlock fan should love it. But I expected more from this company.PS: If you have a laptop, get a mouse or you won't be able to do any of the puzzles. Had to skip them all which made me mad because that was a lost achievement ..."
76561198094732816,Recommended,241260,22962281,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Karl Marx,"lovely stories, controls, design, graphics AND I GOT ALL THE ACHIEVEMENTS"
,Recommended,241260,21563304,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ysK,"Best detective game ever! Make your own decisions and deductions after gathering evidence. The moral choice of each case depends on how you want to solve it. There are also stats provided after each conclusion to see what other players have decided and to check if your case was solved correctly or not, and also see other players' moral choices."
,Recommended,241260,13612165,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,iTariQ,if u love mystery and these things u will buy it :0
76561198078949527,Recommended,241260,14041197,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,gaming pc build 2017,I enjoyed this meme
76561198053761875,Recommended,241260,14302630,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Metzed,"This is the best game I've ever played. I love adventure games, and the atmosphere and suspense created by this this game is superb. If you enjoy immersing yourself in history and in adventure, then you need to buy this game. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,241260,13810561,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,abe.austin,"Let me just start off by saying this is one of the best mystery games I've played, comparable to the likes of L. A. Noire.  As such, I do recommend it...but I must mention that I do so with reservations.Pros:>Atmosphere: Every case takes place in vastly diverse settings and each one is a piece of high quality design and detail. Whether on the London streets, in a mansion, or traveling along the railway, each and every one breathes late-19th century Britain and the world feels authentic and lived in. Little nuances like walking down a street and realizing that the pub window you just walked by is actually looking into a fully rendered and populated room gives a reality that few games achieve.>Gameplay: The game is divided into 6 intriguing cases. For each one you will find yourself doing the typical Holmes-esque activities of questioning witnesses, scouring scenes for clues, looking for tell-tale signs on individuals to determine their pasts, testing materials in your laboratory, and just being an all-around super sleuth. There are a variety of minigames to open locks, wrestle with opponents, and piece together clues. These can be skipped if wanted, but they aren't too difficult and they provide a pleasant change of scene. The game is very smart in how it allows you to access your case book during its loading sequences, allowing even its ""down time"" to be busy getting each piece properly fitted into the developing puzzle.>Writing/Acting: Much of the writing is directly from Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's richly-crafted short stories and the lines that aren't fit in perfectly with the rest to make a cohesive and engrossing narrative. The characters are all distinct from one another and brought to life by the talented actors portraying them. There are the occasional awkward elements but they are not the norm and are easily forgiven.Cons:>Conclusions. The journey is so excellent that it makes the lackluster conclusions at the end stick out like a sore thumb. You're progressing along, pairing clues together to make deductions, the whole picture starts coming together and you think you finally have some solid theories. At this point you, like any self-respecting investigator, you'll probably want to formulate a couple tests that will systematically prove or disprove the validity of each theory until only the true one remains. That would be the logical and scientific thing to do, which is what Sherlock Holmes is all about after all. But no. At this point the game artificially cuts you short, tells you that there is nothing more you can do, and you simply have to guess between the valid conclusions. Occasionally there was a case where only one answer made use of ALL the acquired evidence, but more often than not the ending was completely (and intentionally) ambiguous. In L. A. Noire this sort of uncertainty played directly into the theme of harsh realities in investigations that it was trying to convey, but it's not fitting here where you are meant to be the great Sherlock Holmes. Honestly I finished these levels feeling like a cheat, as if Sherlock had no idea of the truth, but had simply gotten good at spinning yarns that will convince people to believe in his random guesswork.>Loading. The game takes a long time to load the settings and it does a lot of it. You'll frequently have to travel back and forth between areas and every time you do you'll have to sit through a lengthy loading sequence. To make matters worse, often you'll load an area just to have another loading screen, this one to prepare a cutscene for that location.In conclusion, this Sherlock Holmes game is flawed, but it wasn't such as to ruin my entire experience. Frogwares has absolutely nailed atmosphere, faithful recreation of Doyle's stories, and basic gameplay. I have high hopes that in their next outing they can rectify its few (but serious) remaining issues for a truly sublime experience."
76561197995354004,Recommended,241260,13677228,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,an adorable puppy,"It's great that the game lets you reach the wrong conclusion with occasionally incomplete information. They do need to work on reducing the load times, but all-in-all good story telling. Hope they make more!"
,Recommended,241260,14211586,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,stigrv,Frogware keeps getting better and better for each and every Sherlock Holmes game. This latest installment is a truly masterpiece.
76561198059861937,Recommended,241260,19817500,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mirus,"Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments is the latest and allegedly penultimate instalment of Frogware`s series about Arthur Conan Doyle`s famous creation. SH:C&P consists of six separate cases, each taking approximately two hours or thereabouts. Two of these cases, namely, Black Peter and Abbey Grange are from the original Holmesian canon and if you are a `loyalist`, so to speak, you may follow the same line of reasoning in the original stories.SH:C&P, however, has no `wrong` paths in the game - each story features multiple leads and these are supported by various types of evidence. When you observe a fact, it is displayed on your `Deduction Board` which, this time, is an image of myriad neurons and nodes in Holmes` brain (presumably). Everytime you come up with a piece of information, there are two deductions you may derive from it, which in turn corresponds to other such deductions. Furthermore, in the end of each case, you are asked to decide whether you`d arrest or absolve the culprits. When looked at the right light, each case has an equal weight about such actions and thus, there are no clear-cut moral choices. This translates into a good deal of replayability.SH:C&P gameplay consists of 1st / 3rd person navigation as well as `sixth sense` type of perception, which highlights various clues around Sherlock Holmes. A good deal of the game revolves around dialogues, which may become more resourceful if you manage to collect more clues pertaining to your interlocutor.One rule-of-thumb may be using the portrait icon below the dialogue options before starting an interview. This allows the player to observe the interviewee and pick up on various details upon their person, such as missing buttons, dirty fingernails and other such details that Sherlock Holmes is known to be attentive about. The benefit of this becomes apparent in the Quick Time Events (QTEs) in dialogues - if a character makes a statement about which you have a rebuttal (e.g. catching their lies etc.) your prior observations may provide the correct answer.Occasionally, Holmes is required to conjure a setting, in which he imagiens how a certain chain of events has occurred. This works similar to the sixth sense feature and one needs to reconstruct the chain of events by following the possible routes in the scene at hand.Overall, the game is remarkable in its design, setting and challenges. The only drawback is perhaps its rather disappointing length. However considering the replayability it offers, this can easily be disregarded.9 / 10"
,Recommended,241260,21831307,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,MisterBlister,"There's a slight low-budget feel, and by the end they lean a little heavily on the lockpick mechanic, but otherwise this is a very enjoyable and surprisingly funny game.  The story is very loose, it's basically just six unrelated crimes that Sherlock Holmes sets about solving for various different reasons, but that allows you to just concentrate on the actual fun of solving the crimes instead of worrying about what little plot there is.  Each crime is well constructed and allows you a lot of leeway in terms of how you go about solving it, and plenty of freedom to make all the wrong choices/deductions/conclusions etc.The biggest downside is probably the frequent dashing back and forth between locations, necessitating loading screens of Holmes and Watson sitting reading in their carriage.  You can review the crimes during this period but I imagine most players would probably just sit waiting for the ""click to continue"" button.At the end of each case you can replay it and see how things could have worked out different based on making different deductions from the clues you gather.  While there is always a ""correct"" answer, you get freedom in what you do with that information, and one of the funnest parts of the game is agonizing over whether to condemn a suspect, let them get away with it, or do your best to reduce the severity of their punishment.A very fun game, very recommended."
76561197998475224,Recommended,241260,21698643,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,mrhuth,"Pros:Offers new tools to the old adventure game model.Have to combine clues, dialog, and Sherlock's mind to solve crimes.Using the new Deduction menu to unlock new dialog questions and discover new solutions to the crimes.They have added some action pieces that are QTE to the Sherlock games.Each case has multiple solutions.Negatives:Seemed like the game pushed you to the correct choice.Only 6 cases.Those damn lock pick minigames."
76561197960456205,Recommended,241260,18958925,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Kraizim,"This is a very good adventure / detective game reminiscent of LA Noir.As the legendary detective, Sherlock Holmes, you go around 19th century London solving crimes for the police.The graphics and the art style render 1890's London very well. All of the location that you visit on each case are very detailed and believable. The voice acting is superb throughout the game, and the music and ambient sounds set the mood very well.Throughout the game you'll have to question all of the people involved in the particular case and gather all of the evidence that you can find. Then using Holmes' deductive powers, you'll have to link all of the pieces together and accuse somebody of committing the crime. All of the cases have multiple suspects and multiple conclusions, and you can easily convict an innocent man if you are not paying attention.If you enjoy adventure games, this one is a no brainer."
76561198126939378,Recommended,241260,19463641,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"This is the best Sherlock Holmes you can get.Forget BBCs 'sociopath' for dummies or RDJs 'Mr Cool'. (But not Sir Ian McKellen, he was wicked)Pros:- graphics. the look and atmosphere are the there- cases, there is six and the first three were a delight.from murder to vanishing trains, it's diverse and entertaining- finding the cuplrit. you have to put the clues together and decide who will face the law- disguises, well, kind of- little minigames to further the investigation- pig carcass testing!!- Cameos from nearly everyone, Mycroft, Lestrade, Watson (duh) and othersCons:- loading times. way too many, way too long- stiff animations- some times wooden voice acting- not the best performanceVerdict:For fans of P&Cs and adventure games, Crime and Punishment surely is a treat.Dense stories and thrilling mysteries make it easy to forget the often lifeless performances.Become Holmes and detect, deduct and conclude, all in your hand.If you are bored or put off by the recent big and small screen exploits of Sherlock Holmes, then here you might find a more mature and focused take on the character."
76561198071541565,Recommended,241260,20216876,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,bps,Very exciting game. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,241260,19215179,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,lem0nwings,"Two words: gorgeus game. Unfortunately, this is why the game costs so much. Even after a discount I was hesitant to buy it. But that doesn't make this a bad game.The game mechanics are really well made. You can construct your own Holme's ""train of thought"" and come to a decision. Will you accuse a seemingly innocent person, or the definitely-he's-the-bad-guy fellow? Will you arrest them, or choose to let them go? While this may sound empowering, out of the  6 cases, only 2 give that ""uncertain"" vibe. The rest were dead giveaways and pretty easy. I really wish the game would be longer, adding more cases and varying the mini-games, that would really justify the price.Aside from the wonky running physics, character design and overall look was a delight. One major flaw is that Holmes sounds like a robot in an ESL listening test. 8/10"
76561198086014436,Recommended,241260,20117717,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,bspaulding0625,"I really enjoyed the over all gameplay of this game.  The puzzles offered a nice balance in challenging vs. simple, I only wish that there were more cases to solve!"
76561198147594342,Recommended,241260,23796632,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Plesnivous,Sir Arthur Conan Doyle would be proud! It is up to you who you accuse of crime. This was fun to play.
,Recommended,241260,16104445,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Aartform Games,"Six fun and interesting scenarios to solve. I loved the graphics and the scenarios, and it is clever how several clues can combine to suggest several different solutions to each case. It is more about exploring and mini-games than a traditional Point&Click but I found this suited the investigation well."
76561198159656682,Recommended,241260,12994305,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Muzzkn,"Overall, a great detective game. 10/10. Would prefer the addition of new cases ASAP. Personally this game convinced me to pursue a job in forensics."
76561197993457659,Recommended,241260,12975549,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,MysticBinary82,"A nice game, with a few hiccups but nothing gamebracking.I had some framedrops now and then with my AMD HD7970 but it is no fps so it did not bother me much.The morder cases are almost all nicely written and the overarching plot (which is very subtle) has some nice views on modern society.For some it might be a bit to easy but it is relaxing to play."
,Recommended,241260,13279591,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,在想念老王的日子里,"Frogwares has focused on Sherlock Holmes Games for over 10 yrs,that's what makes u think they indeed did pretty well onthem,yah?but after playing the testament of SH,I nearly lost all of my interest on Frogwares. When I saw this game, I decided to trust it one more time,and it completerly surprised me. I used 15hrs to finish all six cases. Although I don't know how long it takes to finish for other players(i think 15hrs will be better than most of others), I really enjoyed the game because of its fantanstic graphics and some interesting detecting skills which Holmes uses. The price of this game is a little bit expensive,so I know when you will be confused whether you should buy it or not, here is my advice---you don't need to be worried, you can just buy it when it's discounted, like around $20 or $30. Truly, $5 for each case is not a bad deal. I are sure you will love it."
76561198023887366,Recommended,241260,12942543,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Kjimbo,"A brillinant game. The graphics are reasonable, the voice acting and dialouge was alright and mini games kept the game interesting and allowed change (although they get stale by the last case). Each story is about two hours long so there is quite a bit of game time. The cases themselve are clevearly constructed leaving you asking questions to the end of each one but you don't need years of investigative experince because with Dr Watson as your comparison and the skills of Sherlock Holmes solving each case is... Elementary."
76561198061606276,Recommended,241260,12996901,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,erutk,THIS GAME IS AWESOME! I AM UNABLE TO TYPE NORMALLY CAUSE AWESOME!YOU BUY GAME! GAME IS FUN!9/10 Now what?s
,Recommended,241260,16120470,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Shadow the Edgehog,"Finding clues and solving many original puzzles is easy. Challenge lays in deciding who is guilty, and what to do with him\her. Because there are several suspects which have motives and ways to do crime. And it is not shown completely even with all evidence.Also, many hilarious moments with Sherlock. You would be very into the game and it's story.Don't miss it!"
76561198043893394,Recommended,241260,15399484,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Doctor K,"If you're looking for a good, fun whodunit mystery to solve, then look no further. This is a game that will give that to you and more. At least it did with me.I was sad when this game was over. I wanted more cases, tons more. I wanted them to get more elaborate and have more possiblitlies of outcomes. I just wanted to keep playing this game. This was the funnest detective/whodunit kind of game I've ever played.I like how you're in the mind of Holmes seeing neuron pathways form when a thought is reached after you've pieced the clues together.  I like how there are multiple conclusions and that you can accuse the wrong person! I like this game so much, I'm writing a review on it! I never do that.This serires has been awesome. I wish it came out annually. This is also one of the few games out there that I would not feel ripped off if there was some extra downloadable content as in more cases to solve."
,Recommended,241260,16716711,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Kyōko,Play sherlock. Don't know how to sovle crime? play some more sherlock.11/10good game
76561198301393088,Recommended,241260,24212486,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Viki,"After playing both this game and Devils Daughter, I am certain this one is better."
,Recommended,241260,14798555,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,.weiv,good!
,Recommended,241260,17451555,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,thelogicalghost,"I've played many, many point-and-click mystery games, and many games based on Sherlock Holmes. This is, by far, one of the best I've ever encountered. It's seamlessly designed, beautifully crafted, amusing, intriguing, and unique. So, full and absolute recommendation.The true moment where this game shines above all other Sherlock-ian homages is in the final moments of each case. Once you've collected all the evidence and pieced together the puzzle, you're presented with multiple ""conclusions,"" that is, multiple theories of the crime that can fit the facts and evidence. While collecting all the evidence isn't too difficult, figuring out which theory is correct relies entirely on the player interpreting the facts, leaving you, and you alone, to make that final decision.What's more, even once you've made your decision, you're given yet another choice: how will you close the case? And here, there's no correct, or incorrect, answer, leaving the ending of each story entirely up to the player, dependent on what you believe is the appropriate moral choice.The combination of strict deductive methods and a very true-to-the-source portrayal of Holmes with this moral ambiguity actually got me to care about what I was doing in the game, to pay attention to the dialogue and plots moreso than just to solve the case. That, to me, is the best win a mystery series could accomplish.However - PARTIAL SPOILER ALERT BELOW -- NO REALLY THIS MAY RUIN A REVEAL FOR YOU -- LAST CHANCE -I have one caveat, concerning one, single scene, which happens to be the penultimate scene of the game and not actually associated with any of the individual cases.There's ... some attempt at an overarching plot thread that lurks in the background of the cases and cumulates in a final confrontation after the last case is solved. You end up sitting through a cutscene that involves a militant revolutionary group explaining their motivations, which is very anti-aristocracy. If you lean left, you might call it a group of Victorian-era ""99%"" protesters. If you lean right, you might call them communist terrorists.Either way it comes across as more than a little preachy, especially since, no matter what option you pick, you can't actually arrest them. (I could be wrong, because I haven't replayed the game with every alternate moral choice path to see if being a hard case could change that last scene, but I highly doubt it would. If you can arrest them, it's still weird, though, see below.) It's not because the game forces you to sympathize with them: it's stated, if you decide against the group, that Holmes lets them go because he's irritated at the person who needs to deal with them. Still, the fact that you sit through the leader's heated defense of his cause and then can't have them all arrested, and the wording choice in the final scene, indicates a very strong political preference on the part of the game designers.Normally I would shrug and move on. It's their game; if I had fun playing it, and was engaged by the story, then a political or philosophical message is just an interesting element of the experience. The problem here is that the rest of the game is SO very wonderful by comparison, and so very well crafted to give the player that control over moral choice. Being given this ultimate choice that doesn't really represent a moral choice undermined the entire system.Morover, Holmes is a very anti-political character. Anyone who's read the original stories will tell you that Holmes is the kind of man who has memorized the law and lives by it, and doesn't give a damn about politics. Much as modern interpretations might give him depth of feelings or awarenesses, the classic Holmes, which this game was trying very much to emulate, would never allow a group of people who admitted to planning and organizing a large-scale violent act to flee in order to potentially commit more violent crimes.FINAL VERDICT -Fantastic game that I loved deeply and could not stop playing, though I really wish the last two scenes just didn't exist because they kind of ruin it."
76561198087816468,Recommended,241260,17136216,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,irfanahmed1979,"Only finished the first case till now. Here are my thoughts on the game.Excellent investigation/mystery solving game especially for fans of Sherlock Holmes stories. However all cases are murder mysteries. There could have been other types of mysteries (for example: Robbery, Accidents and Disappearances). I do recommend this game but only in sale (50% - 70% off).An expansion for the game will be a good news. Furthermore some cases should be linked in order to form a complex plot/ story. Proffesor Moriarty would be a welcome rival add to the atmosphere of the game."
,Recommended,241260,18702456,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Raggamuffin,Five word review: The best Holmes game available!+ Some good gameplay elements that make you feel like the legendary detective.+ The deduction system is particularly neat.+ You can actually come to the incorrect conclusion and condemn an innocent person.- Game is broken into unrelated chapters. There is no underlying or continuous story.- Load times are way too long. It's especially painful when you have to quickly go back and forth between locations.Playtime: 13h8/10
,Recommended,241260,12454583,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jethro-TPF-*LoF*,"It's a Frogwares Sherlock Holmes game: The plots are at least midly interesting, the puzzles range from tedious to dull to clever, the writing is so-so (except for Holmes who is the right level of a-hole), and the animations are just the right level of janky. The deduction interface is a nice addition, as is the ability to get cases ""wrong"" and also deal with the perpetrators in a manner of your own choosing. I recommend it, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,241260,16252855,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,EdgyClumsyFag95,You get to play as Toby the dog and assist in investigation at times.20/10 would help out as a pet dog again. Best game ever.
,Recommended,241260,16135728,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Merciless,"Trailers are good, and the music in them. But no only that I have a lot of experience in this. I didn't have this on steam before but I did a manual install from a disc. But this game is excellent and i just figured out you can take the serial code and put it on steam. Its out right hilarious sometimes. The deductive work you do in this game is fun. It takes time you can't just skip through it and do your own thing.The case that you do are hard, challenging and ultimately challenge your mind. I honestly think this is better then  L.A Noire which was of course a huge hit. Of course i would understand why.But thank you for this game you guys did a great job. I recommend this to anyone interested in detective work. Or just to take up time and figure out stuff and put your brain to the test. Good Luck ;)"
76561198009201598,Recommended,241260,20793931,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Milton Waddams,okay game for puzzle/novel people.
,Recommended,241260,25479051,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,BaBuuBaBuu,Nice!!
,Recommended,241260,26472632,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Woodcutter,"Probably the only time I'll ever actually experience Sherlock Holmes, seeing as I don't like the show, never saw the moves, and the other games are apparently not as good.But that aside, this game is very good, especially if you enjoy convicting innocent young men to a life in prison or execution, OR, you like to pay young boys to spy on grown men for you."
76561197970802838,Recommended,241260,24819531,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,electron#,likee.
,Recommended,241260,24882195,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Momentum,Its is the best Sherlock Holms game
,Recommended,241260,25082245,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Percutio,"A fun game, and probably the second detective game I played thus far. Compared to L.A. Noire, Sherlock Holmes holds your hands a lot during investigations and mistakes made are forgiven too easily. I would still recommend this game, but I find it a little hard to truly call Sherlock Holmes a detective game considering how easy it is to find the clues."
,Recommended,241260,25296350,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Silent Man,"Do NOT read badges descriptions - it can spoil one case.It is good, but easy game (only one case wasn't obvious). Holmes is too conceited and others are too stupid, but it is worth playing. Nice story telling."
76561198000037886,Recommended,241260,14470574,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Konky88,10/10
76561198061936119,Recommended,241260,12565890,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,miggi85,An excellent 3D adventure/mystery game with inventive puzzles and an interesting deduction/problem solving mechanic that doesn't necessarily give you the right answer everytime. Broken up into a few bite size 'cases'. Pointless morality system which doesn't really affect the game (for better or worse) as far as I can tell.
76561198229715796,Recommended,241260,29121523,Posted: 8 January,all,ponksheanand,Another great Sherlock Holmes game from Frogwares... Keep them coming...
76561197985471896,Recommended,241260,33921770,Posted: 30 July,all,Iggy,"Lots of fun, well written but I wish there was more to it"
76561198107239567,Recommended,241260,19199107,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,thefada,"A rare gem.Sherlock Holmes universe is well reproduced, and supported by very good graphics. Investigation intrigues are fascinating, and the large quantity and variety of puzzles makes this game unique!Highly recommended."
,Recommended,241260,32641552,Posted: 22 June,all,zloykaban,"Nice game, I like this kind of brain teasers"
76561198076593043,Recommended,241260,28124819,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,fivesoulrings,Ideal for Holmes fans.
,Recommended,241260,20104052,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,RainaMermaid,"I basically joined steam because I was on a big Sherlock kick (reading the books) and the gamer boyfriend told me the Sherlock games were on sale. I am a VERY casual gamer, usually stick to generic console games and DS because I SUCK at button mashing. I had not been introduced to the world of point and click games that were puzzle based, and I gotta say they're now my favourite genre.These types of games are great for people like me who enjoy rich stories, great graphics, and interesting puzzles... but maybe aren't so good with reaction times, or the first person shooters. ;)The voice actor for Sherlock is super interesting. I could listen to him narrate and talk all day! The puzzles were a good range from easy to challenging, and there was the option to opt out if you were stuck. (though I wouldn't do that, just look up a tutorial!)You occasionally play as Watson or the dog Toby and that's pretty cool. The controls are fairly simple.This game is different than the other Sherlock games. Not only is the movement and graphics better, but the world itself is very rich. It's almost like a choose your own adventure. You draw up your OWN conclusions and there are multiple outcomes for a case. Which I found really interesting because it shows you the percentage of people who played the game and got the same outcome as you!It's tricky to get all the achievements and likely needs do be played 2-3 times due to all the possible outcomes. This game is LARGE however. It's not one story like the previous games, but several. Something you can really sink your teeth into.Some of the actions can get a bit reptitive, and it would be nice if there was one common storyline linking everything together. But I still really enjoyed it and am super happy to hear they're making another!!!"
76561198004022855,Recommended,241260,25934559,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,maldorf,"Wow, great game! The graphics are superb, best I have seen in a 2014 game. The facial expressions and details close up on the faces are VERY lifelike, so much so that it is freaky. Reflections off eyes etc. The sound is superb too, right down to the hum of gas lights overhead and sounds great in dolby 5.1. The game is much more than a point and click. It does well to give you the feeling of being open world, many clues to discover and easy to miss things. Holmes has two talents that he uses to find clues and reconstruct events. This was my first Holmes game and I loved it. Very unique experience for me. I ended up convicting the wrong person 2x, fooled me. Gameplay takes a good amount of time if you dont rush, I got 24 hours out of it.The voice acting is good as well as the stories/script. You can solve the mysteries for different conclusions but there is only one correct, you also have a moral decision at the end to make. There are mini games for things like picking locks in the main game and it even gives you the option to skip it and move through it so you dont get stuck. I personally found the mini games fun, I only skipped one.The only trouble I had was the case at the botanical garden where I missed picking up a single note that a suspect had. Missing that one note made it impossible for me to make my conclusion, so I wasted about 30 minutes or more trying to figure out what the heck I missed.If you like the idea of solving mysteries then this is a must have game. At the end of each case I had a good sense of accomplishment that I had done the right thing, even when I was wrong!"
76561198002610713,Recommended,241260,17447692,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Synapze,"Have to say that as a fan of Sherlock Holmes I probably would have enjoyed the game even if it was a bit rubbish but much to my surprise and delight what we have here is a superb detective game.Special praise must go to the fantastic graphics and great voice acting which really add to the atmosphere and inventive cases to be solved.The moral decisions are a great twist on the genre and I purposely replayed the endings to see what difference my conclusions made.If you're a Sherlock fan or just want a great  and enjoyable romp, then I can't recommend this highly enough!"
76561198047549304,Recommended,241260,35046404,Posted: 18 September,all,Flow,Best Sherlock game.
76561198058043953,Recommended,241260,14512301,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,kandnm115709,"I really wished I didn't play ""L.A. Noire"" or ""Ace Attorney Investigations: Miles Edgeworth"" before playing this because there's a lot of things those 2 games did better than this game. The game itself isn't bad but I enjoyed playing the 2 games a lot more than this game.Anyways, it helped me to waste some time so I guess it's okay. Still a less enjoyable game than the 2 games I mentioned, though."
76561198188525314,Not Recommended,241260,19994246,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,IH8UrFace,"Good lord what a terrible game. I don't think I've ever been so bored in my life. I played through the first two cases, got almost done with the 3rd and then thought to myself ""What's the point?"" You do the same things over and over and OVER. The repetition was unbearable."
,Not Recommended,241260,16096209,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,CRASH-OVERRIDE,"do you enjoy loading screens? if you do them you'll enjoy this game.Sherlock homes: crimes and Punishments is a game about loading, loading screens.This game is so poorly optimized it is a crime that should be punished.Unplayable / 10"
76561197960881682,Recommended,241260,12319846,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Executioner,Beyond amazing!  This game is a force to be reckoned with in its genre.  Buy it now and thank me later.
,Recommended,241260,12390781,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,731 Squad,"So I finished this game...and I don`t know I must recommend it or not.But I know exactly that chapter worse than ""The Testament of Sherlock Holmes"".-Firstly the puzzles became much easier and it`s very sad because without difficult puzzles this game can`t be called "" Sherlock Holmes:XXX"".WARNING! In this game you can ONLY open the same locks and no more puzzles!!!!!- Secondly when you need to search documents in encyclopedia you need just read title and NO more.For example in "" SH: Nemesis"" you need to guess ciphered in the name of book riddle and then you`ll can find the right book.-Thirdly in this game you can investigate 6 different crimes and they really short.I got used to long story and it`s very good and interesting but here...-Fourthly. Watson is very useless in this game.It`s really unright. He is doctor and he has piece of knowledge of Sherlock Holmes and he use nothing at all.-The next problem. You always have the list of tasks and you know what you need to do everywhere and everytime. It makes game very very easy.About advantages.+Graphics looks nice but could be better.+The piece of the last crime is good because it`s connected with ""SH:Jack the Ripper"" and i remembered about good time in that game.My opinion 7/10. No more."
,Not Recommended,241260,16691954,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Reachground,"Horrible game. The mouse smoothing is annoying, the mini-games are boring and the mouth animations are embbarrasing. I've played through the first case and will now uninstall, never to touch again."
76561198024435435,Recommended,241260,12328151,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Wildwolf,this game is the closest game to make u have the feeling that u are sherlock holmes if u love sherlock holmes or puzzle games u will love this it does suffer from making u go back a forth alot but thats a issue with most puzzle games and it doesnt take u out the experience or stops u from solving the case so its forgiveable and in later cases u can accuse the wrong person which makes the game intresting and makes u feel like u have a output in the way the game plays out heres my full reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXWk8ifWLGM
,Recommended,241260,16068768,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Seven Minutes in Heaven,The Best Game That Require Small Things
76561198024972696,Recommended,241260,16108017,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,DALCOhstangultion,"Even though I didn't like ""Sherlock Holmes:  Crimes and Punishments,"" I'm going to recommend it.  As long as you like a fairly simple, point-and-click, detectiving-type of game, maybe you'll like it (the graphics and general production values are excellent).  The problem I had with it is that the sleuthing is pretty much buried under all the pointless, non-related mini-games you have to go through to get through the game (yes, you can skip them -- but, what's the point?).  I just couldn't accept that to figure out whodunnit, I'd have to figure out how to throw a harpoon correctly or push the right buttons at the right time to beat someone at arm-wrestling (that's where I quit).  Now, with that at-best-lukewarm recommendation out of the way, I'd also say that if you're going to buy it, get it on sale.  I'm a bit upset that I spent $10 (the current historic low price according to IsThereAnyDeal) on this and didn't like it.  I'd have been really upset if I'd paid anywhere near the list price of about $40 (especially considering that according to Steamspy, the average play time is about 14 hours)."
76561198043787903,Recommended,241260,27849646,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,fatso catso,i am a detective!!!
,Recommended,241260,15301281,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,APA.minds,I never been a big fan of Sherlock's TV shows and movies but oh boy this game is amazing.. I loved playing it and thinking to watch Sherlock Homes tv series now.
76561198135480525,Recommended,241260,21387402,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Potato Salad,Amazing detective-game ... Keeps you thinking!
,Recommended,241260,22034815,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Aristarchus,"Frogwares created an absolute winner in Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments. The game is replete with meaningful choices, light action/exploration tasks, and compelling mysteries. The voice-acting is first-rate and the graphical presentation borders on excellent as well. Full marks!"
76561198058494348,Recommended,241260,22174314,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Haze247,"The game makes you feel as though you are Sherlock Holmes, and does a good job of creating the character from Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's novels and writings of Sherlock Holmes. The many mini games are enjoyable, yet skippable, so you are not forced to play them. However in the game there are some clues (sometimes small) which are vital to the case that will not always be noted down as 'evidence', in Sherlock's journal. But this can help the game in a sense, because it ensures that you pay more attention to the little details. For some people though this may be a problem.It is very enjoyable, but there is ofcourse not a large amount of replay value, unless you want to see what happens when you convict the other suspects."
76561198251935736,Recommended,241260,22186540,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ericyhchun,The story is good. You always have new quiz to solve and never get bored.However the waiting is too long. It may take 5 mins for every transition between scenes. A large amount of time of gameplay was spent on waiting.
,Recommended,241260,21642253,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,viewtifuljay,"This is to Sherlock Holmes as Arkham Asylum was to Batman.  It captures all the nuances of Sherlock Holmes PERFECTLY from his keen skills of perception and ability to piece together seemingly unimportant details down to his interactions with Watson.  You'll don disguises, perform ballistics experiments, and engage in fisticuffs every now and then as you solve 6 different mysteries based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's writings.As a fan of this great literary character, I can't heap enough praise on this game.  This is the first game in this series I have played, and though I'm not expecting it's predecessors to be quite as advanced, I'm definitely looking forward to playing them to see how this series evolved to result in this masterpiece."
76561198192686541,Recommended,241260,21974995,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,bcadmosai,"Excellent game, a classic storyplot, with the thrill of well done, athmospheric, intimate adventure games. If only there were more games like this one!"
,Not Recommended,241260,28028862,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,akarik77,"A positive thumbs down, but a thumbs down all the same. I didn't find the cases or locales very interesting and there was no  real mysteriousness or overarching plot to bring it together (why even include the merry men?). I also found the voice acting stiff, the unnecessary travel tedious with long load times every time and the game holds your hand in every aspect requiring almost no problem solving on your part.I didn't mind the deduction system because the vagueness is how the books work as well, but it's not really a positive either."
76561198155764574,Recommended,241260,24804387,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ReVolt,its excellent. 'nuff said.
,Recommended,241260,24781648,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,megacheater208,+ Gameplay+ Cases+ Graphics+ Characters+ Choices- Story
76561198263242045,Recommended,241260,24747291,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,arabturk2003,one of the most amazing games i have ever played  ejoied it so much
76561197985589039,Recommended,241260,16184291,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"A very good title, real charm to play, if you like a good adventure grab this, you wont regret it."
,Not Recommended,241260,13851918,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,nanO.bytez,"Enjoyable piece of broken tosh.This is a first impression and I'll keep spoilers on story as low as possible.I'm sorry for the harsh entry but after over 3 months they still did not manage to weed out the crash problems. For what the forums say it's almost completely arbitrary which systems experience crashes and which do not aside from some unsupported Intel HD graphics cards or some weird controller issues.Aside from that the game is actually very enjoyable although that statement is highly subjective to be honest. At least if you are into detective games or a fan of Holmes, especially of the new movies (which Crimes and Punishemts orients itself to), the chances that you'll like this game are pretty high. The game looks good and even though it was developed with a controller in mind it plays quite well with mouse & keyboard BUT controlls are not rebindable, graphical options are very limited and not adjustable in-game. In fact you have to return to the main menu, go to the options menu, change whatever options you want changed and then manually restart the game. Dear devs, that's just lazy and unnessecary. Oh.. and the framerate is all over the place. Mostly stable at 60 but it drops frequently below 40 in some in-game menus, conversations and cutscenes which really puts you off.What really lets me not personally recommend this game though are the crashes. I experienced two in the first murder case. The first I could avoid by skipping the ""mini-game"" affected, the second though is not avoidable for me so far and prevents progression by continously crashing right after the interrogation of an important suspect. Therefore I am currently not able to provide more in-depth impressions.Once they fix their unstable mess of an otherwise reasonably good game I will gladly rework my First Impressions but until that happens consider this a carefull warning.Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments might or might not run on your system due to obviously bad optimizing. Even though I'm running this on a notebook my rig isn't all that exotic and I'm usually able to run even the most abysmal console ports as well as these things tend to run that is..Maybe worth mentioning is that there exist worakrounds for some crashes though the lack of specific error codes in my case makes troubleshooting kinda troublesome to say the least.So long,MeVriS"
76561198042873167,Not Recommended,241260,16248864,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,topdogdad,linear
,Recommended,241260,23540533,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,MeoW.kosic12,:)
76561198041073173,Not Recommended,241260,25457772,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,marcel,"Conan Doyles's novels were exciting. This game is awfully boring. You are wasting your time playing stupid minigames, which you don't know how they works, and travelling back and forth the crime scene, because the « best detectice of the World » is too stupid to search everywhere the first time he went. The deduction part of the came is far-fetched and directive."
76561198018768232,Not Recommended,241260,21201185,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Lupin III,The keyboard and mouse controls cannot be customized at all.
76561198108774777,Recommended,241260,25568111,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Korva,I threw the ciggerete in the water....I want to cry because I am happy
,Recommended,241260,18019696,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,Yes
,Not Recommended,241260,30015274,Posted: 18 February,all,goc9000,"Dreadful. This game takes everything that was bad about its Darker&Edgier predecessor, and dials it up to 11:- The game has no narrative backbone. It is a collection of unconnected mini-cases of no grander significance. Holmes could have easily have ignored them and the world would have kept spinning as before.- The engine is technologically inferior. The locations are very small and underwhelming, and yet you still have super long and disruptive loading screens. Most adventure and action games of this era blow it out of the water.- The plot departs fundamentally from the Holmesian, scientific, deductive way of solving cases. All the solutions feature heavy guesswork. More like Poirot than Holmes really.- The game holds your hand so much, it's almost impossible to miss anything. It's downright patronizing at times.- Watson is completely useless. Even Lestrade seems more intelligent and grounded."
,Not Recommended,241260,16074149,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,vamwolf65,after installed this game ..it crashed and crashed my computer ... i dont know what up but good thing it is only sale 9.99 if it happened to u guys abt crashing see if anything can resolve pls let me know ty
76561198269544330,Not Recommended,241260,19968331,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,flavors3,too hard to move around
,Not Recommended,241260,16098791,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Izzatso?,"Sherlock Holmes in an On-Rails-Adventure for the iPad Generation.After the Loading Screen, is a 2nd black Loading Screen that is breaking the Immersion.Shame that the Gameplay is not on Par with the Nice Graphics.Buy it' on a Sale"
,Not Recommended,241260,22012063,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Practical Shamanism,BAd Sherlock Holmes games are not my cup of tea
76561198056444970,Not Recommended,241260,19467851,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,thea-29,"appalling. drab, dull, repetitive."
,Not Recommended,241260,17400426,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,DarthBeak,"This game is slow paced, and sometimes you might not know what to do. I don't think this game is as good as it should have been."
76561198080702646,Not Recommended,241260,18847247,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,tgmoses,crash crash crash
76561198023251142,Recommended,241260,12328608,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,RiSe1993,
,Not Recommended,241260,13555502,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Dorian,"Game has horrible loading times between each scene. In fact, after the loading screen, the game gives you a few more seconds of loading before you can finally play! You may find yourself waiting for a minute, then playing one, then waiting again. Loading is not just between scenes, but also every single time you initiate a dialogue or start a mini-game. While you may think that it won't be too bad, I can assure you that large parts of the game mainly feel like waiting for the loading screen to finish. I had to play games on my phone or Alt-Tab out of the game to browse the web. The waiting times completely break the immersion, especially as you are often forced the change scenes frequently.Overall, this game needs several more months of optimisation and bug fixing. I encountered several crashes and a game-breaking bug that forced me to replay a whole chapter. It is worth noting that you are not free to save anywhere, but are forced into an autosave system that will save the game even when a game-breaking bug has occured.Sadly, the game sufferes from the addition of mini-games, apparently to extend game time. While you can skip them, you will miss the achievements associated with them. It may also be worth noting that several of the achievements force you into certain moral choices or force you to replay the whole game (unless you look up spoilers beforehand) just to get the achievement."
,Not Recommended,241260,25319737,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Megakoresh,"Those of you, who actually read Sherlock Holmes or any other good detective stories, shield yourselves from this travesty. There's literally nothing here except convoluted puzzles that have nothing to do with solving cases. Witness questioning can be fun, but in the 4 hours I was able to withstand this excessive boredom, I had 2 witness interviews, and 1 crime scene inspection. Everything else were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ puzzles:""Chemisty"" puzzle rules:Blue reagent must be second after the first reagent.Orange reagent must be the third before first reagent.First reaget must be the fourth after the second reagent that is the first before Blue reagent, but after fifth reagent before Orange reagent which is second after the first before third.PSHHHHHH!!! No, something isn't right. I need to start the reaction from the beginning. Again.PSHHHHHH!!! No, something isn't right. I need to start the reaction from the beginning. Again.PSHHHHHH!!! No, something isn't right. I need to start the reaction from the beginning. Again.PSHHHHHH!!! No, something isn't right. I need to start the reaction from the beginning. Again.""F this, I'll just google."" *Finds correct non-sensical order*Time for logical analysis!Cow + Grass? Nope...Cow + Garden? Nope...Cow + Theater ticket? Of course! The theater ticket is very expensive. Must have sold the cow to buy it!10/10 most legit detective simulator 1887-2015.None of these dumb puzzles are put into the game for any real purpose other than stalling player progress, making the game seem longer than it is. On top of that their descriptions have been completely nonsensical so far and had nothing to do with the solution.Witness: Soul Suspect is a better detective game than this. A lot better. Because there you are actually doing detective job for 90% of the game. Hell, Deus Ex HR and MD have more ""detective"" gameplay than this."
,Recommended,241260,12371904,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,altu {WEMP},"Exceeded my expectations from when I first heard about this game being developed. On the same order of The Testament of Sherlock Holmes but with player choices. It also plays like a Telltale game in story, quicktime events and episodes. Very good game, must-play!"
,Recommended,241260,30975902,Posted: 6 April,all,Morty Smith,BritishGuy Sillyname.
,Not Recommended,241260,24252841,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,palex00,"Cannot recommend this game for the price of 30 bucks. The murder stories are just.. a slight grips. There is no red line going through the whole game. Plus it's just a game written on the base of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's novels so I cannot see why the price is so high: The script is already there. I would have wished a game where there original murder cases that would also allow a little bit... more deepness. Like... I didn't ""care"" for anyone. I didn't know their stories - well a little bit but not... you know what I mean.So ya.. I bought it for 15 bucks in the summer sale - still not recommendeble. Get it for 10 or don't get it at all."
76561198036477697,Not Recommended,241260,16419149,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MayorOverFourThousand,This is a damn good game.
76561198111665150,Recommended,241260,22576860,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Nocturn,Boring
76561198202923880,Recommended,241260,34904025,Posted: 12 September,all,K JOE,Good game
,Not Recommended,241260,28229661,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,yegods,"This is the second time one of these Sherlock Holmes games has been completly broken and uncompleteable due to some game bug.  This time I was stuck on the Blood Bath quest, and the broken pillar would not let me insert the perforated plate.  There are no fixes, no workarounds, just dead in the water.  I'm done with Sherlock HOlmes games."
76561198154599553,Not Recommended,241260,17453637,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Rothifer T. Poppinburger,I can't wear a fedora on the first mission 0/10 worst game ever
,Recommended,241260,23667703,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Shocky The Lone Wanderer,The butler did it.
76561198034304901,Not Recommended,241260,24511123,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,mrwells,"The gameplay is quite slow and very predictable.  If you like obvious and forced game play, then this is the perfect game.  The depth/rendering gave me an instant headache and a bit of nausea.  I think I’ll have to go consider wasting money while trying not to vomit."
76561198152165602,Not Recommended,241260,28229607,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,kshid,"Want to like this game.  Trying to like this game, but it always crashes when I try to play it."
76561197961886012,Not Recommended,241260,14493256,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Сажа,"Poor voice acting, poorly written dialogue, not at all fun."
76561198290189213,Not Recommended,241260,28524974,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,William_Glozz,"Want to like this game. Trying to like this game, but it always crashes when I try to play it."
76561198031123684,Recommended,241260,12303579,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,revtks,10/10
76561198094321155,Not Recommended,241260,12333771,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,edallaspc,"Quite a disappointing game. Beautiful looking scenes and charater models - but the content is bland and empty. Perhaps wait for sale, then again, perhaps not."
76561198076234531,Not Recommended,241260,25442123,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Microwave rage,This game is poorly optimized. Gave up on it after an hour of playing because of the constant FPS drops. I have a brand new computer with good specs by the way.I can't judge the game itself unfortunately...
76561198129415859,Not Recommended,241260,34103351,Posted: 8 August,all,analphil,It keeps crashing in the deduction chart.
76561198207996871,Not Recommended,241260,32618264,Posted: 21 June,all,Pastor Ssempa,"-more hints should be given. too many times stuck in somewhere and had to look into walkthrough-coarse scene model-cases are boring.. i laughed when i see the organs in autopsy. its like for demonstration in a primary school-poor interaction with scenes-those mini games are just endless hasslesI bought this game hoping for something like L.A. Noire, but that proved to be asking for disappointment.dont buy if you are not in to solving puzzles"
76561197984691110,Not Recommended,241260,22757858,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,J Woog,"Don't buy it, just don't."
,Recommended,241260,19259590,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,hgwrites,The 6 cases/chapters were entertaining.The gameplay was fun - running around to collect evidence and come to a logical deduction using Sherlock's notebook.The graphics were beautiful. I enjoyed wandering the bright gardens as much as down a dark alley solving each mystery.Finishing the last case was fulfilling. I only wish there were more to explore.
76561198034027966,Recommended,241260,19141933,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Sinister Smile,"This was a wonderful experience. I loved every story and it's made to such a high quality, and the logic tree which lays out the clues and possibilities is excellent, allowing you to come to different conclusions rather than just being cornered into the ""right"" answer. If Frogwear makes another one of these, I WILL BUY IT!"
,Recommended,241260,19273166,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,melray1228,Very detailed and excellent stories and cases. 10 out of 10!
,Recommended,241260,18740419,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ColdKid,i'm not smart enough to crack the case but 9/11
,Recommended,241260,19295171,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,likexspinningxplates,Sherlock Holmes ftw. Great game!!!
,Recommended,241260,19377894,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,psychocygnet,"Bought this because I loved the crime-solving/evidence destroying gameplay in Indigo Prophecy. This game has an excellent mix of the QTE-based stuff in Indigo Prophecy and more traditional, point-and click elements (in fact, there are some good twists on the point-and-click gameplay that allow you to explore different layers of perception and parts of imagined scenarios). The puzzles and mini-games are flexible; there are often clues and instructions that help guide you through, you can reset, skip, and experiment as necessary, and a lot of them are interesting and fun (even by my perception, and I've been twitchy about adventure game puzzles since The 7th Guest).My quibbles: I feel like some cases could have used some more angles of deduction to clarify the ""correct"" solution and tie up loose ends, and I really wish there were DLC cases available. But hey, the terrible EA-made Sherlock Holmes game I played when I was a kid only had two or three cases, and it was actively painful to get through, so it's not like they skimped on the content here even when you compare it to similar games, and the quality of each case is amazingly solid."
,Recommended,241260,19386543,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Bioman,Highly recommended
76561198015738563,Recommended,241260,19530674,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,markcockburn376,This is the best sherlock holmes game i ever played
76561198047752428,Recommended,241260,16761549,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,topace88,"The creators of this game remembered that games should be fun.  There are no punishments for making an error.  You simply get a chance to fix that error.  For example, thre are multiple conclusions for each case.  You can see all the endings, then check to see if you were correct with your best guess.  If you were, you can complete.The way the game mechanics work, you really feel that you have solved the case.  You find the clues and then must decide what to do.It is like having an interactive TV show.I recommend!"
,Recommended,241260,16949133,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,bethjholroyd,"Loved the idea of multiple choice instead of all the clues leading to only one conclusion - this way you actually feel like you're being a real detective. I also liked the 3rd person control as opposed to the previous point and click.To top it off, the graphics of this game are really beautifully detailed.The seperate cases well all fun and very diverse.Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good old detective puzzle game."
76561198034733683,Recommended,241260,17349132,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,gavi,"For a point and click game, this is fantastic. Great stories, great graphic. What you would expect form the trailers and from the reputation of Sherlock Holmes stories."
,Recommended,241260,17359081,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,joezifer,"Offers pretty much everything you'd expect from a Sherlock Holmes game.The first four cases in particular are outstanding, almost flawless even.The avid Sherlock Holmes reader will find at least two of them quite easy to solve, though.Unfortunately the last two cases feel very rushed, lacking the detail and depth that the first four cases offered. I guess it's safe to assume that a deadline was the culprit here.All in all, even with the disappointing ending (33% of cases, maybe closer to 20-25% of play time), this game can still be recommended.A Sherlock Holmes fan will most likely not regret buying the game at full price, it's the best SH adventure yet and the production quality is simply amazing, at a discounted price this is a must buy/play for everyone who enjoys adventure games."
,Recommended,241260,18899178,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,UnsolvedMrE,"This is a great game for fans of Sherlock Holmes. The stories are rich and the puzzles are tricky. I found the graphics to be very well done (despite finding Watson in random, peculiar places at times) but the facial features are amazing. Being able to deduce your own conclusions is what really makes this game stand out. You weigh all the evidence and choose who the guilty parties are as well as their due punishment. There are only about 6 cases to solve so the game seems to end rather quickly, but I would definitely recommend this to any fans of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's work!"
76561197999235602,Recommended,241260,18559873,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Raziel,"Story:Ok (1/3)=============Graphics/Sounds:Great (3/3)=============Gameplay:Good (2/3)=============Replay Value:Low (0/1)=============Total:Fare (6/10)=============As a huge fan of the original stories, I always end up being disappointed in one way or another every time Frogwares makes a new Sherlock Holmes game. It is almost always the same experience: The games start great! You immediately find yourself at an enigmatic crime scene and get excited with all the newly added features and enhanced graphics and fall in love with the game within the first few minutes. However, Frogwares always successfully manages to let you down with a combination of inconsistencies in the plot, idiotic puzzles and graphical glitches. Fortunately Crimes and Punishments has a reasonably low number of these issues which makes it the least disappointing game in the series so far.Crimes and Punishments has a different structure compared to the previous Sherlock Holmes games. It consists of 6 different cases with different possible endings. Two of the cases are from the original series and are very nicely implemented. For each case you need to collect some evidence and make conclusions based on your discoveries. The main problem with the story is that in most of these cases there is not much that you can do wrong, in other words, as long as you click on every object that you stumble upon and don't miss any evidence, it is always pretty obvious who the criminal is. This makes the alternate endings of each case superfluous and lowers the replay value of the game.Both story and gameplay do not allow you to be very creative. There are two new vision modes added to the game. One allows Sherlock to notice subtleties that other people might miss and the other allows him to use his imagination and go back in time at the crime scene. These are supposed to be game-changing innovations that take the game to the ""next-level"", but they fail to elevate from a mere visual effect that you need to turn on every time the game asks you to do so. The problem is that the game will automatically tell you when you need to use your powers. If the vision icons are not on the left corner of the screen, you will know that you are not going to discover anything new by using your vision modes anyway. So every time you use these abilities it feels like you are following orders instead of being smart. This might have been acceptable if you could turn these ""hints"" off, or if this was an action FPS game, but in the adventure world you need to allow the players to be adventurous.There are a few technical issues in the game, such as long and unnecessary loading screens, Watson getting in your way in small rooms or corridors and etc. which could have been easily avoided but I think the amazing graphics and sound acting make up for these annoying bugs and make the overall gameplay experience enjoyable. If you are a Sherlock Holmes fan I absolutely recommend this game, but I would wait for it to go on sale first."
76561198031879479,Recommended,241260,18452188,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Valarium,This game does have a two patch problem....long♥♥♥♥♥loading screens. Other then that....I have absolutely no complaints.
76561198019696234,Recommended,241260,18464627,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,marmalada180,"If you enjoy classic Sherlock Holmes, you will enjoy this game. The meat and potatoes of this game is the deduction system where you combine relevant clues together to find inferences, which allow for 1 of 2 interpretations that ultimately lead to different conclusions for the case. Its an enjoyable mechanic that makes you think and is supplemented by the ability to do character profiles of the suspects (rather simple) and QTE counters when the suspect is lying about a point based on the evidence you have. There are also puzzles but only a few are tricky.In terms of length, the game is fairly long for its type. Six cases, about 3-4 hours each. You get your money's worth.Graphically-speaking, this game is a definite improvement from its predecessors. I've played the older games and Frogware has come a long way. It still has its quirks- Watson was submerged halfway into the floor in one case and there are some occassional spelling errors in Sherlock's casebook.As a whole, a great game for what it is. The individual cases work better than perhaps one overly long story found in previous games in the series. Hopefully there are more games in the future with better polish."
,Recommended,241260,18404615,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,bear_kemono,"I'm a big fan of Sherlock Holmes games. I have almost all of Focus' (with the exception of maybe one) games. We all know that a few of their games are not all that....great, but I've enjoyed watching them grow as a company and seeing how they've evolved. And Crime and Punishments is a huge testament to what they've accomplished. I think this a very well put together game. The story is fantastic, The visuals are great, and if you really are having a super hard time with a puzzle, you can skip it. I'm glad they kept the original voice actors, cause otherwise I don't think it would have been the same for me. I wouldn't give a high replayability (you've played the game once, it doesn't really change from there) but I haven't played for about a year now so since I was cracking it open once again I thought I owed them a review for all the time I've enjoyed with it. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Sherlock Holmes and point and clicks (while it's not a point n' click per say it does have the level of ""use this with that to make this"" and such). I wouldn't recommend the logic to much as it is honestly quite easy but it does make you feel envolved. And for being the price that it is if you're not desperate for it (as I was when it first came out) then I'd wait for it to go on sale, it always does during the summer and winter sales.-Brandi"
76561198044010763,Recommended,241260,18786456,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,QQending,Great game!
76561197993506627,Recommended,241260,18810651,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,alansaund,Love This Game.....If You Like Sherlock Holmes It's A Must Buy
,Recommended,241260,18174895,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Luxuria,"I simply love the lock puzzles!The avarege player may find the stories cleaver. Puzzles are interesting and doesn't punish you for mistakes. None are luck based, which makes them possible.Characters are spot on if you don't base them on the novel but on the TV version of sherlock homes.Graphics are really nice.What I hate about this game is the long loading time, which is understanable by the size of the maps. Atleast you can look in your book while loading."
,Recommended,241260,18222922,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Joel,"This is, without a shadow of a doubt, my favourite Sherlock Holmes game yet. The deduction system which allows for multiple conclusions gives the game great depth in comparison to the previous installations. Another interesting feature is the ability to read people by freezing time and studying details about clothing, expressions and appearance which gives unique dialogue options.Additionally, the graphics allow for fantastic immersion and clearer view of the objects around you, which makes clue-finding more natural. This is something that always bugged me in the older Sherlock games (I still have nightmares about Mystery of the Mummy). The voice acting is a lot better this time around, but it's nothing exceptional.The only issue I have with Crimes and Punishments is its longevity, as a full completion of the game clocks at about 15 hours if played slowly, with a total of 6 great cases of varied difficulty.Would I like to play more? Yes. Is it still worth the money? Definitely yes."
76561198147336090,Recommended,241260,18194216,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Releeshahn,Splendid indeed! fantastic game. Awesome! just buy it! its split into 6 short stories that you have to solve each one and even whether you absolve or condemn the culprit its up to you!
,Recommended,241260,18271205,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Boris,"This is a fun game and the gameplay is much like its predecessor. Personally I really enjoy it and am a fan of detective games as well as Sherlock Holmes in general so I do have some biases for sure. I will say the game should take you roughly ten hours, give or take 2 in either direction depending how thorough you would like to be I suppose. And for the fans of the actual collections of stories, I recognized three of the cases as similar to ones I'd read about."
76561198072202700,Recommended,241260,18111294,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Mr. President Underwood,"If you like games in which it is needed the ability to think, find, decipher and interpretate clues, make conclusions of your own and be free to solve the crime in different ways. This game is for you.If you do not, I still recommend this one for it stimulates your mind and imagination, as the case evolves and you connect the pieces.The only down point is that you can not play it forever, unfortunately, one day, it ends."
,Recommended,241260,17844278,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Games Rules,"I  Played it , what a great game simply ! I really enjoyed"
76561198147544996,Recommended,241260,17913792,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Grimmy,Great game! Great storylines/cases. Looks beautiful. Plays well. You do need a good graphics card to get the most out of it but definitely recommended!
,Recommended,241260,17219842,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,For Great Evil,"A great detective game. The facial animations could use a little work, however. And the game will have you running back and forth between locations and loading screens. But it's nothing intolerable. It's worth it if it goes on sale for enough."
,Recommended,241260,16755003,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Sam I Jam,"Fans of LA Noire, take note. Lots of the same detective concepts you loved are here, but in a more confined element. Just pure detective work and character analysis without the car chases and open-world segments. I definitely recommend for those that enjoy a great mystery and love re-tackling them to see how they play out with different decisions."
,Recommended,241260,16662080,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Alan,Saved from being merely a solid point-and-click adventure by a mechanic that forces you to choose a narrative by emphasizing some sets of facts and dismiss others.
,Recommended,241260,17877694,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mubarak,Great Game!you actually do some detective work and expect to read every so often.some nice puzzles but they aren't hard.you can find more than 3-4 concludes to each case.the character movment is wired :/and there's also lots of frame drops..I would give it 8/10
76561197970573862,Recommended,241260,16553702,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Zidz,.
,Recommended,241260,16554342,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kecksoff,Its just so goofy and clever and awrkward I love it.
,Recommended,241260,16564463,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Just Five Minutes,My video review of Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments:https://youtu.be/cJtb0smiak8
,Recommended,241260,16606028,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,MotherBoredom,"This game...is brilliant.  If you love Sherlock Holmes, or maybe you're new to the character and want to see what all the hub-bub is about, I would DEFINITELY RECOMMEND this game.  It is a detective game that lets YOU come to your own conclusions.  YOU find the clues, YOU decide who is guilty, YOU decide how to deal with the subject.  It's great.  Please buy this right now and play it."
,Recommended,241260,16612112,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Qpa,Great detail; Awesome gameplay. 9/10
,Recommended,241260,16503241,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Existenstial  Nihilism,Truly well thought out game. I recommend it.
,Recommended,241260,16631095,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lord Mountbatten,Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Loading Screens.
76561198066640185,Recommended,241260,13596865,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PurplePetals,"This game was definetely a step in the right direction for the Sherlock Holmes franchise though it was by no means perfect. What made this game stand out the most was the way you were actually compelled to see through Sherlock's eyes, a tactic that BBC's Sherlock uses by instead of Sherlock constantly telling us what he observes, we are given descriptive words next to clues and characters. This game also made a good use of the way players can connect clues and form their own opinions of who was responsible for the many cases and even what form of judgement to pass.This game is perfect for those people that are sick of being tied down to the strict plot set by most detective/search games such as previous Sherlock Holmes or even Nancy Drew games. The players are given some level of freedom in deciding what certain clue associations mean and for some cases are given the option to sentance a person, without informing the player that there are more clues yet to be found. I actually found myself completely imersed in this game and was impressed with the graphics.There were a few downsides to this game, mostly the overall plot. I understand that this game was to focus on smaller cases but at the same time the writers attempted to make us care about this underlying issue involving a group of anarchists who threatened Great Britian's stability. However the group was not referenced for me to pay much attention and when the group finally became of some importance to one of the cases. I couldnt have cared less.Another downside was the third person view though the first person view was waaaay better than the previous games. The third person view was clunky and awkward and I actually got kind of dizzy playing through the first case in this view. The camera angles just didn't support the game very well.Lastly, this is something that doesn't really affect the overall game experience but after I played through the game I couldn't help but feel what the point of having Watson was except to have someone to tag along, occasionally get in the way, and for one or two cases actually lend some form of assistance. In many cases and locations Watson would actually stand off to the side and would not follow Sherlock, which anyone playing the previous games would understand why (Watson is always behind Sherlock). However, what made the Sherlock Holmes mysteries and series so great was not only his view and how he solved cases but how Watson percieved Sherlock. It just felt like the one missing element."
,Recommended,241260,12690371,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,MTGrunt,"Sherlock Holmes:  Crimes and Punishments is an adventure/investigation game by Frogware. It was fun, but it was repeated too. It was dumbed down a little bit, but it was in the right direction. The graphics was spot on. My opinion is 6.5/10 stars."
76561198001155434,Recommended,241260,16854528,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Chad Neoliberal,The best Holmes game I've ever played.
76561198073528009,Recommended,241260,16228477,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Neko lover :3,"A really fun detective game, once you have got into it. :)In my opinion it is kinda hard to write a review about this game without spoiling anything. But one thing is certain, if you like ""brain exercise"", then this game is clearly for you.POTENTIAL SPOILER AHEAD:Today it is very popular to ""paint"" games in ""black and white"", Where there is a clear evil side and a clear good side. In this game you cant say that it works that way, when you gets to chose the very outcome of each case (as in this game)."
,Recommended,241260,16160065,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,cowll悲しい,"This game is my first entry to the franchise and I did enjoy it. It doesn't not have a one major story but rather a compilation of a short stories. It's like Tom and Jerry, one episode has nothing to do with the other. You play as Sherlock Holmes obviously and sometimes other character temporarily. This game is qouted ""His skills, your wits"" which is refering to you and Sherlock. By my experience it is true, it feels like me and Sherlock working together. He will make sense to the evidence you found throughout the game then leave you to decided and judge. In this game you to be keen because that will help you to judge better the characters. It's not a fast paced game. Players who prefer adrenaline rushing games will surely not enjoy this one. But if you like mystery, brain exercising, decision making, narrative gameplay or Sherlock Holmes himself you will surely have a good time."
76561198165721570,Recommended,241260,16487536,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TheRealDerpyGamerFTW,"Amazing...this is easily the best detective game in existance!I've only beaten 2 out of 6 cases and already have 4.3 hours at the moment+Multiple possible case endings+Ability to wear disguises+Long gameplay+Actual PUZZLES (you can skip if you aren't up to it :D)-Long load times-EVERY F***ING COP SAYS ""MR.HOLMES!""8/10 Buy ASAP"
,Recommended,241260,16525303,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dory,"When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truthAnd the truth is that this game is amazing"
,Recommended,241260,16533713,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jaragon,"Amazing game!+ Alot of different mini games+Sciency stuff+the puzzles aren't too easy, you actually need to use your brain here+the moral system actually shows you the effects of your decisions, this makes it harder to just give the highest penalty every time+the deduction system is really nice-lot's of Quick time events-long loadng screens-it is quite expensiveoverall probably one of my favorite games ever.8.5/10"
76561198048788536,Recommended,241260,16461615,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[OEPTS]Juggekhan,"A really nice game for the adepts of mysteries, good intrigues. Beware, sometimes you can pass close to an evidence without seeing it!"
76561198022295019,Recommended,241260,18014877,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,pogoyen,"Really enjoyed this one. Logical puzzles, good minigames."
,Recommended,241260,16587817,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Volkov,"If you are a fan of Sherlock Holmes - play it!This one's better than The Testament of SH. Beautiful scenes and enjoyable voice acting. As it happens, Watson is so dumb it's annoying but nevertheless the character of SH himself makes this game. The cases mainly evolve around murders and have multiple outcomings (which you might not always guess right during the first search of clues).Some weaknesses are the difficulty (too many UI hints, ""use vision now!"") and in some cases the jumps from location to location if you only need to pick up an ""object of interest"" you could have taken with you the last time you were there but the game did not let you.I am still not sure if I liked the ending.I don't see SH wanting to be involved in higher politics and making those decisions."
76561197985625510,Recommended,241260,16593165,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Totentanz,"This is the best Sherlock Holmes game I've played so far.  I love the way it is divided into several cases and also the fact that the game let's close the cases even if you did not solve it right.  The deduction mechanic really well suited for an investigation game, it forces you to think instead of making you go through trial an error until you get it right like in the other Sherlock games.  I hope the next Sherlock Holmes game is in that same format."
,Recommended,241260,16665128,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,An Epic Person,"I don't normally write serious reviews about games. However, this game really took me by surprise.When I bought Crime and Punishments I figured I was getting myself into another detective game with repeating puzzles. C&P's puzzles do sometimes look very similar, but overall they are actually quite good. From that description you would think it is, in fact, just ""another detective game"". However, it is far from the normal. What sets it apart from other games in the genre is the story. In fact, the game is so reliant on story that you are able to skip the puzzle minigames altogether.C&P envelops you in every case. Through the clue connection system in the game a simple case turns into a complex story of twists and turns. It allows you to fully understand the suspects and make decisions based on hard evidence and morals.Really its the best detective game I have played and I recommend it to anyone who has an interest in mystery adventure games."
,Recommended,241260,17651225,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Zato no Ichi,Easily the best detective game I've played. It lets you collect evidence/clues and form your own conclusions and then you can pick a culprit and motive. You are also able to do experiments to verify which of your findings are physically or chemically possible.
76561198041300903,Recommended,241260,17509076,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ferrous,"A purchase at full price is recommended, so as to support the devsBut if this is on sale, it's a must-buy. No excuse."
,Recommended,241260,17783252,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MediocreGamer,"Wonderful game overall, nice asthetics and visuals, sometimes the voice acting and lip syncing was questionable. Cases were interesting and unique from one another, and the methods in which you solved cases was really neat. The unfortunate downside to this title is the lack of a story, sure each case it's own story but there wasn't anything holding them together, I would have preferred the kind of story ideas and tone they had played with in the Pretty Little Crimes trailer. I also would have liked a more open area to explore, rather than just a courtyard or a small street.+graphics+unique case solving methods+multiple endings/possibilities per case+classic sherlock humor-lip syncing-lack of deep story/connection-restricted/small explorable areas throughout the game-long loading screens8.5/10"
,Recommended,241260,17684180,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,flegetanis,"The best Sherlock Holmes game I ever played - and I played all of them!!! Waiting for the next one - Frogwares, hurry up and go on this way!!!"
76561198007739198,Recommended,241260,14967278,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mentally Disturbed,5 stars
,Recommended,241260,15260371,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,oliver665321,While i sit and wonder who else is part of the crime im trying to figure out...then comes in a new clue. Really this game is worth what i paid for. Being sherlock holmes is lots of fun. I would like to play this one more time after i finish it. if youre thinking about buying this game wait for a sale. It is worth the 40 dollars. But there are some reviews online and by users on youtube. i recommend this game for anyone who plays fps and third-person camera games.
,Recommended,241260,15421435,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,missclip,"+ catchy stories+ relaxing tempo+ it's Sherlock, elementary...- you can't interfere at all with story line, sometimes you can choose what task to do first, but everything is kind of settled. - the price, even if I liked it, after playing it I think it should be priced no more than 30Euros"
76561197970404134,Recommended,241260,15416261,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,dadmundur,Very enjoyable
76561197978351646,Recommended,241260,15181675,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mr_Benn,"The absence of ""filler"" puzzles and more emphasis on observation and deduction make this latest entry in the Frogware series the most plausible Sherlock Holmes detective adventure yet. The graphics, animations and voice acting have all improved considerably, which makes it feel like the player is participating in an interactive movie. The research into the furniture, clothes and technology of Victorian period is reflected in the superb models which contibute greatly to the sense of immersion. If you like Sherlock Holmes you can't fail to be impressed with these aspects of the game alone.There are several new features in the game. The first is an analysis of persons appearance for clues, where you freeze time and run the game pointer over the surface of the person. Any clues will cause the game pointer to turn bright blue, when it does this, you click with it, and the clue is added to your notes. Holmes then magically produces a character portrait based on this evidence (which sometimes surprises the player).The second is an increased sense of perception. Normally in a scene, all clues are highlighted with an icon, which you can click on and which adds the clue to your notes. If there is a clue you can't see, a prompt appears suggesting to turn on the heightend perception. You turn this one, then the invisble clue appears. You can then click on it, and the clue is added to your notes.The third is imagination. Occasionally you are allowed to imagine something. On these occasions a prompt appears, suggesting to turn on the imagination. Then you see something that might have happened, which is added to your notes.Fourthly, when interrogating a subject, you can interupt the answers with another question. Again, this happens in a pre-programmed way and the questions you can choose are restricted to a limited list.There is also a clue pairing and deduction map mode, which allows you to put clues together to form mind map style deductions. You can rearrange this map to achieve different outcomes if you have enough clues, and these outcomes form the basis of your accusations.The problem is that everything is too obvious and easy because the on-screen prompts and highlighted objects tell you what to do and when to do it. And just in case you did miss anything, there's a tasklist which tells you what you need to do next, even who you need to talk to.So although this game appears to allow you more freedom than its predecessors, it is still a linear game. It would have helped if you could, in the options, choose to turn off the prompts and highlights. At least this would have made the linearity less obvious. Or perhaps a few more false leads, or red herring clues. Some freedom. But ultimately the gameplay is like an interactive movie with a limited number of pre-programmed outcomes.LA Noire had the same problem, but unlike LA Noire, this game does have a large living sandbox world to enjoy and explore. Although Crime and Punishments does allow you to jump freely to unlocked sandbox locations, those locations are still relatively small and lifeless, and once you have checked all the obvious clues there's nothing else to do there.Largely though, the presentation of Crime and Punishments is rich, realistic and enjoyable, and definielty recommended to fans of Holmes and Victorian times."
,Recommended,241260,15248724,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Gluteus Maximus,Great game which actually allows you to be a detective with a moral choice.
76561198176509939,Recommended,241260,16190701,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Vigorous Cabbages,Cases are kind of easy but still generally a good game.. Would be great if they added DLCs
,Recommended,241260,16394484,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MrWumpus,"Amazing visuals, like a postcard from Victorian England or a screenshot from Masterpiece Theatre. I keep wanting to reach out and touch the skin textures. The deduction board allows the game to avoid the linear inevitability that most mystery games end up offering, and it really helped me think through things. At the end of the first case I felt 90% sure, yet still hesitated at my conclusion, wondering whether I had paid enough attention. It really does make you think without letting you reach your conclusions too far ahead. It also shows you what % of your fellow gamers reached the same conclusion.For those inclined to actual puzzles, there are ad hoc puzzles sprinkled throughout each case like lockpicking, which you can try to solve or mercifully skip when your brain is tired.These developers deserve a shot at an LA Noire-sized production. Would love to see a more open world, and the same LA Noire facial motion capture applied to these gorgeous models and textures."
76561198009873396,Recommended,241260,16386463,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,1ButtonDash,"PROS:Amazing and fun game.  There are 6 cases all are super fun with a bunch of different outcomes.  At the end of the case you can see global stats on how people finshed them and choose to see the ""correct"" ending.  Althou that can spoil the replay value if you wanted to do the case again but it's very tempting to check and see if you did it correctly haha.I love this game so much that I just purchased the previous sherlock holmes game that came out made by the same company a couple years prior which is pretty identical in terms of gameplay.If you like mystery sort of things or games this is a must buy.CON:My only thing I'm kinda disappointed with is that from what I have read they don't plan on doing any DLC (more cases).  This is the sort of game that seems like they could make a fortune adding more cases over time but I guess maybe they wanna put their efforts totally into their next sherlock holmes game which is fine by me."
,Recommended,241260,16432485,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,FenderSaxbey,"Lots of fun. Not terribly difficult and plenty of opportunity to ""fix"" a bad guess. Graphics are good and the cases interesting."
76561198103024609,Recommended,241260,16334336,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ben Franklinstein,"I am really enjoying this game. I usually don't like point-and-click adventures, but the genre is perfect for a detective stroy. the usual frustration of looking for that one stupid thing I need just to advance the story translates better in a game where the whole point is being observant and finding the elusive clue.The setting is perfect. I can really get into being there in the stories. It makes me wish it were an open world I could just go adventure in, but the limited location sizes do help keep me focused on the task at hand.The story line is the usual tangled-linear path of a point-and-click, but it really feels like you could make a bad decision every step of the way. There are lots of minigames, and they are easy enough to not be frustrating or inhibit the story, yet challenging enough that they don't seem entirely pointless.The game is broken up into several shorter stories, which allows you to go from start to finish, and get a sense of accomplishment, without feeling like things are dragging on. The stories tend to follow the typical formula of a classic Holmes story as well (Think, ""The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes,"" if you've read it), so they are familiar and enjoyable.If you enjoy the writing of Arthur Conan Doyle, you will really enjoy this game."
76561197985774691,Recommended,241260,16332675,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,jh_79,"Having played all the Sherlock Holmes games, this is by far the easiest one. It is more like an interactive movie than a ""thinking"" man's game.  The areas are quite limited, so you don't really get lost and the game basically tells you all the time what to do. The puzzles are pretty simple and none of them were what I would call hard. The graphics are real improvement from the previous game and the game itself oozes atmosphere. I liked this game a lot and I'm waiting the next Sherlock Holmes game eagerly."
76561197980099138,Recommended,241260,16243601,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Snowkatt,"Great game, loved it. Great atmosphere, strong voice acting. They're done a solid job in cleaning up the deduction methods used in their earlier Sherlock Holmes games.I understand that fully fleshing out each case would've taken too many resources, but I missed being able to fully explore each area. Part of the joy of fps games is being able to go and explore wherever you'd like."
76561197971630754,Recommended,241260,16244738,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ironklad,"A fantastic mystery game spread across 6 different cases.  The developer did a great job nailing down the Holmes feeling, with many elements taken from the recent British series.  The judgment system allows for the cases to have more nuance that just who dun it, but also the mindset behind the criminal.  A game that ask you to pursuit truth above all else."
76561198043461447,Recommended,241260,16315567,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,midnightxpress,"Stunning. The cases, I'm on number five right now are very rich and beautifully rendered. There as so many choices one can make to convict any of the suspects based on your interpretation of the clues. My only criticism is having to go back and forth to the various locations so many times."
,Recommended,241260,16476417,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Arathalion,"Amazing Game,  you have to use some logic and make deductions which is what I am seeking."
76561197988939691,Recommended,241260,14907681,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Ed,This is buy far the best Sherlock Holmes game I've ever played.  Great game!
,Recommended,241260,14509396,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Berzerker,Great detectives game.
76561197971224845,Recommended,241260,14516663,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Demastes,"really enjoyed this game. the first 3 cases were really well written. however it goes slightly downhill after that. the final 3 cases were so easy to solve and written in such a way that there could only be one possible outcome. though case 5 did have a nice twist.over all i did enjoy the game, however £30 for 10hrs of gameplay is pretty poor value. wait for a sale."
,Recommended,241260,14551540,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,BadassKOF,"It's a more simplified version of a Sherlock Holmes game, but the simplified mechanics help avoiding some of the typical frustration in adventure games. The mistery and investigation of most of the cases really make you feel like a detective.A great game. 9/10"
,Recommended,241260,14519627,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Charby,I bought this game because you can play Toby. Best dog simulator ever. 10/10
,Recommended,241260,14191764,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Arsonist Cow,"Fantastic murder mystery game.Very unique in style from anything else I've seen. There are lots of minor puzzles in the game, which all can be skipped if you wish so and the game never seems to waste the player's time, which is something I appreciate. (although I didn't really skip anything)Some of the cases are a little too simple. The main offenders being case 4 and 6, which both had pretty obvious conclusions. But case 2 and 3 were fantastic.This is a game well worth playing if you're into murder mysteries with interesting stories, or just interesting stories in general."
,Recommended,241260,14561208,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Rico,This game is amazing. It is like a mix between The BBC's 'Sherlock' by steven moffat and Robert Downy jr's 'Sherlock Holmes' movies.
,Recommended,241260,14117242,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,~animé c'est art~,"As what has become a tradition of this franchise, Frogware keeps pumping new ideas and working with different concepts with each release. This time Frogware opted to try its hand on the slightly more open ended investigations of LA Noire, where you can accuse any of the suspects, so long as you have a viable rationale. Parallel to this mechanic is the development of Holmes's morality, mirrored conveniently by his reading Dostoevsky's classic novel.While some puzzles are little more than interacting with the right item, the overall experience will still have its challenges. In regards to the characters, Holmes continues to be a major ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and Watson a airhead; Toby also makes a comeback --woof"
,Recommended,241260,13617350,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,pnast,"I am a Sherlock Holmes fan, in terms of reading the literature and watching the TV shows and movies.  I particularly enjoy reading the stories and watching the Jeremy Brett TV episodes, since I believe his portrayal of Holmes to be definitive.  It is with this backround, then, that I acquired this game with a certain degree of skepticism -- how can a computer game truly do justice to the rich background and detail of all that is Sherlock Holmes?I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and detail of this game.  I can definitely see some character design similarities to Jeremy Brett's Holmes and David Burke's Watson, but this may simply be my over-interpretation.  Suffice it to say, the overall work done in this game is top notch and well worth playing.  There are some minor quibbles here and there, but nothing to sway a true Holmes fan from an enjoyable experience.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,241260,14710080,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,<3 Kopfklammer * Tupperware,Amazing game. Falls a bit short with only 6 cases.
76561198114720604,Recommended,241260,14937776,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,razormind,one of the best Sherlock Holmes Series
76561198009690713,Recommended,241260,14610050,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,lime,This game is a true delight. The script may as well be out of an unpublished Conan Doyle book! The graphics are excellent and so is voicework-that Australian accent in the second case cracked me up! I don`t mind paying full price for a product of this quality . Well done to the developers and here`s to the success of the series-well deserved
,Recommended,241260,14158569,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Nocturnal Stalker,"First thing, I must confess that I haven't played many games about Sherlock Holmes. Still, it's hard for me to imagine that there is any other game on the market that managed to capture the essence of Sr. Conan Doyle's story so well.This game is not just another adventure game based on a famous franchise, nor is it a game of search and puzzle. It's more than that. It's a real detective game, in which you need to gather the clues and create the deductions to reach the conclusions, one of which is true.I wouldn't say that it's extremely challenging. After all, it's not too hard to reach at the right conclusion, if you manage to find all the clues and stay attentive. Besides, two of the six cases were taken straught out of the books, which makes them so much easier to solve. But does it subtract from the enjoyment? Not at all.You also have some puzzles and mini-games as a welcome distraction from the process of gathering the clues.The only complaint I have with the developers is that they used the same facial features for multiple characters, which may be a bit confusing for some. I guess, it was done due to the low budget.All in all, a very welcome interpretation of the adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson. Highly recommended."
76561198067384731,Recommended,241260,14361715,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,superfishy,amazing i wish there was so much more including releasing the soundtrack :D
76561198054703608,Recommended,241260,21125984,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,kduyb7,"I'm in chapter 3 and except the first one, the other 2 are not from the novel (and they are not so good).Howerver, I still recommend this game since it exciting enough, beautiful graphic and story is not so bad.I really like the conducting engine. Very very interseting.The bad points of this game:- Minigame is not challenging enough & repeatative.- Why all conclusions are valid? That's not true in real life so there must be only 1 solution (except the first chapter is from the novel, the 2nd have multiple results and the game does not point out which one is the right one)"
76561197994318365,Recommended,241260,17255928,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Macanoodough,All the Holmes game's are great and this is the best one yet. Highly evolved from the last one as you'd expect and cramming 6 stories was a genius idea. I hope they come out with some DLC because I want more!!!!
,Recommended,241260,16768924,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,remm,"Great investigation game, far superior to the previous one since it takes all the interesting parts [investigating cases] while discarding the rest [pointless minigames, quiestionable playability and weird plot]. There's a lot of handholding in the form of the ""task list"" but then you don't really have to look at it.For boargame fans, it feels similar to Sherlock Holmes Consulting Detective, with some additional handholding and fewer characters in each case."
,Recommended,241260,17260301,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Maciej Medyk,"Crimes and Punishment was a quite nice detective game with 5 major cases to solve. Some of the cases were quite intriguing providing some level of complexity and enjoyment in solving. The voice acting was quite good and graphics were not too bad.Pros+ Crime solving system with conclusion mechanism was excellent+ Cases were interesting and immersive+ Evaluation of character during conversation+ Graphics were quite goodCons- Linear way of solving cases- Lots of loading screens in form of cab ride- Small locationsIt was a nice game worth a buy if the game is on sale; however, if you are looking for a good detective game I recommend LA Noire instead as there are more cases, larger locations, and also interesting story."
,Recommended,241260,17280837,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,pheeex,"Challenging game, where you can definitivly make a wrong decision...You should give it a try!"
,Recommended,241260,17328349,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Da Rat Bastid,"This game is awesome. Ive never tried this type of game before. Really enjoying it. I plan to get get more. Just grab it, its cool."
,Recommended,241260,17453451,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Biggu Bosu,"A hidden gem in detective adventures. The controls are slightly annoying, and the game sorts of handholds you too much at certain points, but how your clues and investigations affect your choices, and its consequence, are pulled off fantastically.It's one of those ones where you actually choose the suspect based on your own logic, too. None of the tells-you-who-it-is stuff.7/10, for a game of its price and size."
,Recommended,241260,17478358,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Stallionista,"Great fun to play and makes for a great string of stories. However, once you finish the stories, you know who the perpetrator is and the game isn't anywhere near as fun to play through. If this game is on sale then definitely buy it without hesitation, but if you are very tight with money then stick to the books/films/etc. :)"
,Recommended,241260,17157773,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Galmuth,"I LOVED this iteration of Sherlock Holmes. They took a page out of Jeremy Brett's Sherlock whom I adored and it really shows through the snappy dialogue between Holmes and Watson. This is one of the best looking adventure games I've played and it helps immerse you into each case you play. The game also lets you choose how to solve each case depending on how you piece the eveidence together. There will be times where the evidence will point to several suspects, and you will have to decide who is the culprit. This is a great game if you love linear games with a strong narrative."
,Recommended,241260,17159651,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,mattmacks,"Atmospheric game with nice voice acting, a very intriguing detective storyline and all around fair, albight quite simple gameplay mechanics. I had no trouble getting all the ""correct"" endings and finding all the clues, but for me the rather simple gameplay did not detract from the enjoyment of the story. Recommended!"
76561198065242262,Recommended,241260,20560413,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Наполеоша,"8/10 - Game of His name with quite interesting cases (6 + 1 ;) ). However, some of them are just to simple and could easily grow into something like ""Just click on every object in this room, connect Sherlock's ideas and chose THIS statment.Some advice - CapsLock - to♥♥♥♥♥Sherlock to move his *** faster.This should be our The ""I am the justice!"" award!After playing you are either feeling super smart or ultra dumb."
,Recommended,241260,27575229,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jezjez,Great for Holmes fans
,Recommended,241260,28921243,Posted: 1 January,all,ZerUniverse,Great game!
76561198055863344,Recommended,241260,29049385,Posted: 5 January,all,LionZ,"Yeah, not bad, not bad. Get it on sale. Because it's worth it. Watson in the game looks like a complete retard and hardly like someone who is a doctor. Not helpful at all. Just standing there voicing some generic comments from time to time, or asking you, what shall we do, what shall we do... Stupid.Other than that it's not bad, it gets interesting with the story, but could've done a much better job."
76561198263809870,Recommended,241260,28722534,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MoJoJoJo,"I did not care for the interface/controls on this game and it took me a while to get used to it. I actually almost gave up and stopped playing as it was nearly the end of the first case before I started to get the hang of it.  That being said, the story was really engrossing and I wanted to at least play the first one to the end. Once I finished the first, I was intrigued enough to keep going and glad I did.Dislikes: Interface/controls; repetive & very simple mini-puzzles, lag time to 'fast-travel' to locationsLikes: Great mysteries/cases, deductions & conclusions, skip feature for min-puzzlesThe best part of the game really is the way deductions & conclusions are done...you are allowed to put clues together and essentially draw your own conclusions, right or wrong. You also get to see how many others solved the case the same way and you can go back and do the endings differently if you'd like.I would recommend and I would purchase more titles from same line."
,Recommended,241260,29037123,Posted: 5 January,all,DavidM,"Awesome, much better than the sequel ""devil's daughter""."
76561197996423720,Recommended,241260,29019387,Posted: 4 January,all,tomlk9,"Great experience all around , plot and story right on point"
,Recommended,241260,20321110,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Death,77/10ONE OF THE BEST GAME IF NOT THE BEST DETECTIVE GAME I PLAYED!The Storyplot is soo great that i can feel what Holmes is thinking.
,Recommended,241260,24022138,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Swiss Pole,"Overall : 9.1/10This game takes you through 6 cases, all of which are unique and really cool. This is a detective game that has very little action, but honestly it doesn't really need it. When you make a deduction there are two types, single and double deductions (not sure if that's what they are actually called). Double deductions let you choose whether this details proves someones innocense or guilt, and it isn't very black and white. Singles help you single out impossible scenarios but in the end you still have to make a choic between three people.I recommend that you choose what you think on your first solve, then you can check it if you want. But the most fun is playing through each ending. I got almost 12 hours and it cost $15 playing through each ending and collecting every clue, I will eventually replay it (when I forget the cases).Verdict :Though I loved this game I don't think it would be worth regular price ($30), but $20 or less is worth it, assuming you are interested in a detective game with very little action and great stories."
76561198166542864,Recommended,241260,23910655,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Silvioz,Very nice game;sadly i found it only now after an year.It should've been promoted and advertised more than the most of the poor games out there...Personally i rate it 9/10
76561197998687345,Recommended,241260,23888216,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Laukku,"One of the best Sherlock Holmes graphic adventure games ever made (second best after The Lost Files of Sherlock Holmes: The Case of the Serrated Scalpel IMHO). While none of the Frogwares Sherlock Holmes games have nearly as good, detailed and learned writing as the Lost Files series, in Crimes and Punishments they finally arrived at a nearly perfect gameplay formula. You gather clues by varied means (observe surroundings, scan people's appearances, engage in interrogations, perform analysis and - unfortunately - do a few QTEs) and combine them in Holmes' brain to form your own conclusions. Making the correct conlcusion is an engaging challenge as there are many ways you can interpret clues, which then form further and further deductions, finally letting you either absolve or condemn a suspect."
76561198159096170,Recommended,241260,23871503,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,thylaa,"Very enjoyable experience! I absolutely loved this game and definitely recommend it to all Sherlock Holmes fans!The only thing that was a bit of letdown to me was the clunky controls that were quite annoying at times, but that is easily overlooked if you are looking for some detective guesswork :DAs a big fan of Sherlock Holmes adventures in all their iterations I admit most of the cases have been quite challenging,with exception of Abbey Grange casesince I have been rewatching Granada series and that's one of the recent episodes I've seen. It's my own fault though ;)TLDR; yes it's a good game play it"
,Recommended,241260,23867814,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tokyo Tommy,Really good detective game. Really makes you think during the cases and is very story rich!
76561198083598316,Recommended,241260,23442559,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Horrible Andy,"Not much to say here. It does have some replayability to it, so that's cool. Most people already know what their going to get with a SH game. I'd recommend this to puzzle fans and if you're a fan of SH."
,Recommended,241260,24138497,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Maute Destroyer,Nice gameplay. Beautiful surroundings. Fantastic story.
76561198243895768,Recommended,241260,29711377,Posted: 4 February,all,mohpish,The best Sherlock Holmes adventure I have played to date... The gameplay is masterfully balanced out for an adventure game which makes it nor too easy not insanely and illogically hard... Graphics are awesome yet smooth for a low-end system like mine... Cases were interesting and story line was so compelling... If you're serious about playing adventure games and you love Sherlock I highly recommend playing this one... Looking forward to play the next installment in the series
76561198188122761,Recommended,241260,29986952,Posted: 17 February,all,フツノミタマ,"awsome detective game i ever playeasy, made u want to play more and morenice graph, nice story, everything about holmes and u can be him too"
76561198008778914,Recommended,241260,29705352,Posted: 4 February,all,Ser Kezian,Really really enjoyed this game. The mini-games are really good with the right amount of hard ones and easy ones. Recommend this game to anyone who likes a detective style game.
76561198049893424,Recommended,241260,30090614,Posted: 21 February,all,Tsuki,Six separate investigations = six time more fun.
,Recommended,241260,28993389,Posted: 3 January,all,NekoVampire,"The only problem in this game is that Watson is always showing up when I least expect so he scare me some times XDBut apart from that the game is quite interesting and fun, i really love it :3"
76561198115651056,Recommended,241260,33636290,Posted: 18 July,all,aliraemigrate,loved it
76561198278718162,Recommended,241260,33712393,Posted: 21 July,all,Crime_Patrol123,I absolutely loved the game from start to finish. Highly reccomendable and it won't be a letdown. It is because of this game that I purchased the sherlock holmes bundle and I'll play all of them through. Already played the devil's daughter and it is nothing compared to this beast of a game. It is also becuase of this I got into more of the detective genre and point and click too.Recommended for people who want a break from action games or aren't too much into action. It's a light game with solid cases that are intriguing and want to make you go even further and solve the case.
76561197961875060,Recommended,241260,33837929,Posted: 27 July,all,Dr. Hollowmen,"This game had quite entertaining atmosphere, pretty straightforward mechanics and was a lot of fun."
,Recommended,241260,33840181,Posted: 27 July,all,Enchantra,"Absolutely love love this game! It is a shame there aren't more cases, but to combat that I suppose each one is very in-depth. I loved the variety of cases, the huge amount of clues you have to find, and making the moral choices. Whilst these choices matter very little unless you are going for a steam achievement, it makes you feel like you are in a proper detective role. It is a brilliant game that I would recommend to anyone! The only con for me was that sometimes Sherlock's movements were a pain; he would get stuck in the weirdest of places and sometimes he would wedge himself in front of Watson and then not move around him properly. Other than that, I think this game is perfect!"
76561198092540221,Recommended,241260,33847890,Posted: 27 July,all,🃏♠️ ♣️M♥️ ♦🃏,I have not played much of this game but overall it seemed fun I just wish I could get more into it.
76561198047798828,Recommended,241260,33866864,Posted: 28 July,all,Pete the Paralyzed Pigeon,"A really atmospheric game, which succeeds in transferring the popular ""holmes-vibe"", which led to the books world fame into unchallenging chapters."
76561198198109554,Recommended,241260,34206673,Posted: 12 August,all,segunnell,"It was good, but I'd say the Testament was better."
,Recommended,241260,34480130,Posted: 25 August,all,PurpleTartan,"Very enjoyable Sherlock Holmes game. I actually enjoyed this more than Testament, as there were less tedious ""takes 2 hrs"" to solve puzzles in it. Which was a blessing. I love that most of the cases have multiple ways to be solved and are not linear. Wonderful graphics, voice acting is pretty decent. Story and dialogue are very well written too. Honestly I wish this game was longer as I was sad when I realised I'd reached the end. :'D"
76561198402047588,Recommended,241260,33450187,Posted: 11 July,all,harrybongo1,best game i have ever played on steam amazing prise  but not open world great puzles and story and just a great game
76561198025095574,Recommended,241260,34715956,Posted: 3 September,all,irina_ooo,Very nice and not very long game.
76561198315123307,Recommended,241260,35045045,Posted: 18 September,all,halbiston,"This is easily the best game of this series, the way in which the clues link together to figure things out is incredibly good"
,Recommended,241260,35485286,Posted: 4 October,all,kolosoff,"An amazing game! I honestly consider this a masterpiece of the modern digital story-telling. The game has a very compelling set of cases to solve that are some-what tied together and each contain a variety of unpredictable plot-twists and altogether unfold into an intricate interactive Sherlock Holmes story. Any Conan Doyle fan will find similarities to the original texts in each of the cases, yet they will still surprise you.Art Direction 10/10Sound 10/10Gameplay Design 10/10Puzzle Design 9/10 (lockpicking towards the end is repeated couple times too many even though it is tied to the story)Story 9/10 (could be more character development for secondary characters such as Sherlock's brother)A DEFINITE BUY (whether on sale or not!)"
