user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,241300,34674323,Posted: 1 September,all,maybe 10%,"More of the same groove-infused, comically-constructed work of Ludosity: if you liked Card City Nights, my brief time with the sequel tells me you'll like it. There's been some sizeable mixups to the gameplay, moving from cards sitting until you've hit a prerequisite charge, towards cards 'powering up' adjacents, which then function on an independent timer.There's certainly stuff to like:Amusing extents of apathy punctuate the cards, and the shift from 'prerequisite charge' to 'powering up' allows for time-sensitive plays that encourage riskier behaviour and combo cards in the deck.The nice, downtempo trip that accompanied the first title's gameplay is back with innovative new sounds. :3You would appear to be able to challenge your friends to quick and easy online games. The button is there. I can't confirm it works; I lack the key ingredient.The systems are, unfortunately, minimalistic and lacking in many regards:The learning curve can be a bit top-heavy: going into multiplayer just enthusiastically hands you all the cards (?), and single-player boosters now return more cards (more information to process -- I may be wrong on this front). The campaign or awkward inexperienced multiplayer defeat, seems firmly encouraged by the game's systems.Typographic errors outstanding. Especially on a flagship frog's card(s).There doesn't appear to be a chat / ranking system for the multiplayer. I think being able to recognise when a participant has achieved something cool and paying homage to that is a key part of card games, digital or otherwise: Gremlins, Inc., Hearthstone, Chronicles all achieved this with little more than a few buttons.There's no achievements -- I liked pushing the updated content in Card City Nights, and the achievements helped me contextualise my accomplishments. This, therefore, feels regressive, especially for a game claiming it ""improves [...] in every way!""I'm recommending it because I expect Ludosity will update some of the errors I've raised, based on their precedent of updating the first title. Elsewise, fair warning has been given -- the campaign in its current state seems playable, but I think in small bite-sized chunks. :)"
76561198255590002,Not Recommended,241300,34706651,Posted: 3 September,all,ayninmoats,"The original Card City Nights was a fun, yet flawed, game. It was a good little ~15 hour experience for $5. When I heard that a sequel was coming out, I was pretty excited that maybe they'd fixed some of the problems from before, and got it the day of release.First, let's start with the positives:+ As always, Ludosity knocks the graphics/music out of the park. They always make beautiful-looking and beautiful-sounding games+ The character design is fantastic. Every character on the spaceship felt unique and had personality....I just wish they'd spent as much time on the gameplay as they did with how the game looks.The negatives:The card game:- Let's just get right to it: the card game itself, which the entire game is based around, is unfortunately just not that much fun. If you've ever played Magic: The Gathering, most decks play like ""burn"" decks where you just try and send as much damage right at your opponent as fast as possible. There are other possible decks to build, but they all pale in comparison.- This ""burn deck"" issue was also my biggest complaint with the original too, and it seems like nothing was done to change it this time. This card game is so unique and interesting with linking cards together that it's a shame most games simply devolve into how fast you can sling damage at your opponent.- Sure, there are other decks that are possible to build (as your opponents show you throughout the game when you crush them with your ""burn"" deck), but they are all just inferior to the ""burn"" strategy.- There are many ways Ludosity could have fixed this: removing life totals altogether and changing the strategy, making life totals higher, powering up non-""burn"" cards significantly, etc. Any one of them would have made the game more interesting.The cards:- There just seems to be a misunderstanding on Ludosity's part on how to build a balanced card game. There are so many useless cards in the game that require so much setup and support to be decent that they're just not worth it.- For example, building a ""wand"" deck (that plays lots of wands) or a MANA token deck could be fun, but unless you draw the key cards in your deck, your cards just basically do nothing on their own. It's like getting to choose whether you want a gun, or a bomb that takes ten minutes to explode, in a one-on-one fight in a ring. The bomb is more powerful, sure, but it requires so much time that by the time it goes off, you're already dead.- I wish that Ludosity had made more cards that let you search your deck for cards (enabling combo strategies), or draw more cards (enabling slower strategies). Instead, the vast majority of cards are just a slightly different variety of ""wait X turns, deal Y damage.""- All in all, when I was playing my matches, whether I won or lost just felt random. Sure, there were a few times where I made a decision that affected the outcome, but most of the time, if I lost, I'd just play the match again, and then I'd win, not because I made better decisions, but because I just got luckier that game and drew my Potatoes (which is one of the most broken cards ever).The story:- Aside from the cards and the card game, the story itself this time around felt weaker. The characters were cool, but they all felt disjointed. I missed having a rival in this game, and I wasn't sure exactly what I was supposed to be working toward throughout the game. What was my character's goal? To make ""Top Tier?"" ...that's it?- I beat the game in about 6 hours, and as far as I can tell there's nothing left of significance to do. That's less than half the time I spent on the original.I feel like Ludosity put a lot of time into making online battles work this time around instead of making the single player game better/longer. But unfortunately that came at a cost because, the sad truth of the matter is, the card game itself is just not fun enough to want to battle online with.If you've never played a card game before, or if you're an extremely casual card game fan, then maybe you'll enjoy this. But I think even casual card game fans would have an issue if their ""goblin,"" ""elf,"" and ""zombie"" decks all played pretty much the same way, and unfortunately that feels like the case here.Ittle Dew made me fall in love with Ludosity, and the original Card City Nights was a fun but flawed little game that made me smile. But with the disappointment that was Ittle Dew 2, and now this, I don't know what to think. For as beautiful as their games are, Ludosity needs to spend more time fine-tuning, playtesting, and listening to feedback on the gameplay of their games."
76561198045401832,Recommended,241300,34687536,Posted: 2 September,all,SoloPlayah,"Card City Nights is technically my favorite card game on Steam, and I have played them all. I've waited a long time for 9/1/2017 to play the sequel. These are my quick first impressions. If I feel they need to be rewritten after hours of playings, I will change it.+ The artwork, slacker theme, groove electro jazz is pretty much equal to the original.+ Cards have helpful instructions if you zoom in.+ Lots of challenging fights and deck management strategy.+ Yes, it is multiplayer now, which had better increase the fanbase.+ I enjoy collecting cards.- The gameplay has changed radically, probably due to the criticism of SOME about the randomness or unbalance of the original's gameplay. It really is jarring though- there is one giant board now, time limits on cards to charge them, and no Red/Blue/Green matching.- No real tutorial, you have to do ""on the job training"" on how to play and how to organize your cards.- They did try to enhance the GUI for card filtering, but wish I knew which cards were ""new"" and I do not like to scroll vertically on my existing deck. The sheer number of cards (200) is also hard to wrap your head around. With so many cards, it is a shame your deck has to be small.- Although the music is in the same spirit, I found the melodies to be more atmsopheric than before. I am hoping that as I get deeper in the game, I will encounter better melodies.Conclusions: If you are a COMPLETE n00b, you HAVE to get the original for the slacker/apathy theme and music. If you are an old fan, you will have to learn how to play #2 from scratch, but it is not as addicting or fun for me YET. For some reason, CCN2 is more of a short session game than the binge-worthy CCN1, where you keep playing to beat a hard opponent or to find cards. I have a feeling the devs wanted to make a new mature gameplay engine, but I really dug the original's. Pretty sure they would have sold the exact number of copies if they had added new levels, characters, cards, multi-player, maybe a slight modification like giving spaces on the board powers, without rebuilding the gameplay."
,Recommended,241300,34683989,Posted: 2 September,all,Flying Shisno,"Even better than the first Card City Nights. It plays similar to the first CCN, but instead of two seperate boards, you and your oppenant play on the same 3 tall, 6 wide board(basically both boards side by side). Every card has a number to the bottom right of their picture, indicating how many turns it'll take for them to. When you connect 3 cards, those cards become 'powered' and the timer starts counting down, and once they finish counting down, it'll resolve and enact the effect shown in the cards description, if it has one, then the card disappears. Some cards have high resolve counters and no effects, but that doesn't mean they're useless. Once a card is powered, it'll automatically power any card you connect to it, meaning you don't have to connect another 3 cards(which will take 3 turns respectivly), and you can just chain them together, and those high timer cards with no effects usully have a lot of arrows, so they serve the purpose of setting up combos.Like the first CCN, this is a strong single player game. But this time around in Card City Nights 2, there's an online Versus mode, letting you play against Friends.The Music and Sound Effects are good, and the Art Style is the same as CCN, but even more varied. And of course, this game has great humor as well.If you like card games, and/or want a strong single player card game, this is what you're looking for. If you're a fan of the first Card City Nights, then youMUSTget this game, since it's even better than the first."
,Recommended,241300,34671553,Posted: 1 September,all,craizen,Wow. Awesome music and nice gameplay so far. I am really enjoying the sequel to CCN. Will give a full review once I put more hours  into it.BTW really nice  intro/start screen music. <3
76561198072396806,Recommended,241300,34747491,Posted: 4 September,all,RoyStorey,"I really enjoyed this a lot more than the original, which I enjoyed but felt was too barebones. They’ve rebalanced a chunk of the card game and designed it in a way that more deck types can be viable. I also feel that they improved the flow of the story mode; In the original, it got pretty easy to hit a wall at points and you’d have to grind away, but here I got the impression that they offer multiple paths if you got stuck at one opponent. They’ve also finally added online play, which I haven’t tried yet but planning to once I get enough of the cards I’d like to use.If there’s one minor gripe I have with the game it’s that I think coming across booster pack/cards is a lot more uncommon than I’d expect. Most of the prizes are coins to use to trade for packs, but other than that card prizes don’t happen often. Which means it’ll be a while at the beginning before you’re really able to make a solid new deck, but at least what they give you at the start is serviceable.Overall, if you really enjoy CCG games, especially the adventure-based ones of the Pokemon TCG GB or Monster Rancher Battle Card series, this is absolutely worth a pickup."
76561198023705570,Recommended,241300,34753208,Posted: 5 September,all,Panarchy,"The original Card City Nights is one of my favourite digital card games, reminiscent of the gameboy pokemon card game. The only thing it lacked was the ability to play against friends online.In Card City Nights 2, the developers have revamped the game mechanics to a one board, ticking clock, chaining card game, with a bunch of fun mechanics, and a whole new story mode. The story mode of the original definitely felt longer, but CCN2 comes with the long awaited online play feature!While fans certainly do have some suggestions for ways to make the metagame more dynamic, these critiques may be premature, as it's still early days, but with the promise of more reasons to play online, and especially a draft mode (which can currently be seen in the game's single player campaign), I'm looking forward to a vibrant future.Oh yeah, and the music and art are fantastic as usual.7/5 stars"
,Recommended,241300,34984138,Posted: 15 September,all,ScouSin,"If you played the original, you have like no reason to not buy this entry.  It retains the quality graphics, music, humor, and vibe of the original.  Just the same, if you're a fan of Ludosity's games, you'll still appreciate all of the references, subtle and otherwise.  The gameplay is updated with a similar, yet different playstyle.  Instead of playing on your own board, you share a large board with your opponent.  You can block each-others' cards, and cards will stay on the playfield until they tick down and resolve.  This allows for a greater versatility on card designs.There are some of the same balance choices from the original.  Do you want more power at the cost of arrows?  In addition though, cards can have effects while they hang around and tick down to 0, cards can change the color of your opponent's cards, and all sorts of other interesting stuff.  This allows for many more effective deck designs than in the original.There is online play, but despite Ludosity's top notch quality, their games don't have as many purchases as they should, and so few people play the online mode, this is really sad as I believe there is a lot of fun to be had facing other people.  Still, don't let this deter you.  The single player mode is complete, and tons of fun.  It is well worth the $10 USD on its own.  If you haven't played the original, you don't need to have played it to enjoy this entry to its fullest, but the original is an amazing game as well.  Don't wait for a sale, buy both now."
76561198116379581,Recommended,241300,34687531,Posted: 2 September,all,mxi,"I didn't play Card City Nights one, but as a big fan of card games, I decided to give CCN2 a try.I don't regret it at all. At first, the zany art and ridiculous story was a bit off-putting, but both soon grew on me. Well, the art style at least. The game itself was very different from any other game I've played, and the uniqueness was definitely refreshing. The storyline progression was fun and challenging, and I liked the different archetypes: Apathetic Frog and Goddess of Explosions, for example. It's taken me six hours to finish the main branch of the storyline (claiming the Ultimate Reward) but there still seems to be content afterwards. I really like that; I can't imagine it's easy to make a mostly single player card game with a lot of fun content, but this does it well.There's apparently multiplayer as well, but I haven't given it a shot yet, and I'm not sure I will. The card game is pleasingly simple and yet convolutedly complex at the same time. I'm not sure how I imagine the metagame of CCN2 to pan out, but the nuances of the game are a lot more than they seem at face value. With the booster packs and trading with NPCs, you can definitely do a lot of fun experimentation.So now, the complaints. The storyline was fun but a little too childishly written; then again, if you're buying this game and seeing the art, then expecting some sort of super deep meaning, that's your problem, not theirs. The tutorial introduces you to the basic mechanics of the game but then leaves you flailing. One of the most important mechanics, CHAINING together activated cards, I had to find out for myself. Also, traitorous cards were foreign to me at first; Space Jenny seemed like the most overpowered thing in the world. Additionally, I completed the storyline with very little deck structure. I lost quite a bit on certain opponents, but in general, I didn't bother tailoring my deck. I just slapped together the best cards and went at it. If this is reflective of how a competitive metagame might be, this game might be relegated to single player only. Obviously, it was intended to be a singleplayer game, so no real complaints there, actually.Overall, this game was fun, and well worth the price. Without playing CCN1, I was able to have a lot of fun playing this game, and there's even more to be promised. It's addictingly simple yet there's enough to appeal to those who want some sort of thinking challenge. If you're into puzzles, cards, and lighthearted amusement, this is a game for you."
76561197977170646,Recommended,241300,34803974,Posted: 7 September,all,CheeseLikeSubstance,"Loved the first game; I definitely recommend this one if you've already played through the first. If not, you should probably play the first one first unless multiplayer is a huge draw for you."
76561198045102033,Recommended,241300,35138822,Posted: 22 September,all,Candy,"This is the most unique and fun card game I've ever played, and its way better designed than the first card city nights. If you are looking up a game to learn and play against your friends, this is the one to do it. Or if you're more into playing by yourself, there's a good length story mode with challenge modes if you want to play more. The art style is cute and the writing quirky, the only thing they could have done better is bring back rock enthusiast (best gf)."
76561198052493779,Recommended,241300,34725985,Posted: 3 September,all,trachy,"If you're coming into this game as a fan of Card City Nights, expect to be very happy. The devs listened to feedback on the first game and have added plenty of features that were asked for while still keeping the charm of the original. The big addition is multiplayer, which was the most demanded feature for Card City Nights. The game also surprised me by including a single-player draft mode which I'm certain to become addicted to (plus the devs have hinted that they're working on multiplayer draft functionality). And there's a ton of cool little secrets like little games and a random comic generator.The humor and art style is what I've come to expect from Ludosity and that's a really good thing. The whole game feels like a labor of love and I can tell by playing it that these are a group of people who really enjoy what they do."
,Recommended,241300,34893401,Posted: 11 September,all,RIGHT LEG OF THE FORBIDDEN ONE,"I spur-of-the-moment bought the first CCN upon release and instantly fell in love with the game and characters despite never having touched almost any of the crossovered properties. When CCN2 popped up as releasing on my news feed, grabbing it was a no brainer.Card City Nights 2 is a deck building/puzzle game based around activating cards by placing them in a chain. Each card has different arrows that can be connected and most cards have an effect such as damaging or healing. More gimmicky cards exist and there’s enough variation on the cards to keep most of them interesting, though unfortunately a handful of cards do get power creeped out pretty easily.Fans of the first game are probably thinking that this sounds a lot like the first game. This game is not like the first game. I am going to quickly point out a few key differences:*The entire game takes place on one board. You must now pay much closer attention to your enemy’s cards, as blocking is a very real strategy and, in fact, is one that the AI will start to utilize against you once you hit mid-game. In addition, more cards have effects on the opposing player to reinforce this change.*Cards now have a countdown once activated, rather than activating immediately upon a completed chain. Activated cards in their countdown phase can trigger new cards matched with them. This pulls two new factors into play. First of all, you now have to have the foresight to have a card ticking down before you strictly need it, but not so soon that it triggers and does nothing. Second, this means that in many decks you will have to keep up a pace so that you constantly have cards activating other cards. This makes having a good flow of arrows in your deck a little bit more important than in the first game. This also makes a lot of the healing cards lackluster. In my experience there were two to three healing cards that will likely see much use, the others you will probably ditch.*There is much more variety in the way of gimmick cards, now. In the first game most of the gimmick cards were pretty basic. They get more complicated and niche here, there’s a lot of options for decks. While I personally am not entirely sold on the validity of some possible gimmicks, they're cool enough to have fun with.Overall I found the actual cardplay of the original to be more my style, but all the same I am glad they tried out something new. It keeps things fresh and all in all it is still a very enjoyable core gameplay, even if it takes a little getting used to. I enjoyed the new gameplay, I just found myself preferring the old.The games presentation is great, there are quite a few charming characters (though a lot are really similar to their ccn1 personas, who are in turn inspired by their counterparts in other Ludosity games. It’s to be expected and doesn’t get in the way at all. I don’t have the greatest knowledge of Ludosity’s catalogue but I’d assume it is pretty cool to see the reimagined characters if you are a big fan of their games) a great soundtrack, and some really nice art. CCN1 had charming art, CCN2 takes that style and polishes the heck out of it while staying true to the series’ aesthetics. The game looks and sounds awesome. The game also encourages you to actively look at the art, as clicking various background objects will sometimes reward you with card sleeves, money, and rare cards. Finally, my childhood humongous entertainment adventure days have paid off!The game is a lot of fun and I enjoyed my time with it. There were some downsides, though.The game balance is a little wonky. Like the first game, the computer player grows smarter and more adaptive as you progress through the game at a pretty smooth rate. Not all decks are created equal, however. Since every enemy has a unique deck set, Around mid-game you’ll encounter extremely hard opponents followed by a chain of extremely easy ones. On one hand this does encourage you to build a new deck designed to be good against the deck you are having trouble with, which is awesome and is fair enough for near the end of the game. However when you encounter the first opponent that spikes difficulty, you probably won’t have the cards needed to be that flexible. This results in an indefinite period of grinding (because what cards you get are random. You could pull what you need in 10 tokens, or, while unlikely, it could take you 200 tokens). It’s not the biggest deal, but it does have potential to interrupt the game flow quite a lot and a more consistant curve would be preferable.The hacking mechanic is cool, but since it requires coins AND a copy of the card you’re hacking AND you are not able to tell what the cards hacked effects will be until you have performed at least one hack on that card type, It is not very efficient to use until the end-game. I feel like the coin cost at the least could be done without. It’s not much, but if it were to be even a little more assessable earlier on in the game I would have had more time to explore the gimmicks and hacked cards before at the end-game.All in all, I enjoyed my time with CCN2 and will probably attempt a challenge run (You unlock characters that, when picked, enforce additional rules on your playthrough). If you were a fan of the first game, then definitely pick it up. If you are new to the series, then I would recommend you start with the first game instead unless you anticipate playing a lot of multiplayer."
,Recommended,241300,34691453,Posted: 2 September,all,Travathian,"If you really liked the first, then this is more of the same with some new features and added complexity to the cards."
,Recommended,241300,34772762,Posted: 6 September,all,Paperclips,"Very good game, first one is still better."
76561198020169990,Recommended,241300,34677672,Posted: 1 September,all,デデデ,"Fantastic sequel, and now with added multiplayer!"
,Recommended,241300,34670963,Posted: 1 September,all,Lethe,"I had a blast with the original Card City Nights and liking this one so far, will update as I play more."
,Recommended,241300,34713048,Posted: 3 September,all,Tondo,Excellent game.
76561198036677205,Recommended,241300,34668743,Posted: 1 September,all,louismorel,"I love this game to death. Please, give it a try!"
,Recommended,241300,34692512,Posted: 2 September,all,Sklett,Excellent video game with many different cards and funny people who say funny things.
76561198043468072,Recommended,241300,34689734,Posted: 2 September,all,sir.eggy,Yes! YES! YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESS! Finally a sequel! :D
76561198013878077,Recommended,241300,34687980,Posted: 2 September,all,DanGerouS_InTeGraL,Amazing card game. Nice music.As always.
76561198026287035,Not Recommended,241300,34740423,Posted: 4 September,all,chilleo,"I was really expecting this to give me a day or two worth of fun like the original did, which I was actually a pretty big fan of despite it being a fairly small and limited game overall. Unfortunately, I really don't think I am even going to go on past the one or two hours I have put in so far. First off I am crashing every time I try to play a little arcade mini game. Then there is the fact that there is really not much new or interesting about the story mode. There aren't even steam achievements to encourage me to try out different deck types and pull off interesting combos. But the icing on the cake is the online play. The game has been out for three days and there is no one playing online and you cannot find a game. It's a shame."
,Not Recommended,241300,34926478,Posted: 13 September,all,Mouttu,"I'm giving this game a negative review for two simple reasonFirst, I played the beta thoroughly, it was very different from the finished game, proving that beta testing was very useful. Yet, I had to pay for the game at full price, which I think is a d*ck move from Ludosity since we really helped themSecond, the final boss is really  badly designed. I understand the joke, but it's just painful to play these match."
76561197968863721,Recommended,241300,34758706,Posted: 5 September,all,Grandpapy,"Not the same as the original and* still a lot of fun.I like that it is different enough you can't just copy your old strategies. I had to experiment and play around a lot more than I expected; having participated in the beta testing. The space theme and new story setup surprised me too because they put a lot more extra OPTIONAL dialogue if you want to go back and visit areas, but at the same time if you want to rush through the story that can be done too."
,Recommended,241300,34755692,Posted: 5 September,all,Rabid Jawa,"The sequel to one of my favourite games ever that is not only as good as the original but maybe even better (played CCN1 on ios and left the most comprehensive review ever posted for that game and probably played it more than anybody else ever did, it's sad but I'm not exaggerating). I was so happy and surprised when this game came out without me knowing about it.I like singleplayer card games with packs/card acquisition, diverse deckbuilding, and boss-style encounters. I firmly believe that CCN1 and also now CCN2 are the best available, probably also alongside the old digimon card battle game on PS1.Not only is the gameplay fun and the deckbuilding interesting and diverse but Ludosity have a great art team of two members and an absolutely hilarious writer, and the music is nice and relaxing as well - this generally goes for all of their good games and CCN2 is no exception.Thanks Ludosity... it's always a pleasure playing your games. Looking forward to the next one and please consider a CCN3 if this one does well so that you can give me that ""kid at Christmas"" feeling of excitment again that few things in life do any more. It probably seems silly but I love these games so much. If not, another Ittle Dew game won't go astray ;)"
76561198262121612,Recommended,241300,34981550,Posted: 15 September,all,HollowGuy,"Better than CCN1.Better artwork, soundtrack, characters and better Tippsie.I love that u finally can play it online.Best card game ever. 10/10"
,Recommended,241300,34884265,Posted: 11 September,all,Tiger Weeds,"Card City Nights will always be a game installed on any of my PC. And yes, it's that good.The artstyle, gameplay and story are Top-Tier. I recommend this game to anyone.In serious note, I will do a full, detailed and complete review of this game when I have the time. Stay tuned lol"
,Recommended,241300,35068785,Posted: 19 September,all,<solzgamez,4 of my hours were on the damn aracade mini game dont play it its soo not worth it
