user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,241560,25406702,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Jozhxy,"Uplay is going to giveaway AGAIN on 18th Dec 2016https://30days.ubi.com/Promotion/Calendar/More info:hereIt's pricy, lowest discount was -50%If you haven't bought the game yet, STOPUbisoft is giving out for free (1 month period) to claim permanent starting Sept 14 2016 to 13 Oct 2016[/h1]https://club.ubisoft.com/en-US/ubi30After you claim on Ubisoft, if you want to buy DLC on Steam, read the comments or search forums before you buy. To be safe, I don't want to give any wrong info.Pros- Intersting story, lots of challenges, PvP, great graphic, huge map for touringCons- Not all cars are available to buy, physics sometimes screw up (if u go too fast and slightly touch any bumps u can fly away)"
,Recommended,241560,16411678,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Professors Review┤Game Pros• Open World• Day/Night Cycle• Large selection of cars• Multiplayer• Tons of cities and areas to explore• Car customization• Weather SystemGame Cons• Basic storyline (Takes a very short time to beat, 1-3 days max depending on how long you play)• You can sometimes get disconnected from the server (After a long race, it sucks)• Handling is quirky (After some upgrades it gets better)• Some races make you rage quit (Not really a con. Just fair warning)• You can only see up to the 7 closes players to you. Which makes the ""MMO"" title feel lacking.Relateable Games• Forza 5• Project Cars• Burnout ParadiseConclusionOverall, the crew is a really good racing game. If you're looking for another one to get into, I'd highly suggest this one. Not just for racing, but also the exploration factor. With all the time i've put into this game, I havent even seen 75% of the map.(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)Looking for more steam friends? Feel free to add me!"
,Not Recommended,241560,13823117,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,A 2 Liter Bottle of Soda,"Well. The Crew... I honestly was dying to get this game, and I dropped the $85 for the gold edition. I figured since I loved racing games to death that this would be the perfect fit for me. But boy was I wrong. I do have a lot of fun on it but beware, the car physics are horrible and the map is sub-par at best. You get this hype from looking at the game that it's going to be awesome with a gigantic map and tons of cities to drive through but then you get in and BAM, there's only 2 cities that are slightly like 10% close to the historic scale of it, and those two are LA and New York. The problems with those are they take up 1/4 of each region they're in. West Coast: 75% nothing, 25% LA. East Coast: roughly 40% New York and 60% Hills and forests. The handling in the game is sub-par too, which I kinda braced for knowing it was on a havok engine. But when you really get into it it's one of the single most disappointing things in the game. Most of the cars either handle like you're steering them with your feet or handle like you crank the wheel over on each turn even if you're trying to only follow slight contours in the road.+The cars are nice+The map is still nice despite the major lack of any cities between New York and LA+Bonneville Salt Flats is acutally made to a barely historic scale (only for the speed area)+Street cars handle pretty well+Circuit cars are hilarious+Circuit Silverado+HUMMER-Miserable offroad physics because of the vehicle flipping limitations, Raid car physics leave a lot to be desired-crash cutscenes are the most annoying things ever and tend to take ~15 seconds to go away-Missions are subpar at best-Campaign is linear and not even racing-some of the fastest cars in the game are some of the slowest performance cars (Koeniggsegg Agera R: 279 mph fullstock (amazing buff), and 219mph level 1299 perf tune. Real/recorded top speed: Nowhere near any of these at 263mph)-Between LA and New York the cities are horrible and very half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 90% of the giant cities that rival LA are just represented as small towns (Dallas, Washington DC, etc...)-A lot of major cities aren't even represented in the game (Houston, Phoenix, Glendale, Palm Springs [I know it's in the game but that's like one house, palm springs is a pretty nice place], Denver, etc..)-The game feels like minimal effort was put into it.--Crashes every 1-3 hours, usually during something important like the end mission or a skill--Graphics depend too heavily on shaders and shadowing, not real effort and modelling skills.-Cops are kinda annoying but really not bad any more, updates changed the police and made them hilarious golf balls for Hummers.-Tuning the H1 to Raid spec is horrible because it tunes it like a gas engine. The Duramax LLY diesel tuned to 600hp on a would NOT have only 700lb/ft of torque, it would EASILY be in the 4 digits (around 1,150ft/lb) for torque and it would be unstoppable. Work on diesel engines, then it gets my vote (granted it's an extremely small gripe because I still love the H1 to death ingame)-Mapping is horrible, around Black Mount there are patches of trees floating 5 feet off the ground and trees growing in the middle of the train tracks that the train just drives through, and in New York the storm gutters in the tunnels underground have no collision meshes and your wheels get stuck underground if you hit that area.My personal thoughts on this is they should put it as an early access game, not a full release game. This release is just.. For lack of better word, it's just not good, it's an incomplete game marketed as a full game.If they announce they have no plans to do any major revamps I would never recommend this to any of my friends. All in all, The Crew pretty much turned out to be exactly what I hoped it wouldn't be, and that is just another overhyped game that isn't worth the money, destroyed by Ubisoft forcing the game developer to cut a lot of corners and release a broken gameEDIT: My view of the game went up a lot with the addition of the Mini with a circuit tune and a Ford Focus with a Raid tune (the 2 funniest cars in the game now) There were plenty of updates after that but I have neglected to mention them, but it's still not worth paying the full price for, anyone interested should get it while it's on sale.Another edit: They fixed a lot of the AI issues, the races are extremely easy to win now if you play your cards right. The cops are like golf balls for Hummer golfing.Still not worth the price tag, though.Thank you for reading.The game is getting better but it still leaves much to be desired.EDIT: 1/27/2016 Also since Wild Run released the game WILL NOT run AT ALL for some reason.EDIT 11/23/2016 I fixed it and it runs fine, still the same issues and fun things though. Again, not worth the money whether or not it's on sale. UBIsoft even tried to give it away."
,Not Recommended,241560,13366905,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Chromfell,"Over time and what not, Ivory Tower corrected some of the issues. Corrections are written initalicafter each section. Enjoy reading!After more than 70 hours of playing this, this is what I observed:""RACING-MMO""?Announced as an Massively-Online-Multiplayer-Game, a single Session only holds 8 Players. ALSO: Uses NAT-Connection system. A player who is not in your region won't necessarily be able to join your session. The Crew(Steam Worldwide)? Yeah, sure.(April 2015: They improved matchmaking, merged PvP-Lobbies and improved game hosting, it's basically faster now. No other sewere issues were changed online-wise.)CARS:This game holds a breathtaking amount of 27 cars + DLC cars. And they are not even available in every spec. Test Drive Unlimited 2 had 130, for comparison. They also handle next to nothing realistic. Muscle cars have better grip than a BMW. RWD, FWD or AWD? No difference either.(March 2015: Handling SEVERLY improved, more and more specs got/get added every month. April 2015: More specs added, Raid DLC pack added.)ENVIRONMENT:Pretty neat. Animals. People. Cannot be touched but still a nice additon (That's Ubisoft Reflections for you there --> Driver:SF). The Map is huge and even after 40 hours of normal play time you wont even have it explored half-way. Environment is a huge plus here. Very good. 7.8/10 because there's too much undetailed water.(March 2015: Water updated, better reflections, realistic depth effects and more natural colours.) Yes, I am seriously criticizing water. It looked horrible back then, believe me.TUNING:Well, yes. Better than Rivals. Not as good as Underground 2. It's not bad compared to other recent racing games and you can tune your car just enough to be ""individual"". Severe Lack of stickers.(March 2015: This game is OVERFLOWING with a giant variation of stickers!)AI AND POLICE:THE RUBBERBANDING IS REAL. Ivory Tower SERIOUSLY managed to make a rubberbanding system 1299 times WORSE than EA. It doesn't matter if it's a Crown Vic, F-150 or Corvette. Cop cars have astonishing speeds of up to 250mph (400kmh), weigh about 30 metric tons and can seemingly drive through traffic, other cop cars, YOU if they want to, and can make objects in their way such as fences merely DISINTEGRATE. Also, if you're too far away, they just fly to you. Really neat. It's impossible to outrun a bunch of Lexus Sedans with a high-end Ford GT. The cops either keep up with you for 20 minutes straight or magically stop chasing you after 10 seconds. Sometimes they jump. Sometimes they fall through the ground. But most importantly, a CROWN VICTORIA can just BRAKE and STOP in front of a HUMMER H1 WITHOUT TAKING DAMAGE AND SUCCESSFULLY STOPPING THE 4 TONS HUMMER H1 IN UNDER A SECOND. Oh, and the cops bust you in like 3 seconds. Also: If you're under 30mph, you've got next to no chance of escaping the cops.(March 2015: weight-Issue corrected! Police cars weigh about 1.5 tons as they should and you are able to escape them too, pursuits are A LOT more fun now. 3-second-bust not changed. Disintegration and teleporting still exists too.)IN-GAME-MONEY:Not enough. There's just not enough. Everything is overpriced, the game is almost dragging you towards its microtransactions. 40000 Crew Credits for 6$. You're not even able to buy a car with these 6$. 40000 is nothing. You can buy 4 good vinyls with that. Stickers.ALMOST. THEY ALMOST HAD IT. IT WAS OKAY FOR LIKE A MONTH AND NOW THEY CUT THE FACTION REWARDS BY FRIENDS INHALF. RIDICULOUS.April 2015: YOU GET EVEN LESS NOW! WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥!CONNECTIVITY:As I mentioned before, terrible. NAT-based. Lag Simulator 2014. There's a pretty high chance you can not play with anyone outside of your region, depending on your NAT-type.SERVERS:UbisoftGRAPHICS:Pretty good...? Textures not too great, and I'm not talking about the world. Your characters jacket looks like it's from Just Cause 2. No mirror reflections in first person mode. Alternate graphics in first person mode, increasing SSAO. Might cause frame drop on older graphics cards. Framerate absolutely awful compared to other games. Distant textures --> Assassins Creed: Unity. Texture filtering? Not really.This game is still unfinished.IGNs 6/10 is completely justified.Polygons 4.5/10 is still justified.My rating below based on my listed points in this review:MMO-Aspects: 4/10Cars: 6/10Environment: 9/10Tuning: 6/10AI and Police: 2/10Online Features: 3/10Graphics: 6/10Overall: 5.1/10  (This was the initial release score I gave The Crew)6.2/10 (Early March 2015)5.4/10 (Early April 2015)As you can see, the score didn't really improve much over time.This game is in the Top 3 Worst Releases Of 2014 in my opinion.They are all Ubisoft. How depressing.And yes, I'm kind of still playing it after writing this (negative) review. They continue to add more content (that should've been here by release but whatever) so that kinda keeps it going. Will edit each month or so.I LIED. I DON'T WANT TO PLAY THIS ANYMORE."
76561197970482842,Not Recommended,241560,13875599,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,[KGB]  Sparkles,"This game can be summed up into two words, ""Wasted Potential"".The Good- Large detailed map than can be driven for hours on end with little to no repetitionThe Bad-Sub par car selection-Car/Driver levels are pointless as all races/racers will scale to you- Cheap AI features that borders on cheating/hacking, they can move at impossible speeds, plow through obstacles with no slowdown, will rarely spin out while a slight nudge will send you flying-Bad navigation system, so many times the navigation system will point me to an off-ramp only to curve back onto the highway, or will direct me through obstacles including wallsSimply put this is a lazy attempt by the devs, they did not put proper effort to make this game fun. Instead they took the cheap way out and its more frustrating than fun. It is not an MMO. They intend to  fix the problems but this is just another game that follows the disturbing trend of releasing unfinished games for full price then slowly fixing it to be what it should have been. I wish i could get a refund and spend the money once I  see a REAL COMPLETE game but i guess i just have to hope they actually do what I paid for.EDIT: Please remember the history of the game that when i wrote this review it was a buggy mess, there have been updates and changes to it but I for one am finished with this game for now."
,Not Recommended,241560,13262211,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Rawrlex ♥ Meowlex,"Well, that was The Crew...After about 42 Hours ive seen the most things, beat the Campain and most of the Challenges.I bought ""The Crew"" with Hope for a Game that would be as entertaining as ""Test Drive Unlimited 2"".If you played that before, you will notice the similarity, many parts of TDU2 are also in The Crew.Sounds good right? No, not at all.Short Pro+Contra List on bottom of the ReviewWhat they both have in common is for example that the Police Cars are either always faster than you, regardless if you drive 100 km/h or 300 km/h or give up after 100 meters for no reason at all... Also the AI and Catch-Up-Systems during Races are equally bad.Other than that,Test Drive Unlimited 2 had probably over 130 different Vehicles, from many different BrandsThe Crew has maybe 40? (Until Ubisoft will add more DLC Cars for extra $$$)In Test Drive Unlimited 2 you had 1 small and one big Island as Gaming Worlds, Ibiza and Hawaii.The Crew offers 1 Map, a minature version of the United States.When the Servers at Test Drive Unlimited 2 are down, you can keep playing your Savegame in Offline Mode.When the Crew Servers are down, you cant even Launch the Game.Test Drive Unlimited 2 offered a lot of things to do, you were able to go to a Driving School before races, to make Racing Licenses, to buy Houses, Cars, Bikes,Furniture for your Houses, you were able to customize your Avatar with clothes, Haircuts, Makeup, Accessoires. Also there were more design options for the Cars as well.It was possible to go to go into the Houses, walk around, similar to ""The Sims"". You could visit other Players homes, take Photos, there even was a Casino where you could play Blackjack, Poker, Slotmachines with other Players... and a few other things.The Crew doesnt offer much, dull and short Story Races, there are nice Cutscenes, but the Story itself is rather dumb.  There are also PVP events where the fastest Car always wins, nevermind how bad the Driver is..., Fraction Missions, Skillchallenges, Sightseeing and not really many customization options.BUT: At least you will have fun here, when youre able to drive around the Map with a Friend!While i played The Crew, i often asked myself how awesome the Game could be, if it was also developed and published by Atari and Eden Games.Ubisoft delivered, as expect, another Game that feels unfinished, like they stopped the developing Process at the Late Alpha Stage and just published it to cash in, for next Years ""The Crew 2""?For example, you sit inside your Car, the Driving Mirror and Side Mirrors dont show anything, They are just grey.Same goes for the Racing Wheel Instruments. They were supposed to show Speed, Gear and RPM, but they also just show you a fantastic grey bitmap.Only a few Cars have an Animation for a Gearshifting Character. Inside most of the Cars, the Avartar just keeps his Hands on the Steering Wheel and the Gears shift magically.There are probably a few more little annoyances, but those points are already unnecessaryI would expect that from an early 2005 Game, but not from a 2014 release.The Things i liked about The Crew,  were the incredibly detailed surroundings.You see NPC's walking around, like a beggar moving his belongings in a shopping cart, Prisoners knocking stones in front of a Prison, Planes and Helicopters flying around ... and many more realistic Daily Life Events.The Map is filled with Wild Animals, they move a bit strange, but are still a nice addition.Also the Animated Sky looks really nice.What else is left to say? Yeah. The Cars.While Test Drive Unlimited 2 had a very good balance and Car selection, The Crew's Cars are very unbalancedThe Crew got a bunch of overpowered and ugly (My opinion, yes.) American Muscle Cars.They look like they weight 5 tons, have the aerodynamic values of a Brick Row House, but got a surreal good handling and can easily outrun a Lamborghini.Thats just plain dumb.Besides that, there are a handfull european and asian Cars. But yeah they are the minority in this Game.The Handling of the Cars alltogether is good, mostly. The Handling of the Offroad Vehicles can be very frustrating.For sure this wont be any fun playing with Keyboard and Mouse.Pro and Contra for the Lazy People:+ Very detailed environment (Working NPC's, a lot of Wilflife,,...)+ Better Graphics than Test Drive Unlimited 2+ Detailed Leaderboards and Statistics for everything+ Good Car handling and controls, with a few exceptions.+ Open World, you can drive wherever you want~ Servers are down for Maintenance regulary, and when they work, it can happen that you still dont see any other Players.- - Uplay Launcher- Sometimes the ""Play with Friends"" Option works, other times it doesnt work at all.- No Offline Mode- Rather small Fleet of Cars- Unrealistic Engine Sounds- Missing Animations for Cockpit Mirrors. in some Cars also for Gear switching and Steering Wheel Speedometer, non funtional Indicators- No possibility to add your own Music- Boring and monotonous Storymode, Races are too short.- Not many Customization Options- The Crew was announced as a ""Car MMO"", but there are only up to 8 People in one Session.- No changing weather conditions (Except of Snow in the Mountains.)- Microtransactions- The Cars look great, but some of the textures of trees,bushes,... and the water look rather bad.All together i would say, ""The Crew"" has nice looking Cars, but it isnt the big next Generation Racing Game that was announced and promised.Its good for cruising around with Friends (If youre lucky enough to get a connection..) , to find out a few things about the United States, but in the Main Category ""RACING"" it lacks a lot.You can pick it up when its on sale for 20 Bucks, its not a completly bad Game but i can not recommend it for the full Price."
76561198090257049,Recommended,241560,32174907,Posted: 4 June,all,CTU1,"pros:-imagine if the people who made the old mx vs atv games decided that they were going to branch out into open world racing games, thats what we have here.-for a first attempt, blends the mmo and racing genres really nicely, the levelling system for cars combined with the per part bonuses, and perk system were well done-the driving physics while pretty arcadey are still a lot of fun-theres a decent amount of variety with all the specs-the map is ♥♥♥♥ing huge and theres tons to explore-there was an attempt at a story other than ""start as some nobody, become god"", it certainly isnt the best story, but better than any racing game ever-i really love that they took the time to put other types of vehicles into the game, im lookin at you pickup trucks, the buggy, and all the different motorbikes-you can be a cop-the graphics could be better, but are still decent-it is so much fun to play with a friend, the crew system is real awesome-monster trucks, there needed to be a special note for them-ignoring the limitations on parts depending on what spec you choose, decent customization options-you can literally go anywhere, and theres activities wherever you do choose to go, or however you choose to play-friendly to new players, you get one of each spec for freecons:-the after story activities can get a little grindy-its a bit pay to win, bucks are a little too hard to earn, and you can buy a special currency if you are too lazy to earn said money, i understand they need to maintain the servers, but cosmetic only next time, and no exclusive paid vehicles-the release was terrible, and it took 2 years to add stuff that should have been in the game right from the beginning, and we had to pay for dlc for them to do it-the pc version is plagued with issues, i cant see my friends when were in a crew, the game crashes lots, i dont have a wimpy pc and its still a bit jittery at times, stuff like that which should have been fixed by now-pathetic limitations on parts depending on what spec you choose to use, if i dont want ♥♥♥♥ing carbon fiber on my perf spec car dont make me put carbon fiber on my perf spec car!-we should have been able to design our own stickers for our cars-disregarding all the different specs for a moment, it could use some more cars/trucks/bikes-it took them 2 dlc to improve their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ release graphics- the driving mechanics were fun, but at times lacked logic, a drift car should be able to maintain a drift, not just slide for a bit and slowly lose power, and why can my monster truck not drive over other cars-why does my hq look the same in every location that i go, and why do i not get a say in where its located, let us pick next time, and design different interiors-while a good start, the mmo/rpg mechanics need to be more refined and interesting next time-while the map size is impressive, key landmarks still seemed pathetically small in most circumstances, it took me less than a minute to drive the lake pontchartrain causeway... thats not right mandespite all of its shortcomings the crew is still one of my favorite open world racing games ever, the decent mechanics, huge map, and the fact that it reminded me of the mx vs atv games i used to play as a kid have helped it greatly in achieving this, the instability on pc upsets me because i spend less time playing which makes me sadoverall i give it a 9/10 i still play a lot this day and i have it on ps4, pc, and xbox one, and i will continue to play as long as ubisoft maintains the servers"
,Recommended,241560,17131400,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Joshua Benson,"Alright, here we go... Take your time reading this. If you are still confused whether to buy this game or not, go ahead and start reading. ""TL; DR"" may occur. Scroll down to the ""Verdict"" and “Pro & Con” to see my final words.This game is still reasonably okay, what's with everyone? Let me explain why this CAN be a fun game:What they have been expecting was this game to be as super as it was marketed; like those people that claim that have never heard of hype-trains before. But the core element of the game is enough. This game has a bunch of minor flaws that e.g.: Microtransactions, and deceptive speed perception.I can satisfyingly say that as a sim racer (mostly playing Assetto Corsa, GSCE, rFactor, Project Cars, etc.) this game is a decent arcade racer that allows me to use my G27 wheel with good FFB (for an arcade game) in a cockpit camera (yes, the driver is only turning 180° of the steering wheel, but you can use your full 900°; just like in DiRT Rally). 'Been playing this game co-op with a friend, driving for 8 hours STRAIGHT through the U.S. Of A. and we are still not done with discovering, not even at the slightest. AND, bugs are mostly gone... (or reported ones I have not encountered, yet).What I have been determined to do was:-- driving to explore,-- to have fun with friends escaping the police,-- and driving a few races here and there;Let me tell you... it is good at that.What? ...You expected this game to be an ultra realistic driving game with an open world just because you read ""simulation"" in the tags on the store page? -- Yeah, with expectations like these you are wrong here, entirely. Yes, cars may drive sluggish with a gamepad, but I cannot confirm that entirely. It might have been the assists, an older version, or their own gamepad (again, I don't use a gamepad, I stick to a wheel). BUT, what I can confirm is that driving fast seems to be visually slow (for me only when I drive with the rear camera views). Although, that feeling stops when I change the view to the hood or cockpit camera. Don't think I'm trying to command you to now play the game in cockpit view (because that is personal perspective), but to try it out at least, or accept that the game's visuals are deceptive. You may compare this game with Test Drive Unlimited 2,I can already hear that you are screaming out loud that TDU 2 was a good. Sure, these two games are extremely similar:A galore of land to explore (it is not 100% accurate to the USA, but WTF, the game is still HUGE),Multiplayer that had you roaming with others,or even competing in challenges with 'em,it allowed customisation of your car,cop chases,Don't compare this to Project Cars (or any other try-hard sim-cade/sim) for example...-- This game just lacks the physics,-- Project Cars has the sole purpose of organised racing (the game is not about street racing, ramming, and cop chases),-- and a career that has no background whatsoever.Do you smell something fishy here? I do, let me tell you:The game is not a ""10/10 best game ever"", but this is a decent game, it has potential that it builds upon. People have to distinguish between this and the ""hyped-up version of this game (the one on E3). Yes, Ubisoft has failed at that part; miserably. Bragging with their ""revolutionary new MMO racer"", though, in the end it just being ""vanilla"" -- but a good one at that! The game also had huge bad mouthing due to the epic-failing AC Unity and WATCHDOGS.Adding microtransactions to your game whilst being an AAA is never a good idea, I agree. But the thing is (unless it is a car you really want) you can buy it for about 2 bucks, it is not that much. You are also given 100.000 CP (Premium currency) at level ten to buy yourself a bunch of cars (three at least). There are not that many cars to buy when it comes to cars that have to be bought with real money. With the ""Wild Run Expansion"" that is to add even more content (Drift cars, Dragsters, and Monster Trucks) there is actually something to enjoy again soon, this may also incentivise portions of the community as well.Graphics are looking well, the game runs at Ultra settings with 60 FPS (R9 270x Sapphire and i5-3470 @3.20GHz multi-core); only Anti-Aliasing is reduced to FXAA. The sounds of the cars are just as good as they were in TDU 2, might even compare them to DiRT Rally. The Crew should be regarded as a successor to the TDU series, for Atari has faded away due to bankruptcy.Okay, now let’s talk pro and con:Pro:-- The Crew offers a huge map to explore-- Cop chases-- The body of a car is highly customisable-- Each car has a number of different setups e.g. “Performance”, “Dirt” or “Street”-- Easy to acquire performance parts [a lot of them]-- Grinding is almost non-existent (just play the game; you’ll see)-- A demo that allows you full access for two hours-- The faction system keeps you busy after the story-- Amazing sound for an arcade-racer-- Much longevity to it if you are into the aforementioned activities-- Good graphics-- (The Wild Run Expansion will feature a complete graphics overhaul)-- Fun cruising with friends-- AI is of little focus; the focus only lies in the cops-- Finding new playersCon:-- The speed indicated seems to be exaggerated (for most people)-- Physics (mostly when falling from a cliff) are way too sluggish and heavy-- Visual tuning is limited e.g. colours, vinyls.-- You can only select from a pattern of vinyls, not individualise-- Gamepad controls/Keyboard controls have been reported being “icey” and “skatey”-- AI is just… “meh”, it sometimes speedhacks just like in MW, Carbon, etc.-- AI is of little focus; MMO.-- Finding new playersVerdict:So, again, if you look for a challenge against AI (like Need For Speed MW, Carbon, Underground), a fantastic story and crews around everyone that battles each other in The Crew this game is not for you. But there is still a thriving PVP mode, an amazing Faction system that keeps you playing after the Story. You will struggle with the AI being just bad at driving and sometimes pushing you off drastically. But if you are looking into a long (sadly cliche) story with nice coop missions, have interest in cop chases, driving about with friends, competing against your friend, aka. ""roaming in a racer"" You should ONLY get this game on sale, don't pay 60$, it is not as good. This game has just been marketed falsely… But c’mon, how many games offer a demo such as great as this one to showcase its potential? Get the demo and judge it for yourselves."
,Not Recommended,241560,14160824,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,zenkarukazez,"do NOT purchase, even on sale!ProsFun at timesGraphics are niceConsHorrible physics""Rubberbanding"" AI (just like you'd find in a cart racer)Low amounts of customizationLow amount of vehiclesVirtually NO performance options available except for the ones you unlock from races.Horrible main stream music with no variety.It is NOT a simulator as it is tagged.it is NOT a MMO.(about 10 people per session does not make it an MMO)The little multiplayer they have is badly done.The story, while decent, is a massive heap of plot holes, just forget about them it makes it better.Roads are made of what seems like ice.the speed indicated seems like its way faster than the speed you seem to be going.Wants to show me random pointless cutscenes every 30 seconds.Cities are not ever close to accuratly represented to scale or appearance.Free roam would be nice, except its useless. you are forced to enter the map to start missions anyway.Micro transactions for in-game currency, are you kidding me? On a $60 game!?The physics are just wrong. tap an electrical pole and it just pops out of the ground and goes soaring through the air. seriously.The rubberbanding is absolutly horrible, I gained the lead by a huge amount and out of nowhere the other cars top speed raises by at least double letting them catch up in no time at all. Meanwhile if i hit one thing, just one, be it trash can or fence, I have offically lost the race because I cannot keep up.The only way it seems to get performance parts is to win races. So win them all with gold or you wont be able to move on.Huge story plot hole #1 ---Man puts hit on you, Go looking for guys friends to beat them in a race. Why wouldn't they just shoot you..?"
76561198161495683,Not Recommended,241560,28301754,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Braeden,Don't forget to visit the police shop! You have a free police car waiting... as long as you pay $30 first.
,Not Recommended,241560,19174564,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Flame~,"Season Pass + Gold preorder (64,99€), still have to pay for Wild Run DLCGUD GAEMWP Ubishit"
,Not Recommended,241560,19141014,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Sethioz.xyz,"After the FORCED 5.9gb wildrun update, game is unplayable. They locked the controls customization and they expect every player out there to play with the d,i,l,d,o controls they have assigned. .. nope, i can't do that. I've been playing for over 10 years with the layout I like to use, it's like telling Formula 1 pilot to jump into another F1 that is not setup for him ... uncomfy seat, pedals in wrong place ...etc.Just not happening, I'm no longer playing or supporting this game. Something as small as locking the controls can destroy the game. GG ubisoft ... as expected they don't have much brain nowdays. Why would you even include ""controls customization"" if you can't customize? I mean some stuff works, but some stuff is locked, the locked part is VITAL to me and it cannot be changed, very bad. Useless game, hope they go bankrupt.Also new update made grass look like out of a cartoon. Speaking of online, it's very bugged. When trying to play with friends, it keeps disconnecting and friends keep disappearing on map, you see their name, but not the car or they disappear completely and then it complains that ""can't join session"" or some other bs like that.On top of all that, at some point entire coop and PvP was unavailable and Ubisoft was blaming steam servers for this, how can it be STEAM servers, if this is a 3rd party game? It doesn't even run on steam, you can purchase and download via steam, but servers are hosted by Ubisoft.Ubisoft is very bad and untrustable company, they lie and deceive and scam.They show you one thing, but release something completely different.Also savegame is 100% server sided, If it corrupts (which it does sometimes), then only way to fix this, is to contact ubisoft support and it takes them 1-3 months to reply to tickets. I was literally stuck for 3 months, because my savegame was stuck on loading and their support took 3 months to reply (not over reacting, literally 3 months).Concept is nice, map is huge, but entire game is very badly executed and nearly no support, Ubisoft is money greedy company and all they care about is money, they don't care about gaming experience. I don't recommend this to real gamers, it might look like a cool game, but after bit of playing it gets' very irritating and frustrating to deal with bad support and all those bugs and glitches."
,Not Recommended,241560,14264074,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,koobiii,"I was escaping the police pursuit. Suddenly one of police cars started to ram me (on speedhack of course) and when he touched my car we both started to fly reeeeeally high. I landed in the middle of the forest & the police car landed 2 meters near me. He blocked my way out (well, I couldn't move either because I had Street spec car), arrested me and then the lady in the police radio said '5+, very good work'. Yes! Very good work Ubisoft. Welcome to The Crew.Pros:- You know... big, open world, where you can do anything,- There are some really nice places to visit,Cons:-U(don't)Play- yes, I know it's nice to do the actions, achievements, etc. in this, but this app extends game launching from 5 seconds to 1 minute,-CREW CREDITS- yes, this game has microtransactions,-Low amount of cars,-HUGE RACING MMOwith up to 8 players in one session,- The game story is soboringthat I already forgot the main characters name,- Physics is so bad that I can't understand why one of the minigames is flying the car as far as possible - it shows all the bugs,- Police cars IQ is very disappointing - all they can do is ramming. Who needs keeping civilians safe when you can just hit players car to crash in 10 cars / 5 persons on the sidewalk?- I couldn't find anyone to play Fraction Missions 2 months after release. LoL- Cars after tuning are very ugly (for me doesn't mean for everyone),- Several times I couldn't accept invite to coop from other players,- I don't know what are roads in this game made of, but it doesn't look like asphalt,_________________________________________Don't buy it for 50€. Please don't do this."
,Not Recommended,241560,19134013,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,zehruela,"buy the gamebuy ""THE PRE ORDER OF"" season pass or complete edition expecting for some important content.wait a year for new content because season pass only give u♥♥♥♥♥♥so far.u need buy a new content even if u have season pass or complete version.well done ubiSHIT"
,Not Recommended,241560,14043704,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,CrayonOfDoom,"Breaks rule #1 of racing games:  Rubber Band AI.  If I'm ahead of you, and I'm going flat out, you shouldn't catch me in 5s."
,Not Recommended,241560,14154760,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Midgets Dont Float,"It could have been such a wonderful game. The idea is solid, the map and community/social aspects are fantastic, but Ubi really screwed up some pretty major details.The car handling, as I'm sure you'll read in a thousand negative reviews, is terrible. 260 km/h feels like 100 km/h, rivals and NPC racers seem to rip around the track like they're on rails, and they have absolutely no problem pushing you out of the way while you struggle to change their course even slightly.The raid events are frustrating, as the vehicle seems to swap ends for what looks like no reason. Off road, every vehicle handles like butter on a hot skillet.It could have been good, but I think I'm going to turn my Xbone on and stay with Forza. Maybe Ubi should play Horizon 2 and take a page or three from it."
,Recommended,241560,29127896,Posted: 8 January,all,Darwen,English:Game Pros• Map• Cars• Cockpit cam• Graphics• Car customization• Photo editorGame Cons• Physics• Sounds• You can sometimes get disconnected from the server.• Cockpit cam mirrorsGraphics: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Sound: 7/10Overall: 8/10___________Türkçe:Oyunun Artıları• Harita• Arabalar• Grafikler• Araba özelleştirme• Fotoğraf editörüOyunun Eksileri• Fizikler• Sesler• Bazen serverler ile bağlantı kesiliyor.• Aynalar çalışmıyorGrafik: 9/10Oynanış: 8/10Ses: 7/10Genel: 8/10http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=772920751http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=721576397
,Not Recommended,241560,19881860,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,FistaCuffLinks,"If you get TL;DR syndrome then skip down to ""Verdict of The Crew"" but I encourage you to read the specifics so that you can accurately judge if this game is right for you.First Rule of The Crew:- DoNOTbuy this game unless you have a human companion to play it with! As many others have probably stated, hardly anybody plays this game online; the servers are ghost towns. The players that are online in this game, based on their driving style, are probably around 10-13 years of age (offense only mildly intended if you are of that age range). It is not uncommon for an online driver to see your car and immediately attempt a T-bone maneuver. Therefore, if you are seriously considering purchasing this game, make absolutely sure that you have a friend to play with online so that this game can begin to live up to the expectations we all had of it.Premise of The Crew:- The Crew was designed to be an MMORG (Massively Multiplayer Online Racing Game), which in concept is absolutely brilliant! In execution, however, The Crew has fallen short due to empty servers and a bug-laden open world. It cannot be denied that the premise of this game is one of the best of all time, but it seems that the makers of The Crew lacked the man-power in their programming teams to make this work well.Accolades of The Crew:- The Crew is one of the most fun games I have ever played! My friend and I would meet online regularly to do missions together, rank up our cars together, take on challenges together and our favorite - drive in the open world together. In terms of sheer enjoyment for a racing video game, The Crew has to make the Top 5! (...when it's working...)- The Crew has amassiveopen world map! The map is probably about a 20:1 scale map of the United States; the map is by no means cartographically accurate, but the major landmarks and cities are there. Everything is down in scale (similar to Midnight Club: LA or the GTA games), but that doesn't mean that the world doesn't feel humongous! It is a daunting task to think about driving from Miami to Seattle, or LA to Niagara Falls, but as one who has done it, there are few things more exciting! There are many little easter eggs on the map to find in addition to the hidden objects and challenges that make simply driving around in the open world interesting and fun.- The Crew has a fairly large list of cars that are available in the game and all of the cars available look great in the game. You can customize your car with different body sets, colors and stickers to make your vehicle one of a kind. The cars also handle pretty well all things considered; The Crew is definitely not a simulator when it comes to driving but for an arcade style racer the car handling is more realistic than it could have been. It should be said that by the time you beat the game and level up your first car to Level 50 parts and a 1200+ rating, however, youwillhave a favorite car or two and for the most part only drive those cars.- The Crew has pretty decent graphics too. I have found myself taking screenshots of the scenery, much like I do with Skyrim, because the world really does look great! Of course, the world looks better at 60-80mph than it does at 180-200mph, even with the best GPUs, but that's to be expected.Complications with The Crew:- This game is buggy. There is no simpler way to say it. And there is no denying it. My friend and I have constantly been thwarted by programming issues within the game. During open world travels we will inevitably come across at least a major bug or two every 30-60 mins. Some of the worst, especially since the new expansion has come out, include (1) infinite loading screens, (2) game freezing during fast travel, and my personal nemesis - (3) the road/world disappearing in front of you [this bug has an relatively easy fix - just open up the map and quickly exit out again, but it is annoying nonetheless. It is also potentially game breaking when you are in a mission or co-op event when the open world map is not accessible.] There is no way to enjoy The Crew without experiencing bugs. Maybe if there were more people online the makers of The Crew would be inclined to fix them, but since there are not, you just have to deal with them. This creates a Love/Hate relationship with this game.- The AI in this game is... wonky, to say the least. For missions/co-op events or in police chases, the AI seems counter-productive (as opposed to challenging) and even vengeful at times. Rubberbandingdefinitelyoccurs in these types of events and should be expected (heck, sometimes I think they designed it that way just so that youNEEDa crew playing with you). In the open world, expect AI driven cars to suddenly swerve in front of you, especially if you are going 200+mph. If there were any corners cut in the programming of this game, I would think that they were cut in this AI department.- If you do end up convincing a friend to buy this game with you so that you can play it together, then you should also know that forming a crew in the game can be difficult at times too. It is normal for my friend and I to spend 15-30 mins trying to get into a crew together and forcing the game to put us on the same server. Game restarts should be expected, and it should also be noted that The Crew doesn't always play nice with Steam's voice chat (probably because it's a Ubisoft game and uses UPlay. **As a side note though, I have not had as many issues with Uplay as I have had with other games they put out**).Tips for The Crew:- Many others have said it on forums and discussion boards, but this gameNEEDSa multiple waypoint system. The gigantic map is just begging for one! It is very frustrating to try and create driving routes and races with your crew/friend with only one waypoint to lay down. Honestly, I am very surprised by this huge oversight!-  Along with that, this game would be vastly improved if there was a community based Player Created Races/Challenges feature. Since open world driving is the best (and most advertised) feature in the game, having a community of racers all creating their own races/routes/challenges would add content and excitement to the game.Verdict of The Crew:- I have put over 80 hours into this game and about 70 of those hours have been genuinely enjoyable! Open world driving is by far my favorite activity and with the help of my friend I have come up with several fantastic driving routes that are always a blast to drive! There is no other game quite like The Crew and my heart wants everyone to buy and enjoy this game.- The remaining 10 hours I have spent in this game, however, make it so that I cannot, in good conscience, recommend this game for the $30/$40 listing price. Even on sale, if youdon'thave a friend to play this game with, I wouldhighlyrecommend that you stay far, far away! But if you do have a friend to play with, I would want you to seriously consider the issues presented in this review and weigh them against your desire for this game:(1) If there is any hesitation, then spend your money elsewhere.(2) If there is still excitement and a ""devil-may-care"" attitude, then all I can say is, ""Good luck!"""
76561198086722437,Not Recommended,241560,13206491,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,EightBall,"-Sir, the game is ready, it's friggin'' awesome, we can release it !-Woh, woh, woh awesome you said ? Do you know who are you working for ?-yes, Ubisoft.-Right, and what's our reputation ?-Being the best at screwing up good game concept and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off our customers ?-Exactly ! Now this game has many flaws but none of them are really frustrating-Indeed, that's why we created Uplay back then-Not enough son, not enough. I want the whole team in the crisis room in 5 minutes(gathering the team and explaining the situation)-Sir, I got an idea-Sure go ahead-Well why don't we force the player to connect to a main server ?-Many games do that, not really frustrating.-True, but we would require the player to be constantly connected-ooooh, that's good, I like it-And the main server would be super instable and people would be kicked from the game at anytime, loosing their progression !-Genius, I promote you president of Ubisoft.EDIT : You guys say it's a MMO ?Do you actually know what MMO stands for ? Just the first ""M"" ?You'll interact with 8 players max. at a time...holly molly, that's massive !Ubisoft used the term MMO for marketing purpose only,  there's isn't a single solid reason to prevent us from playing this game in SP."
76561198003201875,Recommended,241560,23732115,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Teamworks,"I don´t really understand why there are so many people complaning...The Map is huge, not a joke like the super-tiny NFS Maps who were always too small to have a real racing/car-game feeling.The graphics is quite good given the size of the map, even though it looks somewhat generic the most time.If you want a car-themed game with a lot of space to cruise around with real cars, this game is for you.The only real downsides I found were some pretty annoying missions in the main story.Yes, there isn´t much to do after reaching LVL 50 and completing the main story, but is this the only thing important?Cant say anything about PVP, never did it.Compared to some other Ubisoft Games in 2015/2016 this game is quite okay."
,Recommended,241560,20365698,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,BioVenom,"After around 40 hours of playing, I have completed the story, yet there is so much replayability since the map is amazing. But I will discuss what I think are the pros and cons and possible improvements of the game.Pros:- Loading Screens are replaced with cinematics and statistics/parts. Using an SSD, these load time seems very quick.- Huge World Size/Map, the large map with the amount of detail put in is incredible, each area feels representative and visually stunning. This by far is the best part of the game. You can even zoom right into the other side of the map, and see LIVE details. Even sitting on the opposite side of the world map.- AFK Cinematic, when AFK your screen goes into different camera angles around your vehicle, with the terrain and weather affecting it.- 5 Base Car specs, These being Street, Performance, Circuit, Dirt, and Raid. Each with their pros and cons. Myself I prefer Circuit and Performance. These specs determine where and how you drive. (Expansion adds Monster, Drift, Drag)- Day/Night Cycle. During the night, everything feels different, yet good. The night time scene can be as visually stunning as daytime.- Customization, the customization in parts, colours and stickers. Are very good. You can even customize your interior. This allows people to make their car look the way they like it for each spec.- Exploration, as there are so many places to go, plus the incentives like hidden car parts, and landmarks, it feels like you always have something to find. Plus you cannot FAST TRAVEL to places you haven't explored on the map.- Arcade-like, yet realistic. It is a fine line between the two, but The Crew seems to have found a nice balance. With destructible (yet respawnable) gameworld. Crashes are of course nowhere near as deadly, but damage to the car happens and is visible until repaired.- Factions, you can choose between 5 factions (eventually) each allowing you to represent them in faction races and events. Earn reputation and you can earn more in-game $$ too.- Coop/Friends - Playing with up to 4 friends is great, especially how every race/mission/skill has its own leaderboard. Competing against your friends score is a great incentive.- Price, I purchased The Crew whilst it was on Holiday Sale (50% off). so it felt very valued for the time spent. The retail cost seems fair, however. As there are at least 30 hours of missions. + Countless hours worth of skills/exploration/PVP/factions etc.- Public Transport, If you do not want to drive from New York to Discover Los Angeles (for example), you can take a train or airplane, as a sort of paid fast travel. But I recommend just driving.- Skills, along every route and dotted everywhere along the map, are skills. These are objectives to earn parts for your car and compete against your friend. Makes the trip more enjoyable when every 5-10 minutes you can do some weaving (Slalom) for some fun, and parts. (If you're good enough).- Police Chases, cause enough destruction around a surveyed area, and you get some police chasing after you. Get caught and pay a HEFTY fine.- Vehicle Stock. There are over 50 in-game purchasable cars, each able to be specced out in different ways, some being able to be specced in most areas.- Driver cam. Seeing the interior and the world as it would be, LOVE IT.Cons:- Cinematic Bugs, especially annoying since the cinematics are stunning. Having the audio completely drop out is really annoying. Even after replaying it at HQ, it still doesn't work. Having to replay the cinematic on youtube to hear it is not good. Also, a few times my car would flip over in the cinematic.- Locked to certain specs for races. I would like to compete against AI/friends using whatever car I want. But races will lock you to the SPEC. I think the route would balance what would be recommended vs what could be used.- Wild Run coaxing. Seems a bit pushy. Game starting screen, WILD RUN. Map spawn location. WILD RUN event. Certain skills (long jump etc) only achievable in drag car (WILD RUN). Want others to join you in missions (Look for crew) WILD RUN. I would like to see these features changed so that they less invasive, and more tempting rather than pushed you on. And for the price, Wild run is NOT worth it.- HQs / Tuners, most have the same background/area, some dingy commercial garage. Would like to see these being different and representative of the area.- Voice acting, it is not synced at all, and for some reason, they often call (Alex) 'kid'. Even if Alex is a middle-aged man. Pretty weird.- NO Cross Console compatibility. Cannot play with my console brethren.- PvP unbalanced. Vsing People 500pts above you. Lambo vs Mini Cooper.. Come on.- Perks should be removed completely, add the bonuses as standard when unlocking your allies.- 'Dumb' Smart Loot. Lvl 50 in a 600 pt car gets the highest score, better give him a bronze Lvl 25 part?? A lower score would have given me a better part.- Notifications on Old Parts. Seeing I have a new Lvl 25 bronze part for my platinum specced car when I visit the workshop is a bit annoying.Improvements:- Public Transport. Allowing the player to BOARD a train, or AIRPLANE, and visually see the map around them as they journey across.- Missions. Missions/Faction Races could be improved to be more rewarding. The 4hour race should have a way better reward then the 2.5hour race. A bigger REP or $$ Bonus would be nice. Also more of them. It is really simple to make them as the map is perfect. Just put a marker from A to B anywhere on the map.- Character Customization. Customization of 'Alex' would be great especially in the open multiplayer world. The Same change of clothes the whole game, does this guy even shower?- Music/Radio. More stations/music lists. It seems they are repeating quite frequently.- Test Drives. These should be like a normal test drive, drive wherever you want. Pay for damages. I do not like being limited to the small area (test lap) around the city the dealer is in. I would like to go to the track to be able to dry these cars out etc. There could be a % BOND of the Car Price that you have to pay before getting to drive it, and if you damage the car you end up paying for it later, like those A >  B missions that penalize car damage.- Car Specs. Having cars limited to 1 or 2 specs is not realistic. As most Perf cars could be Circuit cars and visa versa. Also, these should be visible to see what it would look like BEFORE purchasing.- Cross platform. Cross Console compatibility.- Removal of spec specific races. Or adding races that you can choose. Prefer the later option.- Random Vehicle Customization at DEALERS. Having it on purchased parts at the HQ is good, but being able to randomize what the car could look like at the tuner would be ideal.- Customization Lock options. Like the colour/shape (for example), should be able to lock those options.- AFK Cam, Toggleable On/Off and a smoother, slower shift in camera angles, over the Jumpy random camera angles. Also removal of the BLUR effect when in this mode.- Removal of 'Updating Content' loading. When alt-tabbing. Especially in borderless mode.- Controls. WASD STANDARD for speed etc. Who the hell uses arrow keys? Having everything on 1 side is easier. Lucky you can rebind them.- Scrapping Parts. Should be a lot more rewarding, and possible in the workshop.- Ragdoll effects on animals and people. If you hit them, you should probably see them go flying, instead of clipping through the car. A solid quick vibration would be a nice touch, for the real immersion.ConclusionAs usual, there are a lot of things that could be improved,.but I do highly recommend this game. Not only for racing, but for exploration.(If you found this review helpful, give it a thumbs up!)"
,Not Recommended,241560,13250210,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Michishi,"Its 4 AM so take this review with a grain of salt.Summery:Not an MMO!Never more than 8 players per session!Micro-Tranactions!Cop chases are a jokeCop cars are tanks (compleately different physics than normal cars)Opponent AI is BADNot NEARLY the custemization that NFS games used to have in the 90's!!!UplayNon-existent tuningBinary progressionChat system is never usedRant:""6k people are currently playing The Crew"" and yet, I'm forced to play single player half the time. The way the pregression system is set up, people who have already compleated the missions you are working on have no reason to help because they have already unlocked the part that you earn for compleating the mission.Not to mention that those 6k people that are currently in game are devided up into 8 player lobby/sessions which means that you will almost NEVER run into another player unless you are going out of your way to do so.Currently the chat system isn't used by anyone, and so the game just feels like a giant single player game.I repeat, this game is NOT AN MMO, its a single player game that wants to be an MMO but doesn't know what its doing.The Crew also has annoying, easy to fix flows that you don't see in older games like NFS carbon.In its current state the game is unfinished and needs a lot of work.The one thing that really grinds my gears is that I bought the game for $60, and yet ubisoft wants me to spend more money on crew credits.Why is it that you pay $60 only to be met with micro-tranactions.Ubisoft, STOP IT!!!Edit: Alright, now that I've gotten some sleep, I should mention that the game is still a lot of fun, and compaired to other modern racing games that I've played this one is my favorite, it still has some things that need to be fixed, buts its fun never the less.Driving across the massive map is awesomeTook me 120 minutes to drive from one side to the otherCustemization is good compairitively speakingOnce you reach level 20+ drifting around corners is a blastI have high hopes for the game, and I hope that eventually we will be able to play with more people.in my opinion its not worth $60 at the moment, but if it goes on sale or gets a major update that might change."
,Not Recommended,241560,13261869,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Hugh Mann,"This game is basically ""how to not make a good racing game 101""1. Auto catch up2. AI is over tuned to try and make up for the players ability to use cars ""over the cap""a) cops are unstopable all seeing terminators and getting away from this is more chore than skillb) it literally ignores the in game physicsc) uses non spec (street,dirt, perf) cars perfectly in any situation Perf car on dirt? No problem, you however won't stop being sideways3. The game at points forces you to use sub par spec cars because ""story"" which are usually just time trials with an annoying npc yelling at you4. PvP is waiting in a queue to never getting into the game5. co-op is just two people suffering through a race and most the time even if someone pulls up next to you in the same race they'll just ignore the co-op request6. Overly expensive cars with arbitrary limitations on what can and cannot be certain specs7. Raid spec activities are just awful8. car spec designs are generic and the for purchase asthetics don't fix much9. If you do manage to find someone in co-op then the lag shows up pretty bad10. world is flat and uniteresting until cars randomly pop in and you crashIf you're on the fence about buying this game don't do it. Just wait until GTA 5 comes out on PC and play GTA Online because it's superior in every way."
76561198085669687,Not Recommended,241560,13672700,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sasu,"For a game advertise as an ""MMO"" for cars it's quite sad that you have only a limited number of person by instance (something around 8 person).The car choice is nice, if you like muscle car and exotic. But there is also a serious lack of diversity (2 asian car, that is really not much). We should have iconic car that was used in rally racing, audi quattro, mitsubishi evo (at least one), a subaru STI (at least one also), the first mini, toyota celica. Also we are missing nice super/hyper japanese car (no nissan GTR R35 really ?, no Lexus LFA)The car customisation is quite poor also, we have a lot of choice for the starter car but not so much for the rest of it.The driving experience is cool though driving through the whole united states with friends is quite nice.I would still recommend this game, but not at this price."
,Recommended,241560,25501916,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Apple Fillet,"Go on uplay from September 14 - October 14 to get this game for free.Since people are actually rating this review, i updated and made it actually kinda review(ish)For free, this game is real good 9/10for money tho like 7/10Meh/Bad stuff:(Free) Car amount (40-50?)drifting (actually not possible unless ur insanepay2win to get quite a bit of carscar sounds (2/10)Hard to get money unless you find a trick (ez stacks)missions are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥car engine and performance customization is lame (just choosing a better part based on stats?) (no real engines or parts like forza, just names like differential lvl 1-50. ???)Good stuff:MAP SIZEdifferent car specs (raid, street, drag, perf, and such)car customization is quite nice (many options for hoods, bumpers, rims. (though no custom paint like adding pictures to the side of your car(only presets))long open roadsStunts and events to dofactionsmultiplayer explorationcar models are nicedriving is ok i guessfor a full priced 60$ game, just get forza horizon 3 (better in nearly everything). but for what it is and at the price of 20$(?) its pretty worth ESPECIALLY if its free (now)Pretty damn fun game though"
,Not Recommended,241560,13800072,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Arowan,"While I have had an amazing time playing this game, I cannot in good conscience recommend it to anyone.  Ubisoft support is lacking on a good day, downright rude and dismissive on bad.At the time I write this, I'm 9 days late recieving a Crew-Credit pack, while their store is still up selling them.Also world records on every skill challenge/mission is held by hackers, so there's no recognition for actually doing well."
,Not Recommended,241560,13400882,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Arkhadi,"Edit (2016) They have sold a ""complete edition"" when there is more content on the way, so you can pay once for the game with the season pass, pay again for the content that doesn't come in the season pass, then pay one more time for more content not included to be released. To hell with this game.Edit (4/25/2015) : They added a few new cars and some specs, fixed some bugs and managed to improve the main menu with a slideshow and the online matchmaking with a merge-all lobby system. Perhaps it's enough of a change for you to enjoy this game? Me, I checked and played the 'new' content for a few hours and unninstalled it again, personally I can't find any improvement worth a buyback into this game since my gripe is the terrible driving mechanics alongside the bad physics. I remain true to every word I wrote in this review.I had high hopes for this game, I played the betas, followed the forums and pre-ordered it. Then I forced myself to like it and play it even after I was completely frustrated by everything I'm about to say.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME AT IT'S CURRENT STATE AND/OR PRICE TAG.Before the ugly : THE CREW is not a complete mess, there is the possibility of having a great amount of fun playing this game depending on what kinda of player you are. One thing it gets right is the map diversion. Every spot, every city or zone as they say, has it's own feeling and design, it's unique, and driving around the map with a friend is sure entertaining. but that's it. if you're not the person who enjoys cross country trips or american cars, there is not much for you here.Entitled as ""MMO CAR-PG"" but you can't develop your character, not a single aspect. In theory, every player has the same exact character, solution? Let's hide other player's driver. and that's it. Let's say you play against remote controlled cars, for immersion's sake. you CAN'T call it an mmo, without character development, the best you'll get are perks, nothing really groundbreaking. but we have cars, don't we?There are 30~40 cars and all of them seem unfinished, except for the first ones. because you know, ""first impressions are always the most important"". the first five cars have all the specs available, street, dirt, performance, raid and circuit. other cars usually have 2~3 specs only. so you wanna go crazy off road with that expensive car? too bad. also, most cars are American, so no luxury here. what's most stupid is the unbalanced performance cars have, the starter vehicles run faster then the most expensive car in the game.But driving gets better as your car and player level increases, right? No. That's an excuse for the handling in the game. It doesn't get better. I have 1299 ( Max level ) cars and with assistance off, they just don't grip on the road as the default low level mustang does. With assistance on, it's just ""drifting"". The crew should have stayed as a street racing game only, the street tracks are okay, the handling on street is OK. but when it goes off-road becomes soap ( and not in a good 'Dirt game' way of soap ), on circuit the game just doesn't have enough decent physics to feel solid, and while climbing mountains with raid spec... I wish you good luck trying not to roll 900º in the air after hitting that small rock. this game is unpredictable thanks to it's physics, you never know how is your car going to react to crashes so expect for the worst and try avoiding collisions. worth adding : some elements break, some doesn't, and in this game this is not okay because when someone tries to cut their way trough some houses, the fences breaks. When you're doing the turn on a corner, well, the fence it very likely to be the most solid virtual object you'll ever find.Progression is BROKEN, I had to try various missions at least three times due to disconnects that WIPED my progress, my statistics are currently like this "" main missions complete : 167% "", and the rewards are ridiculously unbalanced. Let me explain this : I leveled from 1 to 50 in ONE DAY AND A HALF doing no more than 60 PvP matches, 10 or so story missions and some exploration. Yes, I reached maxed level on an MMO in basically a day. It gets better, I was being rewarded 16k bucks every time I finished first on a PvP match, and when you are disqualified because you couldn't get to the finish line in time, well, TAKE THESE 16K BUCKS ANYWAY. You just know they didn't really put any thought into the game's progression when all it takes from level 49 to 50 is 2 races in 10 minutes.The customization feels incomplete, some categories are there with no parts to purchase for you car, get used to the ""No part available in this category"" message. the stickers are single color only and there isn't variety among those, expect to see everyone using the same 2 flame stickers or racing stripes. the real car performance parts are available with a grind of challenges after level 50 which is not very cool given the insane difficulty of some challenges, but don't worry, it doesn't matter how fast your car is...AI CHEATS, it goes off track and spawns in front of you, It rams you constantly and the Catch-up is ridiculous. there are some gifs on Polygon's review of the crew if your interested.The story is not good, you bounce trough one generic dialog to the next and I couldn't connect to any character of this game, I couldn't care less to be honest and not skipping cutscenes was a challenge at times. At the end of the main story you are rewarded with a mix of every CGI they made for the game, which felt very very lazy.And I could go on, there is the server instability problem, the always online ""DRM"", the NAT problem that causes online atrocities, the lack of mirrors promised by launch, no weather system, the ""crew joining different lobbies"" bug, the ""Hitting someone back at 20mp/h and flying like when hit by a giant on skyrim"" bug, the ""I regret the money I spent buying this game"" case and the first time I actually emailed steam support to ask about their refund policy.I'm frustrated. I just wish I could go back to those TDU2 Times.tl;dr+ Every area is unique and has it's own feeling.+ Driving with friends can be funEdit (4/25/2015) :- A 2014 Racing game Lacking mirrors, promised by launch- Server instability, constant disconnections and progress Wipes- AI CHEATS- Incomplete customization ( Specs were added )- Not a great amount of cars ( Cars were added )- Unbalanced car performances- Terrible car handling- Physics make for an unpredictable game- Broken progression system- Broken statistics system- Unbalanced reward system- Outdated graphics ( They fixed DoF at some camera angles )- Fake car engines- No photo mode- Cliche, generic storyline- Only 7 players on Screen- Season Pass could have been part of the game- TERRIBLE Online pvp lobby system ( Now fixed )"
,Not Recommended,241560,13890472,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,LeRavenNight,"THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH $70 dollars, I'd pay $20 bucks for this piece of crap. This is NOT the game we were advertised, the videos displayed showed a ♥♥♥♥ing fuctioning game with legitimatly good looking races.Cons=-Only 40 cars-cars are unbalanced, a 1967 chevy impala can apparently catch a 2013 ferrari, every nissan car dousn;t even have a top speed in this, and those cars that do have a top speed all have the same top speed save for a 10km here and there, example, 2011 mustang has 240km, BMW z4 250km, camaro 250km for both old and new.-A.I are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cars are super unbalanced when the A.I is driving, so many times I have seen a golf hit 300km an hour in less than a ♥♥♥♥ing eye blink, and their made of ♥♥♥♥ing adamantium, ford raptor beats a ferrari in speed but a ferrari knocks the raptor off the track like it was nothing, and the ♥♥♥♥ing cops, dousnt matter whether you have dirt tyres or road cops hit their top speed anywhere, ♥♥♥♥ing going vertical up a mountain, and they are always faster and beat your♥♥♥♥♥till you cry-crew system broken, everytime I hop on my buddies are auto ejected from the crew and I must add them again and vice versa, and most time the invites and mission invites don't go through.-♥♥♥♥ing story sucks, save lives and stop crime through street racing, ♥♥♥♥ off, we had enough of the rehashed♥♥♥♥♥♥with the fast an furious films-♥♥♥♥ing Uplay, steam has to download the Uplay launcher to verify that you own the games, like they don't trust steam security, and so they can ram♥♥♥♥♥♥from their other games down your throat, ♥♥♥♥ing check the news for the crew on steam, there is none, you open the page and the two most recent things is a ♥♥♥♥ing apology basically for how♥♥♥♥♥♥unity was and the other is a ♥♥♥♥ing advertisement for computer parts, guess what Uplay/american gaming companies, not all you ♥♥♥♥ing customers are american, more than half live in Australia and other english countries and more also in countries like india, no one ♥♥♥♥ing cares about america, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ you cram your♥♥♥♥♥♥stained propaganda down every ♥♥♥♥ing countries throat, jsut once I would like a ♥♥♥♥ing game that is based in england or preferably australia, or just a game that was developed in another country, sick and ♥♥♥♥ig tired of american corporations ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ down the throats of consumers and saying their welcome, ♥♥♥♥ YOU CORPORATE♥♥♥♥♥♥NUGGETS!!!!!Pros=-it's free roam...Am not ashamed to admit I bought a game for a lot of money and it was complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ just another ♥♥♥♥ up like watch dogs, seriously this is a major gaming company and ♥♥♥♥ing minor or unknown gaming companies can make better games in their basements like warframe, I don't know who ♥♥♥♥ing made it but they must not be a big company if they did't ram their ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ logo down our throats, and warframe is ♥♥♥♥ing free, this♥♥♥♥♥♥cost 70 bucks, or 87 for me in australia, so not worth it, bigger disapointment than an ebola outbreak. May god have mercy on Uplay, and whatever ♥♥♥♥ing mongoloid decided to release this game. And to all game developers, STOP RELEASING UNFINISHED GAMES, ♥♥♥♥ ALL THE LITTLE KIDS THAT WANT IT NOW, APPEAL TO YOUR TARGET AUDIENCE, HOLD THE GAME OFF UNTIL IT'S COMPLETE THEN GIVE IT TO US, GAME DEVELOPERS USE TO TREAT US THE CONSUMERS AS ACTUAL PEOPLE, NOW THEY TREAT US ALL LIKE ♥♥♥♥ING WALKING MONEY BAGS, NOT ALL OF US CAN AFFORD TO BUY YOUR GAMES AND WHEN WE MANAGE TO SCROUNGE TOGETHOR ENOUGH TO BUY IT WE EXPECT IT TO BE GOOD, I'D RATHER HAVE A SPIDEY MONKEY♥♥♥♥♥♥DOWN MY THROAT WHILST HAVING MY BALLS PULLED THROUGH A WOOD CHIPPER."
,Not Recommended,241560,28064099,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,rosk,"So, Ivory Tower. A good studio. Exept, they are managed by Ubisoft, and that means problems. I have the season pass for The Crew, and it did not come with Wild Run (£14.99) or the newest DLC Calling All Units (£19.99). Now, am I now entitled to take a poo on their doorstep? The season pass only comes with the DLC's that are much cheaper than these new ones. Also the previous large DLC which was Wild Run did not support all of the cars, and the reason for the game having a mostly negative review space is that the game studio is owned by Ubisoft, and Ubisoft have a known reputation for releasing DLC, sorry, WAY TOO MUCH DLC, for a game that feels incomplete without it. It feels as if the updates for this game have been payed for and added in a DLC form, now this game is actually quite a good one, exept for the overpriced nonsense."
,Recommended,241560,27059929,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Abnormal,"The game is very nice but the price is high but it is totally worth it if you get discounts. Very good quality graphics and a huge map.+ Giant open world+ Fully Voiced and Subtitled story (40 Hrs for me)+ Multitude of different game modes+ Good Graphics (for not much Processing Power)+ Month long ""Summit"" events from the WildRun DLC that end in free cars being given out (Ducati bike At the time of this review)+ Multiple Specs/Classes of cars (6 Vanilla; 9 Wildrun)+ Fairly Detailed Customization (Bumpers, Hoods, Rims, Paint, etc.)+ Rewards for exploration (ie. Hidden Cars)+ Nice Community+ Multiple real world race tracks of different styles and uses+ Good Controller compatability and Rebindable keys"
,Not Recommended,241560,19131815,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Octy99,"Welcome to The Fabulous The Crew,where if you want to actually have everything it has to offer you will need to buy the game 3 times,1 for the actual game,2 for the season pass,for the cars and stuff and 3 for the wild run expansion because without it you cant have the drift spec,and you want the drift spec,don't you?You will encounter a lot of bugs and glitches on your way,but dont worry,you can send a ticket to ubisoft,they will respond to it...someday,THEY ARE UPDATING THE GAME! to add a new car that comes in the season passLets not forget about our competitive level racing lobbies where there is one car,and there is one spec that you gotta use if you wanna win,the legendary Perf Laferarri,because everyone knows that if you enter a lobby,there will be at least 1 guy with a laferarri,and you know what happens when a guy takes laferarri? everybody takes laferarri.Have fun with the game,10/10 would get a refund and buy NFS 2015 instead"
,Not Recommended,241560,17268692,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Zeales,"Wild Run Update: WR is out and after a few hours with it I can safely say that literally none of the concerns I have stated below has been fixed, in fact the game has gotten noticeable worse including, but not limited to:The new vehicles included in this expansion are even more expensive in the in-game money/real life bought money conversion. While a high-end car would set you back roughly 15-20 euros/dollars(!) in the original game, the new high-end cars will be over double that. You're looking at almost 40(!!) euros/dollars for a single car and that is without any upgrade which will easily be another 20 euros/dollars if you don't have 3-4 hours to grind the in-game money for it! Also they included something called ""Smart loot"" which instead of having you travel around to certain areas of the map for challenges, you can now instead just do the same challenge over and over and over again for 5 hours and eventually you'll have your fully upgraded cars. The new extreme modes, monster trucks, bikes and drifting are essentially gimmicks that will be fun for roughly an hour.The idea around The Summit is on paper a good idea but the execution of it is probably one of the worst ideas in a while. I could go into why at lenght but just know that unless you are ready to spend several hundreds (Yes, no joke) of hours in the game, it will leave you feeling unfulfilled and that you've wasted your time because The Summit requires you to compete against other players and only the best gets rewarded properly. I could go on and on and on, with how the side walks in the game are now actual edges that will make you car fly randomly or how drifting is 90% like driving in the snow in the vanilla game or how the game is so poorly optimized that the wet roads will make your computer stutter (Even on a 980 Ti!) and how the graphical update overall is a complete disappointment and the thousand other things I haven't mentioned.I'm going to have to stop writing here as I realize the more I think about it, the more I am actually going from thinking that the game was an okay game to directly hating it and regretting this purchase full stop.The Crew and The Wild Run could've been so much more but instead we got this...Original game review:I tried being positive about this game, but in the end I can't justify it from a gameplay perspective. I like exotic cars a lot which is what has kept me at this game for so long, but I doubt a lot of people have my level of ""addiction"" to exotic cars to justify it and end up disappointed in the game. Be aware that this is an arcady game, so if you're looking for a realistic simulation game, this is not it.The traffic is poorly implemented so if a player in your session has a bad connection, the traffic will swerve left and right and it will be hard to overtake.The max number of players in a FreeDrive session is capped at 8 which in 2015 is hilariously low for a game so heavily focused on multiplayer. In addition to that, you have no control over what session you end up in. And that is without going into the required always-on DRM that will eventually happen to kick you out of the game (That is a promise) that will set your progress back 5 to 45 minutes.The graphics are mediocre and everything in the world except player cars looks like something that was made in 2010. The sound is bordering on the ridiculous (Sorry UbiSoft, but a Koeniggsegg does not sound like a BMW with a custom exhaust) and the forced disconnect if you are AFK for 10 minutes (You are returned to the start Splash screen, not even disconnected where you parked your car before going AFK) gives this game a overall poor immersion.The price decrease came too late and the game population has sort of fizzled out - That being said, it was briefly revived by the announcement of the upcoming expansion pack and the 2 hour trial. A trial that was poorly implemented. When you play the trial you meet people which makes this game a lot better, but by the end of the trial people are straight up disconnected with no chance of saying anything to the other drivers the person was driving with - The only way around this is to add them to your UbiSoft friendlist - But good luck remembering the names of the players!The game gets grindy real fast. The laughable short story does not reward you in any way towards a full upgraded car, nor does it provide you enough cash to have an acceptable level of cars with upgrades. The game essentially forces you into buying in-game cash for real money to a gross extent. 20 euros will roughly be the equivalent of 5 hours of gaming.Speaking of Euros, having encountered a bunch of Americans in the game they have proudly told me that they pay in dollars instead. In UbiSoft's world 20 euros = 20 dollars.If you ignore all of the above and you spend the 30 euros/$30 just to cruise around and complete the main story the game is fine.However, if you know cars you will cringe. If you're a completionist you will burn out fast as the game has Tetris levels of variety in gameplay.With all that being said, will I continue to play it just for cruising around in the single car I spend 15 hours to upgrade fully? Yes, I probably will."
,Not Recommended,241560,13851198,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mårten,I will start this by saying i have been playing racing games for many many years.Really dont have very much to say but. This game sucks and dont buy it. One thing the police cars. They go as fast as any car i have tried. Doesnt make any sense ~500 hp r34 no ♥♥♥♥ing problem just speeds past you. And the NPC racers. My car was lvl 165 an NPC´s car was 153 still dominates at the straights without using nitro.♥♥♥♥ i cant even write anymore on this. So♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of.
76561198215900059,Recommended,241560,33779236,Posted: 24 July,all,Czy Azn,"I don't know if I'd pay full price for this game and all DLC, but I got the complete edition for like $20 during the summer sale and it's totally worth it!PROS:- Arcade style NFS (Underground 2, Carbon, Most Wanted, etc...) type of game.- Great car roster.- Good\fun soundtrack.- Cop mode (with Calling all Cars DLC).- Cheesy ""started at the bottom now we here"" story.- Massive Open World.- Decent Multiplayer, but can be ignored easily if you're wanting a single player experience only.- Excellent graphics.CONS:- Slight learning curve as far as UI and campaign objectives go (at least with all DLC included from the start).- A tad glitchy but sometimes in a fun way (occasional crazy collision physics).- Small soundtrack.- A bit repetitive but what racing games aren't?- The grind for cash money $$$$- Required internet connection.- Uplay achievements but no Steam achievements.If you loved the PS2 era NFS games, then get your butt in here! It's got me stoked for The Crew 2!"
,Recommended,241560,23873958,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,sUn,Sale ? : Yes !No Sale? : No-> Easy life
,Recommended,241560,13190682,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,CJ|SmOkE|,"If you like racing,... buy it.If you like engine tuning,... buy it.If you like body tuning,.... buy it.If you like driving around a HUGE map,... buy it.If you like racing with your friends,... buy it.If you like NFS Underground 1/2,... buy it.It combines MMO and Single player into one package, wrapped around a nice storyline.It forces you (without you realising it) to play missions together with friends or complete strangers. Of course you can solo but why would you.I've played this game for 2 hours, and I'm loving it.As for the launch, I've had no issues whatsoever.Great job !!I'll be playing this game for quite a few hours. ;)See you ingame!"
,Recommended,241560,16611314,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Strategikal,"The Crew is a multiplayer always-online arcade-racer set in a huge open world which is a condensed version of the United States. It was designed by many of the same people who created Test Drive Unlimited, so it can effectively be thought of as TDU 3. It contains many of the same features, but not all (no houses or shops).http://youtu.be/CBYh4vPmH2kI think many people are unfairly critical of this game, and are failing to appreciate the best feature, the huge open world. In reality, the world area is only around 5000 sq km (about a quarter of the size of Wales), yet that's still a huge size for a game world, possibly the second largest open world racing game (Fuel is over twice as big). Road wise, there's 10,000 km of roads, 10 times as much as in the first TDU game, so that will take a long time to explore properly. But it's not just the size of the world that's impressive, it's the attention to detail and the huge number of landmarks. It's extremely well designed.The USA is not only condensed, but distorted, some areas are much larger than others. This is necessary since if everything was to scale, every city would be a tiny village. Instead, the biggest cities are made much larger, as well as features like the Grand Canyon, while less interesting areas are shrunk in size. The result is greatly distorted, but it feels really good to drive around, and I believe it does a good job of representing the ""highlights"" of the USA in a way which suits a computer game very well.https://youtu.be/vNx4FtHofwUMany people have complained about the horrible car physics. I was a bit shocked at this too in the beginning, but it turns out that the early cars handle badly by design, and get much better as you upgrade them with parts. The few cars I've tried from the DLCs handle much better. It also takes a little while to tweak your wheel or controller settings to get it to feel good, but it's worth the effort.http://youtu.be/KksGtk6F-i8Apparently rubber banding is also a problem in the game, although I did read someone say it's been fixed. I've noticed it a few times with police chases, but it doesn't seem to be much of a problem to me. Speaking of police chases, I find them to be a lot of fun, while others seem to hate them. Similarly, the raid challenges can be quite frustrating, but are also fun to me. Depends on your point of view I suppose.The GPS tends to provide the shortest route between two points, which is often not the best way to get to where you want quickly (taking you through backstreets instead of sticking to main roads), but hey, SatNav does that in real life too! Just think of it as a guide that you don't have to stick to. Learning the main roads and using your ""local knowledge"" instead can save time! Also it tends to suggest offroad shortcuts, which can be annoying if you want to stick to roads, but on the other hand, it gives you a route through difficult scenery which you might otherwise get stuck in.One annoying thing I have noticed is graphical glitches during the cut scene intros to most missions. Don't know what's causing this, but it's only a minor irritation, it doesn't happen when I'm driving.Another slight peeve is that much of the terrain is too destructible, you can drive straight through lamp posts and other features as if they weren't even there, yet some are rock solid. It's sometimes hard to know which is which. Okay, so it's just an arcade game so you could say it's excusable, but it does lead to bad driving habits, driving through obstacles that you'd normally avoid. In fact, to win certain missions it's often a good idea to crash through things.https://youtu.be/blIdOUmGMh8Same goes for crashing into other cars, often (not always) this has little or no effect, barely slowing you down in most instances. Again, I don't like this because it encourages bad driving habits, not caring about hitting other cars when normally you should try to avoid them at all costs. But again, it's an arcade game, so I can live with it.Sure, there are a few faults with this game, but most of them hardly matter to me. The game world is so large, with so many places to go, so many things to see (there's educational info on historical landmarks) and so many cars to drive (not a huge selection, but there are many variants of each, and who needs hundreds of cars anyway?) that I'm having too much fun cruising and exploring to take much notice of the faults. I think if people focused less on the faults and concentrated more on the fun aspects of the game, they'd enjoy it a lot more.For me the FreeDrive mode is the real game, going on road trips solo or with friends. I dont' really care about the missions and the story that much (although they do add a nice bit of character to the game), I just want to explore America!Having said that, the game gets more interesting the deeper you get into it. As you level up you unlock factions and faction missions, and that adds a lot more fun to the game, not to mention money! Some say that money is hard to come by and there's a lot of grinding, but they're wrong, money is easy to make. It's not a ""pay to win"" game, you can pay if you're lazy, but you can make it easily enough by simply playing the game.I'm really enjoying The Crew and I highly recommend it to positive gamers who enjoy exploring a huge open world, who don't mind the arcadey gameplay and can live with a few faults. Be sure to get the Gold Edition or buy the Season Pass to get a bunch of good cars that unlock fairly early in the game, to give you a decent variety of cars to go free roaming in, otherwise you'll be stuck with the early cars for a while.Negative focused nit-pickers need not apply!"
,Recommended,241560,27692029,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Blustride,"If you're looking for a good racing game, this isn't really it. The physics are wonky, the AI is notorious for rubber-banding (which is really noticable in the 1 hour+ ""raid"" races), and online everybody is out for blood. That said, I still recommend this game for one real reason: It's spectacularly fun to just drive around.The map is absolutely massive -- it takes about 45 minutes to drive coast-to-coast, and the best part about it is that it's not locked to where you are in the story. After the first few hours, you get a fairly hefty sum of premium currency -- not enough to buy endgame content like a hypercar, but you can do quite a bit with it, including going well out of your way to buy a car you really want.If what you want in a car game is the ability to just drive around on a massive, diverse map, I can't think of any game better than The Crew to do it in."
,Not Recommended,241560,13962584,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Baël,"I wanted to love it, and I thought I did.  Little did I know, I was in denial.  In the trailer, they made it seem like you could roam around and see hundreds of people driving different cars.  This wasn't the case, because1) There are like 12 cars in the game, so no one has anything different.  If you're used to Forza 4 or Horizon, don't buy this.2) There aren't any massive servers.  There are only 8 cars roaming around including yourself.Overall, I'd give this game a 6/10.  It's really fun for the first two days; I'll give it that.  Once you finish those two days of cruising, it gets boring.  It gets to be a pain to play.  It becomes a grind to get what you want, which wouldn't benefit you in the long run anyway because unlike Forza, where certain cars have more potential, you can take a 370z and make it faster than a Pagani Huayra, both in handling and speed.And the AIs.  Oh my god... The AIs.  They're not part of the physics engine.  If your car is one point behind the ""recommended level"" they leave you in the dust.  If your car is one point within range of being too low, you leave them in the dust.  It's not even about skill.This is my first time leaving a review, so I'm not sure if you guys can message me or not. If you can, feel free to ask a question about the game.  Message me.Once again, 6/10."
,Not Recommended,241560,13903933,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,DestyX,"I was fooled with promise of open world and MMO style racing, instead, I recieved closed quarters and microtranactions. ♥♥♥♥ing microtransactions. It's a cancer."
,Recommended,241560,23047159,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Vancouver,"It doesn't look too bad, but not great either. If you like racing games just buy this when it's on SALE only if you want to. Not worth it with normal price.PROS+ Storyline are ok.+ Massive open world.+ A lot challenges (Skills) on the road.+ Graphics improvement after the Wild Run patch.CONS- Lack of customzations.- DUMB. ANNOYING physics & AI (If you're very suck at racing games, surely I bet the AI can rekt you so hard).http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=686608342http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=686608716- Buggy Netcode *sometimes.To be honest, it's still a fun game to play tho."
,Recommended,241560,30284902,Posted: 2 March,all,[ARX]AnthonyPS,"IntroductionThe Crew is an open-world MMO racing game where you can play either as a street racer or a law enforcer (DLC) made by Ivory Tower in collaboration with Ubisoft Reflections. The gameplay, in general, is like one of those classic old-school Need For Speed i.e. Need For Speed Carbon, Need For Speed Underground, etc. You can drive around in a scaled-down map of the U.S. freely and visit mission activation points to race.Although The Crew is a MMO game, the game does have a single player element in it, meant to be played concurrently with the online play or used as an introduction of the gameplay. The online gameplay works similarly with Need For Speed (2016) and Grand Theft Auto V - you will be put in a session with several other players and you can interact with them in races/free-run. You will also occasionally receive racing invitations from other players.Pros and ConsPros1. Lots of car variation. Again, similar to old NFS games, you have tons of choices of cars. You also can switch cars you own on-the-street using a 'mobile garage'.2. Strong MMO aspect. Grinding for money, parts, experience, skill points, crew skills, etc makes the game worth a lot of hours.3. Customizable driving elements - sensitivity, handling control, etc.4. The Crew is going for the niche of arcade racing, so don't expect realistic driving experience like in Project Cars or Asetto Corsa. However, this connects to point (1) in the Cons list.5. Beautifully made map - not necessarily in the context of quality, the map itself feels much more alive than other racing games and I really do enjoy driving around for no reason at all. The variation of the terrain is generally accurate of the real geographical aspects of the U.S. and is definitely a plus for the gameplay.6. Massive map. Devs actually created the entire scaled-down map of the U.S. It can take quite a while to get from point A to point B. IMO, this is gold for an open-world racing game.7. Environment is alive. Unlike the dead city in NFS series, you actually have pedestrians, commercial airplanes, planes watering a farm, etc. You can use train stations and airports, too. This is one of the reasons I enjoy driving around in the game.8. Complete day-and-night cycle9. Challenging races - your car's power in general can't be too far ahead of your opponents.10. Big variation in the gameplay: classical circuit & sprint street racing, off-roads, stunt tracks, police chase (DLC), time limits, impromptu open world events, etc.11. Detailed, color-customizable car interior12. First-person POV availableCons1. I somehow feel like I'm driving a toy car in this game, especially when I drift. It's just weird and off in general. I fiddled with the settings quite a bit and managed to make it a bit more realistic, but it's still...too virtual? This is a highly popular complaint by other reviewers and I have to say I agree with them. The physics of the game is just ridiculous - both in driving and in the environment. I know the niche is arcade racing but they should at least keep a good balance between easy and realistic instead of going full-on 'toy car mode'.2. Graphical quality is not that great and inconsistent. In some areas, you can notice that the environment texture is very crude but some other places do make quite a scenery. This gives me the 'immersion ruined' feeling since I'm very meticulous on graphical details. (Played on 4K Ultra settings)3. The voice actors are seriously bad and cringy from the start, but the voice actors in Calling All Units DLC are much worse. I can't help thinking that they made an arbitrary decision to use one of their own staff as an emergency substitute for the original voice actors who are not available for the DLC making.4. Cliche, boring storyline.5. They clearly didn't put much effort in texturing the background characters, both cars and people.6. Performance should be more optimized. Games with this level of graphical details shouldn't ask for that level of specs. This issue is extremely similar with Ubisoft's optimization issue with Watch Dogs 2 - crude graphics, but highly performance demanding.7. This one is purely subjective, but I find the radio songs to be very, very annoying. I am aware most in-game radio tracks are from new artists looking to promote their songs, like in GTA V and Watch Dogs 2, I can still accept the quality of the tracks. But in The Crew, I lost all of my tolerance to bad music. I finally made my own Classical musics and Lorde - Royal playlist, which doesn't go well with racing games but apparently, I have no choice.8. Cutscene camera was clearly designed to be bombastic, dramatic, and fast-cuts-style - this makes me nauseous.9. I'm not a fan of 'powers' (EMP, UI disabled, etc)- makes the game too arcade-y in an extreme way and definitely a killer of immersion. If I want powers, I would play Mario Kart. I do not expect these kind of things from The Crew or NFS Hot Pursuit.NeutralProgress is a bit slow. Racing rewards are a bit too low for me and the mission points are too far apart. Some people prefer this method to keep them engaged in the game for an extended period of time. But as someone who don't have that much time to play games, this style doesn't fit me. This is a very personalized point, so you decide the value based on your own life schedule.ConclusionIs it worth the price?YesIs the CAU DLC worth paying for?Yes. The base game itself offers a lot of hours of playtime with its massive content. If you enjoy arcade racing, The Crew is your ultimate-updated-graphics arcade racing game. If you enjoy old NFS play styles combined with a big variation of cars, The Crew can also be a great fit for you. As a comparison with one of its competitor, Need For Speed (2016), The Crew lacks the physics realism, storyline, and general cutscene quality, but it offers more cars and gameplay variance. I would also recommend this game for people who love driving around, exploring various geographical landscapes.The CAU DLC's police chase content itself is already worth it. It's a great newly-added gameplay variance where you get to be the law enforcer and chase actual players. The police cars are also very cool to have and worth grinding for.Sidenote: For people who are complaining about the DLC not being unlocked after purchasing it through Steam, simply play other missions for a while, restart the game, and it will fix itselfI hope my review can help you decide whether to purchase this game!Thank you for reading."
76561197961211546,Not Recommended,241560,23089365,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Badly Burned Albanian Boy,"Pay full price for a game, and they still want you to pay for the best cars.  I will never recommend a cash grab of that nature.   Yes, you can purchase some of the cars with in-game money.  But of course the best (most fun) cars require cash-only purchases.I actually enjoy the game and will continue to play it.  But I will NEVER recommend it to my friends."
,Not Recommended,241560,13196293,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,.Kanvy*,"""The Crew"" is supposed to be advertised as this revolutionary ""Always-Online"" MMO car racing game that many people have been sitting around for years to be made. It delivers an exciting experience when read on paper, however when actually excuted makes for a sloppily made game which show obvious signs of outdated programming, and included with it an even archaic attempt to jump into the racing genre a few years too late.The ideas presented for this game are fantastic, an always online MMO where people can join crews and race against each other representing their gang, crew or team. (Basically whatever you want to call it.)The main problem lies in the focus that the game progression system, driving mechanics, progression system and general programming are flawed in so many ways it makes me wonder what year they drafted this game in before they took it to the crafting table.Design wise, the game's success is at the core of it's pitch. The ""Always online racing MMO car game that thrives while you are offline"" with a ""Progression system of great detail and complete customization"". The game focuses hard on trying to give users a feeling that the world moves on without them, and you can visibly see this in (what should be) other players actively driving around the map going objective to mission points while in active traffic along side you.Theme wise, it catches the feel of Detroit decent well, but sadly seems more or less like a rip-off towards other racing games themes that tend to stick with the south-central LA area and Detroit (Generic East Coast Theme.) There's no variation in location until the later portion of the game, and for the most part you will only see major shift changes in the locale when you move away from Detroit when you move across central USA, the dirty south, the pacific northwest, and the southwest.The map's design is heavily (and for the most part completely) based on the idea of the whole USA as a driveable entity. It's lacking point however is that there's little to no detail outside the area of Detroit, and similarly detailed areas tend to stay grouped up within each other leaving huge spans of empty road between the different regions. (Example : Central US, Between Detroit and Florida).Progression wise, the game tries to give users a sense of calm as progression unlocks aren't solely limited to ""street races"". Other goals lead to stunt jumps, checkpoint races and time attack objectives. These types of objectives spark the inner racer within all of us who prefer to beat personal times, which is great for some users. However, because progression is done with small objectives in mind to ""Level"" up your car to qualify for specific races, you'll spend more time driving frustratingly difficult time attack, check point, and stunt jump objectives due to the lack of responsive and ""actually useable"" car handling.Car handling is heavily tied to progression as the cars at early levels drive akin to that of an ice cube sliding on the ground. The cars when driven at their base level tend to be very unresponsive at the least, and you're more then likely to spin out regardless of whether or not you slow down at a corner properly or use the emergency breaks. Early game progression unlocks help ease this problem, however like I said before, you will spend a huge amount of time on small unlocks to truly level up your car to it's max potential. The pitch for this is that higher level cars are more responsive, and thus drive better.Mechanically speaking, the game runs well for what we've seen of it's previously noted issues. (Previously in beta, the animations were directly tied to the frames of the game data). Now that full 60fps support is ""Unlocked"" in the options, the lack of speed that users claimed to have in the beta is completely gone. You now have a complete sense of speed when you throttle your car above 100mph. *(160kh/m for you other homies out there.)* However, optimization in this game and it's calculation of physics and other players tend to take the game's performance below the 60fps region when in heavy traffic, but never drops below 30fps. *Hint hint* None the less, setting the graphics down in this game will tend to ease the wrath of traffic, of the obvious drawback of image quality. In addition, there are still flaws with the animation which obviously give away the fact the game was from the start developed with 30fps in mind. (Which isn't entirely a big problem, however when you play games like this which rely on user input, the resonsiveness and feeling the user gets while playing is the biggest selling point in how the game performs on a face level.)**Plot**I'm not going to say much, so far from what I've experienced the story seems akin to most standard street race movies.You are the brother to the leader of an infamous street racing gang called the 510. One day he needs you to follow him to a meet up, brother is shot and you get framed as the murderer. Fast forward five years, in an effort to clear your name and find your brothers killer, and the crooked cop who framed you for the murder, you proceed to work for the FBI to rise the ranks and bring justice back to the streets.Simply put, not exactly the best writing, character development for the lead character is non-existent and the progression of the prologue goes by so fast I honestly thought there was another beginning section I had skipped beforehand.Multiplayer wise, you're more likely to have more fun playing with the CPU then you do with actual players. Missions introduced throughout the game have two options for execution. You have the ability for solo gameplay which allows you to compete against computer opponents and progress through the game. (The only real MMO online element begins here.)For actual multiplayer, lobbies are formed via missions when you select the option to ""race online"" for that specific mission. Users are then paged, and/or formed based on who are currently doing the mission and are gathered from that method. Users past that area, or users who have not progressed to that specific portion of the game typically do not respond or bother to play online due to the lack of users because of inconsistency with progression. Half the time you will spend it again, with the CPU racing offline. With a majority of your online experiences happening at the higher levels where non-mandatory race missions are more freqent and people will be fully utilizing the ""Crew"" feature more.Overall, the game is a fun chuckle. It has it's flaws, and could be a great game with fixes. Due to it's limited playability however, and it's very difficult progression system combined with a linearly designed multiplayer it falls short on the expectations created for it at it's announcement. Did Ubisoft deliver what they promised? Partly.The game however is far from complete. For this, I have to give it a thumbs down. A game in general should be well fleshed out especially past it's multiple alpha, and beta stages which had the ability for vast numbers of user input. At this point in time it should be moderately well developed enough to not show this many flaws.I've already spent my money, and I'll continue to play it to see how development progresses. At this current point and stage from it's inital release from CORE features that were already planned for the game and is executed in it's fullest, there's no telling what can happen.tl;dr it's a rushed poor mans version of need for speed before EA became return of the sith"
76561198105030620,Not Recommended,241560,28107747,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tijoux,"This game should have not have been $60. With all the DLC, it is such a shameless money grab. Just to buy certian motorcycles, you need to own TWO DLCs! TWO! Each being $25. And it's not like you unlock them once you get both DLCs... YOU HAVE TO GRIND THE MONEY UP FOR THEM! Seriously, this game has gotten sad. I was excited to get the new cars in the game, but for some reason, you need the 'Calling All Units' DLC to buy these, EVEN IF THE CARS HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH THE DLC! Just shameful..."
,Recommended,241560,14179321,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Dolph,"Most of the complaints about this game are entirely valid, and yet I'm still totally satisfied to sit down behind my G27 and just drive until my wrists are sore and my finger tips develop calluses.I don't care about the broken multiplayer, lack of a real physics model, lack of story depth, shallow tuning, short list of cars, dumb in-game GPS navigation, cheaters on the leaderboards, rubber banding AI, terrible marketing, etc, etc.The handling model is sufficient, the cars sound decent, there's a cockpit view & hood view, G27 support is alright, frame rate is super consistent (60 FPS on an overclocked GTX 760 with mostly High options, FXAA & no shadows), and the game has been completely stable for me.If you simply like to drive, then you should buy."
,Not Recommended,241560,29471636,Posted: 24 January,all,Gamer64,"Nice job screwing over people that already bought this game. People that want all the content but haven't bought the game yet can pay a measly 50 USD for everything, but you're going to charge people that already bought the game an extra 45 USD for the expansions. What was even the point of the season pass? I get a bunch of cars. Yeah, whatever. Why weren't the expansions a part of that? Great business practice, Ubisoft. Thanks for reminding people that it's possible to be worse than EA, even though you might not get an award for it."
76561198115301175,Recommended,241560,13595656,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Calibreus,"I don't fully understand why there are so many bad reviews both on Steam and on the web... There are a lot of great things about this game and it really is next-gen with both it's graphics and absolutely fantastic open-world. Instead of writing a long and strenuous paragraph however; I will simply provide the pro's and con's of this game.Pro's:-Insane Open World (largest I have ever experienced in video game)-Beautiful Graphics (despite what others have said, when you crank this thing to ultra it sure is a beauty)-Good Handling/Physics (change the in-game handling in the settings to ""sport"" or ""hardcore"")-Beautiful Cars (they look basically the same as they do realistically)-Selection of Music (different radio stations that you can choose in-game while driving are really cool)-An Alive World (you'll see trains, planes, cars, pedestrians, trucks, law enforcement, et cetera anywhere you go)-Difficulty (it isn't a little kids game you can easily beat; it does take some skill)-Attention to Detail (there are abandoned houses in deserts that each look totally different, cops have different accents according to the state their in, landmarks can be found throughout the map and provide you with real-life facts about those destinations, et cetera)-Decent Story (it has a story and that's what counts in my opinion, it isn't amazing but it doesn't suck either)-Car Spec's (they are very cool and unlike what most people say; you do feel a difference between them)-Only Next-Gen Racing Game Available on PC (as of my knowledge, there are no other racing games on the PC that were released at the same time as the Crew. All of the Crew's competition like Forza Horizon 2 or Driveclub are only limited to the consoles at the moment)Con's-Some Buggy A.I. (especially in cop chases!)-Not A Huge Selection of Cars (I don't fully know how to explain it, but I feel there should just be a more varied selection of cars)-No Profanity Settings (I know I'm getting a little ridiculous here but it would be nice to have an option to bleep out the swears)-Not the Customization I was Expecting (it's not horrible but there just aren't that many customization options)-Pathetic Community (I have tried many times to do a proper co-op race with random players and it always fails because no one will join. I have also been bombarded by trolls that are hacking in high spec'd cars that do not meet there driver level at all)-Always Online (this hasn't affected me a ton but it's a bit irritating and can get a little laggy with a lot of players)-Crashes (due to the always online part; I have crashed a few times. Fortunately the game always saves my progress so it hasn't affected me yet)-DLC (although it won't really matter whether you get it or not in the campaign, I could see there being Pay2Win's in PvP. Like seriously Ubisoft, don't make people spend $60 on a brand new game just to be greeted by the stupid $25 DLC Season Pass)Summary:Should you buy this game? Well, if you love racing games and you love exploration and you have a beasty rig (that meets the recommended settings or even the minimum settings) then buy this game, It is fantastic.If you don't have what I mentioned but are still contemplating purchasing the game, it might be best to wait until the price goes down; $60 is expensive.Anyway, if you read this entire review and found it to be helpful; then thank you for your support! Hopefully it did help you to make a decision. ^.^"
,Not Recommended,241560,13199577,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,TheAtomicOwl,"The game is fun, The racing is just arcadey enough to be fun and just as real to be a challenge in close matchups.The multiplayer aspect is cool but currently not an ""MMO"".Community manager Natchai_Ubisoft on the forums said ""you'll currently have a maximum of 8 per session "" and to me that's bull. I paid for an MMO racing game not forza horizon with a bigger map and less people. So if you're looking to get this for the social side and expect to constantly be talking to people or bumping into others who want to tear down the highway it's kind of a bust. I am indecisive but my end decision is going to be not recommended because of the lack of MM in an MMO game"
,Recommended,241560,21395505,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Snort Cannon,"I'm so disappointed with this game, there's a lot of good, but there's a lot of bad as well.The Crew is a game made by Ivory Tower and published by Ubisoft. The Crew is an MMO where you explore the US with your crew which consists of you and your friends.Story wise the game follows on Alex Taylor. You are a rookie racer and your brother is the founder of a nation wide racing group called the 5-10. You want to join, but before you can prove yourself, your brother is murdered by another 5-10 named Shiv who teamed up with a corrupt FBI agent. A few years pass and an agent by the name of Zoe comes by with a deal, help her put both of them behind bars and you become free. But you need to work up the 5-10 chain before you can get to Shiv, so you need to build a crew from all over the country.The Crew offers a one time campaign which you can play solo or with friends. A lot of the events are identical in every region. Get to a state, find the next member of your crew, do jobs for them and repeat in an other country to work your way to Shiv. Some of the missions, include time trials, races, chases, take down missions and destroy missions where you have to destroy shipments of stuff.The graphics and the entire map are incredibly well designed. I've spent 5 hours alone on driving around and seeing the sights and trust me it's incredibly fun and at the time of me writing this review I still haven't explored the entire map, so there's a lot more to explore.The gameplay itself, is pretty decent. The game offers you different type of cars, like circuit, raid, dirt, street and perf cars which you can use to drive on different types of terrain.  A lot of them handle differently, like the circuit vehicles are incredibly fast, but brake terribly, raid vehicles can drive through all the terrain, so you can use them to drive up on mountain areas.The game also has online races, but you can forget doing Crew events cause literally no one is playing the crew races, every event is solo only and the matchmaking is some of the worst stuff, I have ever seen. If someone in the lobby has terrible internet, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ You will be stuck on the message that say's trying to reconnect the player having problems. The game doesn't kick him out and trust me sometimes it gets annoying when in a single race the game pauses the race multiple times trying to reconnect other players.The game also suffers from really big issues, like AI rubber banding players in the top position. and the AI in the lower positions give up on the races trying to ram each other of the road when they get the chance to do so. The game also suffers from clipping issues where you ram something so hard your car will get stuck in whatever you hit.The game overall is a really fun game, but a lot of major issues make this game not worth the full price. On a discount I can safely say you can get the game and you will not be disappointed, by the game.Final Rating:6/10 - Only buy on a discountIf you liked this review please consider giving it a thumbs up and if you disliked post in the comments on what you disliked about the review.For more reviews follow Snort's Review curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198007103070,Not Recommended,241560,30693513,Posted: 23 March,all,Hessian,"It's a Ubi game, so you kind of expect half truths and a dumbing down of everything they spewed that would be in the game. Ubi is also extremely good at the DLC season pass scam on all their games. Content that was promised at the start always turns up in the second year after seasons pass is gone.As for the game, I played back at launch and when I went back in recently I found they have really slowed progression in the game to the point it is just a grinder now.Big company that has mastered the scam of DLC."
,Recommended,241560,34211488,Posted: 13 August,all,Sorai97,"You said 'Don't drive alone.' but looks like I'm alone.everytime i wanna meet someone, 'Boom' they disappeard.So, I drive alone. mostly all time.It makes me boring and completely meanless feeling.But, still game is good.You have great storyline and graphics are excellent.I use every rest of time to play this.And i also expecting about The Crew 2.So, thank you for the make this game."
,Recommended,241560,19351296,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Wolf,"I will separate this into two categories: Single Player and Multiplayer. Seeing as both have different stories to tell, I feel it would be appropriate to split them up. Warning, there may be spoilers, but nothing that will ruin the whole story. Enjoy.Single player:The single player has a great story, as do most games made by Ubisoft. You start the story as Alex Taylor, a man and brother who gets put into prison and framed for his brothers' death, which was caused by the main antagonist, Shiv. Throughout the story, you compete and earn your rank through a sort of street gang lead by various characters by their status, (V2, V4, V6) ultimately trying to get to the top, V8, where Shiv stands.Each city you unlock, which I might add are major cities throughout the United States, (LA, New York, Miami, etc.) you gain new members to your crew, or basically guidance and emotional support to your driving and discovery of locations, races and more. Your crew becomes a valuable asset to you, both becoming good friends and especially people you can count on.Now, for the actual review part:The single player had some good moments, great scenes, and overall a great racing experience. The handling of vehicles is the best I've seen throughout all my years of racing games, and takes the cake for that. The only thing Ireallywish they would have done was spend more time on the ending. It seemed very rushed and very anti-climactic. This though does not change my overall feel of the game, I still love it.Multiplayer:Multiplayer can be a separate story on its own simply in the fact you can basically go anywhere, with anyone. Traveling far distances with friends or strangers can be quite a great experience, especially if you can tolerate driving for literally hours at a time in real time. To put into perspective, you can probably make it across the whole map (let's say LA to Maine) in about an hour, or close to. This is driving at full speed, at least at 330km/h (at least I was).There's plenty of places to visit, plenty of great atmospheric areas to go to. It can be very biased, but if you're not into driving for hours at a time, I wouldn't bother playing multiplayer, I'd just stick to the story.All in all, it's a great game for what it's worth, can include hundreds of hours of multiplayer time if you're into it, or if not, you can free roam around at your will (and even go offroading in a dirt spec or raid vehicle!)."
,Recommended,241560,25316605,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DickButt,NFS 2015-Died in less than a year-EA-OriginThe Crew-Almost 2 years and still getting updates-Ubisoft-Uplay
,Not Recommended,241560,28275868,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Polotow,Sounded like a great game and it was at first. but when you realise that it didn't deliver what the trailer showed. you start getting really bored when there is nothing to do but grinding cards.I liked the beta so much i preordered the gold version with the season pass.this included 5 in my opnion worst dlc's i have ever gotten in a game. After that they made 3 proper dlc's which is pricy and ofc you wont get with the season pass.if its very cheap and you love crusing around this is the game for you. if you look for more than that keep away.
,Not Recommended,241560,13216361,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,shokk,"This Review is heavily outdated but I'll give you the summary of how the game is now.-Traffic exists and is always annoying in free-roam. [Shout out to the downhill drifters in the mountain state smashing into buses on every corner]-The servers are trash and sessions barely work most of the time.-New Car releases being only buyable via microtransaction currency is garbage for a game that's dying, which means Ivory Tower and Ubisoft are trying to get as much as possible from this game's whales.-Physics are awful-Customization is still awful and isn't being expanded on other then condensing categories of existing elements.-Monster trucks were a mistake.[Wasted Development Time]-Who the hell wanted bikes?[Wasted Development Time]-Shader revamp still isn't good enough, the car headlights are dying flashlights that barely light up anything.-Race track lamps don't cast light (what the actual ♥♥♥♥ Ivory Tower?) So it's dark as hell with your awful car lights.-Most previous issues about the game still exist like barely anything to do other then drifting (Which you have to buy the wild run for)(Wild Run DLC is literally ""Buy this if you want to drift and have actual fun"")-Drifting isn't as good as it could be (Because you can't edit anything about the handling of the car apart from RNG Parts WHICH THEY MADE EVEN HARDER TO GET.)-Rx7 was put in for ridiculously high prices to force more Microtransactions.gg Ubisoft edgelords being incompetent still.Ivory Tower you can do better then this♥♥♥♥♥♥ c'mon._____[OLD REVIEW BEFORE WILDRUN]Summary at the Bottom.The Crew is a game I was quite excited for since I played the Beta, though it is suffering from some massive issues and probably more as I play more. My review style is usually pointing out the negatives, as negatives are easier to see then positives, which positives clog the list up if you try to find them and it becomes a mess.Note: I didn't pay fully for the game with my own money(I sold TF2♥♥♥♥♥♥on the market), so I am not biased by how much money I invested.Lets get started..•AI-The AI is the type to mimic what the player does if it's not in 1st place, you'll notice this if you're already playing.-And they just do things that are outright impossible. In the video Jim Sterling made at the 8 minute mark, there's a AI controlled car that just does what he is doing except at a ridiculous level and still is faster. This is a massive problem when you're racing AI and they pull this.-Source of the ridiculously bad AI;http://youtu.be/MJbAt5QWDhU?t=8m21sHe's not even racing him cause it's the prologue and he's doing this cause that's how they're coded, and in races they do the exact crap.-There are also times where they go through civilian traffic vehicles to keep up with you, it's extremely unfair and frustrating.-Faction missions where you have to race these very AI for an hour or 2 is just the most infuriating thing imaginable, imagine that AI, doing insane stuff and keeping up with you while you're trying your best to not slam into traffic in crowded cities at 150-200mph and the AI is going through it like it doesn't even exist with no consequences in handling. Not fun at all and I'd say avoid ones that have you racing the AI in those long missions.•Customization-Kits are another issue, many kits aren't done yet which should of been if the game had to be delayed.-Kits like the raid or circuit, you can't customize the body for the few cars that currently have it.-You can't color your rims(Which would be so easy to put in), so you're stuck with Grey/Default, black, white, and sometimes gold)-There isn't too many selections, for instance in Dirt, if I wanted a certain headlight setup, with fog lights, I couldn't do it, I had to have fog lights with a different setup of headlights. A tad restrictive and could possibly be easily fixed seeing as the fog lights are ontop of the model.-Vinyl's are somewhat dull as well as restrictive seeing as what you see is what you get, no color changing what so ever, so you'd have to tailor your core vehicle color to the vinyl or just either have no vinyl or pick a different one.•Cars-Pretty much a 14 year olds wet dream, there's a bunch of Exotics and Muscle Cars with barely any Japanese Cars.-When you start, you have the choice between 3 identical looking American boats, or the one Japanese Car, barely much variety to start with.-There's some Civilian cars that look pretty damn good and would add greatly to the selection, but they chose to make them just cars to pass by or get in your way.-Tuning is pretty much non-existant, the only thing you're doing is upgrading parts, not tuning. Static upgrades. No body tuning, or engine tuning. The spec kits are the only thing that 'tune' your car.•Misc-G27 and other wheel controller support is still awkward and the Force Feedback is not good to play with, it jerks the wheel randomly and you're constantly fighting it, no matter if your on Sports or Hardcore, you have to turn Force feedback down to play with a wheel enjoyably-Personally I don't really like nitrous boosts in games, but that's just my peeve, the mechanic is there so note that.-Crew system has problems with disconnecting at the end of missions, instancing, etc.-The Police are ridiculous during missions or higher level stars, like they're psychopaths who got a Police car and want to kill you at the cost of killing themselves, and suffer from the typical AI problems.-Physics are ridiculous, as the community calls them Cat-Physics, your car will try it's best to stay on all 4 wheels, which causes ridiculous things to happen if your wheels get off center.-Text Chat censors such stupid letter combinations making it impossible to have normal conversations.On the topic of drifting; If you want to know what kit is best for drifting, it's Street. It use to be Dirt, but the handling changes made the the dirt kit less optimal for that.I will add on more to this review as I play more.•Summary.-The AI is Terrible and Unfair-Customization is more limited then it should be(It doesn't need to be NFS Underground, but it can easily be better then what it is)-Car selection is very uninspired and bland.-Currently doing missions in a crew has issues and kicks people out of the game and having their rewards lost.-Nitrous is a mechanic and is pretty much needed to be used in missions.-G27/Wheel support needs work-Assets in the game that should be used but aren't.-Game is still unfinished even after a Release delay, unobtainable kits cause they're not ""finished"".-No user radio for immersion sake, and the music selection is very boring. You'll have to resort to listening to your own music outside of the game.-Missions due to the AI aren't fun-Popo are not fun and you might as well let them catch out outside of missions if your star level is too high.-Text Chat censors are terrible, and was rushed.-Physics are counter-intuitive and can mess you up especially during jumps.-There is no Tuning, changing Specs is the only 'tuning' you'll get.Wait for a discount or hold off until more updates come out. It's not that fun in its current state. It has the potential to be fun, just not currently."
76561198024682601,Recommended,241560,23400159,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,L0N3_W0LF™,"This game has a huge map and that is awesome for a mmo car game, but the storyline is only about 30 to 40 hours long.There are pvp lobbies where you can race with others but they are on full upgraded cars most of the time and the only way you are going to beat them, is when they crash in the race. Cars are well detailed and there is a incar view, some cars you can only get if you buy their dlc which is expensive (drift and drag races included in dlc)"
,Not Recommended,241560,13906901,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,CONE11,"My expectations for this game were large, but what we get from games, nothing!!This is still one of the bad games from Ubisoft. I played it too much, in the hope that it will be repaired.But after a month and few days after release game, nothing's changed. I can tell only, DONT BUY THIS GAME!!"
,Recommended,241560,11930778,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Assault Marine Snips,"-I've read people say this is sort of what TDU/2 is supposed to have been. I never played them. The nearest to open world racing I have experienced is Burnout Paradise. My comparisons will be based on Paradise.First, the main draw, I think, is the sheer scope. Meant to represent the continental USA, the game world is huge and divided into 5 sections: East coast, west coast, the South, Midwest, and Mountain. In each region, there is a handful of towns, of varying sizes from the region. the South for example, has Nashville, New Orleans, Miami(which is one of the 5 major cities in the game), Dallas, and others. The midwest, where the beta starts and focuses on, has Detroit, Chicago, St. Louis.  Between them and the west coast is  Las Vegas and the desert, as well as other towns.Detroit, St. Louis, and Chicago had landmark areas to visit that would give a quick sentence or two on a neighborhood, factory( Detroit's Ford factory included). Unfortunately I can't say I know anything about the 3 cities in game where landmarks are described, so i don't know how many are real or not.-What about that open-world, no loading screen driving?Well, the game touts being able to drive ""coast to coast"". You can do that. If you don't want to, pull into a town, and feel free to use the train station or airport as a sort of fast travel to different towns.  You can actually fast travel to any specific spot you've driven to. What this means is I start in Detroit, fly to Miami or San Francisco, drive to the nearby wilderness, warp to detroit, and warp back to that isolated desert plateau.Speaking of towns and landmarks, some regions have real world race tracks or mountain trails. Pike's Peak is very close to St. Louis, while Mazda's Laguna Seca course is close to the western coast line. There are other trails  and tracks, but those were the two I personally visited and ran. For those of you curious, Pike's Peak is in its gravel glory.-There's a lot of driving, what kind of driving is it?Well, it isn't as arcadey as Burnout Paradise,Initial D, Fast and Furious, or other arcade machine driving games. With that said, it isn't Gran Turismo, Forza, or Rfactor either. Users of steering setups like Logitech's G27 can expect to use all 3 pedals if they so choose. I personally made use of the 360 controller for pc, and while it wasn't as perfect as a wheel could be, I did fairly well. Controller users, expect some slight difficulty shifting in default controls. Using the Right analog stick up and down as sequential shifting works well enough until you need to reverse. Likewise, don't expect to be precise on throttle and brake using the left and right triggers. The boost button is the ""A"" button, which means boosting as you shift WILL be awkward and slow you down. Having one of the wheels is definitely going to be a better experience in fun and outright skill.As far as tuning your vehicles go, expect more ""MMO"", less ""simulation"" and ""racing"". For example, I completed a quick event while cruising and got a new ECU. it added +2 to braking. When you buy your car and it's considered ""full stock"", you will see some real stats: Torque, max speed,  weight, drivetrain layout, 0-60 time. Once you begin upgrading it however, those will be replaced bby more MMO styled representations. My 370Z car in ""Street"" spec had a speed of 63xx, and after getting various unlocks, it ended up around 66xx. This may seem confusing, and I apologize if my description has lost you. Here's the bottom line: DO NOT EXPECT YOUR CAR TO HANDLE WITH SPECIFIC INPUTS AS IF THIS IS FORZA OR GT. The game definitely caters more to the feel/perception of driving than the technical  know-how and experience.*Note I've only played GT5, which is a decent ""sim"" for consoles, but  probably isn't the most in-depth driving sim either. It is a good comparison to this game and Burnout Paradise though.*Viisually, car mods are well done. Swap bumpers, hoods, trunk spoilers, interior material, and paint. Bonus points for rally lights and snorkels for ""Dirt"" spec cars. Each part and sticker fits right. The cars are simply beautiful to look at. As you get damaged, paint scrrapes off, bumpers begin to hang off, glass gets cracked. Did you drive off-road? you've probably collected some mud.So, the game's called ""The Crew"". Where's said crew? (Multiplay)If you see a player you want to crew with, simply bring the menu up, select their trading card, and invite them. Once in a crew, the whole team (up to 4) can do most single-play events. If one player wins it, the whole team wins it. Got a friend that loves off-road, and another that specializes in hitting the apex on a hill climb or track? the off-road guy can do track events with the track guy. Team wins, off-roader can move on. Same with the track nut being able to sort of get carried through off-road events. The notes are true: *no* load times. You can drive from Detroit to San Fran without seeing a load screen. ***Except for  a noticable 2-6 seconds transition to and from map screen. So what happens when you are in Detroit and your friends are already in San Fran? Well, if you've been to the spot they are at, you can simply fast travel directly on top of them. Otherwise, unfortunately, you guys have a bit of a drive to meet up unless you take a bus or plane.For better or worse, you can't see every player that is online in your world. the game seems to split players into ""Sessions"". You can freely see players on your map if they are in your session. Whether your friends are in your session or not, you can crew with them. Animals and perhaps other things aren't synced. A friend was running over some boars in a forest while I watched him do donuts in an open field. Weather does seem to be synced though.I tried to cover some of the technical aspects above. Driving physics and handling, the open world aspect, and multiplay.The truth is, I had a fun time being in a crew with 2 friends, and going from meeting them near Laguna Seca, to driving for 20 minutes sowe could hit Pike's Peak. Yes, there's  a single player story revolving around underground street racing and gang drama...but what I and my friends enjoyed most, was getting in our cars, and just driving. I was using a Ford Focus, while my friends were using a Dodge Charger and a Ford Mustang. As we were traveling, I had to really struggle at times to keep them in my view. My god it was glorious. Sometimes they let off the throttle, or we paused to swap to different cars. After switching to my street car (370z) I was able to keep good pace and even pass them. At that point, we were able to just trail each other closely.Buy/consider  this game if:-You enjoy driving just to cruise. (Part of the charm is the 20 min drive)-You don't need/want very technical, realistic driving. OR You don't mind a driving game with somewhat..exaggerated characteristics.-You like open world games-You like cars-MMO/RPG type progression is ok to you: redoing missions for more XP/cash, less than accurate tuning( see above for ECU adding +2 to braking stat )- Simply looking for another game to use that steering wheel/pedal/shifter set for.Maybe skip the game if:-the idea of an always-online game isn't fun to you- You need/strongly desire simulation/realistic handling, roads, etc. The game makes some heavy compromises in each area.-You prefer more traditional racing, such as Forza and GT for track racing; Colin McRae/Dirt for Rally/ light off-roading.-you hate Uplay. (I had some very damning problems separate from the game)-Not a fan of MMO's or grinding to level up the player or cars.-You don't really want to use peripherals like a steering wheel, or analog controller. Like a real car, slight throttle, brake, and steering inputs will be the difference between a smooth drive and constantly smacking cars and guard rails."
,Not Recommended,241560,19140006,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Matrixx,"Buys season pass, Begins to realize.... it's a waste. Sees new update, Gets excited :). Finds out its just more DLC for more money. Begins to realize.... it's a waste."
,Not Recommended,241560,23031163,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ayyyyy Kitsep,"I paid $60 for this game to play with my friends, then after more then a FULL YEAR of owning it, out of nowhere it suddenly tells me that my ""trial period"" had ended, and they are forcing me to pay ANOTHER $30 for DLC just to keep playing? oh HELL no! thats bull! I shouldn't be FORCED to pay for DLC just to keep playing the game I payed full price for!"
,Not Recommended,241560,19152069,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ㄥ,wild run update wont let me play the game anymore.Ubisoftpleas fixthats the only reason im voting this as a no. until it gets fixed its unplayable.literally
,Not Recommended,241560,14658896,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Archy Senpai [RTOZ],"The game is quite fun, and I have spent many hours in it, and will probably spend more too. However... there are some pretty big caveats to this. The price for one; I have the Australia tax, and the base game costs $75USD, not including the exchange rate and everything. Then there is the DLC - each one is a pack of 4 extra cars, hardly worth the price considering they don't really offer too much more. And then there are the Mi-crew-transactions. Seriously? Extra in-game micro transactions on an already pretty pricey Triple A release? There are two different forms of currency in-game, one which is solely earnt through missions, skills, and stunts. And then there are CREW CREDITS. You are given 100,000 reasonably early on in the game, but that's not enough for anything good. And so... you are invited to use real life money to purchase these in order to quickly obtain cars or specs that you would otherwise spend countless hours grinding for. The grind for this game is pretty ridiculous - not only do you have to grind for in-game cash (unless you pay real money) for the cars, but then, upgrade those cars, you must complete skill challenges to acquire parts to improve your car... for each individual car. The best parts are also RNG based, so you could easily spend hours farming the same challenge to try and get that specific part you wanted.In contrast to some others, I've had no issues with Uplay, but this could just mean I'm one of the lucky ones. Unlike some of the Trailers, the world isn't as filled - this is both a good and bad thing. If you like PVP, well, you'll be in for a long wait. But otherwise, the comparative lack of players is actually a bit of a blessing in disguise. Particularly if you are farming money or parts, the smaller population sizes actually makes it much easier to do what you want without getting in each other's way, which is extremely inconvenient and can be extremely aggravating. One of the biggest draws, the co-op, doesn't really seem to work completely as well, sometimes crews doing a mission won't finish properly. That said, it is still incredibly awesome to drive around America with a group of friends, or accept a random online invite if you prefer that instead. There can, however, still be connection issues even within a crew, so that is something to keep in mind if you plan on primarily playing the game in multiplayer. You'll also want to do this with a friend, playing with strangers online can be dicey and very hit and miss.The campaign is pretty standard and boring despite how short it is - done and dusted in about 7 or 8 hours. The campaign really offers nothing new, interesting, or relevant. It's very cliche with some pretty glaring plot holes. I enjoyed cruising around the map in free roam doing whatever I wanted more than completing the campaign.This brings me to by far, the best part of the game - the world map. The Drive is the best open world driving experience I've had by far, with you literally able to drive from Canada to Mexico and coast to coast with an incredibly diverse environment to explore, with vast tracks of open road and off road land to discover. Many cities are either scaled down or removed completely, understandable but potentially annoying to some - I never had an issue with it, it would not make sense to make everything completely to scale. The exploration of the map is great, although sometimes the game feels more like a tourist guide... noting landmarks like the Grand Canyon and Hoover Dam. Regardless, the environments are fantastic, from the dense urban cities of Los Angeles and New York, to snowy mountains, deserts, and swamps. The time and environmental system in The Crew is also well worth talking about. From snow, rain, cloud, and sun, the weather is quite well, although rain does not affect driving as much as it should. The day/night system is a highlight, although sometimes streetlamps and headlights turn on and off at weird times... The poor standard of NPC traffic is a let-down. Not only in terms of how they look, but also in terms of how they spawn and despawn. I understand that this is to reduce the stress of the game, but it still looks odd to see other vehicles randomly appearing or vanishing, especially at night time, where headlights are the only thing which shows other road users.Now to the gameplay. The driving and racing offers nothing spectacular, although the game's physics and hit boxes are inconsistent. On one hand, it's pretty good to see a driving game where your car accumulates visible damage. However, repair prices are exorbitant, and the damage does not seem to effect the car's performance. Then there are odd times where you hit another car or object... sometimes you get the ""crash cam"", sometimes you spin to the side, sometimes you flip, sometimes you are bumped backwards or sideways... but there doesn't seem to be much  consistency. And sometimes you'll be sent flying over rocks or curbs through invisible walls. It can be entertaining to see your million-dollar car flip and tumble... but also frustrating and physically wrong. I feel the handling is quite poor in the game, with strangely large turning circles, the surprisingly high propensity to skid (not drift), something exacerbated off-road. Landing after jumps is also poorly handled, and you always land nose first, generally but not always, causing you flip and crash.There isn't too much racing in this game, with a variety of other missions such as ""disable"" or ""deliver"", but the game's AI is very frustrating and completely unrealistic. Regardless of how your car is upgraded, the AI will always be right on your tail. Collisions will ALWAYS affect you more negatively than the other car hit, regardless of whether it's a race or police pursuit, and who intitiated the contact. And the police pursuits are not fun either. Pursuits only start if you hit a street lamp, but you will be ignored if you speed through a red light at four times the speed limit past a police car? And then, when the pursuit starts, it's actually quite impractical to see the police cars catch up to you... it just doesn't make sense that a random squad car could catch up to a supercar and then insta-stop and bust you. The speed with which you get caught, and subsequently the amount you get fined, make police pursuits far more trouble than fun. The traffic can also behave oddly, especially at lights and when merging.And then, finally, the cars themselves. I really love the fact that most of the cars are licensed, and have official paints, rims, etc. There are exceptions though, such as the two RUF cars. The stature of the cars is further refined by the 5 different classes, or specs - Street, Dirt, Performance, Race, Circuit - which are all noticeably different to each other, in both looks and performance. This is in contrast to some other games, where differences such as Rally or Muscle cars actually really don't offer much difference in terms of gameplay. In The Crew, the different classes all have their own strengths and weaknesses, and perform differently. Even with the classes, however, the selection of cars is really quite limited, especially if you do not purchase the DLC. While there is a reasonably large range of physical modifications available (bumpers, hoods, spoilers, etc.), these customisation options lack depth and are limited. And some, like the license plates, are barely noticeable. That said, you are able to do some incredibly fun and potentially silly things. Like drive a Mini Cooper down a ski ramp like THE STIG, or hit 300km/h in a Fiat or Dodge SRT.It's months post release, but there are still bugs  - getting stuck or going through environmental hazards, , and graphical glitches where roads vanish or turn strange colours... Don't get me wrong, I enjoy The Crew, and it isn't bad, per se, but it's hard to justify the price, especially with microtransactions thrown in."
,Recommended,241560,14408247,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Nanopod,Touched 382km/h in a pink Fiat 500.10/10
,Not Recommended,241560,14129215,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Terzh,"Watchdogs racing, but with rubberbanding, a horrible plot and godawful physics."
,Not Recommended,241560,28748787,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,GUM就是戈昂亩,"This is not about the game, it's about the company.I bought this game with season pass for about 80 dollars just after it released.Then Ubisoft, please tell me what is included in the season pass????? Just couple car packs??? I DO NOT think anyone who bought your dumb season pass just for thoes cars, we were expecting some new content just like other games.And then you released a new expansion to the game next year finally some new content and I have to pay more to get the expansion???ABSOLUTE SMART STRATEGY Ubisoft!!!!!"
76561198018494742,Recommended,241560,31772334,Posted: 15 May,all,Grounded Finn,"If you liked TDU, you'll like this one. Simple as that."
76561198027609922,Not Recommended,241560,31267280,Posted: 20 April,all,Kellbourn,"Let me preface this review by saying I am a huge fan of motorsports and racing games. I was a junior in High school when Gran Turismo 4 launched back in ’05 and it was the sole reason I bought a PS2 that I had saved for from my part time job working at the 99 cent store. On the weekends my friend and I would take shifts driving the 24 hour endurance races. Over the years I have spent many hours playing other “less serious” racing games as well, from everything with the title “Need For Speed” or “Midnight club”; after what I can only assume are thousands of hours spent playing racing games when I started playing “The Crew” I was a bit confounded. This may contain some spoilers.The Crew boasts a wide array of vehicles and specs to choose from; everything from street spec tuner cars, performance muscle cars, bikes, dragsters, drifters, off road rally type vehicles and even the occasional monster truck. With lots of visual customization options to boot, on the surface, it seems like something very similar to midnight club.The game starts you off driving an American classic, a ’69 Camaro, and for reasons I don’t quite recall you end up working for the police trying to infiltrate a gang, I think they killed my cousin or something? It’s not really memorable or engaging, but in order to really get money to get cars and unlock new specs you let the story lead you around Detroit, Chicago, New York and then Miami, and after about 13 hours in, I didn’t feel like I was really playing a racing game at all. Sure there are some races sprinkled in the story and they seem more like an afterthought as you spent most of your time trying to beat the clock in point to point missions to spy on your friend.By this point in the game I had done some exploring of all the content the game had to offer including police chasing me in my ’67 Shelby GT 500 (yes it is silver) running crates to get car parts to unlock a Bentley and make some cash. I had replayed some story mode races, I even tried some PVP, which was not a race like you might think but a game of capture the flag , or king of the hill , I wasn’t really sure. While wondering around Key West, longing for the game to feel more like a race game then a badly written police drama I stumbled upon a faction mission; A race from Miami to LA! The info about the mission said it would take 2.5 hours! Would it feel like a real race I wondered? I accepted it and off to LA I was in my Dirt Spec’d Ford Focus (in retrospect, not a car I wanted to spend 2 hours in).Fighting our way through Miami Traffic the race was on! And with really no clear indication of where I was headed other than north after about 20 minutes of racing I was in New York, I think. I didn’t really have time to scope out the landmarks while continually trading 1st and 2nd position with another Focus; however, even this fight for the lead didn’t really seem to matter, because in order to complete this mission you only have to place 3rd or better, and there was only 4 cars, you just couldn’t be last, which didn’t seem to be an issue, because the mini in last didn’t seem interested in holding any other position.Another 20 or so minuets and I was driving past Mt Rushmore. Not really sure I felt like I was racing at all, but just investing time into the game to get the 160,000 purse from finishing the mission.Turning south and driving through the South West badlands I was trying to come to terms with what this game really was, or find some justification for finishing this race, yet as I came upon the Grand Canyon and hit some seriously long stretches of dirt road I was having fun sliding my little focus around the corners trying to go as fast as I could. Heading north again, towards the Sierra Nevada Mountains I started to think, in spite of everything the game tries to offer it still does not feel like an actually racing game but rather a showcase of motorsport competitions, and tributes to various car movies, like the Fast and the Furious or gone in 60 seconds. Finally as I was blasting down the Pacific coast highway towards Malibu I released “The Crew” is actually a love letter to everything motorsport, unfortunately that letter is written in crayon and authored by Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,241560,28533218,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Riganz,"Its time for me to write my very first Review, and its going to be about The Crew.This, was a fun game with a lot of potential, but Team Ubi and Ivory Tower Turned it into... well, into what it is now,I've spent some hours on it, there are ppl with more hours than me but anyway,people might think that somebody with a lot of time spent on a game would obviously recommend itbut thing is, i saw it going down slowly... and the potential got wasted.First lets state the important and obvious details about this game:Not sure if i should list this as pros and cons, so i'll just list the good and bad about each feature:-Specs: This is of the main features of this game, i even dare to say its the core to the crew's gameplay, when i just played it, it was cool as you see when you pick your first vehicle, you can have every spec on that vehicle, That being, Street, Dirt, Perf, Raid and Circuit(drag, drift and Monster truck if you have WR Expansion but i'll get to that later), but as you progress in the game you start noticing that its only incomplete, while this is indeed a cool feature, its quite lacking, most of the vehicles in the game only come in Perf spec, wich is annoying, yeah, we get it, not anybody would turn a Lamborghini Aventador into a raid vehicle, but thats the fun part of a video game, do things you can't do in real life, So, as for the specs, i find it quite lacking, specially because some of my favorite vehicles only come in one spec...-Customization: When this game came out, there wasn't a lot of racing games with this option, So this was a nice adition to someone's library who is looking for a nice racing game with this feature, while its not perfect, its decent, but as i said, its not perfect, why? first, choosing the color, you have to choose from an already existing color list, if your favorite color is not there, you are screwed, the parts you can choose from, some are nice, but i wish they were better, you can't choose  your wheels color, customization parts are only for Street, Dirt, and Performance specs, Raid and Circuit, you can only change paint, decals and wheels, there are some elements on the customization menu that are actually empty and only makes you wonder why the heck are they there?? like the Fender one, That being said, Customization is there, it sorta do its part, but i just wish it was way better, like letting you blend your own paint, put the materials you wish on whatever part you wish, etc.-Graphics and optimization: The graphics are not top notch but for me, they were enough to say it looks good, specially after the visual overhaul they did, not much else to say. As for the optimization, it sucks, there are graphic glitches that are still there from the very beggining of the game,like the stuttering, doesn't matter how amazing or beefy its your computer, it will ALWAYS stutter and have fps drops randomly.-Gameplay: a lot of people find it bad, it feels stiff, clunky or whatever, as for me, its good, the controls are not that bad, the races andevents are good(but quite lacking...) the physics are quite odd but not odd enough to ruin the game, the best part of the gameplay? you have a really big world to play, the bad part of it? the devs were lazy enough to cover all that ground with all kind of events and racing tracks, instead, they added a game mode where players can create their own races, wich its not that bad, but not that good either, a poor excuse to cut work and let players do the devs work.So, overall, the gameplay its just Decent.-PvP: while i have'nt spend a lot of time on pvp, i can say that its only for those with very good conection, or else you will just get glitchy af races with oddly moving trafic, pvp its indeed one of the main features of the gameplay, and at first it was amazing, but with time less and less players were available to play with, it still have a good playerbase but still  feels a bit dead sometimes, cant really say much about pvp so i'll just leave it on NeutralAnd now comes the fun part: the dlcs-Wild Run: To me it was a nice addition with a lot of potential in the beggining, why? cuz it would keep new vehicles coming monthly to the game, so it was worth it a try, also, it came with new Specs, Drift, Drag and MT, new events, wich could get better with time, but actually didn't, at first, new vehicles were suposed to come montly, then, every 2 months, now, 3 months, wich sucks, each summit event its the same and the same, the yjust repeat it on different days, never updated it, and now, the just announced that they wont be rewarding new vehicles on the montly summit, they will just reward already existing vehicles, as for players who already have those, we have nothing else to do in the summit.The extreme specs are also lacking, why? only a few vehicles can have SOME of them, and most are badly designed, why? i'll just say this, you can't have a drag classic muscle car, and honestly, classic muscle cars are meant to be drag cars...Drift, can't really be done outside of the summit, you can play with drift spec, but no point to it, there are not a lot of drift events you can play multiplayer.MT, same as drift. Seriously, they didn't think about adding cool MT races on the mountains or smething?Overall, WR HAD a lot of potential, that got wasted over time, as of now, its just bad.-Calling all units: when they first announced this, it was a good addition to the game, when it came out, it was the typical McDonalds burger Meme, its not as good as they made it sound.The Story mode for CaU is there, pontless, but its there, the new character, Clara, sounds like unmotivated dubbing actress(or actor...) who only knows how to speak with sarcasm, the story misions are just boring and pointless.The Police SPec its completely lacking, only a very small slection of police vehicles its available, its not that hard to add every single spec available in this game into the police lineup, they just needed to add the paint job to the existing body kits and add some police lights... but that would mean work for the devs so screw it.Currently, there are only a few police players, mainly because not a lof of ppl bought the EP, wich i'd say it was wise.The crate events are quite boring without police players to chase you, and reward you vehicles that you can buy with ingame money, again if you have every vehcle, this is a pointless activity.Skills, are there, they do what they are suposed to do, but not a big addition to the game.The new vehicles are only a few, and also, made me angry about them, if u had complete edition or something similar before CaU release, you just got a Nissan GTR that anybody could get, and a Lambo Huracan that now EVERYONE can use, no longer require CaU, so, basically, you could wear a T-Shirt saying ""i gave the devs al ot of money and all i got was this♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;.So, in the end, why can't i recommed this game? in its current state, it feels lacking and incomplet, it gives the feeling that they just starting to not give a ""turd"" about this game anymore, so if they dont care, we should stop giving them money.TL;DR This game had potential, that they never developed at its fullest,now its just plain boring and feels like an incomplete game.This is not a definitive review, might change over time, but as of now, i dont suggest to buy this game, get it if its on sale, like 50% off or something, its not worth its price, don't buy half game for a full game price..."
,Recommended,241560,11932797,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,darth.rodolfo,"i LOVE IT.Reminds me the time i played good street racing games, like:NFS Underground 1 and 2And the all great MIDNIGHT CLUB 3 DUB EDITIONNow after all these years of any good game in terms of street racing and tunning.The crew came! it`s already on my list of favorite racing games.Love the Maps, the graphics, the trips, the speed sensation, the tunning on visual and performance.I see just the content on the BETA and already LOVE IT! I already pre-orded it, waiting for the release!!"
76561198145405147,Not Recommended,241560,13282708,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,NickVonGreek,"Dont buy it. Dont make the mistake i made.-Cars handle like driving on soap with no difference between fourwheel, rearwheel or frontwheel. It literally makes no difference. I did a burnout with the rear wheels in a Ford Focus.-No character development. It tries really hard to sell you a dramatic tone but doesnt even touches on bonding with the npcs. Every mission feels like a chore with dull dialog, repetitive gameplay and all around cliche premises.Simply the worst, most overhyped piece of garbage I have ever laid hands on.P.S.  Dont even try to use a steering wheel with this.... Makes it basically unplayable.I feel ripped off"
,Not Recommended,241560,30418532,Posted: 9 March,all,Baxstar,"Graphics: 8/10, and pretty well optimized.Everyone seems to be complaining about the handling, which I thought to be pretty okay, though I have next to no experience with racing/car games, so I can't say much.Was fun until I realized that much of the online content, tuners, vehicles, races, events, and just about every other aspect must be unlocked with DLC, which is shoved down your throat at every possible moment. Why show events on the map that players can't participate in?Overall: a nice, cool, 3/10."
76561197997648371,Not Recommended,241560,19310606,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jimmy288,Whats the point of playing the game when every 5 minutes I get an add in my face telling me to buy the DLC. This makes the game hardly enjoyable. Just as bad as the free games on an Iphone.
76561198039505232,Not Recommended,241560,19155169,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Timothy Green,"This is horse aids. Bought the ""season pass"" expecting a Season pass. here i got this thing that gave me nothing. Finally something Hype is coming out. Does the season pass give me this... of course not Ubgo♥♥♥♥yourself"
,Recommended,241560,23742893,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zekken,"I enjoy this game immensly, its a great game. great graphics, great fun to just drive around and explore.HOWEVER, I bought the gold edition when it came out, which included the season pass. but DIDN'T include the Wild Run DLC. which, frankly, is stupid. almost ALL new actual content, that would keep me playing the game for things other than just driving around, is in Wild Run.Dropping more money into a game to get something that should of come with the season pass is just discusting business practice. though, we all know how much to expect from ubisoft.however, don't let that prevent you from enjoying what is, actually, a really good game. I still manage to have hours of fun in it, literally just driving around exploring the absolutely MASSIVE map. even after I think I've driven around the whole thing, I have still missed spots. And you get a few good hours out of the story, so what I did buy was worth it, even without wild run.I would buy Wild Run if you were getting it now though, because thats where all the stuff to do is.EDIT: One other thing I would like to add, This game is what? 2+ years old now? its still getting regular updates, which is actually seriously good, especially for something by Ubisoft."
,Recommended,241560,23495705,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Kyruss,"Just don't go in expecting a ton from this game and it's ok. The story makes no sense and the characters talk WAY too much but just driving around with friends is pretty fun. I got the game on sale, I'd never pay full price for this."
,Recommended,241560,14013967,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Carrythxd,"Well, as I had been waiting for this ever since it was announced, I obviously bought the Gold Edition of the game. Just because the game was looking really interesting and something that I could spend hours on, just by looking at the videos, screenshots, etc of the game.I took my time with the story, I didn't want to rush it, just because there was so much other stuff to do around the world (exploring, skill challenges, side missions and so on) but eventually, when I completed the story, I pretty much stopped playing the game. I had already seen pretty much everything the game had to offer, the missions and everything just kinda became repetive. Of course the exploration part was still there in the game, as the map is massive so it's going to take a good while to explore the whole map, but as much I did enjoy driving around in the game, I just couldn't find the interest in exploring the whole map.Here's a list of the pros and cons in the game, and then in the end of the review, a small summary.Pros- Decent graphics- 5 different specs available for vehicles in the game (Not every car has all of the specs, though)- Big map- Interesting story- Decently made cars- Good amount of music in the game- Good performance- Amazingly detailed interiors in vehicles- Ingame awards- PVP events- Decent handling (A lot of people have said that the handling is bad, but in my opinion, it's pretty decent)- Good car customization options- There could be more customization options in the game, but the ones that are in the game work just fine when customizing a vehicleCons:- Short story (Even though it was interesting, it still was short)- Crew Credits (You don't need to buy these (with real money) in order to progress quicker in the game, but they do help you a lot if you want to buy that Lamborghini quickly and not spend a few hours farming money to get it)- Crash cutscenes are horrible- The AI- Opponent AI is impossible, when your car level is 1299 and their car level is 299, they still catch up to you in a second and are always right behind you- Traffic AI can be pretty buggy sometimes- uPlay- I would be so much happier if they could just ditch uPlay and move it to Steam. Probably one of the biggest problems that I have with uPlay is that when I open the ingame overlay, it freezes the gameOverall, I have to recommend the game. Even though it has a lot of bad things in it, it's still a pretty damn good game for people who enjoy games like this. I had a lot of fun playing the game, even with the problems it had.So, should you buy this game?Yes, if.. You enjoy games like Test Drive Unlimited 2 or Driver San Francisco and you want to spend that 50€-75€ (depending on if you buy the Gold Edition or the Stock Edition + Season Pass or just the Stock Edition) on the game, but I'd recommend buying this when it's on a sale rather than paying the full price for it.No, if.. You're into realistic racing simulators, this is not one of them.EDIT: Review updated since a lot of cons have been fixed."
76561198168318992,Recommended,241560,23207816,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,venialowl,This game is great if you want to explore a massive and detailed open world. I would say the map is about 5 times as large as gta 5's and is about a dense but there are no interactions with pedestrians and you are restricted to just your car.  Don't expect too much but overall the game is fun and if you like exploration you could easily sink 50 or so hours into it.
76561198085792193,Recommended,241560,26150718,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,numan4634,"I will recommend this game but read carefully!As always, i read most helpful not recommended reviews and i will try to sum them up here.My opinion: Huge map is tolerating all the cons of this game. I am just happy about crusing around.Cons:Server issues happens sometime and game does not start at allThe wild run expansion changes the game a little bit even you do not have it, but when you see an event and try to enter, message says you have to install wild run. This is ridicuolus.The concept is wonderful. having a crew to compete against others is what makes racing fun. But there is not much reason to look for players on the map because most online players are busy with PVP events. And the story is not urging you to play as a group. Good concept, bad execution.PVP events (online races) are open to everyone and if you have not completed most of the game you will most probably be beaten to smoke. Cuz you will not have platinum parts from skills on the map and therefore other players with platinum parts will be flying away from you. This could be understandable, if there were a proper match making algorithm.Physics are not realistic, mostly like an arcade game.There are weird glitches like flying to the moon all of a sudden.And i do not see any other flaws in the game. Here are the pros:The map is huge and the visuals are aweome. (Some optimizations could be better)The soundtrack in missions are awesome but they do not play in freeroam. You have to listen to radio in freeroam. Radio contains classical music, ambient music, rap, rock, electornic... A wide range.Story is easy because most of the time, you are given a car to ride. so you do not have to have an expensive car in your pocket all the time. And when you need one, there are like a hundred of different skill actions which gives you new parts.Physics are weird for a racing game but just right for an open world game. This is not a simulation. Remember Need for Speed Most Wanted from 2006. The physics reminds me of that game, and it was too an amazing game.5 different camera angels are all yours to select. Some games has only 2.Cars are divided into multiple types. So you can go off road with a dirt car or completely out into the wild with a raid car. You can have a hypercar (performance car) to travel in light speed. I actually do not understand the Street cars :D Circuit cars are ideal for point to point agile drivng. How much more diversity do you want?There is a faction system, which is kind of a mafia wars over the whole map, but it does not much mean to belong to one faction. This is a good idea but no one cares about it.There are faction races to increase your factions reputation. These races can be less than 10 mins or longer than an hour. There are two particular races, one is like 3.5 hours long dirt race and the other is a 2 hours long performance race. BTW, this was my childhood dream. An hours long race which does not involve looping the same track.So if you do not mind some server issues, sloppy physics, out of the concept gameplay and some glitches, this game is a great openworld racing game."
,Not Recommended,241560,13199572,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,GproKaru,"This was one of the games I was looking foward to this year. But it does so little in the areas where it matters most that it falls short of where other existing games pass with flying colors.Sure I love the visuals of the game and it plays decently well, but the focus of the game is cars and... There's quite a lack of focus in general on them. From what I can see, there's only 40 cars that you can get from dealerships yet this game has one problem that a lot of these style of games have. They tend to favour one or two manufacturers over the rest and that leaves the variety pretty thin, especially when you only have 40 cars and around 1/7th of them are Fords.Another thing is customization. If you wanted to make awesome murals or just a silly paintjob for your ride, I got two words for you, ""You can't"". The customization feels like it came right from need for speed most wanted (2005) but with even less content then you would even think of. I can't even change the color of my Dodge Viper since there's only 1 color for it and it's terrible.That's another thing. Everytime I get a racing game, I make it a personal objective to get a Dodge Viper because who doesn't strive to earn their favorite car? But I practically started off with it. You can't buy it but instead, use Uplay award points to buy it and then BAM! Instant car... I already feel like I have nothing to work towards in the game now and I only just started it...In comparison to Test Drive Unlimited 2. This game has much greater visuals and world design and also doesn't have those annoying houses that make it take forever to manage your cars. But lacks in everywhere else like car selection veriaty, customization and pay to win mechanics. Yes, this game has paid for currency in it which you can use to buy skill points that give passive benefits to your stats or immediate access to any car."
,Not Recommended,241560,28086442,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DPZ34,"There will be no objectivity in this review, just my opinion on THIS stuff.First question for now is ""what the hell?""I preordered this game in 2014 with season pass, I was waiting for it, it was something new to me, just whoah, look, you can drive through all the USA(okay, almost all). After release I played about 60 hrs and then gave up, because I bought and upgraded all the cars I wanted to 1299, after this it was nothing to do anymore. Between this time and WR release I entered The Crew couple of times just to check new cars(imho there are not so good to buy season pass).Wild Run. Okay, when I was watching all these trailers, reading news I thought ""okay, this can be really interesting"", but after WR release I understood, that all my thoughts were... wrong. Three new useless types of cars? Really, anyone used them anywhere except summit challenges? I haven't ever seen someone was driving through on drift or dragster or monster truck. I played in WR, participated in summit, even won something but I was still asking myself: ""really, i paid for this??"" Maybe I didn't know about some features?Calling All Units. I thought I won't have to pay for it *sigh* And I will NOT buy this, because it's just stupid. I preordered The Crew+SP, bought WR and now I need to buy CAU. And also I'm offered to buy Ultimate version which is much cheaper than buying The Crew+SP, then WR and then CAU. Nice job, well done, good game :/ Okay, we got it. But it's not all. Where's my lambo Huracan? I can't see her in my garage. Is it so hard just to add one car to ""veteran"" players? And why the hell I can be arrested when cop is driving near me with the same speed? Some guy arrested me on 200+ km/h... Just what? It's not funny, even if you are a cop.So, we got(imho) useless Season Pass, useless WIld Run and Calling All Units, not useless, but though I'm not sure after what happened. I am very dissapointed. The Crew had great potential, but Ivory Tower(or maybe its Ubi fault, don't know) think in another way. Yes, it was fun to travel around the USA, but without these DLCs game feels incomplete. That's not the way how it should work.P.S. optimization on PC isn't good at all too."
,Not Recommended,241560,19152650,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,zyco,"Wild run came out, i had season pass, i was like ""yes, i'll play the wild run"" enters game, plays turtorial, im like ""yay more turtorials"" done with turtorial, game says ""ahahah did u realy think that u were getting this with ur season pass, eyyy lmao, u need to spend more maniiiies to get this♥♥♥♥♥♥bruhhh"" now im like ""hype lvl less than 1 bruhhh, i ain't spendin another penny on this trash, when i get my dlc's i'll write a good review"" sorry ubisoft but this is kinda true don't you aggre?"
,Recommended,241560,14567475,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Archon,"Class based cars, online open world, annoying takedown quests, some car crash mechanic problems, story is meh but hey it is so fun.Personel score ............... 7/10 (definitely better than nfs rivals)"
,Not Recommended,241560,34384447,Posted: 20 August,all,Ramsee,"As of right now I have almost 203 hours of gameplay. When I first got it I enjoyed every bit of the game. It was fun, I earned money through the campaign very quickly, but then the campaign ended. I beat the game in around 100 hours. It took me so long because I would drive to every mission and I enjoyed driving coast to coast alot. I am generally upset about the fact that there is no possible way to restart your game save. I contacted Uplay and talked to them about the issue and even asked if they could just wipe my uplay account and start it from scratch considering I do not have any DLC's. They said they did not have the ability to do so. Here are my pro's and cons.Pros:1. Huge map2. Good graphics3. Enjoyable gameplayCons:1. Campaign was a let down. The ending threw me off and I was fairly unhappy.2. Terrible NPC AI. That being racers and police or street traffic.3. Lack of performance modifications. If you come into the game thinking you can upgrade parts like in need for speed then you are wrong. While the visual mods are nice and can add charactor to a vehicle you dont have the same luxury when moding the performance. I have spent several hours grinding for parts to upgrade my vehicles performance through challenges. (Tip: Salt flats are your best friend for grinding)4. Not gaming wheel friendly. While yes you can hook up a G27 for example but the force feed back is a nightmare. Found myself playing 99% of the time with force feedback off.5. Lack of money earning after campaign. Yes if you fork over the money to get the DLC's you will have more missions. But without the DLC's you will find that you can't earn money without doing factions mission, etc.6. Way overpriced vehicles. This brings me to part of the number 5 issue. After the campaign you can't make money easily. If you want to get a new vehicle that is relativly quick or a classic your going to have to fork over 100k+ in game. The quickest way to get this kind of money in game is doing faction missions. There are a few races that will give you around 130k but they take 1 - 4 hours to complete.7. Missions are so repetitive that it's almost hard to play.8. I time playthrough, No restarting campaign.I'm sure you get the point. Without DLC's the game ends for the player relativly quick and is no longer fun. If you have a couple buddies that are interested in getting the game then I would recomend getting it. But on your own it gets very boring very quick.I give the game a 5/10"
,Recommended,241560,32821779,Posted: 26 June,all,AkY Deluxe,"Dont get this game for full price, it has expensive DLC's which will drain the money out of your pocket.That being said, getting this game as a sale its actually really enjoyable. I simply love driving around through the US and explore the landscape. The driving feeling is pretty good, could be better tho but in general for like 10 euros its a lot of content you get, even without DLC's.It also has some nice stickers and tuning features but if you look for a full tuning game like changing your entire car upside down, you are wrong here."
,Recommended,241560,16510739,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Vinzenz,"Driving and diving / Ecco the GolfinI've grown to loveThe Crew.I play it like an underwater diving game, only on land. Turn on the soapy ingame ambient radio. Dial down the engine sounds. Switch off the player tag cloud that shows which people are nearby. Mark a place on the map I want to go to.And then it's just peaceful gliding through landscapes of varying quality. Some are blander than others, sometimes the trees look like big matches stuck in the ground.I mostly enjoy the different kitschy light situations. Sunrise, sundown,The Crew'ssun always finds new ways to surprise me and to colour everything in different ways.The MMO part, or let's say, the social component, seems like a total failure to me. I never saw anybody use the chat, unlike inTDU2, where people would often park their cars somewhere and have little group conversations that made it clear there were actual people in these cars. The only human contact I had during my 30 hours withThe Crewwas players trying to ram me into oblivion.Maybe it's my fault, but whilstTDU2wasThe Simson wheels,The Crewseems to attract a crowd that's more into, well, driving, not chatting. That's okay, I guess.I enjoy driving. I wish more of my friends on Steam would take the plunge, but then again, driving around together could be very boring, I don't know? I suppose one has to be a proper bore to find diving-driving interesting.I playThe Crewto relax and the game is successful at that."
,Recommended,241560,22896011,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Seralt,"-Buy it on sale, its story is acceptable for online game, you can finish the game in less than 12 hours.-Free Roam is just great. You can drive your car for hours discovering the whole map.-After finishing the game, there is not so much to do. But if you own DLCs, you can participate in a couple of Events.-PvP is not for hardcore racers, but it is enjoyable.-You can enjoy the first 20 hours of this game without DLCs, after that it gets a bit boring. It's like something is missing if you do not own DLCs.-You can't create a new driver, or start the story all over again, that sucks.-If you're about to buy this game and play solo, then don't."
76561198005173597,Recommended,241560,15139963,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Oracle,"If you like cars:Get the game.If you like open world racing:Get the game.If you like customizing cars:Get the game.If you like exploring:Get the game.If you like car games with a huge variety of cars to choose from and modify them according to your needs (dirt, ashpalt, circuit racing, purely performace, street racing etc without paying any extra money in game):Get the game.If you're a huge car nut:Get the game.if you like long distance travelling:Get the game.If you like a game with spectacular graphics and in-game beauty:Get the game.If you are a dude with 2 balls:Get the game.If you are reading this:Get the game.If you are a bad ♥♥♥ motherf***:Get the game.If I wrote ""Get the game"" over 10 times:Get the game.If you are about to leave this post right now:You should be getting the game.If you picked up on my spelling errors:Get the game.if you didn't pick up on my spelling errors:Get the game.If you're looking now to try and find the spelling errors that you were not aware of:Get the game.else:None of the above applies to you and you probably shouldn't get it."
,Recommended,241560,19364816,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,pwein,"Everyone complains about the season pass not including the Wild Run DLC,ok it's true it's a robbery! but what is fair in life?That doesn't mean that the game itself isn't good,for me,atleast it's the best racing game i've plaied in a while! (since tdu 2 launched in 2011).I had bought this game on a sale a few days ago,plaied almost 30 hours straight and from the experience i got in the game i can assure you about the next things:1.No crashes(i don't know if u have crashes,your PC is the problem)2.No bugs,i haven't fell trough map not even once,neither glitched into a wall or something3.There are still pretty many people online out there...i tought it would be worse4.No one talks about the free graphic ,,DLC"" wich ubisoft gave us for free! i have had only plaied this game when it was on beta in the summer of 2014 and i saw a lot of improvements,not to mention how awesome the car responds at all the commands.With that being,said i hope you enjoied my review and that i have opened your eyes about this game a bit and that maybe you will buy it and we'll play togather ! :D (sorry for wrong spelled words,i'm not native english)"
,Not Recommended,241560,13270939,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,VRipper,"If you are looking for a solid multiplayer experience with your friends, do not buy this game. At the moment, the multiplayer aspect of the game barely works, and ironically, forming a crew with your friends is nigh on impossible. The singleplayer is solid enough, though gathering enough cash to buy new cars is a bit tedious.Edit: As of now, the multiplayer does seem functional enough for me to edit this review. While I cannot speak for the crew aspect (since none of my friends are interested in reinstalling the game so I can test it), PvP does seem to work fairly well for the moment. However, I was disappointed in the lack of variety in some PvP races; most notably in the Perf spec races. There is only one viable car to race with, the LaFerrari, forget trying to race with anything else because you will with most certainty lose.In the Street spec the Skyline is heavily favored, though it hardly matters what car you pick since most are fairly competitive. Sadly it is a spec that people rarely want to race with.As for Dirt spec races the Skyline is again favored by most players, though a skilled player should be able to stay with the pack in pretty much any car, granted it has all platinum parts installed.Raid is my favorite spec, but only because most cars in that class appear to be relatively balanced. What car you choose to race with appears to matter the least in this specific spec. As long as the car you choose has all platinum parts, you should be just fine with pretty much anything.And finally we come to the Circuit spec, and here the car does matter. From what I have seen you have three options in this spec. The Circuit Hotrod, the DLC Cadillac Escalade (I wish that was a joke) and finally the Alfa Romeo Competizione. The Hotrod is free, so that is what I recommend you get.When in a PvP lobby, expect to play a lot of Circuit and Perf spec races since these appear to be the most popular. And maybe once in a blue moon, you'll get to play a Street spec race."
,Recommended,241560,33860303,Posted: 28 July,all,Chop1543 ツ,"I love this game, graphics are incredible, map is huge, many cars, hard to get money, i like missions, but i mostly play freeroam because The Crew has huge map, and it has so many places to visit. It's similar to Test Drive Unlimited 2 or Need For speed but the crew is better than them. Car physics are 7/10 just normal but a bit too easy. But its fun especially in Multiplayer. I recommend this game 10/10 to everyone and the price for it is normal for the game itself. 29.99euro, i wanted to refund it but when i started to play it more i just keept lovin' it."
,Recommended,241560,13298153,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Rhomen,"I was surprised at some of the car choices they had available, and then some of the cars they left out, but overall, this is truely a petrol head's MMO. I suspect they will be releasing DLC for more cars, considering they left out anything from Hennesy, Ferrari, Maserati, Bugatti and some legendary classics such as the Lambo Contach and Diablo.The late and great Mr. Shelby is represented well as his last creation is probably one of the meanest cars available for it's specialization.There's is a little something for every type of racer, Rally(Dirt), Street, Circuit(Traditional Races), Baja(Raid), then your borderline street legals (Perf). And all customizable according to the cars specs.Cars range from the 67 Mustangs, 69 Camaros and 70's Chargers to your top end cars like Pagani, Lamborghini, Luxury Sports such as the Mercedes SLS AMGs and BMW M series even the Bentley S along with a little everything in between.The driving simulation leaves a little to be desired, but with so much to do in the game you will barely notice it.The Downfall to this game... Ford Explorers. They are everywhere and ready to screw you over on the turns that matter, the skills that you need gold or plat completion on for that car part you need, or in general they're just brake checking you while you're going 300 miles in your Dodge Viper SRT 10 fit for circuit racing and when you adjust to avoid, they'll be sure to change lanes into oncomming traffic so you rear end them. Also, the game unnaturally pulls you from your direction of travel at times and you need to compensate for that, which can mean over compensation and ruining your run. Public enemy #1 is still those damn Explorers.Overall 9/10"
,Not Recommended,241560,19142725,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,VictorCrispim,"Thank God I did not buy the season pass, not worth paying that money."
76561198084357773,Recommended,241560,32271856,Posted: 8 June,all,Kroulex,I do recomend it if you want a open-world game to just drive around and have a godd time.
76561198242332438,Not Recommended,241560,19227331,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Extravagant Raccoon,I have one problem with this game..... I can't play it. I bought it... but then it doesnt load. If it worked I would recommend this game...
,Not Recommended,241560,13974090,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Spuki,This game keeps ♥♥♥♥ing with me every single ♥♥♥♥ing day. The Cars are lagging and i keep disconnecting right after if finished a ♥♥♥♥ing race. I really wanna play this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it breaks my heart every ♥♥♥♥ing day. Please. Update this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,241560,19141124,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,[RU]Sinler,Season Pass.Thank you.
76561198114427561,Not Recommended,241560,19164910,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,flizza13,Pros:MMOOpen worldUpgrade system easy to useGood car variationCons:Story shortNo real depth in charactersGame constanly crashes (ubiSHIT)U-play
,Recommended,241560,13258800,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Skycave1,"When I was racing, a school bus flew infront of me and made we fly off the road.When that happened the A.I said ""You just got schooled""  And I lost the race11/10 would get schooled again"
,Recommended,241560,13226324,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,FEGISEN,"Awesome open world racing car game, if you are familiar with Test Drive Unlimited series and like that one you will not be dissapointed, better graphics, bigger world customziable cars and more.Pros:Huge World (USA).Customizable Cars.Good Graphics.Many side missions.Many different car specs (Dirt/speed/sport) etc.Cons:Uplay</3.Need more cars.You can buy ingame currency for real money so you can buy car parts/cars.Kinda bad car crash physix.9/10"
,Recommended,241560,30796532,Posted: 28 March,all,tempdot O.o,"As a causal driver not a big racing game fan, the Crew suits me well.The game engine seems not advanced, even a little bit outdated at your first look, but I'm just in love with this good old classic atmosphere, because the view, the building, the land describing are actually realistic. Beside, the CREW dev TEAM have made a big improvement on this game after the wild run and the call all units pack, the game's view is really getting better and better like the lighting, now there are huge differences compares to the original release version, which really seems dark and dull, but now I feel like it could catch up with the Horizon 3, which I don't feel like to play anymore, because the CREW has better atmosphere for casual drive.I really recommend you guys try to run it in 1440P,32 inch screen, you will feel much MUCH immersed and much detailed than in 1080P. For 1440P you just need a RX480 4G and a desktop i5 CPU, you will get 60fps at high settings most of the time. If have connecting issue, a VPN is recommended.This game is quite unique, you cant find any other game that cover the whole america. I could drive or wonder as far as I like, just to see the view, feeling relaxed. Once I all most cry in the the snow-covered mountain land cause the view is so breath-taking.At last I really hope Ubisoft can make a Chinese Version like those newly released Ubisoft games, excellent game like this should be known and enjoyed by more people."
76561198048916054,Not Recommended,241560,28213763,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,"A man, a city, and a lighthouse","I'm 50/50 on this game. Its not bad, but its not great. The story is boring, the characters have no development and once you're done with the story you're just in freemode with not a whole lot to do. With this calling all units dlc, it gets really annoying to play. You have zoe every three minutes or so say 'Dont forget to check out the shop, you have a FREE car waiting.' The thing with the free car is in order to get it you have to buy the dlc. So if you dont have the dlc then you're stuck with zoe saying the same thing over and over again. Almost forgot to mention that when I opened up the game, it said something like 'Congrats you have unlocked the Nissan GTR, in order to drive it you have to buy the dlc' Yeah well ♥♥♥♥ you people. Dont say I unlocked something when I didnt."
76561198242711530,Not Recommended,241560,33917444,Posted: 30 July,all,✪ CJking,Could be better if they could fix multiplayer connection issues and creating a crew issues
,Recommended,241560,14919138,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,El Risitas,"So, The Crew:Basically they took the idea of NFS Rivals and improved it, added a storyline, and optimized it better. The idea is that the game is always online. Any time you play it you will be able to see other people and even CO-OP with them.So is it better than NFS Rivals? Two words: Hell yes! It is better optimized for the PC, more customzation, and it has an actual story line.Some people are complaining that the map is not big enough. Well think about it - Fitting thousnds of miles/kilometers of roads and hundreds of cities into a game is pretty damn hard. Not to mention that if they did so, you'll probably get a game that will weigh over 100 GB's, and probably won't run on most PC's. So they took the best of what there is, and put it in the game.My only complain is that the game lacks some cars, for exmaple: Subaru Impreza WRX STI, or Toyota Supra. I expected to have those cars in a street racing game. I truely hope they add these cars sometime.And another thing, and this is aimed towards people, not the game itself: You complain about unrealistic physics in an ARCADE RACING game?! Are you serious?! An Arcade Racing game is supposed to have unrealstic physics.If you're looking for sims: Go for something like Assetto Corsa. Because this is not a Sim. This is an ARCADE RACING game."
,Recommended,241560,27695314,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ohmdevilz,Driving around USA in this game is a perfect road trip.
76561197984770480,Not Recommended,241560,19226080,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Keisuki,"I purchased this game because it seemed to be just what I was after, However the game fails to launch and was still running up the timer for the 2hr refund window.Please take care, if uPlay is opened by Steam, and the product fails to start, any time will be clocked as ""Played"" and count towards the 2hr window.I may consider repurchasing again later, however the Wild Run DLC appears to have some problems atm the momentClarification point: My experience was shortly after the Wild Run DLC launched, after I purchased the ""Wild Run Edition"""
,Not Recommended,241560,13682507,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mafro,"Keep in mind: I rarely, very rarely, ever dislike a game. I don't even think bad rats is that bad, even with all of it's weird 2d-but-with-z-axis-inconsistent-physics. All I wanted was an open world racing game, much like Burnout Paradise. I can't even fathom why they published this.• The ground is made of ice• The cars are made of styrofoam• Every little bit of audio is muffled• Hitting anything or even trying to turn the car slightly turns you into a ♥♥♥♥ing tornado• Cars going in a straight line is physically impossible• You'll spend half of your play time fiddling with the handling options• Cars act as though they just have one, gyroscopical wheel in the center, instead of one regular wheel on all four corners• The pedestrians, which serve no purpose to begin with, are made out of wax, and teleport out of the way• Instead of crashes tearing your car apart, particles that could make up an entire other car are emited out of thin air• The people online are either five-year-old-glue-sniffers, or they see no reason to play this game other than to ram into the front of my car while I'm in the options menu. If it's the latter, I don't blame themIt's like this is a college student's game design thesis made in unity. I paid $50 for this ON SALE from giftcards, selling trading cards, and going through the headache that is Paypal to Steam. I could have spent that money on getting 10 really good games that I would have never played. Most of Ubisoft's games get flack for being unoptimised, yet I still enjoy it. This is the complete opposite: It's fairly optimised, but my god do I cringe when trying to even remotely enjoy it.I'll probably still play through this just because of how much I spent on it. Even Supra Mayro Kratt controls betterhttp://www.kongregate.com/games/ericthecooldude/supra-mayro-kratt"
,Recommended,241560,24090692,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Saigofu,"Dunno why people dislike this game, its so addicting. For me, its way better than Need for Speed.Im gonna keep playing with my friend, cya :P"
,Not Recommended,241560,19132512,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Quarter,"This game makes Big Rigs:  Over the Road racing look like a work of genius.AT LEAST THAT GAME DOESN'T COST ANYTHING AND RIP YOU THE HELL OFF.If you want to feel like ending it, just play this game.  It will make you re-consider life and you'll want to blow your brains out.Edit:  Now it doesn't work altogether.  GREAT.Edit2:  NOW YOU HAVE TO BUY MORE DLC DESPITE HAVING THE SEASON PASS"
,Recommended,241560,26638625,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,loooogik,"Underrated, great customization, meaningful expansion packs.Quite a nice story mode and working multiplayer.Many nice gameplay mechanics.10/10.EDIT: The soundtrack and graphics tho...on point fam"
,Recommended,241560,11958836,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,BooLv,"In General The Crew is a baby of Test Drive and Driver : San Francisco with a little touch of NFS seriesThe game have all the Digital Petrol Head wants fast cars stunning views and twisty mountain roads and ofc. Bonneville flats, the game world feels crowded and alive from bison packs running across the roads wolfs and bears lurking in the woods. One of the strong points of the game is the freedom and open world saw something interesting at the horizon you actually can go there. you can drive there on the road in you Street spec car or switch to something off rowdy and go in straight line trough woods and over the mountains.Every car got its own feel to it they all handle differently, from straight line muscles to agile japan tuner cars, and the crew brigs it back you love a car A here take it drive it, your car A is short on power and cant outrun a faster cars here put some power in it, oh you don't like the stock looks no problem in that compartment either.Not like allot of other driving series oh you Hate car X! Here drive it!!!! , Oh you love your car A sure drive it but only until you progress and then you will have to drive car X!game puts decision back in gamer hands i love car A i drive it, not like the other games you have to drive cars XYZthe Handling model cant say is brilliant but its fun, its somewhere in between arcade and simulator.From me Game gets solid 8,4/10 but its score for the beta. But definitely see you on the road."
,Recommended,241560,16086257,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,kyckling,"The Crew, was a game i waited for since the development started, i love car games, car customization, and i love open world. The crew has all of them.Need For Speed Underground 2 & Most wanted 2005, started my ""liking"" for car games. I loved customizing a car, making it my own. I love drifting, and i love having no limits. The only thing that is negative in the crew is the money situation.Overall, The Crew is a fun game for car enthusiasts. If you dont like cars, i cant make the choice for you, but i still do recommend it :3"
,Recommended,241560,22877430,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,EternalSmiley,"I bought this game on release (no pre-order) and played it for a week and had to stop because my laptop couldn't handle the detail in the game. It let me play it but fps would drop frequently. Fast foward to 2016 and a used gaming pc running GTX 550I and i got NO ISSUES with the game.Ever since I began playing it on a desktop computer with a real graphics card i haven't had time to play anything else let alone watch some anime. Ended up completing the campeign within 2 weeks durring my free time and i must say i love it! I even bought a xbox one controller with usb cord to play the game--and it plays superb with the controller. The wheel has mixed reviews but its not for everyone, i know that sometime this year i will for sure buy a wheel/peddle combo for this game.The custimization of the cars is handled well withe the fact that when you make it to level 50, you gain the opportunity to earn more custimzation such as more front bumpers or more rims.PVP is fun as well however if one player has bad internet connection it will interupt the game for a few seconds only as the match reconnects everyone.I do not ( i have googlefiber) so I always hope that whenever i enter pvp lobby that everyone has decent internet.Now that my storyline is done i had a day where i wasn't sure what to do but then i remembered the wild run expansion and the endless possiblities (until this time i had focused on campeign) and now im pumped again!The updated graphics were a must for the game and now that they have done that  i do say all the landscape looks amazing! I'm getting the Wild run expansion and i can't wait to drive a monster trick up the side of a mountain or thru las vegas :PEver since i finished the campeign i have been planning on what story to write as i continue to play 'The Crew'. Whatever story i choose to write and drive thru i will sure as hell have hours upon hours of fun!Who knows maybe if i end up driving and writing the story i might publish it as a fanfic :P but thats months away i bet!Conclusion:The crew was good at release but since the Wild Run Expansion and upgradted graphics mainly, it has gotten far better than I could have imagined. Granted there are still some hiccups such as the pvp lobby intrupting gameplay (pausing it for 5 seconds) if a player has pretty bad internet connection. Otherwise they have worked hard on improving the game since release. An Xbox One Controller works great with the game and i can't imagine myself playing it on a keybored ever again! (unless i didn't have access to a controller!)Even though on steam this game has alot of mixed reviews i hope we as a gaming community can give this game the support it could use to really inspire the developers to greater hights with this game. The potential of it is without limits. Let's hope they never stop adding to this wonderful game.oh yeah, and its fun!"
,Not Recommended,241560,14329115,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,sosa,"Can't actually ""Crew"" up with anyone. My ports are more forwarded than ever tho. 10/10"
,Recommended,241560,13232546,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,D O N N Y Xans,"Not the best racing game out there, not the worst, But most def the best MMO racer !!!Pros:- Cutscene graphics are kill- Bonerlicious cars right from the start (Chevy & Mustang etc.)- Nice to see other real players around the city- Many handling settings like Assists and Manual Gear (+ Cockpit view)- USA SimulatorCons:- Uplay- Ugly♥♥♥♥♥vegetation, also other minor stuff. General map looks gorgeous though- Uplay- No player customization ( I wanna be a man, not a ♥♥♥♥ing hipster with a bum's beard and fake glasses)- Uplay- Nitro? Really?8/10"
,Recommended,241560,30412361,Posted: 9 March,all,FURYY,"Very nice game and i am into street racing games and open world games, It has a huge map and the graphics are amazing, cutscenes are well-madeDONT FORGET TO GET YOUR FREE POLICE CARas long as u pay 30 dollars for the DLC..."
76561197978581704,Recommended,241560,22602707,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Joel,"It's fun, and that's what I wanted it to be.Free roam is enjoyable, you can spend a lot of time roaming.Wild Run isn't required to enjoy the game."
76561197985023524,Not Recommended,241560,13217983,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,FaTaL,"Idea was quite exciting until I play the game for the frst time. The looks checks out, the story and the mission/car development structure has potential, but game physics & mechanics are so poor, I almost felt like I'm playing test drive 25 years ago.Unfortunate they didn't nail the driving experience, because without it, a racing game (no matter even if it's an mmo) does not worth to be played."
,Recommended,241560,19285662,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Gu,"Surprisingly a good racing game from Ubi.+HUGE AMOUNT OF CUSTOMIZATION+Decent amount of vehicles.+Smooth controls+Clever car upgrades, boost+Challenging events+HUGE AMOUNT OF CUSTOMIZATION+Vehicle and HUD interacts with environment giving fantastic effect.+Very huge map.+Decent story campaign.+HUGE AMOUNT OF CUSTOMIZATION-Graphics is good but it's no where near the graphics of recent NFS series.-Bikes and some vehicles are locked behind Wild Run Expansion"
,Recommended,241560,13401811,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,LombaXShade,"The Crew for me its One Really Amazing and Beautiful Open World Racing games there is.Some People say its Same as Test Drive Unlimited and Need for Speed in some cases and They were Absolutly Right!.This Game does Same as Both of them. for Example:The Crew+Test Drive Unlimited=Open World,Free Roam,Racing in Style,Beautiful Views and more,and ofcourse The CookPit View.The Crew+Need For Speed=Street Racing Style,Auto Nitros,You can knock other racers and even Find Shortcuts for your Advantage.In some other Words:This Game is The best Racing Game Ever Made Same as Test Drive Unlimited and Need for Speed Series.Rating:10/10"
,Recommended,241560,26717486,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Dr. Evil,"This game is targeted for those who...- Who enjoy racing/driving but don't want any of the realistic characteristics involved.- Constantly grind your way to leveling your car up but offers 5-10% difference at best.- A story that makes street racers sound like they've only got a single digit IQ.- Spend alot of time, get little in return, get even less in the long run.- Constantly being enticed with microtranscations that will eat your wallet.. & then your soul.Enjoy."
76561197968304652,Not Recommended,241560,26626682,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Zp,"Can not recommend this game to any new players at all. There are so many issues, bugs and crash problems with this game that Ubisoft has acknowledged and refuses to fix. For more than a year these issues have persisted, you can even youtube these problems with keywords as "" The Crew terrain bug "".Ubisoft has not shown any support in fixing these problems for the duration of the year despite the community having upwards of 40+ pages on both the Steam forum and the Ubisoft The Crew forum. There support consists of "" Please give us more information about the crash so we can help fix it "" while doing nothing.The Crew has some of the worst finicky hardware related issues I have seen in a game in my time, you can deck yourself out with the greatest hardware and still have problems, or you can have average to low and have little problems and then vice versa again.The Crew is a beautiful looking game for it's release date, platforms and multiplayer capacity, I have enjoyed many hours driving around the "" virtual usa "" map which is not 100% accurate, probably not even 60%, but it has it's moments driving passed landmarks, or through new york city for example. On ultra settings the game will definitely impress for visuals and excitement. Plently of entertainment driving around completing missions or cruising with friends, performing co-op missions, on that note though, you must be aware that anyone in the world can and will affect your gameplay experience.You are not really 'locked' behind a security blanket in The Crew, your missions can be interupted by other players which will effect your personal experience, due to a lack of any form of moderation or adminship in the game, trolling others is not at all against the rules. Blocking entrances, ends of races, race markers, anything goes.The Crew's over all performance for game play is a fun and enjoyable experience, if you can enjoy it that is. With constant crashes and terrain issues, or game freezes it becomes a frustrating mess at times. If you're willing to give the game patience and grit your teeth through all it's cancer, you might be able to sit down and have a pretty good time, and godspeed to you.However, I must conclude with, the price of the game vs it's overall problems, is not worth the buy. Ubisoft shows no support or help / compensation for players so the price will never cover the frustration of it's downfalls. With a 2nd expansion in the works and issues still unresolved and full pricing for the expansion with no compensation for the previous owners who are not able to even load the game due to "" The Crew has stopped responding "" at startup, I can not give this game a passing score. It is a flop, a fail, a miserable purchase and a game that gets shelfed quickly soon after your bad experiences become more infuriating then attempting to load the game time and time again.TLDR:  Ubisoft doesn't support it, it's priced heavily for a broken game.2/10, do not recommend. Find another game."
,Recommended,241560,17036123,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,ph!l,"This game has got a massive amount of negative reviews... and to be honest is the best racer i have ever played.I did get the Gold version on sale so am reviewing at about a $40 price tag.Pros:Enough content to keep you playing for life (Skills/PvP/Faction and Story Missions.)Graphics - Buttery smooth on my setupOpen World (US scaled by Autodesk)The satellite animations zooming from map view to car and vice versa is damn sexyUpgrading of cosmetics and performance for cars is prettySkill level upgrading - driver and performance parts upgrading for carsCons:Main problem I have is that at the moment servers are packed with players but if UPlay or the Crew servers are down, you cannot play until they are back up. Physics of 'barriers' on collision can have the strangest effects at times like space shuttle launch type strange :)First impression: Bought a Camarro... took it out on the street thinking it was going to be me and some ai doing missions. Came across these 3 Russian dudes doing donuts in a side street... They invited me to their Crew and we finished the Story missions together and are working on faction missions. There is no language barrier for burning rubber and nitrous fumes.Each has their own impression ... for me this is 11/10 and supercedes NFS and Grid series with drawing me in and return value to the game."
76561198140983580,Recommended,241560,24129275,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Eldarrio1,Nice game!I like open world in it!
76561198144771076,Recommended,241560,31637182,Posted: 8 May,all,Red7Romeo,Fun Game just a little overpriced
76561197980804738,Not Recommended,241560,14117092,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,wilkn'cookies,Car selection and variety sucks. 3rd-party DRM is extremely annoying.
,Recommended,241560,27289413,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Schnitzel,Its a realy good game for driving through the USA without thinkig about anithing.11/10 wood recomend.
,Recommended,241560,22846867,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,LevelDockSix_,"Hmm,The Crew.This game received alotof criticism at launch, and its not like it didn't deserve it; the game was lacking in a lot of aspects and had so much potential to be more than what it was.Fast forward to now when the Wild Run expansion has released and brought a slew of changes to the game visually and gameplay wise. I would actually recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the Test Drive Unlimited series which were also made by some of the developers of this game! If a huge map, exotic vehicles + customisation, and the freedom to drive around is what you want then this game has it all and plenty.I mostly played The Crew prior to the Wild Run update. It was actually a lot of fun going through the to be honest meh storyline, but that isn't what anyone bought this game for. The selling point was obviously the fact that the map is a scaled version of the United States, and good grief is it amazing.For what it is, it has plenty of detail (and now looks stunning as well thanks to the update) and nothing will beat the road trips you take solo or with friends, perhaps strangers on the road also playing their own game (so to speak because its a quick drop in/out lobby system for lack of a better phrase) between the various states. Putting my phone on a speaker dock next to me, setting up my Logitech DFGT, turning off the HUD, going to cockpit view and cruising along the freeways at night is just so wonderful I can't even describe it. And it's not short road trips either, getting across the states will take an actual hour or 2, maybe more, depending on the route. Super easy to lose time in this game like that.Speaking of, car physics. It's pretty arcadey, but everyone expected that (right?). They've definitely improved it since launch and its fine to play now for the most part IMHO.Customizationis handled pretty well. The UI could with quality-of-life tweaks but the modding of each vehicle it self is pretty well fleshed out (looking at you, NFS 2015). Should be noted, that all the vehicles do not have all the specs available to them. You can imagine my disappointment to the lack of a raid Murcielago :( still, Fiat 500 Monster Truck.Music selection in this game is nice, didn't agree with a few songs but hey, I just play my own while playing now so. Car selection is also pretty good.I cannot speak much for the events and the Wild Run exclusive ""Summit"", but I hear good things. PVP races are prone to being glitchy occasionally (maybe they fixed this now, can't tell for sure) but they have definitely balanced the vehicles you can use for the races now as compared to pre-Wild Run (the LaFerrari was the go to car if you wanted any chance at winning for example in the Perf-spec), so thank you devs!So there you go, my thoughts on The Crew. Would 100% recommend if you love cruising around the USA."
,Recommended,241560,22322395,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,bayramT,"+ Map is big as f*ck.+ A lot of things to do to reach the completion of game to %100.+ Awesome game to spend time with friends.+ Lots of vehicles.+ Not bad but a little bit clichê storyline.+ Long support.- DLC's has worthless contents for their prices (except Wild Run, since it's not being sold seperately anymore.)- No, it's not bad physics, there must be no physics engine for physics like these.- Graphics are bad for it's system requirement cost.- Twitchy handling.- Problems with matchmaking.5/10 - Game becomes cancerous sometimes because of the matchmaking and physics/handling bugs, but otherwise, it's pretty fun to play.If you say ""I can play with those handling and matchmaking is no problem for me, I'm a patient man"" then buy it, otherwise, don't even think it."
,Recommended,241560,13187901,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Atmosphere,"loving it so far, amazing improvments from from the beta."
,Recommended,241560,13214489,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Doom,"Welp here is my kinda quick who gives a damn about spelling review on the crew, Even though everyone gave this game♥♥♥♥♥♥before it had even come out due to ubisoft and how they are but This is coming from someone who is max level and finished the story,Pros- The game looks really nice,cars are very nice to look at and sound very nice, the map feels very large and has lots of different terrain and weather which does effect the handling which is good. The story is rather enjoyable for a racing game and it is an adult level story not some dumbed down kids friendly story that makes me want to cry (Test Drive 2 im looking at you), The cars handle well for what they are and upgrading does actually make the cars feel better to drive.Cons- (ohboiherewego.jpg) Welp this game does have its fair share of cons so far. The whole name of the game is the crew, which is funny conisdering me and my friends cant join each others crews, and the fact most of the time you are playing you never see anyone else driving around, and teleporting to friends to see them doesnt help because they never show up on your screen. Another con would be the huge lack of support with these problems and how none of the devs seems to care about the connections problems (Which isnt good considering this game is apparently an mmo, and an mmo with connection issues isnt a good thing). The last few cons would be gameplay based, the other ai racers in this game are either so stupid they drive into rivers or they are so rediculously op that they cant be caught even by the best of drivers in the best of cars, and the last con would be im having a problem where the game seems to take control of the car and ♥♥♥♥ you up at the worst of times.Final thought: Even with this extensive amount of cons i would still reccommend this game as the majority of these cons will be fixed within the next few days (hopefully) and the game is rather enjoyable otherwise."
,Recommended,241560,16574730,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,EviLDo0m/twitch.tv ™,"People love to complain over details !Purchased Gold edition, woke up yesterday... owww nice I got a Ferrari 458 Special for free :3Ps: I've played forza horizon/motorsport, gran turismo, NFS (4 years on NFSW... EA can kiss my♥♥♥♥♥goodbye :3 162 cars GONE)So quit crying over details and just enjoy while it's here and enjoy what you got, not happy go elsewhere end of story !"
,Recommended,241560,19526307,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Juvo,"The Crew is an okay game, it offers such a wide variety of feats. Skill challenges, Races in PvE and PvP and now including The Summit with stunts and freedrive challenges in it's latest expansion. In return however, the game has so many pet peeves that can bother a player to stop playing forever. Like a finish line delay that could lose you some seconds while playing with people outside your region, the ability to exploit some obstacles to gain seconds and a slightly messed up balance between vehicles.People hope for the best experience in every little aspect of the game, but The Crew is so massive that it can not offer this. As a result, The Crew does just about average in everything. You're not supposed to like The Crew because of sounds, amount of cars, customization, graphics or handling specifically. It expects you to like the wide selection of literally everything it has. Would it do better for players liking specific feats if the game chooses to minimize it's offers? Yes. You'll leave other people disappointed however. It's up to the developers to offer the best experience out of everything it has. You can see they 'slowly' improve on some stuff, but with each pro comes it's cons.I like The Crew because of it's variety and I try to look through the well-known pet peeves to enjoy an actual fun game. So far I think I'm doing a good job at it. I'm coming back to the game from time to time to see if anything new happened.Should you buy The Crew, the Season Pass, the Wild Run expansion or anything named together for the full price? No. Wait for a 50% discount. This will cause you less annoyance, but still have a jolly good time in a fun open-world racing game."
,Recommended,241560,15286413,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Mork,"Never tell your password to anyone.5:39 PM - Blash: How much would you recommend the Crew?5:40 PM - Mork: it's the 1st of its genre (MMOcaRPG) so it's far from perfect.5:41 PM - Mork: my advice, don't buy it retail... wait for a full-on sale5:42 PM - Blash: That's what I was planning on doing, thanks5:43 PM - Blash: I like that, caRPG5:43 PM - Blash: Did you come up with that?5:43 PM - Mork: no, it's just going around, idk who first coined it LOL!5:44 PM - Blash: haha, nice. Thanks for the input5:47 PM - Mork: also the fact that it's on uplay might taint its virtue so keep that in mind.5:50 PM - Blash: even when purchased through steam?5:51 PM - Mork: yup, it's still gonna force you to launch uplay to run the game.5:51 PM - Blash: hmm, that's a little ridiculous5:51 PM - Blash: thanks for letting me know5:53 PM - Mork: yup, it's like a deal with the devil involvedhttps://i.imgur.com/YSerpv6.png5:54 PM - Mork: the story is the same for every ubisoft game5:54 PM - Blash: haha, i love it5:54 PM - Blash: so should i just purchase it through uplay then?5:55 PM - Mork: i suggest you buy it off steam and just ignore uplay in the background5:56 PM - Mork: then when you get into the game and find yourself in a crew, get them to use steam to communicate instead.5:57 PM - Blash: makes sense, sounds good5:57 PM - Blash: is it a fun game though?5:58 PM - Blash: i mean obviously you've got your money's worth with that many hours5:59 PM - Mork: yeah i like it fine... i find the virtual drive relaxing6:00 PM - Blash: nice6:00 PM - Blash: i appreciate the chat6:02 PM - Mork: sure thing.... i still don't know how to review this game so i think i'll just copy and paste this conversation LOL!EDIT: now that i'm more informed...http://steamcommunity.com/app/241560/discussions/0/405691491125178193/?tscn=1455801953EDIT2: and here are some TC1 videos that are seldom seen for reasons unknown, it was region locked for a long time so that I couldn't access it even though I'm in the English-speaking state of California...https://youtu.be/QoqYl8a236Qhttps://youtu.be/xlL264O_7B0https://youtu.be/RcHxYyVQyzUhttps://youtu.be/WibVKyF78REhttps://youtu.be/2lM5t_G2UZo"
,Not Recommended,241560,34376513,Posted: 20 August,all,TerroR,"This game need to change name, you will never play in Crew, 99% of players are solo & bored.. when you invite someone in crew, you will see only name on the road, so, you need 245657667 tactics to do to see each other and play for 1-2min.. Servers and connection is too much poor... Nice graphic, nice open world driving... port3001... Ivory Tower .!."
,Not Recommended,241560,19133680,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Dazvolt,"Regarding The Crew is not a bad game, but ""Wild Run"" expansion is overrated and overpriced. What you really get is a few car specs and few events. And a motorcycles, yes. That's all. And this ""expansion"" claim price even higher than original game. Ubisoft is starting to be veeery greeedy. I don't want to play the game when I see such a ""future"". And I wouldn't recommend it to you either."
,Not Recommended,241560,30341044,Posted: 5 March,all,Mush,"One of very few games I've returned/had $ refunded for.  Graphics are pretty good (8/10), from the single player storyline/plot/character interaction I experienced, I enjoyed it (not going to give a numeral rating as I experienced very little of this due to quickly refunding the game).  Unfortunately, the driving physics and controller (wheel) support is garbage.  I have a G27, I'm quite familiar with *it's* issues (such as the ~18-20% hardware deadzone on the wheel), but I've managed to get it working properly in all driving games I've played that can natively support the wheel.  Having said that, I spent ~2 hours tweaking the controls in this game, as well as pouring over forums about the 'best' setups for the G27 in the game, and I could never get these two aspects of the wheel behavior correct; steering 'weight' (any amount of weight on the wheel, just from your hands, is enough to move it around without turning up the force feedback, which then *kind* of gives it a proper feel.  its not just a 'centering' issue, i couldn't find a way to sustain 'weight' to the wheel, i'd constantly and seemingly randomly go 'slack' and not when the front wheels were off the ground or anything like that).  the other aspect is the 'arcadey' feel many other reviews here and posts online have detailed; it is just very hard to 'organically' control cars in this game with a wheel, its more of a 'black or white' 'left or right' 'straight or smashing into a wall' control.On top of the control issues, which definitely ruin what could be a phenomenal game, to me; there is the issue of the amazingly overaggressive and cheating AI - going ~180 in a 'street' upgraded mustang and the *normal* cop cars aren't having trouble catching up at all, in fact, they're so fast they'll actually surround you and start body slamming your vehicle.I should probably just stop buying any ubisoft games, they seem to all have a common theme; pretty good gfx + decent concept + horrifically ruined by not polishing the gameplay properly. = ubisoft games.If they ever fix the controls in the game, I'd *definitely* buy it; however, I doubt this will ever happen, I bought this in 2017, and these same exact complaints have existed in the community since its release at the end of 2014."
,Recommended,241560,16565079,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,V A P E N A T I O N,While the plot isn't the most realistic in how it works; the game itself provides a lot of missions and a huge map of America that never gets boring. This is a really fun game.
,Recommended,241560,23005006,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,kurwamaster,Need for speed:world but better
76561198062602476,Not Recommended,241560,14094641,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,bubbabug2424,"First of all I would like to start off by saying that I have played approximately 20 hours of the game.  This has basically put my most of the way through the campaign.  My background with the game started earlier this summer when I got invited into the closed beta.  (Played about 6-8 hours)  The very first problem with this game is that you can't just use steam, on top of steam you have to use UPlay(Only works about half the time and takes forever to get into the game)  The next problem is that once you get into the game (assuming you have an internet connection) it tends to be rather buggy.  There seems to be an issue with optimization because my computer is rather capable and more than meets the minimum and recommended specs.  As with most AAA titles lately if you have AMD hardware you definitely need to beware  (my laptop with Nvidia hardware runs the game much better)  The main problem seems to be around the cities(Lots of buildings and poor optimization).  All in all this fits together to be a rather poor title but the one thing that keeps nagging me is the physics of the game itself.  I could probably get past the online all the time (Wasn't explicitly stated that you have to be) or even the sometimes poor framerates.  But the poor and might I add inconsistent physics and handling between cars is terrible.  Now I can personally say that I have never driven most of the vehicles in-game, but last time I checked a 600-900 horse Ferrari should be able to drift much better than an off-road Chevy Silverado(Actually have driven this).  However this is not the case all the muscle cars that people have been sliding around for years and years are impossible to drift.  The only game mode that seems remotely realistic is that of circuit racing.  I wasn't expecting this to be Forza Motorsport realistic but I at least expected it to feel something like Dirt 3 or Grid (Something sim-cadeish).  Finnally about the physics we are looking at the terrible bug where sometimes you will be cruising along and hit the same curb or patch of dirt you have hit 100 times with no consequence and now all of a sudden you are tossed into the air and are placed miles behind your competitor.  All in all I am extremely dissapointed with the crew as I have been waiting for a U.S. playground for cars for years.  Guess I am still waiting."
76561198010992129,Not Recommended,241560,28107407,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ooops,"honestly, I like UBI before, but haven't bought any games from UBI after I purchase this sh*t...this is the only one I've ever seen that the season pass only have the car pack in it, you have to pay if you want to play new DLCs...I bought the Ultimate Edition long time ago, when they release the Wild Run DLC, they ask me to buy it so I stop playing this until I saw there is a new update of it. the Wild Run is included in the season pass and free to play now, because there is another DLC called Calling All Units released, and they said I need to pay 40CDN to play that.Nah UBI. I'm going to play the Forza Horizon 3 now, it's much better than this"
76561198205789520,Recommended,241560,23981976,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Põrgakem Putsi,One of the best racing games.
,Recommended,241560,11907983,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,wrtnsq,"Since Wild Run dlc came, game alot broken:Such as steam sync with overlay, Game lags.Wild run released not as season pass dlc, and worth at least 20 euro.Every game can have big updates but only Ubisoft made it paid.Not recomended anymore was a good game tho."
,Recommended,241560,11893057,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,FaTe-,"This is an amazing racing game. Huge open world, tons of races and hidden events to find, and an awesome customization system for your cars. The handling is a little weird and takes some time to get used to, but isn't bad at all. Imagine Burnout Paradise but with customization of cars. The map is so much fun to explore just beacause of the simple fact that you can just drive right off the road at any point and blaze your own path to the next goal/start point/car dealership/whatever you may be wanting to drive to. I feel this game will get a bad rap just because of the use of uPlay, but I will put up with uPlay anyday of the week to play this game, it's that good. I find myself forgetting what I am suppose to be driving to, and just driving around looking at the world change. It is also nice that it runs well (note that at this time I am writing this during the beta and the game is capped at 30fps. But no crashes or game breaking bugs). All in all, this game is really awesome. I have had a ton of fun in my first 10 hours and I can't wait to keep playing."
,Recommended,241560,11894005,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,BARSH420,"If I was to ever truely rate a game, Game of the Year. THIS WOULD BE THE 1 ID SAY TO BUY! no questions asked, if u love a racing game, enjoy casual driving at times, love open driving maps, then this game will be 1 of ur favourites within seconds of booting guaranteed!!!"
,Recommended,241560,19276083,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,BloodNDeception,I liked The Crew
,Recommended,241560,32897712,Posted: 27 June,all,Coaster45,Buy if on sale. Physics is eh if you're playing on a wheel and feels like the car pivots around a pole stuck in the middle and it isn't amazingly optimised.It is fun to drive around and do road trips across the US tho
76561198022093839,Not Recommended,241560,19182045,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Duckie,"Has a very vague story line, weak performance, funky physics which can be described as bumper car physics, now they offer bikes in the game as well but at ridiculous prices, since the wild run update im getting about 5 frames less but game still looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ not to mention the wild run expansion costs 30 euros or 24 pounds. Crappy game in general made for money grabbing."
,Not Recommended,241560,14431971,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Michael,Game has a lot of potential however multiplayer is broken as hell for me.
76561198019058073,Recommended,241560,13977391,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Emmu,My ford focus beats Lamborghini's and Ferrari's. 10/10
76561198026976953,Not Recommended,241560,19323505,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Tier,"Updating the review to Wild Run update.-Graphics are worse than they were before.-You can't access a lot of game functions if You don't have the useless 30 euro DLC bought.It's just another ubisoft scam, what did You honestly expect?"
,Not Recommended,241560,25627493,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,DAZ187,"Pros:Stunning Graphics.Huge world to explore.There are several types of cars to choose from.Customizations are good.Cons:Slow progression.Awful story, which does not really revolve around having a close crew, or cars themselves. It is a stupid revenge story with terrible dialogue.Pvp is not even balanced. all car tiers are allowed. there is no way to race friends equally.Frustrating AI.Ridiculous physics.Online functions are shallow. It does not feel important at all. They are repeated over and over again.Cars do not feel that different.Pointless radio towers.Police are on all sorts of drugs and cant catch♥♥♥♥♥♥And mainly the game focuses more on stupid arcarde missions like collecting packages or smashing cars, which are repeated over and over again in the story mode.You spend more time doing stupid side missions that are repetitive.Instead of racing.THE GAME HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH A CREW"
,Not Recommended,241560,15301486,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,swatt,i spent $70 on this?♥♥♥♥ do i ever feel ripped
,Recommended,241560,25089944,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Its_aka.sh,The Crew has been a great game and have given me great time for me and my friends... the Never drive alone concept is the first reason that made me buy this even after a long time... but still there is more room for improvement and i know that Ubisoft will take the necessary steps to do so.. it is all in all a great game to enjoy in this massive multiplayer with a huge map to roll in... thank you Ubisoft for giving us a game to remember for a long and to enjoy it...
,Recommended,241560,13229969,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Actual Dinosaur,"Alright, with quite a bit of beta play and about 20 hours of release version play (despite steam's counter reading 14 at the time of writing), I think I'm able to give some preliminary opinions on this game.First off, this game is not perfect. There are little graphical and gameplay quirks that happen here or there, such as the cockpit view getting a little glitchy past 200mph, and annoying car resets after what should have been seamless, on the fly missions that place you exactly where you were, but stopped. Not to mention, the server system seems a little flaky.  One second, I am online with a dozen players, and after completing a mission, I am completely alone. However, this is a brand new release, and with Ubi marketing this as more of an MMO, I'm holding out hope that those things will be taken care of in the future.Those hangups aside, the game has proven to be quite enjoyable. Physics wise, on road car handling almost reminds me of the good old days of the 1st Need For Speed: Most Wanted. Perhaps, just a little grittier, but fun nonetheless. In my honest opinion, off the road is where this game really shines, though. For anyone who's played the game FUEL, off road vehicle handling should feel awfully familiar to you. I was excited to hear that a few devs from the FUEL team worked on this game, and you can certainly notice the influence they had.As far as gameplay? Missions aren't all that much to talk about, none are particularly outstanding, but they pace them well, and I've yet to get bored. Car customization was not nearly as in-depth as I had hoped, which is dissapointing. Certain cars can't even be modded in ways that would seem to make sense. For example, you cannot take a Ford Raptor truck, and convert it into the rally car / prerunner - esque ""Raid"" type. Meanwhile, feel free to do that to your Nissan Z! The whole MMO aspect, I'm not so sure of yet... mainly because it doesn't seem to be working correctly yet.In short, the game has a LOT of potential, and I'm enjoying it so far despite it's quirks. However, there are some improvements that are needed to make this game really shine."
76561198022266545,Recommended,241560,13314546,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Jacko®,"Jacko Rating7/10The Crew is the first MMO to do something different and use cars and driving instead of the usual aray of fantasy characters.It is an enjoyable mix of arcade/sim style racing with the added online benefits - namely being able to join and crew up with as many as 4 of your mates to race and cruise all over the USA.Strengths are definately the enjoyment you get out of messing about with your friends whilst in your hotted up car, the graphics are good for next gen but for the PC it could be better, 60 FPS on PC runs smooth enough, the sound effects from the cars are nice and beefy and last but not least the size of the map and drivable area is absolutely massive.The weaknesses are - its gets a bit laggy from time to time, there are not nearly enough visable players online making it not really feel like a MMO (at least not yet), not enough races on offer and the button mapping system is frustraiting when trying to really customize it.The final verdict after 42 hours of playing time is despite its flaws it is an addictive driving game especially when cruising around with mates but no substitute for a real racer (wait for Project Cars).  This is well worth your money if you intend to play with friends online and like a massive map of the USA to drive around but if you want a hardcore racer to post times and compete against mates then this will only annoy you.Pretty Good Game but could have been much better."
76561198105906005,Recommended,241560,11958596,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,poweraids,"I loved the beta for this game. Tons and tons of detail were put into this and alot of time well spent. I let my friend who rarely plays racing games drive with a pc steering wheel I got and from him destroying the city we found some minor bugs. I really wanted to point out how getting from one place to another actually takes you onto the highway for a REAL cruise sometimes. These trips aren't 2 seconds down the road. When I wanted to get to NY City it took me a decent amount of time to get there by highway (probably about 15 minutes). I very much enjoy this aspect of the game because constantly racing your car and bashing through telephone poles in a racing game doesn't make me respect that racing reality. What really gets you to appreciate your car, in The Crew and in real life, is when you can drive it on the highway for a trip - destination after destination. When I got onto the highway in The Crew I felt even more confident in this game."
,Recommended,241560,11941022,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Tekky The Human,You can drive around the grand canyon in a pseudo-monster truck made from a converted supercar.
,Recommended,241560,13367566,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ken Pallav,"So, here we go.I can see alot bad recommendations about it, but in my opinion its a great game. Lets start with a big map, i dont have seen so big map without loading points before, map is minilized version of real life Michigan, New York, Florida and California. There are also alot of cars with awesome classes and tuning, from stock to circuit, 5 classes in total. There are cars, pickup trucks and so on. (Season pass gives even more) Map is quite living, with citizens walking in cities and animals living in wild, trains move, aircraft, alot of traffic vehicles, emergency vehicles on duty and so on. Story is quite interesting, but little, but after finishing it, there are also alot of skills to do... and then awards (Each class of awards done gives you special nr plate). There are also landmarks, what locate an historical building or place with quick review of it from real life, i really liked to do these. (242 on total)  Cars have standalone levels to 1299, you unlock parts doing missions or skills, and then there is player level, up to 50. Snow mountains, where it gives your car more slippery, and fun to drift... also alot of racetracks and interesting places from real life US states, Salt lake drag strip and so on...  Cop chases are quite hard. Also each state has its own 20 car wrecks to collect, to get an hidden car for free.So... bad things about this game, you might meet some players in your session at each state.Crew invitation is still glitching around sometime, wont let somebody join... and PVP takes forever load, so... basically you drive alone... also friends i have in uplay, i never dont have seen them in my session, if only joined my crew.8 / 10."
,Recommended,241560,17284925,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,L3Gi0n4R,"This is mix of Test Drive Unlimited,FUEL,and Forza Horizon game series !! i love that mix.Of course graphics can be better (l8ter this year will be released graphic update) and car handling is strange (Arcade) but this game is soo massive! Lot race event,lot skill games,lot stuff to explore,every region and city is different.Highly recommended if u love that kind of games !"
,Not Recommended,241560,14398616,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Makaveli,"Overall this game is good, but for $60, it's not worth it. Here's the breakdown:Pros:- Large map- Detailed car designs- Decent online multiplayer experienceCons:- Huge lack of cars (only around 40)- Lack of options to customize car parts- Very poor AI- Police chases are awful- Annoying, boring campaign"
76561198132950084,Not Recommended,241560,26220808,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,¤DirtyMac¤,"2 years after release this game is still crap. Lags, loading textures, cheaters, unstable servers and many more. And now they want more money for another overpriced  DLC. No, just no don't buy this, save your money for another better game."
,Not Recommended,241560,17553430,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,4k11ky,"THE CREW REVIEWImage of the in-game optionsImage of more in-game optionsImage of the World MapImage of an in-game eventThe Crew is not a good game.While the concept of the game sounds great, Ivory Tower fails to execute it well. The cars all feel similar (the performance cars all feel the same as each other, the raid cars feel the same, etc) and don't control as good compared to other driving games. The game borrows many ideas from previous Ubisoft releases that don't really translate that well in a car. The online community for this game may as well not be there. There is a chat in-game but in the 20+ hours I've put into this game I've yet to see one person use it.. which can make it hard for people to find a Crew to party with in-game. Invites to races and events other people usually go unaccepted. While a large portion of the Crew relies on having a Crew, the game doesn't have a whole lot to offer for people looking for a single player experience.The map for this game is huge and allows you to drive from the east coast of the United States to the west coast. In between are rocky mountains, open plains, wildlife darting across the road, cops, pedestrian vehicles getting in the way, little towns at the end of dirt roads and huge cities. In between all these are hundreds and hundreds (it seems like) of events. There's a handful of events such as staying in between the lines, smashing through 'gates', going as fast as you can, mountain climbing, and more. Completing these events (and other races) reward you with a score based on how well you did and are rewarded with different car parts than you can equip to cars; increasing their overall stats. Instead of climbing towers to unlock portions of the map; making you work a little for your progress, the Crew has you drive up to the satellite dishes located by a blinking aura on your map and GPS.The story is extremely dull, laughable and perdictable.You play as Alex, a man wrongly jailed for the death of his friend. You have the chance you redeem your freedom as FBI Agent Zoe sends you information on the man who killed your friend, and she believes the police officer, Coburn, who arrested you is working behind the scenes with Shiv. You must race your way to the top, earn your ink, and take down Shiv. The music is subpar, instantly forgettable and I found a hard time finding something I enjoyed listening to in-game.If you're interested in the Crew to get your racing game fix I would suggest looking elsewhere. There's plenty of other racing games out there that are multiple times better that'd you actually enjoy. Also, uPlay sucks."
,Not Recommended,241560,20159102,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,XmattbeeX,"Tried my hardest to like this game. I love the idea of driving across the varied landscapes of USA, but the story they've tried telling, the characters and the missions have all been in my first 6 hours of gameplay. I've hit multiple graphical and mission bugs - unacceptable from a (AAA?) game a year after launch."
76561198030838500,Not Recommended,241560,34449347,Posted: 23 August,all,Joe_Dirt,"The map is amazing.  That's about it.  The rest is a decent arcade racer but nothing special.  Ubisoft is AWFUL.  Can't even restart a new game.  How is ""New Game"" not an option.  Can't even delete data to start over - it's all saved on Ubisoft's server.  Even on sale for $10 I feel dirty paying this awful company."
,Recommended,241560,23087920,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Gay Pillow Biter,"I would say I absolutely do recommend this game if you like games like Test Drive Unlimited, and Need For Speed, that being said, there are some MAJOR downsides to this game but overall I find it a rather good game.Let's start with the cons to get that out of the way.-Hard to Start OutAs in it's rather hard to get money for actual good vehicles. I feel as you progress more, it'll be easier but when you have to go and get performance vehicles.... be prepared to spend lots of your time grinding for money if you want an actual decent car.-RankedI feel as though they let you go into ranked WAY too early as I went into it (Not at all knowing what I was doing...) and was matched with the top of the top players (Platinum, Gold, Etc.). While they had level 1499 Vehicles, i sat there with a puny level 300..... As that may be my own fault for rushing it, I just recommend if you play to wait a LONG time before playing ranked.-Street ChallengesAs this may just be my own personal opinion, I find as you're driving down the road, the excessive amount of Street Challenges are way too much. They typically cover the entire road, and frankly try to force you to do them. You literally have to swerve off the side of the road to avoid them... Personally, I just find them annoying as they hardly reward you anything and are quite dull, typically trying to force me off the path I was originally going.-Wild RunAs this isn't nessicarily a con to me, I find lots of people complaining since the season pass didnt include Wild Run. As I didn't pre-order or buy the Season Pass expecting it (Due to me buying the game far after the big fuss about it happened) I don't find this really a con since it's only $10 more. Though do be warned, season pass doesn't include ALL dlc like most games have it. It lacks a big item that the game basically requires and tries to force onto you, Wild Run.-Basic Story PlotI won't spoil anything for you but, if you have ever played Need For Speed: Undercover.... This is basically that game. It has pratically the exact same plot and will give you extreme de ja vu.-Bad Graphics...As this isn't such a big deal to me, the graphics for some things do make me laugh. The graphics for scratches are incredibly cheaply made... That's really all I have for that one... It's just rather funny how horrible they are.Now Onto the Pros-Long StoryAt the time of writing this, I am 10.3 Hours into the game, and still not even halfway into the game. It seems to be VERY long which I absolutely love, something most games nowadays seem to lack.-Some Nice CarsThere are some very nice, detailed cars in the game. Though expensive.-EntertainingI've always been a big fan of Racing Games and I can say, this game I absolutely fell in love with. It's one game that I can actually sit down and play for a long while without getting bored, which is very few for me.-ControlsOkay, This is moreso to personal preference but - The Controls for this game is rather different compared to most games. If you're using a controller, it may seem a bit weird just to how the handling is, but I can say after a while you will get use to it. I personally fell in love with it.I would probably rate this game 7/10... It could definitely be better, but It's still rather good. A nice relaxing game to come home to if you have nothing else to do"
,Recommended,241560,20116258,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ludmacjames,"If you enjoy rpg progression, open world exploration and driving games then this is a great game for you. Though it doesnt do any part great, it does all three well enough to create a fun game experience."
,Recommended,241560,13267649,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ＮＨＩＫＸ,"I'm sure most of you have already watched movies such as the Fast and Furious, right? Now, who wouldn't want to roleplay as a bunch of street racers out cruising on the city with pimped-out rides fighting for bragging rights?The Crew is an open world, online multiplayer arcade racing game that lets you crew up with people to challenge others all over five major areas in the United States. That single line alone got me hooked enough to take the game and see for myself. After several hours clocked in, I managed to pin-point a few things that make this game great, at the same time notice a few issues that could be resolved in the future hopefully.The Pros:- Probably one of the biggest selling points of this game is the fact that it's open world. They weren't kidding when they said, ""If you can see it, you can drive there"" part, with a minor exception from the world's boundaries. From busy streets, to wide highways, to rocky mountain tops, to the vast fields. You can race, or chill-out, practically anywhere given that you have already driven to that spot before. To add to this, the game allows you to warp anywhere with minimal to no loading time whatsoever. Always a plus on my book.- The rides aren't limited to your typical street racer tuning. The game has several specifications that works on certain terrain and objectives. It allows you to customize your ride to best suit the situation at hand, like dirt specs for off-road challenges, and raid specs for heavy duty pursuits. A large chunk of the pimping-out option is available as visual customization for your ride, allowing drivers to make unique rides that they can show-off to others, or look awesome winning in them during races.- This is a multiplayer game after all, so what could be more exciting than racing as a crew? Imagine cruising down the streets as a 4-man team out looking for trouble or a challenge. Visualize being chased down by cops while your crewmates dive right in to clear a path for you. Or you could just troll people around and block busy streets just for fun.The Cons:- No game is perfect after all, especially during its first launch, so don't expect too much or you'll just end up disappointed like some. While the game is labled as an MMO, players are divided into ""sessions"" much like RPG games have ""server channels"". Most of the time players see only a handful of people in their current session, sometimes no one at all. While I have no idea what are the maximum number of players per session is, it would be nice if I could see 20+ drivers or so in every coast. Not too much though, or it would be chaos. Some people are complaining about not being able to see their friends in-game as well to crew up, which is quite a let down.- AI in this game is quite annoying in my opinion. First of, the term ""rubberbanding"", in reference to the elasticity of a rubber band, means that car A will not move too far away from car B in most situations. For example, you're in a race wherein you're in first place. The 2nd place AI will ""rubberband"" its way towards you no matter what situation it gets stuck in. It will suddenly dive towards you at ridiculous speeds even if it had just recovered from a crash. It works both ways when you're the one at 2nd, the 1st place AI seems to slow down a bit to allow you to get back into the race. Imagine the ""rubberbanding"" on police vehicles, chases aren't as exciting as it should be. In fact, it's difficult and down right scary.- The physics and controls on this game is a little off, I think. I mean, yes, driving at high speeds have this tendency to lose control obviously. But the handling and recovery is just too darn difficult.  The vehicles tend to spin-out easily, lose traction and so on. Let's not get started on the police, especially when they decide to break in front of you, they turn into a solid brick wall you can't possibly push aside. On the plus side, however, these cops really know how to do pit manouvers and stuff. And I think the handling of the cars can be remedied with the right car parts. Just expect to have a hard time at the start though.All in all, despite the ups and downs, The Crew is still a fun game to have, especially if you love the challenge and the thought of having one awesome ride as an avatar. It's barely a week into release and I'm sure we can expect better things to come from this game. If you're debating on picking this up, my personal opinion is go for it.  I mean, why not? It's not a bad game, but it's not the best either, but I'm sure this game has potential to get up there on the list.Hope to see you guys on the streets. Later."
,Recommended,241560,13208604,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Zeke,"Find some people on Steam to play with and form a Crew. I have made 3 great new friends in the past 2 days from playing this game. Having people to play/cooperate/compete with makes this game so much fun, and you will always try to beat each-others records on trials and watch their tail during races. It is co-op, so if the objective is (for example that we found) to, say, finish 3rd or higher, and only one person in the event achieves it, you all get rewarded. I usually am the brute in our Crew, I drive a Dirt or Street spec'd Ford Raptor. I will keep the AI drivers at bay by ramming and cutting them off, and my friends will use their Skyline or Charger to win the race(Though the Raptor can perfectly keep up if I want!). We all have a role that we use to emerge victorious as a group, and the game really rewards teamwork.--There is so much I would like to write about, but I am tired (from playing so long). The driving isn't Asetto Corsa level, but if you want to have a blast driving, this game does it. I have had some times where the others went off line, and I just drove, and drove, and drove, and went to the coast, traveled to the mountains and hot-swapped for my Dirt-spec ride and tore up the ground all the way down the mountain.--If you have a steering wheel with force feedback, The Crew uses every ounce of it. I was a beta tester, and I was surprised that they had full support for my wheel, the Logitech Driving Force GT. It's not a mainstream wheel, it was designed for the PS3, but it works on PC with 900 degrees of rotation and force feedback. All the buttons work, I have not had to tweak anything. It just, WORKED.--Ask me anything you like in the comments, I would be happy to answer questions you have about the game."
,Not Recommended,241560,21414296,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Aranel Surion,"Wild Run DLC is a complete scam. If you only had the base game and played co-op with random people up until now, now you can't, as ""look for a crew"" thing now requires you to pay ♥♥♥♥♥on of money for the new DLC. Yep, you heard it, Ubisoft actually removed a crucial feature and turned an Online game into essentially a Singleplayer experience, hell, this game is named ""The Crew"" and ""Look for a Crew"" button is paywalled? What the hell?! You call it an MMO, and ask me to pay for the second M? WHAT THE HELL?!Did I mention Uplay? Better not."
,Recommended,241560,15392072,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,LHRobs,"The Crew represents what I personally missed in recent racing games. It isn't a racing simulator, so don't expect full realism while in the driver' seat, but what you get in terms of handling is more than enough to enjoy the fun. Simply put: there's a fair background story, many cars, a gazillion of races and an explorable map that is the whole U.S.A. territory; all of this is what makes The Crew a very good arcade racing game. Sometimes, though, the arcade model becomes too evident (yes, Raid-spec ""smuggling runs""... while also some PvP events...), but all in all this is an experience worth trying, especially if you plan to play it using a racing wheel set like the Logitech G27 (fully supported). If you're an old NFS fan and miss the good old Most Wanted times, here you'll find your new home."
,Recommended,241560,13213796,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ShawnSaint,"I'm surprised this game doesn't seem to be getting the attention it deserves. It's hands down one of the best racing games I have played in a very long time. I played the beta and was impressed, but having played a lot yesterday I saw why they said ""Don't trust the hurried, rushed reviews for this game."" because things start getting even better as you go along.Doing one of the big weekly faction races is what finally put the ""this game rules!"" thought into my head, becauset there I was 25 checkpoints into a race with 110 checkpoints going all over the country when it dawned on me that this game isn't just about the quck pick up races and fancy cars, it's about skill and endurance. Not only that, it's sometimes just beautiful to look at as I've been guilty of just driving slow and looking around at the incredible world that Ivory Tower built.This game really shines when you are racing along the world in the drivers seat view, I switch when I need to but being In the drivers seat is where its at for me.I say this game is well worth the money. I look forward to playing even more."
76561198144748352,Recommended,241560,18846048,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Graystaff,"##WARNING## HONEST REVIEW**{[READ THIS REVIEW IF YOU ARE EVEN LOOKING AT THIS GAME]}**Guys everyone who bought this game and said there arent enough cars is a lunitic because there alot of cars considering that you multiply that by 5 because every car has diferent car classes that make that car behave so much more diferently. Also the makers of this game (Ubisoft) are going to release 2 more car classes, motorcycles and better graphics.  The 2 new car classes are going to be drift cars and monster trucks. I have to comment on the graphics because the graphics are not the best (they will be inmproved) they are good enough graphics. Anyone who judges a game on graphics should really change there ways.**BOTTOM LINE THIS IS A GREAT GAME THAT WILL GET BETTER SOON**"
,Recommended,241560,19281735,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,SloLee,"Just Enjoy the game, whats with the negative comment, they put a lot of hardwork into this, they have the right to put a price on it, like you could do all of this for free."
,Recommended,241560,13436480,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mr. Ethical,"I have been playing The Crew for about 2 hours.From a racing simulation point of view, the game lacks in various areas such as handling, physics, drivetrain, shifting. All vehicle handles nearly the same, with more or less understeer. Gearbox is odd, and slow while shifting/down shifting, handbraking is slow. On road, cars rarely spin out, but when pushing them to the limit, the cars will throw the rear end out, but refusing to turn. There are three modes of driving: All Assistance, Sport, Hardcore. All assistance would include ABS, Traction, steering stability, etc. Hardcore has less traction and less steering stability. Drifting is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥on keyboard, but manageable on Sport and Hardcore mode.Tuning is simplified and a lot easier for the general audience, nothing too complicated. Parts are found during runs and story events, Gold, Silver, Bronze, each adding x amount of additional car level. Level cap for players is at 50. Level caps for cars are at 1299.From a car enthusiast point of view, for those who just wants to collect and drive the cars, and tune (not in-depth tuning), this game is great. Graphics are beautiful, damages to the vehicle is mildly realistic, environment is great. You wont be able to run over people though, just like that in Driver San Francisco, they would jump away with Level 9001 reflex skills. Engine sound effects on the cars come close to that of real cars, but only when not in cutscenes. Engine sounds from cutscenes souds like that of a muscle car, V6/V8. Collecters will still need to play the game and some events to make money, in order to mod the car. Game is Pay to Win or Play to Win.The R34 GT-R is left hand drive, which does not exist, and makes the petrolhead in me heartbroken.The Street Car upgrade in game gives a wheel (rim) which resembles 5Zigen Noir, which makes the Purist in me cry. Other recognizable brand of wheels (for those who care) includes: BBS (:D), HRE (:D), ROTA (D:), Volk Racing (:D) and of course, Original Equipment Manufacterer (OEM) wheels.All Street Cars are stock height, which makes me Iacrophobic.Game cannot be played with no internet connection, from what I've seen.Best part about the game is that they have a replica Pike's Peak Uphill/Downhill sprint run in the Midwest. Very fun to do a tandem drifting run up/down with a friend.Rate Game 6/10. It's not bad, but it's far from perfect. Definitely recommend for car lovers. Definitely a great game to go cruising around with friends and racing around town."
,Recommended,241560,17088379,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Scene,TDU2 meets NFSU2.In my opinion this is exactly how the NFS series should have gone after Underground 2.
,Recommended,241560,13216439,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Linkupdated,I personnally don't know why people whine so much about this game. I know ubisoft failed a lot recently but this game is very good up to now i played 5 hour straight and its been very good.Nothing but respect for the guys who made a map of the fricking USA its huge!!nice graphics and good performance.Nothing like unity.Also fun gameplay for NFS fans.If you are not a guy who like racing games just dont play it lol.
,Recommended,241560,24285589,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Rapid_Mag,Great game. They should add Canada
,Recommended,241560,18170455,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,qwerty,"This game is worth every cent. I've played it with my friends in a crew of 4 and we could not stop laughing. You dont have to do missions all the time. In fact, I've spent the most of my time just rolling around with my friends because its SO MUCH FUN."
,Recommended,241560,14280377,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Antique™,"Awesome open world gameplay with more cars, parts, missions and collectables than you know what to do with. Drive, Race and Wreck your friends in high speed American roads or Crew up and take the Streets, replay old missions or PvP and Dominate the lobby. The choice is always yours in The Crew!"
,Recommended,241560,34058196,Posted: 6 August,all,Colt Luger,Good arcade racing.  Better then the last buncha NFS games.
76561197988012862,Recommended,241560,14298314,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,mendel,"I've clocked almost 50 hours in The Crew - an obvious recommendation. I am currently level 27 and still exploring the first of 5 regions (more about that later). Why is it fun?The Crew has a huge map, a huge number of difficult races and skill challenges, reasonable AI, the longest races I have ever seen in a computer game, a varied selection of cars right from the start, and a good system for levelling up cars, doing PvP, and doing co-op PvE with or without friends. It is a bit of a cross between FUEL (its game world is bigger, but emptier) and NFS:World (which has a more crowded MMO-feeling, but is pay2win and not as social). It has Burnout Paradise's ability to initiate challenges right in the game world without going to an instance, so you may be driving along and see a car flying through the air because you're passing a jump challenge and someone's doing it; or see everyone else's police pursuits (join in if you like).The level cap is at 50, there are 5 regions, you can go anywhere at any time, but the events and cars of a new region unlock every 10 levels. So in theory, since my main focus is still the first region (Mid-West - of course you start in Detroit), I shouldn't be over level 10, upgrading my car with level 1-10 parts won from skill challenges available in that region, and generally having a good time; and I should be able to level out of that region by following the storyline missions, if I like, which I probably am. But the game also provides other ways to level up: you can grind story missions (even accidentally, if you want to improve your score from bronze to gold; and the game also makes you, because other player will invite you on coop runs - of course you can decline), you can do faction missions once you are level 10 (out of curiosity), or you can do PvP (a dozen races was enough to get me from level 21 to 27). This will unlock other car types (good) and the parts sets that come with the level (bad, because I now could just buy me all level 20 parts for my car and skip the East Coast region altogether, and with a bit more PvP, skip the South, too). Maybe The Crew should have taken a slice from GuildWars, where you're a) PvP-ready from the beginning with competitive gear (but you can use your own high-end PvE gear as well), and b) levels and player capabilities are adjusted on the fly depending on the level of the region you're in so that co-op works well.Right now, I exercise some restraint and explore and do the skill challenges and the exploration anyway, and the nice thing about The Crew is that even though my cars are somewhat overpowered for the zone (what with the stat boost levelling up gives them -- why, exactly?), the challenges are still tough to get golden. At the rate I'm going, there'll be many more hours of fun in this game.If I could do it over, I would play each story mission only once and stay away from anything social (PvP, Factions, co-op) until level 40 at least. Recommended."
,Recommended,241560,13814684,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Kingdom,"There are some few minor bugs in this game. But its a new game, and i guess they will fix it with time.So what is good, and what is bad?Well i think its a really nice game, an open world car game. That you can play online in, its really cool to cruise around mount rushmore or just on the road with your friends. And even play against them.Something i want, is more cars, and more missions.The singleplayer is also pretty good, you play as a guy called Alex. And you are going to jail for 5 years. After the years are over, you work for the FBI and wanna get revenge on your brothers killer.To do that, you need to get a cool car, and go race against the 5-10!The game is good in itself, and i would recommend it if you like to cruise around.5/5"
,Recommended,241560,30983200,Posted: 6 April,all,Weilard,"Как всегда – будем честными. И скажу сразу… для меня «The Crew» один из наиболее спорных проектов UbiSoft. Я не помню, чтобы мне хотелось одновременно крыть игру всеми тяжкими, борясь с желанием из неё выйти и вернуть обратно деньги, потраченные на покупку, и одновременно хвалить игру, восхищаясь тем, чего в других играх ещё нет. Здесь на любой плюс гарантировано есть минус, если не три. Так что же заставляет меня рекомендовать эту игру? И кому её рекомендовать?Давайте разбираться. Во-первых, я рекомендую игру только таким же психам как я. То есть тем людям, которые готовы ехать вперёд. Долго и беспощадно. Не размениваясь на гонки, на лиги и дивизионы, на сотни безликих улучшений характерных для рогалика, но не для симулятора. Не застревая в дебрях худших интерфейсов игровой индустрии, но наслаждаясь спидометром, часами асфальта и порой удивительно красивыми видами. Не прося у игры быть игрой с большой буквой «И». Последнее умение большая редкость.Во-вторых. Я не рекомендую эту игру тем, кто ожидает от неё детализации GTAV, детализированных машин, корректного поведения их на дороге, хорошей физики, в том числе и физики разрушения последних упомянутых. В этой игре нереально многое.Гладкое полотно мира, где редко срабатывает подвеска, потому что колдобин, ухабов и других особенностей рельефа просто нет. Это мир призраков, где вы никогда не задавите перебегающее дорогу животное, потому что оно неосязаемо.  Это мир кирпичей, где вы никогда не разобьете машину, потому что это невозможно и где разбитая машина никогда не будет влиять на манеру езды. Это мир клонированных построек, где одну и туже закусочную вы увидите не один десяток раз. Это мир клонов, ибо машины трафика вокруг - копии друг друга. Они не имеют разных цветов, половых отличий и признаков. Это мир где ударившись о другую машину вы как ни в чём не бывало продолжаете ехать дальше. И это мир где будучи в одной сессии с другом вы можете его и не увидеть. Просто потому, что это игра про гонки с друзьями. Смекаете?Так какого же черта обзор «пальцем вверх деланный»?Эта история началась в Нью-Йорке, когда два раздолбая достигли 10 уровня. Это было уже после двух часов игры и продирания через дебри интерфейса, слёз и непонимания. На наших внутри игровых счетах образовалась круглая сумма в размере 100К. В отдельной спец-валюте. И вот здесь и началось что-то непонятное. Здесь игра вдруг стала другой. У дилеров оказались разные ассортименты. Я смог купить Dodge 1969 года, а он… и я тогда ещё не знал об этом (а ассортимент для каждого игрока в один момент времени - разный) Chevy Impala. Два масл-кара, которые встретившись вместе собрались пересечь Америку от восточного побережья до западного.Чтобы это случилось так, как случилось - мы послали к дьяволу игру отключив все возможные интерфейсы и клятвенно пообещали не открывать карту, руководствуясь лишь собственными географическими познаниями. Четыре часа мы не могли достичь желанной точки. Останавливаясь в отелях и заправляясь на бензоколонках (понарошку конечно). Приключение заняло три дня и две ночи по местному времени. Мы выехали из Нью-Йорка и описав петлю попали в него же. Проскочив Сент-Луис чуть не задели Канзас и «рухнули» в Большой Каньон. Его я вспоминаю с ужасом. Ещё ни в одной игре, кроме я не ехал столь долго. Он действительно велик. Не заезжая в Лас-Вегас (а зря!) мы забурились в Скалистые Горы и они полностью сломали нам ощущение ориентации в пространстве. Дорожный серпантин, определенно, меняет восприятие реальности. В совокупности с ночью это помогло нам проскочить Лос-Анджелес и потом полчаса гнать рядом со стеной… и, слава богу, что мозг таки сработал (что характерно не мой) и мы наконец осознали, что это великая мексиканская стена.Порой картинка была уныла, но чаще она подкидывала весьма красивые пейзажи, поражая размером. Его хотелось бы заполнить многим. Необходимостью заправляться есть и выполнять курьерские миссии, разумеется выходить из машины и бить живых мертвецов по башке разными подручными средствами. Спасать прекрасных дам и пить за здоровье спасенных за игрой в покер или кости, прожигая кровно заработанные в клубах сигаретного дыма и запахе старого дерева. Всё это было бы очень здорово… и очень хочется... но не в нашей жизни ребят. Вероятно детки наши такое увидят. Чтобы и размер был ого-го, и качество сервиса. Будь это GTAV, да с таким, мать его, причиндалом... но нет. Увы. Проработать ""по рокстаровски"" мир такого масштаба на данный момент невозможно.Если ничего из перечисленного нет, то почему рекомендация к покупке?Аркадная игра от подарила нам удивительный рпг опыт. Такой мне не давала ещё ни одна игра на этой планете. И должен сказать вам – иногда размер имеет значение. Вряд ли подобное повторится. Но я благодарен уже за то, что это было. И я очень люблю игры, которые позволяют мне там играть так как я хочу. По-своему. Я с трудом могу рекомендовать эту игру нормальными игрокам, но психам… ребятки – добро пожаловать.Всем остальным – в сад. Не потому что тут царство эстетов. Нет. Игра действительно спорная. И я никому её не хочу рекомендовать. Просто делюсь впечатлениями. И рассказываю, как всё происходило. Выбор всегда за вами за вами. Но… если вдруг сделаете это, не приходите и не кройте меня на чём свет стоит. Вас за выхлопную никто не тянул.P.S.Карта которая покажет наш путь куда лучше чем слова.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=899624919P.P.S.Запись стрима с гнусавыми голосами, т.к. оба были в наушниках.https://www.twitch.tv/videos/133758891"
,Recommended,241560,13323342,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,SaltiestSnail,"So...... you like to drive huh?Thats what this game has to offer. Its truly not some entirely new racing experience. Its midnight club, burnout, need for speed, all rolled into a new game, The Crew.Many people have criticized this game for its sub-par graphics, arcade like driving/physics, and it not being a true ""MMO"". And while that may be true in many cases, you also must take into account for the scale of this game. No other game truly allows you to drive from Miami to LA in one sitting all the while seeing every different biome along the way. It's fulfilling to be able to go from a small town, to the mountains, to main roads, and then to main cities.I will admit that this game is far from completely polished but that does not mean its fun and enjoyable. I have around 50 hours right now and while around 25 of that was the main story, the rest has been me farming the skill missions and overall, trying to explore the massive world of The Crew.So in the end, yes you might not be getting a perfect game, but its still one to remember, and it will continue to get better with patches, dlcs, etc etc."
76561198194217506,Recommended,241560,35393751,Posted: 1 October,all,Chief Pietrie,"Huge open world, lots of events and races, and the cars are very customizable. Awesome race game!"
,Not Recommended,241560,14267177,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dro,"I bought The Crew 2 weeks ago and I haven't been bored of it yet! The game accomplishes this by using the clever tactic of crashing before the player even has a chance to do anything, thus eliminating any possibilty of the gameplay getting stale."
,Recommended,241560,15136812,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,FadedTeleTubby,"Awesome game. Physics done right, Handling done Right, customization done Right, End Game Content done Right! However I would wait til it is on sale."
,Recommended,241560,21115449,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Some old gamer,"8/10 - Fun, addictive game with lots of growth potential.I gave it a 8/10 instead of a 10/10 because the game isn't easy to learn or it's not user friendly and it needs more cars; there are only a little more than 200 cars available in the game.  That said once you learn how to play, this game is amazing.'The Crew' reminds me of my beloved racing game Gran Turismo, but much better and with traffic, an open world and random weather.  I played Gran Turismo 1-5, I'm familiar with the game and engine, this game is most definately built off the same platform.  The vehicle modifaction system has been changed and the game has a story with a plot as well as being massively multiplayer.  You're allowed to play all the game's different modes in a ""Crew"" or a 4 man team of your friends.When you start out you have a choice of cars available at the Detroit car dealer.  As you unlock the game by beating story missions, there are 5 car dealerships and 1 motorcycle dealership.  I recomend starting with either the 2011 Mustang GT or the Nissan 370Z as they have several different specs the vehicles can be tuned to.  Much like Gran Turismo the vehicles are rated based on what 'The Crew' calls vehicle levels or Gran Turismo players know as performance points.There are several different spec's a full stock car can be tuned to.  The game comes with 5 specs.  To unlock 'extreme specs' you need to purchase the 'Wild Run' upgrade.Standard Specs:1 - Street2 - Dirt3 - Performance4 - Raid5 - CircuitWild Run 'Extreme' specs:A - Monster TruckB - DriftC - Dragand a new vehicle type: Motorcycles... which kick♥♥♥♥♥by the way.Each spec a vehicle is tuned to can level up by unlocking parts via challenges, game missions or PVP events thus increasing it's performance point rating.  1299 is the max vehicle level/performance point rating available at this time.As you complete missions new areas unlock, new vehicle specs and new vehicles are available.The best way to earn money, rep and league points is to PVP.  It's by far the best way to earn money and rep.  You compete against other players based on how much you play, not how well you finish in races.  You have a choice of 5 PVP factions you can join.  The wolves, the snakes, the gators, the eagles, and some other faction that isn't memorable.  Your rep is compared to the rep of the other players in your faction.  If you have the highest rep in your faction, you're the boss and get a base salary of $150,000 per day.  If you're not the highest paid player, like most people, you fall somewhere in the middle.  Underboss = $100,000 daily, Street Boss = $60,000, Lieutenant = $30,000, Thug = $10,000.  I don't remember what Gangsta pays, but it isn't much, maybe $5,000 daily??  Yes finishing in 1st place pays better, but the difference between 1st and 8th isn't much.  The Devs encourage people to PVP with this system.  Traffic and collisions can be turned off to enhance your gaming experience.  Every player in the PVP lobby gets to choose what map they would like to race on.  Then based on what the players chose (5 players, 5 maps) the computer randomly selects one of the maps all of the players in the lobby chose and then everyone races on that map.  You can PVP solo or with a crew (4 man team).To start I recomend the 2011 Mustang GT or the Nissan 370Z.  Both of these cars can be tuned to Street, Dirt, Raid, Performance or Circuit which is why I recomend them.  Money is tight early on in the game.My recomended cars/bikes:Street: KTM 450, Nissan GTR, 2015 Mustang Fast BackDirt: KTM 450, RUF 3400K, HummerRaid: KTM 450, RUF 3400K, Buggy, HummerPerformance: Ford GT, Mclaren F1, Pagani Huayra, Lamborghini Superlegera, BMW 1000RR, Ferrari 458 SpecialCircuit: Ford GT, Lamborghini Superlegera, BMW 1000rr, Ferrari 458 Special"
,Not Recommended,241560,20941440,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,#G'c,"I enjoy the driving and graphics in The Crew... also I hear a lot of people complaining on driving itself and what they have to go is open the settings and set ""Hardcore"" for assists, plus in some cases tune a bit...CONS:Even without FPS drops at steady 60fps everyone gets microstutters which don't affect fps (even if graphics is set to low).Ubisoft PLEASE FIX The MicroStutter so we can enjoy the game at its full!GameBreaking:Another issue is map texture load glitch when map stops loading and you are stuck in raw textures, usually it helps to use back to track button and the map loads, but sometimes it doesnt work and you have to restart the race (In races as Highway child and coast to coast) which makes it extremely frustrating as those are 50min-1:30hr long races.Will change to positive once microstutter and map load glitch are fixed...I mean it's been over a year now and I think it's time to fix it now!Year and a half...UPDATE: Released 19/12/2014 today is 17/08/2016 and they still didn't fix ""Map Load Bug""...Don't buy this pile of garbage."
,Recommended,241560,13398582,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Nightfire37,"The Crew is one of those racing games that you just have to play even if it has Ubisoft's name on it. Let's get all of the BS rumors out of the way by saying UBISOFT DID NOT DEVELOP THIS GAME!!!! Ivory Tower developed this game with the ability of having 60 FPS at the start and yes it does have micro transactions but earning in-game cash is super easy. This game isn't tanted with Ubisoft's bad pc port mojo. This is a super stable game and I occasionaly experience a crash once or twice a day.So gameplay, how is it? Well the gameplay is well how any Need for Speed from Underground 2 through Carbon but with a twist. This game has RPG elements thats similar to Need for Speed World but is not purposly asking you to empty your wallets into a pay wall. It is open world and the world is really huge. It is close to 50 in-game miles and it will take you a long time to get you there. You have a level (50 is a max) in which you level up by doing story missions (yes it has a story), skill challenges, PvP events, and faction missions. The story missions is what it is labeled as, missions that's part of the story. The skill challenges offer a way to gain car parts (more on that later) and get some experience for doing it. There is also a leaderboard so you can compete against a person's ghost and see if you can get to the top of the leaderboard. PvP events are what it is labeled. You go against other players and you can choose to fight for your faction or just free-for-all. Faction missions are where you get a lot of money, faction experience in which that adds everyday you login, and some chunk of experience. They also have one hour long races and one that goes up to 4 hoursWhat are these car parts you mentioned above? Well those car parts give your car a level as well ranging from 0-1299. The car parts consist of a motorcore, air system, diff, tires, weight reduction, and more. There are five classes of cars and each car class is different to each other: There is Street, Dirt, Performance, Raid, and Circuit. Street is your step above stock. Dirt is something you would see from a World Rally Championship. Performance is your step above Street but is almost stripped out. Raid is something you see from the Dakar Rally and yes they have trophy trucks. Circuit is something you see from Grand Touring ot 24 Hour Le Mons racing. The car is completely stripped down with weight saving and high performance in mind with the ability to take corners.Well since this is a driving game, how are the physics? The physics can be odd but if you work around them, you can win a lot of the races. Drafting is a thing so use it when you can. The cars will tend to bounce off of things like bumper cars and it focuses a little on drifting.Hows the car customization? It is what you would expect from a Need for Speed Most Wanted and Carbon game. You can customize the interior with your choices of aluminum, carbon fiber, mixed aluminum, and mixed carbon fiber. You cannot place stickers anywhere you want to though. They have presets which look cool IMO.Car selection? How big is it? Well IMO it is small but it will slowly expand with DLC. The car list consists of 58 total cars but at least they have trucks.Final thoughts? Well I am enjoying the game. I am enjoying every bit of time I have put into the game. I would recommend everyone getting the Season Pass since they are going to add more cars. January 2015 is going to be their first DLC which should be an interesting one. I did wish they have given us the ability to move around the stickers rather than give us presets and working mirrors in the cockpit (yes a working cockpit). This game I believe will set a new standard on the illegal arcade street racing genre that was leaving a sour taste in my mouth because of the way Need for Speed has been going and from the look of things, it isnt going to get any better. You just have to play this game to know what I feel about this game. I have been dying to play a game thats open world with similar car customization as Need for Speed Most Wanted and Carbon but isn't trying to make your wallets screem and this is the answer my friends.UPDATE: Next Tuesday of updating this review, they are adding three more cars into the game if you don't count the Mini Cooper non-street edition we got at launch. I havent experienced any big crashes. Loading the game will freeze your computer if you are using a controller with XInput. I still would recommend this game. The AI can have some stupid rubber banding but AI can be difficult in a racing game."
76561198073439394,Recommended,241560,25655986,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,AestheticHipster,"One of the most underrated racing games I've played. So much content that doesn't require real money to unlock and an online system that actually makes the game more fun. The cars are amazing, the graphics are good, and the gameplay is fun. The map is gigantic. My only complaint would be that I think the game would be better if the map was smaller and consisted for more winding roads like what you see when you hit the mountain areas. The map is really huge, but because of its size, a lot of the roads are straight and boring. I also wish the performance upgrading was more in dept instead of just having your car stats upgraded when completing races and challenges. I'd like it if I could pick my own exhaust, turbos, and other parts by brand and each having its own pros and cons in terms of how it effects your cars performance.I give it an 8/10."
,Recommended,241560,24203919,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Stephen,"Its a standard NFS(need for speed) game. I wouldnt say its straight arcade style but its not a simulator. Works well with steering wheel/pedals/shifter combo and if you have those items, you can feel the sim part of it while driving around the open world trying to decide what race style your in the mood for and it seems they have a vehicle for everyone with the ability to upgrade performance and looks. Enjoy online racing? You will probably enjoy this if you do."
,Recommended,241560,20017747,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,.♔ Brandon Maas♔,"6/10The Map is amazing, a lot of details and easter-eggs.The Story is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t... but its an amazing game if you love RacingGames and if you have a few m8s who play w/ you.If you compare it w/ NfS (the good parts) it isnt a good game."
,Not Recommended,241560,19237034,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Merked_,"30€ of nothing. That story mode was awesome, but after that it was only credit farming. Same in Wild Run if you dont wanna pay those micros. Sorry, you made your game bad."
,Recommended,241560,11961345,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Ro-500™ がるるー,This is what Need For Speed should've been.
,Recommended,241560,13718008,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tom BROdett,"Great game, I usually don't like racing games but this one is awesome. It reminds me of a game that I used to play as a kid called ""L.A. Rush"" a lot of the ""die hard"" racing game enthusiasts say that this game isn't very good, but I thoroughly enjoy it.10/10 would take a mustang through a river again."
,Recommended,241560,13224699,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Calwaine,"Best Racing game of the year. Ubisoft has done it this time and at last.I've been really mad at Ubisoft cause of it's crappy policy and marketing strategy, Watch_Dogs , Far Cry 4 and Unity. These games were expensive and not good as they look like. I was thinking about how worse Ubisoft can be, but even though I have these thoughts, still I made no prejudgement and watched stream on steam, talked with some friends about buying and forming our crew, and there I am driving across USA from East Coast to West Coast while feeling freedom and joy. The Crew is awesome.I was a racing-game lover when I was a kid. Played Midtown Madness, Most Wanted a lot and  loved those games. And here, in The Crew , gives me that joy. You can free ride all over the Usa, discover hidden car parts that unlocks a hidden car ( each from different regions ) or landscapes and antennas , similar to Creed Franchise. Then you can do challenges to receive car upgrades to increase your car level just like in MMO's , and the best part? Forming your own crew and driving together. I hope Ubisoft won't ruin this game and keep it updated with new cars, new stuff. The Crew is highly recommended for racing-lovers, people who used to play racing games and who likes Forza Horizon.Oh , forgot the best part. While driving around in L.A. and sun sets, it's best to listen to Arctic Monkeys - Do I Wanna Know , and hit it, One for the Road.10/10 Ubisoft makes me wanna cry."
,Recommended,241560,29487543,Posted: 25 January,all,DJ Salajutsu - The Salamander,"I bought the game at launch, or a couple days after, here's my takeWHEEL USER'S REVIEW (Sim racer's point of view)The Crew does many things well:-Endless driving across the US-Decent feel through a T500RS (with the extraconfig.xml file you can find through ISR or Racedepartment)-Lenghty game overall-Though dated, looks nice-CarPG-Discoverables-Useable physics for low level cars (preferrably street or dirt specs primarily)However there's major things that this game does NOT do well:-Lateral grip loss (bad for drifting, though drifting isn't impossible)-HIgher level cars get more and more unrealistic, to the point where wheel users won't enjoy-Cops are....well, they don't matter, until they unrealistically and impossibly DO matter out of nowhere-The umpteen amounts of over-the-top ""LOOK AT ME I AM STREET RACORZ"" bling bling-Cut-scenes for every single action-New muffler part;  BRAKING BONUS!!!-Users without Calling All Units have major issues with constant annoyance to buy DLC, as well as friend disappearing when cops give chase, or simply alert that you have a slight bounty against them-Occasional drop-out of co-op missions-Honestly lame sound overallIt's a game I recommend to wheel users but ONLY if you're ok with using only half the content.  For wheel users specifically, once you get cars to a high enough level, or start using the higher specs of tuning, it becomes more and more arcade and unuseable for wheels.  It's not completely useless, but it definitely makes it more bland the more you progress.  The game's FFB (even with extraconfig.xml) strength is determined by vehicle weight, so the lighter the vehicle, the less FFB there is entirely.  Trucks and heavier vehicles naturally have more strength in the wheel overall.The FFB on the GOOD side, is pretty decent.  There's communication going on, and opposite lock (catching slides or drifting) is, in fact, there.  It's redeeming in itself, for a CARPG.On the BAD side, well, I've already mentioned the weight, but on Dirt, those forces nearly double overall.  It's rough on Dirt.  Some might complain due to lack of consistency, some might like it actually.  I kind of like it.The physics are....arcade, with a slight touch of realism.  At the lower levels, cars feel mostly natural.  On the higher levels, they float with total disregard for gravity and grip limits (HANDLING BONUS!!!).  Breaks are way too strong and acceleration is too fast.  The tires spin wildly, trying to impress somebody, yet nothing is happening on the driver's point of view.  Just generic wheel spin.  Still, there's a level of conservation needed to keep yourself from dying.  Snow is more fun to me.  I spent the entire game making sure I got as little HANDLING BONUS!!! BRAKING BONUS!!!....bonus's as possible.The sound is pretty lame.  Cars sound...well decently accurate, at least some.  They aren't terrible, but there's nothing to write home about.  Car engines are quiet overall, there's major leveling issues across the board and I don't play with music either.  Overall, it gets the job done, but don't expect to be wow'ed.  Some cars (namely Nissan Skyline R34) have pitch attenuation issues.Online portion is a dream come true....except for the fact that it's not.  Co-op is an awesome edition and cruising endlessly with friends is TRULY the meat of the game.  However, co-op doesn't mean anything, especially when you convince a friend to buy it so you can play together.  You already have all these tuned up cars that decimate the low level missions while your friend is feeling inadequate.  People disappear every time a cop chase is initiated, or you're alerted that cops are watching for you (or a friend).  Just left with a jittery name tag floating around.  It's annoying.  It works, it's not impressive, the concept is great, implemented rather poorly (but not so bad it's unplayable).  PVP matches are unbalanced, and for a wheel user, is not worth it honestly.  Once you max out your car's level through miscellaneous challenges, it becomes an arcadey mess, completely focused on top speed.Graphics are pretty nice.  There's nothing super amazing or perfect.  I'm running tripple screens and, though it doesn't support all the bells and whistles of simulators, it does have an FOV slider that works well.  I can't complain overall.  Looks pretty good, plays nice with peripherals it seems.Input device support:  I'm running a T500RS with a Basher boards FL2 adapter to run a G27 shifter on a seperate USB.  Works fine.  Took a minute to set it up.  Seems to be fine.  Like I said, I'm running tripples and it adds to the game greatly.  Though it won't quite run maxed with this setup smoothly.  980 4gb i5 3570 with 8GB RAM.Story:  I don't care.  I never will care.  You can't make me.  I've already gone through the NFS underground and beyond stories and I just plain don't care at all.  Well told I suppose, but flashy and stupid all the same.I recommend this game only because, as a wheel user with tripples and stuff, at the lower levels, this game is a great experience.  Endless driving exploration, co-op, driving with friends, just plain screwing around, drifting in Montana, some customization (though slightly limited in a way).  Stock, Street, Dirt, Raid and somewhat, Performance specs are fun to play with.  Beyond that wheel users won't have much fun with the floaty ""super handling/braking"" crap of the lighter cars.  It's fun having a 400hp Fiat 500, blasting away at RUF's and Zonda's like it's nothing.  The extraconfig.xml is absolutely necessary for good FFB overall.  It's hard to recommend otherwise, as there's obvious issues with the overall package, but still, it IS fun.This is all outside the ""review"" of DLC and other things, which is complete BS overall.  I won't get into details, but DLC ruins some of the experience, unless you have money to throw away and get it all (then you won't have the game constantly pushing you to buy more things, as well as the online portion having less issues as a result).7/10:  Great concept, good open world exploration, bad end game, 50-50 for wheel users (dependant on vehicle class and level), horrible over-the-top-trying-to-impress-you fan service."
,Recommended,241560,29931287,Posted: 14 February,all,Dr.StrangeSpock,"I LOVE the game now a lot and Highly recommend it!! It is The Whole U.S. in Small mode. Top of my list in Massive MP driving games.The cars are beautiful and exotic, customizable. (Please avoid all those Tramp Stamp Stickers and goofy Colors though... Tasteless Teens!)This game is genius in design, years in the making from half the TDU2 Crew I heard.  It avoidsall the annoyances of TDU games and Burnout Paradise etc.The landscape is STUNNING in detail and activity. Also, best complete the game with the new Police addition. Don't be CHEAP,  support this effort and maybe there will be MORE additions! This is a long term keeper. Definately get the Ultimate pack as all those extras like cars and modes are going to be a must.I love taking each car and motorcycle in my ""Hot Wheels"" collections ha ha and customizing paint the jobs and interiors, wheels, on and on.Check your Uplay Overlay and use those bonus points to unlock great stuff and cars in game and check your Monthly Challenges for easy big bucks.  Opening up the U.S. and seeing all these famous places very nicely done like no other before is intoxicating. I love to look and all the cut scenes in landmark locations ...all 248 of which will net you $500,000!Getting Daily Cash from Faction on booting is great.My NAT is Moderate and works fine. I ""Rooted Manually"" as they call it in Start Menu correctly, (port forwarding or allowing pinholes through the Router Firewall settings for 5 Uplay ports and The Crew ...but still Moderate NAT. It made the game play worse it seemed, so I when Router Firewall default again.Clicking  DMZ will probably give me NAT OPEN, but then you have to depend on your Software Firewall and Anti-Virus etc to protect your computer from hackers!Game can lock up here and there requiring Windows key or ALT TAB or Ctrl Alt Del to Task Manager close game, Uplay or Steam Bootstapper to end, but I don't care anymore.My Driving Force GT wheel, (with a strip of Scotch Extreme Fastener velcro type tape in front to hold it on table strongly...wheels get loose and pull off!), works perfectly now with all buttons assigned just right and Wheel settings tuned well. My Track IR works with it. You can heard all sorts of languages from all over the globe commenting during chases as you can speak to players it seems.( I found that an ability in all other versions of this game except Steam version is Blocked. One cannot purchase CC: Crew Credits in any way and this bug or block has been going on for years. I was given my bonus 110,000 Crew Credits and blew them all on Cars and upgrades.  Read in tips that it is best to use these for buying more Perk Points ideally. I clicked to buy $50 Platinum CC 600,000 as a shortcut wimp,  not needed,  the forum is right, the game is VERY generous and you do not need to buy CCredits. I must have bought 75 cars in just a few days. If you study all aspects of the game and look at guides on You Tube, it is easy to make $. Find all those 30 Data Stations...did in couple hours.)Totally Hooked on this game."
,Recommended,241560,18298465,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Toxic Fuel,"I followed this game for quite a while before it came out. I was super psyched for a racing game with car customization in an open world, something Need for Speed had not done for a while at the time. However, I will admit that once it came out, I never really heard anything about it. It seems like I basically forgot. Then, a friend of mine got it and I ended up buying it on sale. Clearly, as you can see from my hours, I really have enjoyed this game. However, it has some quirks to it, and they aren't necessarily good. So, here's what I enjoyed about The Crew, and not so much.PROS:The Open World- I didn't realize just how big the map was until I really got into this game. It has, by far, the largest map out of any racing game I have played. I cannot compare it to FUEL simply because I have not played it, but it is bigger than every NFS game. And best of all? The map isnotrepetitive. You can drive from the swamps of the south to the deserts in the west, and have different scenery and small towns/cities in between. It mainly revolves around 5 major cities, and they are New York, Chicago, Miami, Las Vegas, and L.A. The developers certainly did their homework when it comes to the cities, and I applaud them for it. Even after 260 hours of gameplay, I still see places on the map I have not been, making the open world my favorite part of the game, by far.PvP- I find that the PvP is well done. You play in a lobby with up to 8 players at a time, who all choose exactly what event they want to do, and then the game randomly picks one of them. This includes events with any of the 5 specs. Some events are elimination, others regular races, and others a ""king of the hill"" type game. What's even better is the amount of in-game money you get from PvP. Even if you get last place, you still get nearly just as much money as the person in first, and this can make it enjoyable for anyone that plays. PvP is also one of the best ways to earn money. However, it still does matter what place you get, since therearePvP ranks in the game. The higher you place, the faster you rank up.The Graphics- Towards the end of 2015, a free update brought in new, updated graphics along with a weather system, which also includes slick roads after rain. This is all much better than before. I will admit, it does look more washed out than the previous graphics, but I can honestly go either way. I cannot quite handle the game at max settings, but on high-ultra this game looks very good.Car Selection- You can have (almost) anything, from a LaFerrari, to a Hummer H1 Alpha, to a Dodge Challenger. What I like is that the game has 5 different specs for most cars (some ranging from just 1 spec to all 5), which are Street, Dirt, Performance, Raid, and Circuit. Take, for example, the Challenger. It can have all 5 specs, so if you want to go on dirt roads with one, you hop into the dirt spec Challenger. If you want complete offroading, you go with raid. And if you want to take it to the track or go extremely fast on highways, you get the circuit spec, and so on. What's nice is that you only buy one Challenger, and as you progress through the game, you get it in each spec, so you technically have 5 Challengers.NEUTRAL:The Police- I always enjoy it when there is law enforcement in an open-world racing game. At this point, I think it should be mandatory. The Crew, of course, has police, but they are only decent. Nothing more and nothing less. Unfortunately, this is where Need for Speed does something better than The Crew. During a police chase, even with 5 stars, there will never be any more than 5 police cars at once pursuing you, which by the way, are quite easy to take out. The roadblocks are laughable, since they never use anything other than the cars that are pursuing you to block the road, so you can usually speed right through them, unlike NFS: Most Wanted, which eventually has SWAT trucks that basically force you to take another route. There are also no spike strips. While it still can be fun to get into chases and have a friend taking out cops for you, I believe it could be made significantly harder at 5 stars with the use of bigger vehicles and spike strips.Customization- I'm very thankful that The Crew actually has customization to begin with, but it is really lacking. For one, you cannot choose from any color in the spectrum; you just pick from a preset list of colors. Second, the decals are mostly terrible. I tend to use the same 10-15 decals on most cars, or sometimes not at all, because most of the others are just bad looking and don't seem to fit any vehicle. Granted, that is personal preference, but for someone who has played NFS:Most Wanted and Underground 2, those are far superior in customizing.CONS:Uplay- I think you saw this coming. Uplay is a requirement for The Crew, even if you buy it directly from Steam. Youmustdownload Uplay, and youmustcreate an account. Although it can run in the background for the most part, the matter of the fact is that it is extra DRM that no one really wants, and contributes to a longer startup time.The Story- Full of clichés and it being overall boring, the story is pretty much mandatory in order to reach level 50. The movie-like cutscenes in it are neat, but if you are like me, you'll do the story just to get it out of the way. The fun seems to come after it's over with.Closing ThoughtsDespite some big flaws, I have enjoyed this game a lot, and I would say it's in my top 5 racing games now. If you can look past the cons listed above, I easily recommend this game to anyone that enjoys racing games, or is looking to try the genre in general. The game is a blast with a couple friends, especially doing the races that can take over an hour, or just going for a cruise. The Crew earns an 8/10 for me. And if The Crew 2 lives up to its hype, I don't doubt that I'll be buying it right off."
76561198085576937,Not Recommended,241560,23921990,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,victor-williams,Uplay server is not available at this time please try again later. I try again and again a again...... The same message over and over again   ERROR code #0_1  — #0_35 error also ........... The Crew Error!! #0_35   The Crew Error!! #0_35  The Crew Error!! #0_35  you pay money but you cannot play this game
,Not Recommended,241560,22064450,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,seb,"It's a bloody mess.I have to admit that I fell for the ""we'll listen to the community feedback"" lie, genuinely thinking that this game would go in the right direction.But it didn't. It went straight into a DLCfest.The season pass doesn't grant you access to all the paid content, Wildrun isn't part of it, and on top of that, it costs almost as much as the game itself.Plus, it gives so little content that it makes no sense to pay that much: a bunch of bikes, new specs made with recycled and/or slightly edited assets and a new gamemode which should be competitive, but in reality it's just about who glitches the most.The physics are broken, the cars don't feel alright at all. The steering capabilities also differ depending on input peripheral, with DirectInput ones having increased precision and steering radius, while keyboard and Xinput pads users get impaired controls. This issue hasn't been fixed, despite being a hot topic on the game's forums.Vehicles aren't many for today's standards and they're terribly unbalanced. While updates fix the handling of some cars, all they do is changing the current kings. On top of that, bikes seem to dominate in almost any spec and they're locked behind a paywall. Despite the major outcry on the forums for more balance, nothing seems to have changed yet. Moreover, the engine sounds are terrible.The only saving graces of this game are the graphics and the game world."
,Recommended,241560,14173764,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,DriftNinjaElite,"Although i don't have as much playtime on this as some others, there is a lot to be said about the first impression of the game.Pros:Maps are richly detailed, i actually had to turn down settings so it wouldn't lag as much.Cars are nicely detailed, drivers side view allows you to look from side to side just like in real life.Good number of players aroundRacing is fun, although this has its own mechanics and an entirely arcade feel. It essentially feels like an early NFS title in how it handles. Think Underground 2 or Hot Pursuit 2.Cons:Glitchy! Sometimes you can ram a car hard, and the game will act like it was just a scratch, other times you will tap a car on the side lightly, and crash as if you rammed them. Speed of hit does not seem to matter.Microtransactions : YES, this does have microtransactions, although i do not see the need to buy cash unless you want to progress faster. It isn't quite as bad as i have seen in many games with a pay2win aspect.Not worth the base value. I waited for this to go on sale, do not buy this at full price. I don't think this is worth $60 let alone $85 for the Gold.Uplay: You must log in via Ubisoft's Uplay platform seperatly or make an account with them.Hackers and Griefers: Don't bother with the leaderboards.Handling: Normal racing mechanics do not seem to apply in this game.If you can get past the cons, there is some fun to be had in exploring and doing missions. Personally, i enjoy what i have played so far. Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,241560,14784228,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Pancakes the Dog,"Game is shoddy at best. Another blatant cash grab by Ubisoft. Ubisoft deserves to go bankrupt at this point. I would be okay with this game if it weren't for the process used to level up your cars. You need to do challenges to gain better parts, but the reward system is an ubelievable level of stupid. Rewards are randomized so it doesn't matter if you barely scraped out a platinum or absolutley crushed the challenges. What you're gonna get is complete chance. It'd be like going into work on payday and getting payed the exact same as that ♥♥♥♥♥ Debrah from accounting, you know the ♥♥♥♥♥ who doesn't do any of the work, ♥♥♥♥s around in the break room for hours at a time, yet still gets payed exactly the same. This game reminds me of Debrah. You remember when you were a kid and you wanted your Dad to read you a bedtime story and he was all like ""Not now I just got home from work,""? But you kept pestering him until he agreed and then when he read it it was like ""Mary had a little lamb. The end."" That's what this story is like. In short, I'd rather have a dart frog ejaculate his venomous♥♥♥♥♥into my ear canal than play anymore of this game."
,Not Recommended,241560,17850542,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,MatVeiQaaa,"Ubisoft is even worse then EA. So, let me explain: The game itself cost 30 bucks, then you must pay 25 more dollars to get the DLC cars, AND THEN (yeah, thats not it) you must pay about 40 more ""greens"" to get another half of the game, with many new cars, game-changing specs of the cars, and many-many things. That half of the game named ""The Wild Run"", which is a DLC, coming pretty soon to the market. So, after some simple calculations we get a FULL game for about 90 bucks! Great job Ubisoft!Now about the game itself. Yes its kinda good, but after you drove a little, completed the story mode, got EVERY car in the game in EVERY spec, drove the whole map, discovered tons of the bugs, like wall-breach and go-underwater bug, some skill races in top-50, you got basically nothing left to do.So the conclusion, should you buy it or not.Well, there is a litteraly a few people, like me, who can truly love it and fall into addiction, who think that the freeroam, huge map and 72 cars is enough (though i never felt like there is so much, and was actually shocked when i got that fact, as the cars feel pretty much similiar). If you want to risk, as its CAN be on of your favourite games, go ahead and buy ""Trial"" version for just 30 USD, and then decide if you ready to pay same to fall into that game for some hours more."
,Recommended,241560,11910312,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,EVO (how to fix turbo lag),"Amazing game. Being a huge car lover, and a fan of racing, The Crew is the dream of someone wanting to have a driving game that will keep them entertained. I spent countless hours with a friend of mine just driving and messing around. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes racing games and cars in general. The MMO aspect is well integrated. Major props to the designers."
76561197961415543,Recommended,241560,14156018,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hydrothermia,"I've always been a fan of racing games. Doesn't matter what type or style it entailed. The Crew has its good and its bad. Lets go with the bad first.The only real negatives I can personally give is once you hit level 50 and can get Platinum level cart parts it's a straight crap shoot at getting a level 50 car part. This is my biggest complaint. It's purely random, meaning you might get it on the first try or not get it for fifty tries or more. Also on the car parts that you ""unlock"", which allows you to buy the car part on another car instead of having to Story/Skills missions for the same part is restricted to which car spec you use when you unlocked that car part so if you get it through a Street spec car you can only buy it on a Street spec car, Any other car spec you will have to unlock seperately.The car assists are split into three types, all assist, sport, and hardcore. None of which can be changed for what you want or don't want when driving. This is mildly annoying, but it also knows if you're using a controller or a steering wheel. Avoid using a keyboard if all possible with this game.The NPC cars in Faction missions and the Police are cheaters, to put it as nice as possible, since it doesn't matter what surface they're driving on they will never lose any traction. The Police are lacking in the sense of you can drive by them at ridiculous speeds and run red lights/stop signs and they do not attempt to chase you. The only way to get a police chase is to either run into them or cause enough collateral damage during a Police Watch to trigger them into chasing you. Maybe this can be patched later to make them more like actual cops.The car selection is nice, it isn't on Gran Turismo or Forza level, but it's sufficient. Overall the customization isn't bad either. Visual car aestetics are fairly wide until you get to Raid and Circuit specs (Since they are only color, sticker, tag, and rims options.) Again it isn't at the level of being able to make your own designs and putting them on your car. (I know why, mostly in the sense of people making poorly designed gentailia...) There are enough stickers and color variety to not run into same design, unless everyone in your session is obsessed with The Fast & the Furious.The achievements can be entertaining in their title and down right fun to do depending on the prerequistes.This game isn't for the simulator type player, it plays more to your Test Drive, Need for Speed and Burnout types. Even the adventerer in you will find it fun to be able to drive across the United States finding known landmarks throughout. The story isn't anything new, but it was still fun to watch and have some sort of cinematics and build some level of character developement for the people you add to your crew over the course of your exploits.Oh, make sure you have some friends too, this is far more fun with people you know than driving it alone. At the end of the opening credits it says, ""Never Drive Alone"" and for good reason. Despite the flaws in this game I still see more posistive than negative, but what do I know since I'm the same guy that's been playing APB/APB:R for 3+ years. :)"
,Recommended,241560,13213373,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Professor Respect,"Imagine a better, more fun need for speed rivalsthis is 1000x better than that ^drive cars, get loot, do missions, free drive, gotta get em vistas"
,Recommended,241560,13198473,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,|RUS| CrazyOPEX,"Поиграв немного... The Crew я увидил игре обширный тюнинг, и большой парк лицензированных автомобилей. Также здесь имеется открытая ""большая карта"" Соединенные Штаты Америки. Истории гонок не было такого окружающее пространство без предзагрузки локаций :) Игра не даст оторваться ни на минуту где можно с друзьями весело и приятно провести время, участвуя в различных видах гонок или сможешь соперничать с различными игроками со всего мира, а можно просто покататься по штатам посмотреть достопримечательности здесь их хватает. Если ты жить не можешь без ежедневной порции драйва, тебя бесплатно перенесут в мир, где царствуют азарт и скорость. Советую поиграть всем!Моя оценка: 10/10"
76561198220476833,Not Recommended,241560,21142126,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Mr_F4hr3nheit,"I bought the Crew, THE FULL GAME ONLY, and got a DEMO. This is ILLEGAL. I would like a full refund, and am certain I will not get it. Because let's face it. THIS IS UBISOFT WE ARE TALKING ABOUT. They would kill their mothers for a nickel."
76561198120681299,Not Recommended,241560,19534783,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DeCrowen,"Release the game then release the dlc same price as game and ask dlc for everyhing in the game. Yeah, I'm sure that will work.."
,Not Recommended,241560,20149116,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,thb199mine,all i bought was the crew for £24.99 and IT SAYS ITS THE TRIAL SO ITS telling me to spend more money to play more
76561198253520366,Recommended,241560,21628499,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,RealBernhard,cool
,Recommended,241560,13437095,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,matvee,"This game is very fun and will take away many hours of your life.I don't know if this is just me but I would like every car to behave and cost as much as the car does in real life. For example, the Bentley Conitinental Supersports accelerated from 0-60 in 3.4 seconds in real life, but in the game its only 4 seconds.Also one thing I really dislike is that when there is a 2 part mission, if you start it complete the first part and fail the second part, then exit the mission entireley you cannot restart from the part that you left off.This game is very good but needs some  mandatory tweaks"
76561198071603186,Recommended,241560,13210315,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Kokono,"I beta tested the game on the PC 2ed beta  for a few hours and it has improved from that. I have just finished getting to level 50 (max) and played through the whole story.The problems with this game are:You have to be connected to the server to playReally??? Is their a time when you wont have the internet and still be able to run this game because most laptops will not run this game and the data rates are low enough.Extreme rubber banding AIThe AI can be pretty easily fixed because it was already fine in the beta so all they have to do is find a balance between the beta and the official game  AI.server issuesWell it is only day 2 now so you can expect to see improvements soonMISSING VEHICLES AND SPECS THAT WERE IN THE BETA!I don't even know?! How can you have more cars and specs for them and not put in your official launch game when they were in the BETA! THIS BETTER NOT BE A PLOY TO GET MORE DLC INTO THE GAME! I am hopeful that their were issues with them and they will be adding them in the game (FOR FREE) when the time comes.Maybe handling issues!?!I say this because I don't think players understand how these vehicles work.Full stock= SlideyStreet= Not as slidey and fasterDirt = Slower made for trails/driftyPerformance= Gripey 2ed fastest highway/streetRaid= trucks that raid any where and are slowestCircuit= Grip mobile fastest highway/flat roads with some twistsYou see alot of people only had access to level 10 in the beta witch is only the top 3 specs and they were saying it was like ""driving on ice"" Each car handles different in the different spec and each spec has their own general handling so their is a lot of leeway in how the cars handle, not to mention the small upgrades for the vehicles in game that affect handling.Having played lots of racing games (simulator/arcade) it is defntly more toward the arcade side but it does have a wide range of different types oF driving.These are the most persistent and worst issues of the game but all of it can be fixed through patches and updates, only time will tell if they will attempt to fix these issues.The good?Map beautiful and  huge with fast travel to anywhere you have been NEAR !A good selection of vehicles just not a huge spectrum (needs companies like DMC, Tesla, Hennessy and a few others that are part of American history (THE GAME IS ABOUT AMERICA more American cars please!) )All kinds of exploring4 player/ multi-playerFree content updatesCurrently 48 vehicles with different specs for each (HOPEFUL MORE WITH UPDATES AND NOT DLC AS THEIR IS ALREADY TO MUCH DLC)This game works well with wheels (Has used the logitech driving force gt (was $120 new) for the whole playthrough but I recomend the logitech g27 if you can afford it $200)etc.Those of you that this is more of a money issue i would just wait untill its on sale but if you like mixed racers want to explore with friends or new people and have the pc to run this game well, get it.I enjoy the game for what it is worth and I hope that if you do buy it you enjoy it as well.  $ 85 (game+dlc) is a lot for a title I just hope my purchase and hopes were not misplaced.oh and uplay still sucks and it always will!  (you need it to run the game)"
,Recommended,241560,13313694,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,NewUnit,"I do like this game but there are still way to many things to fix. Cop AI isn't very bright, but when they are driving on your sides, you're screwed. There is no way out of that the cop cruisers refuse to move, not like a car would act normally.Also the difficulty for some missions is so artificial its angering. Most of the time, your car level needs to be well over the recomemded level because there are always 1-2 cars that just fly ahead of you and stay ahead of you. Also i noticed when a friend of a much higher level helps a much lower, the opposing racers are on par with the high level friend. Wait what?! At this point the lower level is better off on his own. The opposing AI car levels still have a low number but match speed with the high level pretty much throughout the whole race.I know the big map is great and all, but its not 20 miles from Miami to Chicago. At least make it more reasonable.Amidst all this backlash, I still recomend this game. For those who play it like a game not like something of a speed run. Which is what about half of the other people are complaining about."
,Recommended,241560,21403283,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Ahmed el-Jaheeb,"The Crew is a very fun game, spiritual successor to Test Drive Unlimited 1 and 2. A very unique racing game. You're given some missions, money and access to a ton of cars where you can freely drive around a giant open world with a lot of variation. You have snowy area's complete with a lack of grip, the Nevada desert and the urban areas of NYC. All this while meeting a ton of players along the way which make roadtrips very fun.However, there are definite downsides. The game is pretty arcadey, steering wheel support is not that good, there's some really weird things. For example: bikes can push cars out of the way.All in all I'd still recommend the game for it is truly a unique game."
,Recommended,241560,21430339,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,LinkJMA,"TL;DR - I'd recommend picking it up when it goes on sale or if you know you've got friends to play it with, as the campagin is hopelessly short and there's not much endgame content without the Wild Run DLC. Still incredibly enjoyable if you like cars, exploration, or customization.-Cars. There's a lot of them, a wide variety of real life brands, and there's some pretty extensive visual customization for almost all of them.-Microtransactions exsist, but almost all of them are shortcuts that you can eventually reach in the base game, or are simply visual components.-It's always online, but I've never experienced any server difficulties.- Geography is completely boned up, but many of the cities or landscapes capture the essence of the town they smulate. Someone living in San Francisco won't recognize many streets, but it still feels like the city.- Game sometimes can seem empty. Civilian foot traffic is low in cities, and occasionally traffic is sparse.-Devlopers are still actively involved and relasing content, so that's pretty cool.The storyline is the video game equivalent of a wet piece of toast - bland, uninspiring, and so generic that you completely forget about it. There's some pretty cringey dialogue, some pretty bad voice acting, and your protagonist is an unrelatable walking cliche. Once you hit the cap of level 50, it's a short MMO-style grind to max out your car, and then it seems like you're done with the game.This is when the Wild Run DLC becomes a lfiesaver. It introduces weekly and monthly challenges against other people, inspiring you to come back again and again. It adds real end game content, and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,241560,13340485,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Nikita,"So afterEurogamer.netgave it a 8/10, I decided to give the game ago with a buddy of mine. Holy crap I did not expact to have this much fun.  First things first, the game is an arcade racer. Don't expect anything along the lines of Gran Turismo et al. The game handles like ye'olde typical arcade game. Honestly, that is a good thing. I have Asetto Corsa to fill the enthusiast needs.It has been quite a while since I've enjode an arcade racer. Actually, the last time I remember having this much fun was with ""Ultim@te Race"".  I am only a few hourse in, so here is why I like the game in a nutshell:1. Pretty/adequate graphics.2. Runs like butter. Fast 60fps no stutters,,,,nuttin. Considering how bad Unity and Watch Dogs was I am pleasantly surprised.3. Huge game world , which means while you do the typical race activities, the tracks are diverse and fresh.4. The coop is fun. Just plain fun.5. The RPG like mechanics keep you going in a ""just on more upgrade"" kinda way. It is fun to see all those players driving around you all the time. Makes the world feel alive.This game is certainly not for everyone, but if you, like me, just want to play an arcade racer with your buddies.....then give it a try....at least when it is on sale.  So far I am not regretting paying full price though.That being said, I did loose connection with the servers once every hour. Which is a minor annoyance."
,Not Recommended,241560,19326475,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DrScrambles,"The story is complete crap, however the racing is pretty good...but the story just flat out sucks."
,Not Recommended,241560,20284841,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Chips,You cant start it . Not wery good . Plz Ubisoft Solve the Problem
,Recommended,241560,30227262,Posted: 27 February,all,steeleybaws,"Overall it's quite a decent driving game, good fun.Except that collision boxes on NPC vehicles are rather broken...And that the NPCs have to be the stupidest drivers ever, they don't exactly move out of the way (I think theyre fixed on rails until something hits them)...And that you lose connection to the servers a lot...And that there's a bug where you can't see people in your crew when their nametag is right next to you...And that an NPC police car can go faster than a McLaren 12C doing 250mph...But its made by Ubisoft so what did you expect? Oh and also it's a complete rip off on Steam (psst use an external site, you can get it for 6quid *wink*)But to be perfectly honest if you don't mind a few problems here and there it's a decent driving game.Having full customisation on your vehicles is brilliant, earning money is pretty easy, and actually has a pretty decent story line.Graphically it's brilliant, full max settings at 1080p (16x AA etc.) on a gtx1060 6GB it never drops below 60FPS.Gonna give it a 7.5/10, the good parts outweigh the bad, would recommend."
,Recommended,241560,26078285,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,GrizzlyOne95,"Haven't beaten the game yet, but so far I really enjoy it. Since I upgraded my CPU to an i5 4690, I no longer stutter and lag which makes it extremely enjoyable. The world is beautiful, the cars are beautiful, the mechanics are, ok, arcade-y or not realistic, but that's ok. If I wanted to play a simulator I'd do that. I really like the huge world aspect, it makes the game much more interesting to explore and drive around on.Only complaints I have are the confusing methods to upgrade and decorate your car. It took me hours to figure out how to simply change the paint on my car, and where to go to get upgrades or visual changes. I also wish I could get much cooler cars sooner, like Ferrari's, Lambo's, etc. For now I'm still stuck with the Nissan for 10 hours, whereas in NFS Rivals I could afford a top of the line car by 10 hours.Anyway, pretty fun game, and I'll probably get the Calling All Units DLC this November!"
,Recommended,241560,33339274,Posted: 7 July,all,ArchiiLV,One of the best racing games i ever had
76561198228871580,Recommended,241560,25669167,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,BIGG BO$$,"Awesom game, but i finnished the story-mode in 9h. And now its kinda boring...Hope they do something with that"
76561198130042973,Recommended,241560,25206059,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lord Commander,"Enourmous map, decent story, lots of challenges, 5 mystery vehicles, and massive community. It's pretty much Need for Speed World with bigger map and better grapphics. if you're looking for a game that both will challenge your skills and kill your time, this might be one of your options."
,Not Recommended,241560,13944025,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,XwIIcK,"Sucks, all the potential in this game and it does not meet any of them..and the support with problems like crashing and others are not there at all.not worth a penny.Ubisoft can burn."
76561198289023642,Recommended,241560,31609135,Posted: 7 May,all,namantanwar13,"FOR ALL INDIANSI got the game for 250 INR with 50% discount. I don't understand what is wrong with the current pricing of 1800 , while the taxes have just increased 15% . I'd recommend you wait till they sort this out ."
,Recommended,241560,16391257,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,𝖓𝖊𝖎𝖌𝖍𝖇𝖔𝖚𝖗,I have a lambo like that.
,Recommended,241560,13195194,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Menin Gate,"Woah, if Burnout Paradise, Forza Horizon and NFS Most Wanted had a 3some and♥♥♥♥♥♥out a baby, it would be this GEM."
,Recommended,241560,11916179,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Antraxo,Really good game made by Ubisoft I had doubts first but the driving is really good and the Force Feedback on my Wheel (Thrustmaster T500) was well done. I enjoyed the beta and I'm looking forward for the whole game. Driving down highways while blasting good music was big fun and the story seems okay too. Looking good so far.If you like driving games and games where you can tune your car like in the old days of Need For Speed Underground (Visually etc) this is a game to look for.
76561198152400554,Recommended,241560,13830354,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SuperGanet,"I had just finished the story mission. The game is great but not perfect. Graphic is good, map is huge and the sceneries are beautiful. I was quite enjoy the long journey drive, driving across main land of USA. I learnt USA geography from the game.As I mentioned the game is not perfect. What made me drove crazy is the handling. It is really suck! I have upgraded my raid car level to 1100, but I still feel difficult to control the car. The car easily slides to roadside when cornering. The game physics is suck as well. When the car hits the rock, just small rock, the car jump. ~_~# !  I was once noticed the AI opponent drove into river but suddenly appeared in front of my car  few seconds later.Anyway, The Crew, for me is still a good game. I will recommend to my friends."
,Recommended,241560,13288099,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Zubre,"I really like this game, and i see people comparing The Crew with TDU2 (Test Drive Unlimited 2) and these are not compareble because they are very, very different. The Crew is about your crew, its about exploring the world, its about driving your fully tuned circuit spec through the desert at 400+ km/h. Its about the community, beating records, driving together and completing insane faction races. But it is sertainly not without flaws, the AI is either the best driver ever completely ignoring the laws of physics like not needing to brake and drive 300+km/h through a 90 degree corner, or it will drive into every car and object available.Cons and prosCons:- Bad/unpredictable/unreliable AI- Few cars and brands- Bugs causing the game to crash (example: while browsing your collection theres a high chance of crashing)- Uplay (Let us choose between steam or Uplay)- Can be extremely difficult due to AI- And some minor stuff like: no big rewardsPros:- Great handling cars (trucks vs muscle vs sport cars etc feel very different)- Great graphics (though there's a bit too much lensflare sometimes)- Amazing attention to detail, lots of npc's and wildlife- Massive world to explore- Lots of stuff to do when you're not running through the campain- Different types of vehicle specs- Random moments which make you laugh your♥♥♥♥♥of with your friendsIf i were to rate it i'd give it 8/10.Even though there are bugs and the AI is a bit weird, its a great and fun game to play with your friendsHint: Ubiflop, if you delive anything less than 6+ cars when you release the dlc, i will nuke your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,241560,13300063,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,YOU SMART,"So after reading some of the top reviews for this game I want to throw in my 2 cents.IS DIS A SIM RACUR?No, the driving mechanic is very realistic, but it is very much an arcade racer, don't knock it for not being a sim when it's not trying to be.AMURICAN UGLEH MUSCLE CARZZ!!!!!211211!!!!The game is kinda based in America though.DA MAP IS SO TINEY!!!1!It took me over two hours in real life to drive across it, and that was the fastest route I could take, no detours.DA STORYLINE IZ bAD!!!!It's a racing game, has any racing game ever had a decent story?I KANT KUSTUMIZE ME CHARACTRYeah, because you can customize the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your carTDU2>CREWLol are you kidding me? And TDU2 had such a GREEEAAAT story. And such a GREEEAT physics engine/handling model. That game was a joke, I'm starting to wonder if people launched that on accident.UBI$OFT MICROTRANSACTIONS HURRRRRREverything you can get from microtransactions is attainable with in game money, obviously DLC cars won't be but almost every game has that even. You can complain about microtransactions all you want, they aren't going away.SURVURS ALWAYZ DOWN!I haven't seen the servers down once and I've been playing since launch day, I also played in the closed beta, never saw it then either.I'm not saying it's a perfect game, I'm saying everyone is expecting a full fledged simulator when The Crew never set out to be that, it's revolutionary in the fact that there are so many different ways to customize your car, street, offroad, etc etc etc. I mean seriously somebody listed no working turn signals as a con, that's so petty.Yeah, the mirrors don't have reflection and some of the shifting animations are fudged, sometimes the character will act like there's a paddle shift and there isn't which leaves him changing gears by swatting the air. As far as I can tell not enough people even use manual transmissions in game to care about shifting animations.Overall this is an incredibly fun game with enough to keep me coming back for a while. I paid full price for it and I don't regret it.EDIT: 12/17I saw the servers go down once a few days ago, they were down for all of 15 minutes. Yeah I was butthurt but it was pretty quick. I'm still enjoying the game but there are a couple more annoyances.PvP is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ everybody has full driving assists on and never even has to think, they go careening off walls and guard rails and beat you by 4+ seconds while you're taking care to not hit anything.The factions are odd, there's 5(I think) factions in the game but only 2 or 3 actually have people. I just so happened to put myself on one of the ones with a significant lack of people and it takes me 20+ minutes to find a PvP match for the faction v faction mode. I honestly don't see why they put so many factions in the game.Uplay's ""drivehub"" is showing me news from 1-15-2015 lolEDIT NUMBER 2 12/17I'm gonna try and stop looking at the other reviews for this game, I just saw somebody complain that it is difficult to get a gold medal on challenges. LOL GIT GUD, THERES ALSO PLATINUM MEDALS IF YOU ACTUALLY WOULD PUT MORE THAN 2 HOURS INTO THE GAME. The challenges are exactly what they should be, CHALLENGING. ♥♥♥♥ing hell, you all want to be spoon fed yet you don't like the idea of microtransactions.Speaking of microtransactions, it's not like I can go buy the best parts right off the bat with real life money, I would first have to earn the part with a car, the spend real life money to put it on a TOTALLY DIFFERENT car. So in essence, I'd be spending my money to make another car just as good as one I actually earned the parts with. Yeah you can buy cars outright with real  money but without parts it doesn't matter. People are just being way too critical of this game because Ubisoft. I bet they turn around and call Far Cry 4 GOTY though...Edit 3 1/9So after getting over 120 hours and not seeing myself stopping I thought I'd throw out another update.I've seen the servers down here and there, they're fixed within 20 minutes though.I have one friend who everytime we try to crew up, it doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing work, so we have his brother get on and crew us up. (Until they patched that a couple days ago)Ubi announced they're going to fix mirror reflections, I hope you're all happy.First DLC coming out in a week, they'll be keeping that pace for about a year, supposedly.They're also fixing the biggest gripe, the AI chase catchup whatever you want to call it, it's getting patched next week, so basically every review for this game becomes null and void.>Everyone's face when Ubi is listening and patching♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198030176685,Not Recommended,241560,13204779,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Kaustek,"I thouroughly enjoyed this game when it was available for the BETA; now I don't.Ubisoft has failed on a majority of its launches this year, this game is not an exception.Off road physics are the worst I have ever seen.Taking out cars is more frustrating than filling out your taxes; the opponent always shoots up to 200 miles an hour when you get within inches of taking them out.The reward system gives bronze for EVERYTHING.All the starting cars are muscle and a Nissan. *Yawn*I picked up the season pass and you can throw a Ferrari into that group. hooray...So far, honestly, the game is not very enjoyable.I do have a few friends to free roam with (the main reason I will keep playing this game) that enjoy it more than I, however, this game was much better during the BETA."
,Recommended,241560,13337263,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,SirVinny_megagamer,"Overall, the game is fun but it is pretty basic. The story is nothing new but it's nice to have one that isn't crap. The amount of cars is almost embarrasing(at around 35-45) and the ""specs"" don't count as new cars like they want you to think. The sound of the cars are alright but the radio is absolute crap, better off turning it off and making an itunes or youtube playlist of actual good songs. The graphics are alright but pretty bad for how it runs(not too bad for an ubisoft title, if you play far cry 4 on low at 1080p 30fps, you will most likely play on medium at 1080p 25fps in high vegitation, detailed areas, 45 in cities with a good traffic flow, and 60 in bland, emptyish areas).In the end, the story is bland but decent, the cars are good in general, the graphics are disappointing but not as bad as most games(*cough*watchdogs)."
,Recommended,241560,13259314,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Lemnaru'600,"From all the endless possibilities you have, i've chosen to obey traffic rules.11/10 would break the law again"
,Not Recommended,241560,13508291,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[Mush]Mspaint,"BEFORE I STARTED PLAYING THIS HOW WAS MY FEELING OF THE GAMEim not into car games (maybe cause i suck at them), but had to try the new ""mmo star"" from ubisoft (i dont like ubisoft much as company when it comes to multiplayer and patching, seems like the just fish after wallet money and move to next projekt.) But had to try this oneWHEN I TRIED IT HOW CAN IT BE COMPARED TO THE HYPE I HAD:i had a OK feel, i knew at once i will grow tired of doing the repetetive missions and boring main story. its a game i log into and feel i play alone, like need for speed. I really wanted to like it .TOP 3 I LIKE1. graphics are stunningly beutiful2. good driving mechanics and lot of stuff to do3. learning curve is easyTOP 3 I DONT LIKE1. repetetive2. world feels so lonely3. felt the story where very dull..So overall points by me given are 1/10 where 10 is max.Multiplayer experience: 1/10 (played with a friend in party and not good, also PVP endgame is worthless with ques for 15 min for a round where the best car wins..)Graphics: 10/10Developer update game: 5/10Developer informing us about their team and state of game: 5/10IS THE GAME WORTH IT?i have to say NO on this one, since you have to pay a steep price for this ""single player"" game and yet there are micro transactions in it... ohh godits very repetetive and will be forgotten by me fast..My pc specs.Screen: BenQ 27"" 3D LED XL2720Z (1920x1080, 144Hz, 1ms, 12m:1, VGA/DVI/2xHDMI/DP)AMD FX (tm)-8350 Eight-Core Processor (8 CPUs), -4.0GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 770 (4gb Memory)24576MB Memory- Mspaint out"
,Not Recommended,241560,19580313,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Flirtbender - meister,"PLEASE DONT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ THERE IS A LOT OF BUGS,ERRORS IN THIS GAME AND PEOPLE CANT PLAY THIS ANYMORE CAUSE OF SOME ERROR. MY FRIENDS HAS 16 GB RAM 3 GB VRAM AND I7 WITH OVERCLOCK 3.7. AND UBISOFT DIDNT FIX IT. PLEASE JUST DONT BUY"
,Not Recommended,241560,19684927,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Riley,Fun for the first 15 seconds
76561198244891464,Not Recommended,241560,22080093,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,charlestblankenship,The Crew is just a trail version what a scam. You cant even play the game without dlc.
76561198097765125,Not Recommended,241560,19446336,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,The Cool Table,Bought the gold edition when the game came out thinking I would get all the future content for free since it came with a season pass...but i guess all future content doesn't include the Wild Run Xpac.  :( Can't justify another $25 on a game i already paid $90 for...
76561198057833188,Not Recommended,241560,19145656,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Nick Chronic,At release the game ran smooth 60fps but now it runs horrible and its a stutter fest (I7 & 980 on SSD)
,Not Recommended,241560,19758159,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,The Chameleon,"Don't buy it if you doubt Ubisoft. I have been struggling for a week to get Uplay to work, even just on its own and I still haven't found a solution. Any website with info on the startup crash is two years old and irrelevant. If I could get past that problem I would probarbly recommend this game, but not until Ubisoft sorts out their Uplay ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,241560,24251258,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,User2152,"Problem with exehelper.exe, not a really good game from ubisoft, Division run heavier than The Crew but it not crash because exehelper.exe.I dont know what happen but idont really few good to pre-order the next game wich Tom Clancy's Wild Land, it may have the same problem.Ubisoft, there are still connectiong and system problem in all ubisoft game so i recommend buy when the game out so you can download then check if yes or no so you have about 2 weeks to refund.P.S: it an awsome games to try it out if you could play so i recommend to try."
,Recommended,241560,13233450,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Swine,It's good.
,Recommended,241560,14672757,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,IndraPrastha,++ Cars FTW++ Beauty Largest Maps++ Nice Handling++ Absolutly Fun Driving Around Super Large Maps++ Beauty Dash-- No Working Mirror's On Cockpit ViewsSuitable for people Who's Love's Driving Around like i doNonSuitable for people who's love circuits gameplays
,Recommended,241560,13211231,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,naby keita,♥♥♥♥ yo game i cant even start the game stupid ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241560,13259540,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Rd'Evilemerold,"Finally a good old Need for Speed like game!This game is a really good game. The Crew is a Open World Racing Game with MMO and Coop features.You get into the role of a racer named Alex who gets pretty much trouble with the group 5-10 of his brother. After his death you are on the way to get revenge!Pls dont be too angry to me and my language. I´m not the best in writing english, but i want to tell you my opinion of this game, because it deserves to be telled of :)Short Version- Graphics: 7 / 10- Performance: 10 / 10- Storytelling: 7 / 10- Possibilitys: 10 / 10- Server-Onlinetime: 9 / 10►Total Grade: 9 / 10Long VersionGraphicsThe Graphics of this game are pretty good and well done for a racing game being that big. But compared to other titles released today not the best and detailed one. Not saying that they are almost perfect for a game like this, its still not the best it could be.Shader is well done, also the Antialising. Textures are well but not that detailed and a little bit ""spongy"" if you are looking close to them. However, its a well done composition of textures and it´s nice for the eye.7 / 10PerformanceDue to the fact, that this game has a dang big world to explore and the graphics are pretty nice the performance is incredible. I was surprised that this game runs on a very low quality computer of a friend very stable and well.You got almost every time the amount of fps you loocked in the options. (30 or 60)Nothing more to add. Perfect performance for a game like this and for a game of this generation.10 / 10StorytellingThe game has a OK story but it is pretty long and has it plots and twists. Short cutscenes, short dialogs.I´d had it rated lower if it does´t have a playtime like this. If you play casual you can come through the story in something like 25 - 30 hours which is very long for singleplayer/or coop story without using the extra things and PvP a long time.7 / 10PossibilitysThe Crew offers a veeery big world to explore. To get from the west to the eastcoast you are driving something like 2-3 hours if you are fast. Also you got additional to the Storyraces and PvPstuff a tons of tests/skill mini missions where you can test your skills in some small disciplins. Escape fast, drive fast on a road, climb a hill and so on. If you want to get through everything you are going to have some 100 hours.In addition The Crew offers a very good Tuning system. Optic tuning is back in business in a little bit smaller version of the ""Need for Speed Underground 2"" tuning possibilitys. Front, Back, Enginecover, Side, inside the car, outside the car, vinyls and weels. You can change many things in the optic again which is a must have for racing games in my opinion.The powertuning is a little bit different. You get stuff after completing Missions and Skilltests. The bigger the level and the better you are, the better the stuff will be you are adding to your car. Later on you can get ""Platinum-Rank"" in every mission and skilltest which offers good stuff for your car in every skilltest and mission, the lowlevel ones and the highlevel ones.There is a good variation of cars in this game, however i miss a little bit the cheap streetcars like in the beginning of Underground 2 which you had to tune from zero to hero. You start with a little bit besser ""level"" of cars. You can find tiles and build secret cars and you can buy cars from the carstores. In the end you will have a variation of something like 40-50 cars i guess.Big world, finally good tuning, many missions and extras. Its a racing game we waited for years to release.10 / 10Server OnlinetimeSadly its an only online racing game which palys on a big Ubisoft server. (Or some servers, i dont know, you cant choose). You will put together with players in one session who are your ubisoft friends and who are on the same story-progression like you are.So you will see allways your friends and possible helpers for your mission.Servers are very stable in my eye. However, some disconnects happened to be true, but these didnt happen very often and i could play most of the time.9 / 10Total GradeIf we put everything together and a little bit of my personal grad we will get this grade which is in my eye a true one. Pls dont forget to Comment if you have another opinion or want to add something :)9 / 10[/b]- Evilemerold"
,Recommended,241560,13261401,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Undercover Potato,This game is Burnout Paradise and Dirt rolled into one times 10. This game's feel is great and the controls are very easy to learn. I would recommend this to all racing fans.
76561198047790552,Recommended,241560,13329040,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Nget,9/10. I will not rate this game 10/10 because my laptop suck.
76561198117483822,Recommended,241560,13456179,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dragon {Rus},That's great! I like this game very much.
,Recommended,241560,14949104,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Fuszion,"I would like to start off with the biggest reason I even recommend this game is because it is the closest thing we PC gamers have to Midnight Club L.A.I love and hate this game!What is does right, it does right! What is does wrong, it really does it wrong!I will only list the things wrong and missing in the game. It has everything else in my opinion!1. This is possibly the biggest one for me and I don’t really know why! The side and rearview mirrors don’t work! WHAT THE HELL WERE THEY THINKING! Almost every racing game has working mirrors!Racing games on mobile, last gen systems even the PS2 AND PS1 racing games had working mirrors!This seriously needs to be fixed!2. Not enough races or race types! There are plenty of street challenges… -_-There are so few races that I forget I’m playing a RACING GAME sometimes!3. Damage on cars are overdone in some places and underdone in others!If I hit a leaf, my whole front end looks like I hit a tree at 200mph! But glass wont break or even crack even if I roll my car! This just seems lazy!4. Textures look good on your cars and most of the environments. It’s not what you would expect from a next gen graphics game, but they look good. And with the size and scope of the game I would think they look amazing! Where is the bad? EVERY SINGLE PEDESTRIAN CAR AND THE PEDESTRIANS WALKING DOWN THE STREET! I have seen better textures on the PS2! I swear I am not exaggerating! They look horrible!!!I can’t even begin to figure out why they thought this was OK!5. Now on to the little things. No neon lights. Why is this a big deal? It is and isn’t. I like neon’s, what can I say? But in a game that is supposed to be an MMO, you need to have more customization!6. No window tints.7. Very limited on body parts.8. The game has a lot of rims to choose from, but 90% of them all look the same!9. Cant paint parts different colors.10. The performance parts system is kind of wack! Look it up on YouTube.11. Not a lot of cars to choose from. But at least they had my Skyline!12. Its structured as a F2P type game. Now that wouldn’t be such a problem if it weren’t for the fact that they are selling it for $60. Plus I have played some F2P racing games that felt more complete than this game that had WORKING MIRRORS! (Sorry, but I’m not going to ever let that go till they fix it).At any rate, the game is fun, not worth what I paid, but fun.Buy it on a sale, a BIG sale! Anything over $20 is way too much! But if you really want to play a game that kind of reminds you of Midnight Club L.A. then this is the game for you….Kind of.. -_-So yes I recommend it, even though is sucks!"
76561198078346600,Recommended,241560,17086518,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Drunkin Dounut.515,A must buy for all the petrol heads!
76561198273711580,Recommended,241560,21692899,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kithirion Nimf,ya its fun but basicly if you dont buy wild run its not that fun:(
76561198010676852,Recommended,241560,24284840,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,fury66,"Easy game to recommend. Loads of fun. Yes...I have a Nvidia card and had to rollback the drivers but not that hard to do to enjoy the game. Not a reason not to recommend the game.The game play is fun and a great open world. I had the difficult time of sitting down and trying to figure out which  game I would play more Crew, Project Cars, or Assetto. I choose Crew and not to say anything about the others...because I don't have them, but I am enjoying this and getting some decent game time in.This reminds me of Driver and I think the graphics are pretty damn good, now this isn't a true racing sim, which is good for me (IE, I suck at those).  I find moving from one course to the next to the next, repetitive and stale in a racing game. The open map, side challenges, plenty of cars to choose from, motorcycles, monster trucks.... a good variety that allows one to find different things to do and not get bored. On sale it's a great buy."
,Recommended,241560,13211341,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,antrax737,"I ♥♥♥♥in love it, once u get used to physics driving that game with  G27 it gets amazing, cant stop playing."
,Recommended,241560,13274022,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Flaw,10/10
,Recommended,241560,13839963,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Spencinator,"The Crew ReviewThis review will contain some stuff i love, like, dislike and hate about The CrewPrepare yourself---Things I LOVE- The MapThe best map I have EVER seen in a racing game, and not the biggest, but the most diverse map I have EVER played on. It's that good. It would take a large amount of hours to completely explore the map. I still haven't completely expored it in my many hour playtime. It takes about an hour (if you are going very fast) tho get from one side of the map to the other. It just such a fun map to drive around, to take a road trip, and to see all kinds of fabulous landmarks throughput your journeys.-Everything about the carsAll the cars have lots of detal, interior and exterior. They are all different to drive, and unique in their own ways. Also, all the sounds for the cars are the legit real life sounds, recorded from the cars in a sound studion. SO nice.---Things I like-Customization of carThe customization is quite good, especially compared to most of the recent need for speed games. The only problem is the customizations seem too concrete, there is no ability to add your own imagination or personal touch. Some stickers have different colors, but you can't change the color of a specific sticker. Also, each sticker goes on a certain, unchangable place on the car. You can make your car different than others, because there a large number of aesthetic parts and stickers.-Car specsI really like how the car can utilize many different utilities by changing the spec. There are 5 specs: Street, Dirt, Performance, Raid, and Circuit. They are all fun to experiment with. Some are great for the racetrack, while others are great for offroad trails. My only gripe about specs is that very few cars have the full 5 specs, most have 1-3 of the the specs. The starter cars all have the full 5 specs, so you will be able to have them all in at least one car.-The storyIt is surprising for a good story to be in a racing game, but in this case that surprise came true. It may seem cheesy and cliche to some people, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.-The graphicsThey aren't amazing by any means, but they are good. They capture american geography well (with a few minor hiccups) but there are many current racing games that have better graphics. They are definitely not bad though, they still make the game nice looking. The best graphics in the game are seen in some of the cutscenes. Legitimate movie quality cutscences.---Things i dont like-The ""mmo"" aspect of the gameOnly 8 players in your session, and they players continually switch to different players, so, yeah, no. I still don't really know how to play with my friends, because there is no server choice, just places you in one.-Not that many carsThere really should be more.-Anything that has to do with AIOther racers, cops, even NPC traffic. All equally annoying.-Customization of your characterNonexistent. Hopefully you are okay with the way you look, cuz you can't change that.---Things I HATE-ubisoft-uplay-ubisoft support-uplay servers-ubisoft bugs-uplay bugs-ubisoft glitches-uplay glitches-ubisoft in general-uplay in generalFortunately, ubisoft only published this game not developed, so it isn't UNPLAYABLE (i.e. ACU) a good company called Ivory Tower made it, which was responsible for some other open world maps (i.e. GTA 4) Some things about the game just seem buggy and unfinished, not because of Ivory Tower, but because of ubisoft. It just seems like with the many delays the game should be PERFECT but it isn't.And now, for the thing I HATE the most about the crew, the following is a reddit rant that i put onto /r/The_Crew/ :#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThere is one thing that i just can't get past about this game: THE MIRRORS DON'T WORK! I mean SERIOUSLY!!!!! WHY?!?!??! test drive unlimted from THE 80'S has working mirrors.http:// http://i.ytimg.com/vi/xSvpmi79ZXY/0.jpg<---FREAKING 8 BIT MIRRORS! and the crew doesn't. GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH3 reasons why the crew doesn't have mirrors1. ...2. ...3. ...Don't get me wrong I love the game but.....I JUST CAN'T GET PAST THATOk thanks for reading all that. I'm done now.The good conclusion:The game's main feature, a big map, is DEFINITELY true. The map, the cars, the graphics, all together make the game an great, interesting, and fun experience.The bad conclusion:The online, which was the other big feature, fails to deliver. There are many online problems and bugs that make some give up on the game. But I am not a quitter.My Rating:8/10Final conclusion (tl;dr) :This game offers an amazing experience, one that I have never seen in any other game. Simply being able to take a trip down a desert highway, explore a mountain, race around a city, and explore the entirety of the United states is something that no other game has ever done so beautifully.Overall great game, beautiful map, beautiful cars, just some problems that need addressing. My rating is subject to go up if those improvements are made. The crew is definitely my favorite driving game, and it will never get old or boring.With a map the size of the U.S., how could it?Happy driving!"
,Recommended,241560,15384675,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,gcustoms,"Easily the best racing game I've ever playedPopular criticisms include; ""handling too much for an arcade game"" Because it's not an arcade game""wheelspin is too much"" because you're using a 250 horsepower shot of nitrous in a car with a 10:3 power-to-weight ratioUnfortunately because Ubisoft has listened to what they're hearing (ie; game hate faries on the forums) the AI has been brought down to a minimum.Game has a huge map, probably the biggest of any open world game so far, the car handling is amazing, physics are pretty much bang-on, the in-game community is great, the car customization could use some work but it's a very small kink in an otherwise well-oiled machine.As a veteran racing-game enthusiast (weird guy that 100%s gran turismo games) it took me almost 20 hours to get through the story mode watching every cutscene, the story is even good although somewhat generic, it's well done.If you're an open-world racing game fan this game will probably give you a weird feeling, traditionally we saw games where you could see it, but not necessarily go to it. With this that simply isn't the case, if you can see it in The Crew, you can almost always go there.6 levels of customization put the game's huge map to use, they are fullstock, street, dirt, Perf (performance), raid (trophy trucks), and circuit (full-blown race cars) each with it's own merits and downfalls that add an unmatched level of diversity to the game.The options menu is even pretty comprehensive with toggles for anti-aliasing, even types of anti-aliasing. individual performance impactors with their own toggles, and full wheel support with multiple ways of customizing so you can tune it to your driving style.All in all a fantastic game, even after the career mode there's plenty to do and fun to be had. 9/10"
,Recommended,241560,13228405,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,CHOCHA BANDITO,the only pc port of a game that ubisoft has released this year that isnt broken 10/10
,Recommended,241560,15079385,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,RazGrriZz,Good game for time pass.
,Recommended,241560,16531992,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,XXXPHOONTACION,-bought a ford focus 2010-purchised raid kit-bought pink chrome-tunned to max-kawaii ford10/10 would ride into battle
,Recommended,241560,20480901,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Bobynoby,"This game is addicting for some reason... I can't stop playing it.Great graphics, Amazing Gameplay but a short story."
76561198098731523,Recommended,241560,13244723,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Kopser,"This game is my dream, my dream has become true!Pros-above average driving physics and handling-huge map america and free roam-car tunning/customization-highly detailed car interiors-wheel support-good story mode-dynamic day cycle-cops-despite it's huge map, nice graphics-playing with friends is so fun-0 lag in multiplayer and not many connection problems-Perks are nice-diffrent car specs like street, circuit, dirt...Cons-this game requires internet connection-despite it's highly detailed car interiors, they didn't put digital displays on cars like navigation screen, gearbox screen, digital speed o meters in some cars like 458 speciale. also bmw m5's dial is broken-this game makes addiction :P-poor soundtracks, i mean its really bad or should I say worst?This game really worth buying especially if you like car trips or wanna go and see america..."
76561198051446687,Recommended,241560,35323893,Posted: 29 September,all,Yotter,"Driving is ok. Story is ok. music is ok.BUT HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥IS THE MAP AMAZING!THE WHOLE OF THE USA!ok so the map isnt really as big as the US but its's somewhere around 5000km2Honestly the game is 100% worth it because of the amazing map.However, the graphics and optimization are both on par aswell."
,Not Recommended,241560,24215504,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,PokemonMasta,"Before wild run, it was a really good game. It has a huge map, a very large selection of cars, and multiplayer, the career, and faction missions were fun. Now the game is unplayable due to Ubisoft's negligence to fix the game-breaking map rendering glitch. It's been there for 6 months, and whenever I play the game I encounter it and have to restart. It not only makes freedrive, career, and faction missions unplayable, but causes multiplayer to black screen until the person with the glitch leaves. TLDR: Ubisoft made the game unplayable and hasn't fixed it for 6 months. Don't buy it and think twice before buying any other Ubisoft titles."
,Not Recommended,241560,19158914,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Azazel,What a♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561198132159264,Not Recommended,241560,14117549,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Larry Hotdogs,"Great game, storyline is solid. But you can't ""customize"" your car, you can only add packages, i.e. street package, performance package, with some flexibility otherwise. Graphics aren't the greatest, but gameplay is more important. Well, offline gameplay is, considering the community is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. What people like to do is form little posses of 3 or 4 cars, then find solo players just cruisin' around and run them off the road to the point where online gameplay is literally intolerable, since you can't drive anywhere. On top of that, grandma's Nissan has the same physics as a Dodge Ram 1500, so theres no way to defend yourself. To add insult to injury, I bought the ""game of the year"" edition, or whatever they're calling it now. So thats just 85 bucks down the drain.If I still haven't turned you off yet, I'd like to mention that you need UPlay to run this game. What's UPlay? It's like Steam, for Ubisoft. UPlay and Steam hate each other. It's nearly impossable to get in a game with people from your friends list because it's so hard to get Steam and UPlayto work together.Still need more? Recently there was an update for The Crew that added a new feature called ""Wild Run"". Wild Run is 25 dollars, regardless of whether you bought the season pass. What? I just paid 85 dollars for your game and I still don't have everything? Now, Wild Run includes a feature for the player to do races with other players, which was availible as a part of base game. Was. Now, unless you payUbisoft even MORE money, you can no longer play with other people, which was the original intent of the game; multiplayer co-op racing. Ubisoft just decided that it was a good idea to completely disable the most vital part of the game in favor of petty amounts of profit.Ubisoft recently released a new DLC for police chases called ""Calling all Units"" which I was really psyched for. Turns out, just like Wild Run, even though I have a season passI still need to pay EVEN MORE for this content. The Crew, plus the season pass, plus Wild Run, plus Calling all Units equals well over 120 dollars. Honestly Ubisoft, when does the money hoarding end?Screw you, Ubisoft. I'd give anything to get my hands on one of your devs right now."
76561198011237320,Recommended,241560,33025094,Posted: 29 June,all,CodeFox,"I only have 6h so far, so I cannot say much but I would like to share a little.TIP: For the BLACK SCREEN BUG - go to your ""my documents"" folder and look the ""The Crew"" folder. Inside it, you will find a file called ""PCScalability.xml"". Open it up with notepad, and look up for a line that contains the word "" Appearance= "". Now, after the equals sign, you will have a number (usually 2) and all you have to do is, change it to 1 and save the file.What this does is change the game from fullscreen mode into fullscreen borderless mode. I hope it helps.Now for the review. Actually its more like a tiny story, but for me it tells a lot about the game and what it is about. But before all, mind that this game is NOT A SIM. In a scale of 1 (arcade) to 10 (sim) I would say 3.5/10.I was driving around, trying to reach one of the missions on the map, then I got a call to support a package delivery (help someone to transport a package from point A to B, blocking cops along the way). I was like: allright, bring it! And all the suddend I found myself jumping from NY to LA in the middle of a crazy car chase. A few minutes later it was all over, the package was secure. Then I had to get back on track with my missions, and I was on the other side of the country. We always have the option to fast travel into places we've already visited, OR drive all the way. Instinctively I opened my map and started clicking for a fast travel. But then I realized: ""That's not what it's all about. That's how I drive in other games, not this one."" I grabbed the ultimate edition of the game and it comes with one of my favorite cars ever built the Nissan Fairlady Z. It was around 9pm in game when I started it, my tip back to NY and I drove that car in cockpit view for the most if the trip. I went thought the beautiful nevada desert, some snowy parts I have no idea where (I'm not from US sorry folks), and it was an extemely enjoyable 45min trip. Just me, my Z240, the night sky and some nice trip music.Pros:-Quite enjoyable driving.-Tons of cars, with cockpit view.-Tons of car kits that change the whole driving model of your car.-Bikes!-Amazing scenery!-Awesome interface (I like it)-Nice police chases.-Seamless transition to join other player's match or persuit.-Tons of micro events that you take part on the fly.-Tons of hidden stuff to find.Cons:-Netcode can be problematic sometimes hahah.-Crash psysics are a little inconsistent, sometimes crashing feels like hitting a wall of butter the car just slides off. Others you hit some invisible walls (only in very rare occations though).-Controls -keyboard- can be a little rough, sometimes I have problems to make small adjustments and keep a straight line, making the car feel unstable.-Drift is not as enjoyable and overly simplistic. It feels like your actual speed is dictated direcly by what gear you are (it feels clearly faster even though the indicated speed remains about the same).-Drag is the same story, I missed a bit of the sim mechanics for tunning.Wishes:-More old school Rock music for long travels.-More prominent engine sound.If I would recommend it? Damn right I do!"
76561198061146185,Not Recommended,241560,15013165,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,dronk,lovley game but alot of annoying bugs like crashes and disconnects
,Recommended,241560,30700071,Posted: 24 March,all,Cool,Awesome Open World Game But not well optimized
,Recommended,241560,28473105,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Echo Rabbit,"This game has been one of the games that i'm really glad i bought.Pros:+ Large open world.+ Lots od different race styles.+ Pretty good graphics.+ Decent Customization+ Rewards for exploring the map (ie. Hidden Cars)+ Controller compatable and rebindable keys.+ Fun challenges.+Picture mode with some editing tools to make your photo look nice.Cons:- You have to grind to level up your cars.- A lot of the cars are DLC- Only OnlineAll in all, the pros outweigh the cons, in my opinion. I'd buy this game if you were a big fan of the old Need For Speed games. It resembles the old NFS games a lot."
76561198081603303,Recommended,241560,26887590,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrMario94,"The game is still holding on but it needs a polish, a graphic patch and bug patch and most neccessary a lot of new cars"
,Recommended,241560,13315922,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,The Codfaction,"The game is quite bad, but quickly shake it 100 times to pass the mission, not a lot of cars, about 40, tuning is not as wide as said card also, 200 kilometers, but 50 hours on this game can be beyond boring. 7.9 out of 10"
,Recommended,241560,13219003,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ausrufepunkt,Once the minor launch issues are gone I can see this game being incredible fun to play.
,Recommended,241560,16067698,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Dryland,"Great game and tons of things to do.  Great graphics, sweet cars and even has a good story line.  Everything from street to off-road, this game has it all.  Would recommend to anyone.  10/10"
76561198124557533,Recommended,241560,18862858,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,FreezE csgoatse.com,nice game! :D
,Recommended,241560,19409127,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,✪ Fudjier™,"I can't be more honest than that.The game is cool, Actually, Its pretty amazing.Tho i got some thing to say about it.First, I will start with the PROS i guess.SO THE PROS:-The world is huge. You can drive for hours. (I literaly finished a race with a 104 minute record.)-Theres a weather system, Also day and night. Which really affects the gameplay.-TONS OF CARS.-The game not stands for full singleplayer, You can make a crew (A some sort of group that will join your missions.)-Pvp (NOT ONLY RACING, Theres a lot of multiplayer pvp mods !)-Upgrading and modding your car... Oh man.. This part. You just need to see the customization. (Ps. Made me poop myself when first saw).-You can have a driving test before getting a new car-Theres Voice chat and a regular chat. (Also whisper, crew chat and etc)-Theres a lot more honestly just. idk less important for this review (You should also taste by yourself you know.)So ofcousre after Pros. I should hit with the Cons !-The biggest con by my opinion. Is the crashing system.Crashing into cards happends a lot (Even if you are not bad like me.) Lets say you gotta race inside the city and theres a turn left or right doesnt matter. Sometime, Because its a city after all, Theres cars waiting for that green light. Yea, In that moments youll find cars all over the road except to the right direction.I find it really annoying. Playing Perf spec (I guess the most fast cars in the game) On a road which is not straight inside the city totally can caus your death. (I did played a mission like that, i wanted to punch my screen, AND I CONSIDER MYSELF A CALMED PERSON.)[Woah thats a big con]^-When you buy a car, No refunds. You cant really regret it. Same with specs.-When theres a chat notification you dont really get it, You need to open the chat box, unless you make it visible the whole time, Which kinda disturbs.I must say, By my opinion once again, There is not a lot of cons to the game. Just really basic things. Handling isnt even bad. (Just on peft spec cars. Well thats because its ♥♥♥♥ing hard.) But yet the game extremely fun, and enjoyable.I really hope you enjoyed my review. Make sure to like it if it helped you so other can see it aswell.*SORRY FOR BAD ENGLISHHHHH*Peace and love sugars."
76561198056035008,Recommended,241560,13590932,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Shadow,This game is Fun but it crashes all the time and micro transactions in a $60 game is just plain stupid
76561197990478642,Recommended,241560,16161993,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,tawess,"This is a fun game for what it is. It is by no strecth of the imagination what the developers told us it was going to be and unless you feel ok with mucking around with router settings the ""never drive alone"" tag-line will be a confident slap in the face.But it is still a fun arcade racer that looks good and offers some really nice open world play with a lot of things to do from jumps and slaoms to classic exploring. Also once you get it to work PvP multi-player is fun and frantic. Same with the co-op part of the game. It is far from perfect but it is still one really good ride.That being said... It has some very shifty multiplayer and use som peer2peer solution limiting how many players you can run at the same time.It also have DLC and pay-only cars out the tailpipe."
,Recommended,241560,17098370,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,☣ Sc4recr@w ☣,"This game is really awesome! If you love to tune cars, race, compete with friends, then this is the game you should buy!"
76561197971273786,Recommended,241560,13227619,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Stiflersnipper,"I gotta say... I LOVE THIS GAME !   When it works.... its down for maintenance all the ♥♥♥♥ing time...Loading errors..But, when the game works!It looks goodHandlings goodas far as i have got in the mainstory, its still funYou really got to get this game, if you allready havent.even if there are som troubles, its still extremely fun when it works :)"
,Recommended,241560,14160537,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,♛Void,Awesome game i really enjoy this.
,Recommended,241560,16603769,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,kung fu kenny,"if you like cars. buy it, very good....."
,Recommended,241560,25521742,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,SparkStorm,"solid and arcadey return to the glorious days of ps2 open world racing days, all on a grand scale. amazing with a racing wheel"
,Recommended,241560,16604781,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dankesst Plays,this game is alright it needs a whole s***** ton more cars
,Recommended,241560,18886453,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,slacker00,"I've been surprised by how much I've enjoyed The Crew. I initially passed on it, but I wish I hadn't. In my opinion, it's the closest we have to a modern Burnout right now.For those with kids, I let my 5 year old drive around the countryside all the time. It's easy to ignore the main plotline and just explore. He loves it."
,Recommended,241560,19271570,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Sveinung,Best car game i have ever played. Will definately play still be playing this for a looooooong time!
,Recommended,241560,16787125,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TheZipNip (Mr. Bacon),Super fun arcade game! would buy and play this all over again! Customization is great and the cars are fun. needs a larger variety but is good enough. totally open world that can take hours maybe days to explore. Way worth the buy!
76561198239718932,Recommended,241560,25698121,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,FASEFA_BR,"In my point of view is a great game, this game is suitable for players who enjoy exploration, fun and hard to be tedious, has good graphics, very good gameplay and challenging in their ways; I confess I had some problems to start the game for the first time, I did not find enough information that could guide me in the game installation process, but I give my congratulations will official community Facebook who gave me information, support and sharing knowledge to I could play for the first time. There are also difficulties to play with my group friends, the game is limited to a few section of players difficult to complete missions of the game, even with friends in the game is not available, and it is not presented as friends in the game, for me this is only negative point of the game; as I am an enthusiast and racing games lover this game for me it is very good! Recommend to all racing game lovers, this game has problems like any other game features, which will differentiate is the predisposition of each player."
76561198156607496,Recommended,241560,34912486,Posted: 12 September,all,Captain Qwurtyz,THis game is fun. It can be a little agrivating at times but if you just wanna drive around at high speeds it's great. I'd recomed finding a very easy job and play a few times to try and get some traction bonus' to make terning much better. I'd also recomend changing the settings if you're playing on keyboard because the default is very dificult to controle.
76561197992212292,Recommended,241560,35289982,Posted: 29 September,all,TheWarlock,"Long story short: Best online arcade racer on pc at this time. 8/10 in my book.If you want to know why, read on.-Let's start with the most important aspect if you love racing games: This is NOT a sim! It is an arcade racer, but a very good one at that. You can expect taking corners at 200 km/h. Drifting with lambo's and jumping for hundreds of meters. Each car handles slightly different depending on it's type, not much though so if you are looking for a sim kind of racer, this will probably not appeal to you. However if you love cool cars and go insanely fast on the regular roads this is your game.-You start with the story. The story is good, not too short, not too long. You can skip it but that would be stupid. During the story you get a feel of all the different types of cars and you unlock people for your HQ later. Each person will give you a selection of ""abilities"" that you can upgrade. This goes from a discount in the shops to gaining more xp to car upgrades like a visual race line and faster top speed, accelleration etc. Needless to say, you really want this. So you start with the story which is often very challenging and it gives you a good view of what the game has to offer.- Cars: There are around 100 different cars & bikes. Expect most of the cool cars you know to be there. But.... that's only the standard versions you can buy. For each standard car, you can install upgrades and modify it to a different type. The types are Standard-street-terrain-sport-raid-circuit. ¨This gives you an idea of the race types you can expect. On top of those you can also unlock extreme upgrades and make your car a drifter-dragster-monstertruck. Each ""class"" is very different and not all classes are available for every standard car. However, let's take one of my favorites, the Mustang, you buy 1 standard mustang, and you can then multiply your vehicle to a drift mustang, monster truck mustang, street race mustang at the same time. So now you bought 1 car, but you have 4 different ones, which you can (and must) upgrade each one seperately.-Bikes: yes, there are motorbikes too, and everything that applies for the cars, applies for the bikes. same classes, same upgrades. it's often easyier to do certain missions with a bike instead of a car, so make sure you have some.-Police vehicles. Since the last update of the game there is another game mode introduced. It's basically racers vs cops. Think of Need for Speed (Most wanted, rivals, hot pursuit...), but much much better. While you are just cruising the streets, depending on your car (cop or regular) you will be invited to a pursuit. If you accept, you either help another racer or you try to bust another racer. You do need to buy and level your police cars first though. at least if you ever want to have a chance of busting other players.-Online: This game is online only. You can play perfectly well solo though. The only thing where you actually need to play with others is PvP. the rest is simply random encounters with no impact unless you want it. You get to choose how you play this game, but honestly it's the most fun with some friends online. Either way, the entire game is online so make sure you have a stable internet connection.-Tuning: The most addictive part of this game is ofcourse to upgrade your favorite cars and tune them. Now, let me dissapoint you first if you expect Need For Speed underground content. It's not like that. This is RNG. Is it a grind? Yes it can be, but you get to choose how and where you grind. Which means it doesn't have to be lengthy and boring. For each race (and that is a wide word in this game, but we'll get to that later) you do, you get 3 rewards: credits, xp and a car part. Each car has 11 parts, and each part has a level. Like gear in other MMO's. However on top of that, each part has a random affix. One of four: accelleration, top speed, grip and brakes. So basically you are looking for the top level parts, with your desired affixes. For example, a dragster has no use for the brake affixes. But, according to your playstyle it's possible you desire an overwhelming fast car to have more grip for example, so you look for those parts. The cool thing about this game is no inventory, you can keep ALL parts you ever collected, and should you one day want to change loadout of your car, you can. The downside though is RNG, it may take you a while to get all the perfect parts. On the other hand, remember it's arcade, you'll win without the ""perfect"" set too ;)-Visuals: This game is graphically still top tier. The cars are stunning, and the open world just the same. You can modify the look of your car very well. You need to earn the visuals first though, or you can buy them with credits or real money.To be honest I have the coolest looking cars from all the racing games I ever played. Needless to say, I'm impressed here. Again, it's not Need for Speed grand, compared to those games the options are rather limited, but I feel there is plenty to change your looks. If we move towards the graphics of the world, this game is unmatched. We're talking a huge open world with weather cycles and day and night cycles which affect the traffic on the roads. Rain, snow, mud, you name it.ContentOnce you finish the story, or during the story you are confronted with all the content this game has. And there is lots of content.-The Summit. Once a month there is the summit, but before you can enter there are weekly mini summits in which you must compete. In order to enter those you need to have a rank 3 in stunt races. This is easy, you get a quest to complete (like make a wheelie of 150m or drive 1km on the wrong side of the road) and only then you can enter the mini summits. A summit is a collection of challenges, where you get good rewards. All prestations are stored and measured against other players. So you are playing against other players prestations, but solo. Your rewards depend on how well you do. This is probably the fastest way to earn upgrades for your car, and you can basically do this 24/24, 7-7. You compete in events like monster trucks, drag race, drift race, time trials, jump challenge etc. As you can see, it is very wise to have a own car for each class/event. So you really want a monster truck, a drifter, a dragster, a street car, a circuit racer etc. If you do not have one of the classes needed in the summit, one will be provided to you, but it will be a barebone piece of crap. If however you own one of the desired classes, the rewards will go straight to your car. Some summits have additional requirements, like a US muscle car, or japanese car etc. This encourages you to buy and upgrade new cars ;)-PvP: pvp is pretty well done, unless you expect to choose standard races. Pvp in The Crew is very diverse. Each contestant chooses race type (like capture the flag, crown, regular race etc), then after that type of car and it all ends up in the RNG machine. One racetype/racecar will be chosen by RNG, and after each round it is the same. It's a very fair system imo, and it again stresses the importance of having at least one car of each type that is maxed in any aspect. If you have that covered, PvP is very fun here.-Faction races. You get to choose your faction, and race for them. These are actual races with a specific car class requirement. Ideal if you love a specific race style like all terrain or circuit.-Challenges: All around the world there are challenges you can pick up. You can pick them up during other missions too, or when you are travelling from one place to another to maximize rewards for minimum effort. You do that in a multitude of styles: slalom, speed, collect (the hardest imo), jump, follow the raceline, precision. Depending on how well you did, you'll get a piece of gear for your car. This is the go to when your car is too low level for anything else. It only takes like a minute or two to complete and you can rince and repeat."
,Not Recommended,241560,21027111,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,{EXi} Sir Epsilon,"It rains too damn much. Driving in rain simulator 2015 is what they should have called it. 50% of the time it's raining, Even in the desert. THE DESERT."
76561198044614934,Not Recommended,241560,14723206,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Krikita,"I really looked forward to this game because the idea behind this is very appealing. But unfortunately Ubisoft didn't do a great job of implementing.Positive things about this game, the map is huge and there is so much room for playing so that's certainly a good thing. The graphics are ok, but that is not something that bothers me too much. The idea to form a crew is also a good thing, but is poorly implemented and there are so much things to do with it to make it better, but they didn't. Faction races are great, but could be a lot better. For instance, make a race with a destination point and you can choose with route to take. The physics are not great, but not bad either. Only thing the cars should do is drift, instead of constant understeer.So yeah, there are a lot of things that could be done better and it really dissapoints. This game had a massive potential to become something great, but it didn't take that chance. Maybe The Crew 2 will be better, if that game will ever arrive of course. Not something you should buy i say, unless you really really want to."
,Not Recommended,241560,14732110,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Hyperspeed1313,"While the story is somewhat entertaining, the gameplay is really quite boring. There's literally nothing to do but race around, and while it is a racing game, the trailers hinted at other forms of gameplay and much more exciting cinematics. It's not a bad game, but its not a good game either. The story is pretty minimal compared to most games, and trying to tie this story into a continually running server-based platform makes for some really annoying drive times.Also we were promised the whole country, as though that would be to scale. Nope. Everything has been scaled down so that most of the cities are a third of their actual sizes. I threw down a lot of money for this game because I thought I would be getting a lot out of it. Really, because of the setup we actually got, I say this game is worth no more than $30. If the animations and the LOD look right up your alley, you might be inspired to pay $40. But never is it ever worth the full AAA studio pricing.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So now that we have Wild Run, I guess the only thing I can say is WHY didn't I get it with my season pass? Considering it adds modes like DRAG racing, DRIFTING, etc. that most racing games have from the start, I think it should have been a free update. I won't be wasting my money on Wild Run though. The gameplay as a whole is still really boring."
,Not Recommended,241560,14737923,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Смерть,"They really dropped the ball. preordered this because i absolutely love cars and racing games, and it is fun as long as you dont mind the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over. Not to mention the lobbys that never work and the 1000s of bugs you will run into. If i could get my money back for my season pass and the game, i would in a heart beat. also once you max out there are only certain cars that can even compete so if you dont drive those specific cookie cutter cars you dont win -.-do not buy this"
,Not Recommended,241560,25610346,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Yiaz,"It is a great game, indeed, but when major content are behind paywalls, you know it is garbage."
,Recommended,241560,14521276,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Volt,"The CrewThis is a game I played briefly in Beta and really like the concept of a racing game that lets you travel across the US.  The open world environment allows you to compete in races across the US or just take off and drive anywhere you want from coast to coast without any loading screens. The freedom and choice is yours to make.  Follow the story, venture out and explore, and/or compete in challenges and races. The game feels a lot like Watchdogs if you never left the vehicle only on a larger scale with less people walking around. The vehicles handle similar to the vehicles in Watchdogs intially, but moding them greatly increases performance as you level the car.  Street, dirt, and track veriations of car modifications can be made for all different types of races as well as a large veriety of cosmetic options to customize your ride.  You will not get the sim race track feeling here as the cars are not heavily based on true physics like you would find in the Grid series.  This is definately an arcade style racing game more in line with Need for Speed that provides hours of fun!Not Just a RacerThe Crew is more than just a traditional racing game.  It is a MMO racing game.  The game is designed to play with other people by joining crews so that you can work together in missions.  Playing with others in your crew provides extra incentives such as experience and cash.  You can put skill points into your bonuses to increase rewards received from playing with your crew members as well as benefits to enhance your car such as reduced repair costs, better breaking, etc. However, the game can be played solo with just as much fun.Weak LinkageAnd here is the weak link in the design of The Crew.  People expecting a MMO will immediately notice that there is no need to join a community to play the game.  The option is there with some rewards but there is no real push to do so. There is also no voice chat built into the game to communicate with your crew members and the pop-up screen is usually hidden to get it out of the way. So even when you do choose to type to crew members, you will seldom get a response.You will find PvE and PvP races/challenges but the need for a community feels absent.  The PvP is fun and I honestly have a blast with some of the game modes.  You will not find any large raid like content here.  It would have been nice to see large cross country races pitting  multiple four man crews against crews or larger 16 plus members competing together in a large scale race against other crews or AI; but what we received was on a much smaller basis for those that want to play solo.  What you will find is a huge open world where you can see people and choose to interact with them or not.  The choice is yours to make.ProsHuge map to ExploreOpen WorldVariety of Race typesVariety of Vehicles/typesVehicle CustomizationGraphicsMMO CommunityConsPhysics are more Arcade than SimWeak MMO CommunityNo voice built in voice chatFinal ThoughtsAfter finishing the game, I still enjoy going back and creating new cars and leveling them up.  I am personally having a blast with this game and recommend it to anyone thats like racing games.   I did not do a first impressions video of this game so I have linked a few videos to give you an idea of what to expect.New Expansion UpdateThe Crew: WIldrun is a DLC expansion coming to the crew with a free overhaul to the graphics and physics engine for all as well as the DLC packed full of quests, races, new race types, vehicles, and vehicle types (monster trucks & motorcycles). It looks amazing!  I cannot wait until November to play it. If only I had a Beta key...For the story:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=351697011For vehicle modification:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=351697009For gameplay:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=394438020"
,Recommended,241560,13273533,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dromm,"1st let me say I have never written a review for any game before.Now I ama racing game lover but for the last 5 years or so I haven't found a racing game that can hold my interest for more than an hour at a time.  I bought this game with a friend and he and I mostly play together and that is extremely fun.The story is just ok, not great but who cares this is a racing game.  There are not a lot of cars in the game at the moment but that is ok all of the cars in the game a really nice.  I drive from inside the car with the dash board view, unless I am doing the missions where you run through a banner as you go because it takes you off road and you are usually running through brush and you just can't see from inside.I really like this game and came into it with no preconceived notions about what to expect.  My buddy and I just spent 2 1/2 hours just driving and unlocking more of the map occasionally doing fun side races.This brings me back to the old original test drive games way back when.I really really like this game and the only con I have at the moment is I do get discord and it takes 15 to 20 minutes to get back on.This is an Mmo but just like most new mmo's you don't have to play with other people."
,Recommended,241560,14919237,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,butyrkameister,"I don't know why most of people hate this game. Yeah, the car physics may not be perfect, and the multiplayer is kinda bad, but still its an open HUGE world racing game, which are really rare. I personally like it, enjoy the way it is."
76561198109750806,Recommended,241560,18419535,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Apple squad,it is a great open world game with tons of cool features
,Recommended,241560,13236311,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Panergy,+Get to go on road trips with friends+No smells of friend's car-farts+Get to ram Ford Focuses off the road for being Ford Focuses10/10 would roadtrip again
,Recommended,241560,24837778,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Mr. Pants,"30 hours in and I still have much to do.The world is so damn big and traveling from point A to point B is not boring at all since the world is full of different challenges for fast and agile cars. Upon completing these challenges, you earn parts for your car. If you don't need the parts, you can send it to your garage which will allow you to build up another car in the future.Story missions have you racing against time, destroying crates of supplies, catching up to an NPC and making them crash, and more.This game has car builds for dirt, street, drift, raid, and circuit racing. I probably forgot one, but that list should show you that this game is the whole package.Jumping online with friends is as easy as meeting up at a certain location and grouping up. Most of the campaign can be completed with a friend.Warning about DLC:""Wild Run"" is a DLC pack. You do not need it to enjoy this game, but you will occasionally run into cars and missions unavailable, but don't worry about it. I've been doing just fine without it, but I will pick it up on a sale because I definitely want this game to last even longer."
,Recommended,241560,25316851,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Chinaman27,"The Crew is a great game. simple as that, but it defineitely has areas that should be improved but first let me start with the positives.It is easy to progress through the game, provides a challenge, has a huge map to travel around, encourages open world driving by including street and dirt vehicles, beautiful landscape and monuments to visit, controller support (including steering wheel) and the endgame makes you feel like a god but, there are some flaws.cons:1. traffic- although this is pretty fun to dodge around in free roam, it can be really frustrating when you're trying to beat a mission where one mistake can ruin everything but it adds a challenge. The worst part is when you crash there is a cutscene that plays and will ruin your time even though you can skip it and also there are road block made by the AI because they crashed into the car themselves.(hopefully that made sense)2. Physics- This games physics are terrible most people can easily look up an example of this but for the sake of this review, i would list some for you. Some are: crashing into a wall and being sent into the air, hitting a little sidewalk will make you do a wheelie or crashing into a vehicle will push it aside instead of a collision.3. Short storyline- TBH this doesnt bother me as much as it does for other people. If youre looking for a racing game then this is a racing game. overall the story is pretty boring and short.4. The DLC- another thing that bothers other people, this game kinda forces you into the DLC but personally i bought the complete edition which saves a lot of money in the long run if you plan on buying this game because it comes with a lot of cars and the season pass (At this the the calling all units is coming out soon)(Side note) progression is too quick?- I dont know about anybody else but i beat the main storyline and hit the level cap pretty quickly within maybe 4 days of playing. This didnt bother me because i wanted the endgame cars that are fast. Also within a week of casually playing, i already maxed out a couple of cars and a motorcycle dont know if its just me or not but if you buy this game you will find out.5. glitches- This one kinda goes along with physics but while playing, there will sometimes be invisible bumbs in the road and when you crash on the wall occasionally you will get stuck in it or you will be on top of it and will probably have to reset to fix it.6. Online- This game requires you to be connected to the internet at all times not much to say here but its extremely easy to play with friends at least.Even with all these things i still would recommend this game especially if its on sale (I got it during the steam summer sale) Not going to lie this game needs some tweaks and shows a lot of potential. Perhaps future DLC will provide an even bigger map (although i doubt as that will take a lot of resources and time) In the end, if you are looking for a fun arcade racing game this is your go to choice, you can race solo or with friends and overall have a great time. although i said the physics need to be updated, it still makes this game enjoyable for messing around. I hope that if you reading this that you buy the game and expand this community."
76561198240955968,Recommended,241560,22733886,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,shyakmango1988,This is a good game but what i dont like is you had to be online all the time. I CANT PLAY IT because im always disconnected not recommended to those who have slow internet connection... dont buy this game if you dont have high speed internet
76561198226437304,Recommended,241560,24826660,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Lukter som en sei,"very good game, i highly recomend it"
,Not Recommended,241560,13214507,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,salxicha,"Are you looking for a Next Gen racing experience? Go look somewhere else.UPDATE: 01/11/15After nearly 3 months after launch there were only 2 patches correcting minor stuff but not a single commitment from Ubisoft on addressing wanted features in the game.The Steam user satisfaction dropped its recommendation from 96% to 77% and it will continue to go down as more people figure out how little this game offers after 20 hours - which is a ridiculous little time for a MMO. ---CONTINUE TO STAY AWAY.I've pre-ordered The Crew Gold +Season Pass expecting that all publishing on hard working to bring a new concept of game would be delivered. After my first 8 hours with the game I'm never ever buying Ubisoft games at launch anymore (As I'm already doing with Assassin's Creed franchise since Brotherhood).The game isn't an evolution from what we've seen on the Beta phase, it is just a ""stability"" upgrade in all aspects. To be honest, the only thing I've seen implemented from what was asked on forums during closed and open betas was the ability to change the gear faster while on manual shift, almost everything requested by the community was ignored.To review the game I've used a Nvidia GTX-780 + i7-4770K overclocked, my personal impressions below:- Are you ready for Ubisoft concept of MMO?It was confirmed by Ubi Community Manager that the ""bug of few people per map"" is in fact working as designed since they believe 8 player per map is OK.For a game where the selling point is ""Massive open world"" this is a flaw.- Don't expect to be able to play multiplayer, cause it isn't working as it should. It took me about 50 tries to be able to do 1 single coop mission since the message ""There is no one in your session"" was constantly been displayed even while I could see about 10 players on the map screen.- Do you like driving from cockpit and using the rear mirrors? Hopefully not cause they we're NOT implemented at all you will see is a gray piece of junk that since it isn't showing your rear shouldn't even be there. Surprisinly and adding ""more fun"" to the randomness of this issue, when you put your view in 3rd person mode (behind the car)... TA DA! The mirrors magically start working! W-T-F!!!Lets pause for a little reflection:Since 1987 we have working rear mirrors thanks to Test Drive 1 but not in this advanced ""next gen"" title? There is no other racing series considering doing the same crap.- Anti-Alising is so horribly implemented that even downsampling from 4K resolution to 1080p you will notice the jadded edges everywhere.Specially when you're wandering inside cities hopefully you will not bother on blinking edges in general scenario elements like fences and light lamps, buildings and cars as you will be near to have a convulsion. Surprisinly AAs seems to had worked a lot better with ""wild nature"" elements so trees and vegetation don't suffer in the same heavy way cities do;This is my tweak guide to correct the game Anti Alising to an standard expected by a Next Gen title:http://steamcommunity.com/app/241560/discussions/0/617321352146025421/?tscn=1417713397Still considering the fact that at DAY 2 I'm trying to manually override what was delivered in the ""official pack"" , Customer Satisfaction is barely achieved on that aspect;- Looking for Dynamic Lighting and Shadows? Bad for you cause your car and whatever is capable of emitting light doesn't create any shadows! Ugly absurd issues from WatchDogs are all back to terrorize people dreams of playing decent games;- Your car is the only thing on the screen that seems to be made with more than 20 poligons. When compared with your own, all other cars and objects are ugly and seems to be toys or re-used models from games launched back from 90's - Specially Mini Vans - Maybe they have used the same from SEGA Crazy Taxi? Seems very similar to me.** This can be minimized using my Anti Alising guide - check the LOD BIAS section **- Real bad textures. If you stay like 5 meters from any building you will few like playing GTA3. Ambient Occlusion made them feel more alive but they're all ugly and not even close to HD;- Dust and smoke effects from Counter Strike 1.6 are better than what we can see here;- Offline mode isn't working. You need to stay online on UPlay or, once you get in the game, it will ask you to connect to UPlay and restart it;- There is  no dynamic weather at all;- Engine sounds are very generic;TL;DR:As it is right now, there is no reason why you should buy this game for more than 20 dollars. If you want a good looking racing experience, buy Shadow of Mordor and ride a Warg. I ensure you that your experience would be better than any hype you may have here and you will have a really good game.Besides that, give the game some time to have Ubisoft to fix its outstanding issues and the magicians from the internet to discover what Ubisoft have disabled under the hood to make it similar to the console versions."
76561198194464893,Not Recommended,241560,24196916,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Steven,"Every time I start the game(on windows 10), it crashed!"
76561198026684895,Recommended,241560,25807500,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DonDeal,"Bought Steam version and it crashed every few minutes.At this moment, it's free on Uplay, I accepted the free game and downloaded it.Been playing the free Uplay version for a few hours without a single issue, try it!!"
,Recommended,241560,13221743,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,cam,lets just call this road trip simulator 2k14
,Recommended,241560,13292776,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,resizt0r,"So as you can see i have almost 1000 hours of gametime on The Crew.  I have played since the game was officially released and own almost every spec of every car.  When this game was released it got all kinds of terrible reviews but even at that time in it's incomplete state it was a good arcade style racing game compared to any NFS-type game before it.  Since that time they have added cars, stickers, colors, pvp options, graphics, race modes, bikes, monster trucks, 3 new specs (monster, drift, drag) in addition to the 5 already available (street, dirt, perf, raid, circuit), freedrive challenges, and tons of other things!  Some people will sit here and cry and complain about some technical issues with crashing, which is there from time to time, but with the amount of options they're adding to the game it's totally worth it.  Need For Speed is completely inferior to this game.  I have spent 125 dollars on this game including game, expansion pack, and season pass... I don't regret this at all because this game has been worth it!  There is no better open world arcade style racing game on the market right now (may 2016)."
76561198045310101,Recommended,241560,11949054,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Saleenseven,All aspects are great but it needs more than 30fpsEdit: people say ubisoft has 60fps as their goal. If this is true my final rating will be 9.5/10 because of lack of rim sizes and autosculpting parts.
,Not Recommended,241560,23912485,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ÆSTRAL,"While I finally got it running, the story and games are hardly worth playing. I bought this game to modify cars but It lacks everything I see in a game.Has: cars, Customization (Extremely tight limit), races in general, police? sortofNeeds: Better leveling system, easier access to leveling, more car parts, less dlc, Normal fkn money system (For once would it hurt to be realistic?) less focus on dlc sales and more on the story and ability to actually play the whole game without suffering through story after story to get some sht parts they throw about on these pidly races. Not even worth my time to play.This game is honestly not worth even sale price. this feels like a 2 or 3 dollar game I'd buy to mess around with friends but I wouldn;t want to inflect the horrerss of over priced dlc they cut from the game to make a quick buck.Not to mention it's 3rd party so you might as well buy it on uplay because you'll be logging in there anyways to play it.Face it ubisoft, Your games are rushed and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Chopped up like ham for easy money."
,Recommended,241560,13801210,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,HarrythePothead,CAN I GET A REWARD...*hint hint*any game will doALRIGHT so the review ok so first off yassss the handling of the cars arent realistic...but ya thats what they were aiming for so Im ok with it.  secondly really it does get kinda boring after you finish all the missions which then again the story line was AMAZING (in my mind)...if your looking for a game that has racing game that is really fun for over 90 hours STOP youve found it but....CONS-bad driving physics-not amazing graphics(Thats all i can think of in my Dumb*** brain)PROS+good story line+HUGE map+good custimization+Lots of cars(then again all i can think of)Were is my reward? anyone...anyone... dam it im alone
,Recommended,241560,13200896,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Irvy,The only game where a truck can be faster than a a ferrari.8/10.
,Recommended,241560,16617668,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Yu Skinhub.com,- Made a crew with other players- Did a Drive Mission- It became a ♥♥♥♥ing Touring !- 10/10 would do again <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,241560,23004334,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Baramito,"It's fun, and that's what I wanted it to be.Free roam is enjoyable, you can spend a lot of time roaming.Wild Run isn't required to enjoy the game.Many of the people who are evaluating negative in the game , it is because it has a crap hardware."
76561198063318948,Not Recommended,241560,13431843,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mr.Skeletal,"To give you an idea i was in the beta before i had even pre-ordered the gold edition....I thought i liked this game and then game the delays, the broken servers, the crashing, no one on the servers, the microtransactions, the amount every car in the game costs ...seriously what car is that expensive, the falling through the map, the in car view is broken if you apply the handbrake during a turn, the buying of parts, the fact people were playing it before it was released, the broken physics, the fact that ive driven a 70s cadillac that feels like it would handle better than any of the cars in game, the fact that you dont get enough faction points or whatever to rank up at all seriously do you know how long a mission with good payout is. I still haven't been able to unlock my free supercar.Ubisoft screwed the pooch again...like right after you release one broken game you decide to release another how do you do this. It's like the level of glitches and broken code in new vegas, but without the modability. The game feels like alot of ubisofts other racing games as well but combined all recycled ideas to creat a steaming pile of ""idea"".The crew gold gives you a whole what 16 extra cars, for an extra $25. Think about that now that is alot of money for something i would consider what should be the size of one car pack. The crews Vehicle selection, what a fun topic. They seem to pick alot of old musclecars, some new muscle cars, some exotics, and 2 tuners..... a 370Z and an R34. No subaru's, no mitsubishi, no hondas, and no toyotas ""not even a supra, a legendary car"". Like do you hate imports that aren't considered exotics.If you do buy it wait a year until the price drops significantly, then also wait for a steam sale."
,Recommended,241560,11882943,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,AwkwardYet?,Alright so the game is finally outand i can say that its totally worth it.I havent had as much fun with a racing game as this one in years
76561198054356545,Recommended,241560,13296623,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,EL M4G1C0,Can't find my crew 10/10
,Not Recommended,241560,23813127,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hallidayr,spent two hours trying to get the game from not crashing at start up. In the end i gave up and asked for a refund. 0/10 will be waiting for fh3 in sept :D
,Not Recommended,241560,23814970,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lupiyo,"All right, i bought it on friday, still trying to play... No fixes works.People are saying it has a problem with NVIDIA Drivers...I hope a can get all my money back."
,Recommended,241560,13223217,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,beardedpig,"to start things off, if you're looking for simulation. This is not the game you'll want most likely. It's an arcade racing game, and a fun one at least. If you have friends that want to♥♥♥♥♥♥around, race freely, PvP and what not I definately recommend getting the game.  45 hours on record on the time of this review."
,Recommended,241560,14116616,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Ranheim◢◤,"The Crew™ is probably the best car game I've ever played! There are a lot of cars to discover and drive. You can tune and customize your car almost just as you want. I bought the Gold Edition becuase i have seen the game on YouTube and knew that this game was made for those who both like good stories and cars. The story in The Crew™ is probably something I've never seen before. With a lot of action in this game, I could easily give this a 10/10! And for the extra feeling of driving a real car, buy the Logitech g27 Racing Wheel. I highly recommend this beautiful game."
76561198065984293,Recommended,241560,13229280,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,raphaelss10,Absalute freedom to do whatever you want. If you don't want to do the campaign and just drive around go ahead do whatever whenever.
76561197975283567,Not Recommended,241560,14653383,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,k1ll-fuckR,An amusing game... unless of cause you lose connection to uPlay because then you can't play it because you can appearantly go to hell!!! JESUS CHRIST uPlay! Why!!
,Recommended,241560,13268128,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Caghazz,"To be honest, i've been waiting a game like this since NFS Most Wanted. An openworld racing, where you can free-drive even with your friends and its not full arcade play. You need to get used to it if you wanna play it seriously & smoothly. I can say that this is GOTY for me. Story line is not bad for a racing game, eventhough it was a bit rush-end.About Gold edition :It gives you some amount of Crew Credits (Not worth what you pay), Season pass and some cars like Ferrari, Dodge RAM etc.In my opinion, you don't need to buy gold edition if you don't mind about Crew Credits (Which you can use buying cars and kits if you don't have enough cash in game)Just buy the normal version + season pass, would be enough.10/10 would buy again."
76561198120975809,Recommended,241560,13298264,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,ahmeshiko,nice Game but need repair cars
,Recommended,241560,13246318,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,SltrHouseKng,"If you like need for speed, test drive unlimited, test drive unlimited 2,  this game is for you.This game is NOT a simulator, it is arcade, everyone seems to think that every racing game made needs to be sim.Levelling is pretty quick and painless, the story is meh but its there and the cinematics are pretty good.  I can forsee alot of DLC for this game, or ""expansions"" as mmo's like to call them.IGN 7.8/10 couldnt shoot other drivers."
,Not Recommended,241560,21092806,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,DJRainbowCum,Mario Kart has better handling than this
,Not Recommended,241560,21147871,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,MahtXL,Runs worse than a cripple. Ubisoft please fix whatever you broke.
76561198019865649,Not Recommended,241560,21119522,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Rear Admiral Zargoth FluffyFace,It was okay before the new expansion.  Now its an epic grindfest.
,Not Recommended,241560,21085292,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Nutwood1,"I stopped playing a while back when they came out with the betta for wild ""cash grab"""
76561198138242072,Not Recommended,241560,19724171,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Juice,"If you like to drive forklifts too fast (rear wheel steering), this is your game. Worst driving experience i've ever felt...I have been playing race games on a serious note since grand turismo for ps1...this is a disgrace to race fans.The game has amazing graphics and a beautifuly large map. Outside of those two things the game leaves everything to be desired if you love racing games. I couldn't even force myself to enjoy the driving experience."
,Not Recommended,241560,22064525,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,KILLJOY,im stuck on trial verson i bought the wild run and still stuck on trial
76561198027475355,Not Recommended,241560,21116929,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,wolfy089,"after speaking with 3 different ubisoft techs, i am still able to not play this game, even though I have a great computer to run it on. Also heard that before the last update, it was running great and now most people cannot even get the game to start. CMON ubisoft, stop screwing this up!!!!! dont waste your money. The beta was awesome but its not worth it if you cant play the damn game!"
76561198046276204,Not Recommended,241560,19303907,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,JonDon,"The Crash: Won't Run EditionIt took me about three hours just to get this game running. Upon hitting play it would get stuck when installing ""inshelper.exe"". Finally after getting the game to run it only took me about 5 minutes to be able to reproduce crashes regularly. This game has been out for almost a year and I can reproduce crashes five minutes into the main story.  There were also numerous random crashes. I thought this would be a good game. I really wanted it to be. But there is no game here. just a lot of restarting and crashing.0/10 would not crash again"
,Not Recommended,241560,21151805,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,leonstk,"Big Map, Short Story, Waste money... DLC Wild Run only added 3 new spec & no use in Story Mode"
,Not Recommended,241560,21344179,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,PochiPochi,"if you are gonna make ONLINE-ONLY game,than make your game servers STABLE AT FIRST♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, cant even play a god damn thing.throw a ♥♥♥♥ing error code at the ♥♥♥♥ing ""loading save"" screen."
,Recommended,241560,32838541,Posted: 26 June,all,Verbank the NEET,"It's just busy work, The lot of it.You won't get anything new from this, at the end of the day it's just your bog standard open world racing game with performance upgrades locked behind skill challenges.The driving model is simple. it's not quite an assetto corsa, and it's not even a forza. It has more in common with Grand Theft Auto 5 which is to say the driving is approachable and welcoming to all skill sets. However, due to this it is also lacking in challenge and the blatant and rubber banding in the game only serves to alienate the hardcore driver even more.Despite how large the world is you don't have very many single player races to attend to, it's especially odd considering how many real-world race tracks are in the game. Don't think this is a wasted oppertunity though, the tracks are especially innaccurate and are more like cartoons of the tracks presented rather than the actual tracks.The cars are the real stars of the show and the selection, while passable, does not showcase too many obscurities or cult classics. The car selection was more to please the crowd rather than actually shed light on cars that people have forgotten about. I mean it's fine having your R34 GT-R's and your Chevy Camaro SS's but after countless games with those cars featured surely it'd be nice to feature something else, something historical, something new, something borrowed and something blue.The story is Need For Speed Undercover crossed with the 2005 cartoon series Acceleracers crossed with Fast and the Furious. It's a world where everything revolves around street racing, especially crime. It's the dumbest thing I've ever watched in a long time where everything was conveyed so seriously. I honestly feel like all of it would've made more sense in french.It feels like it was written from the perspective of someone who doesn't really understand why people like cars but really likes the fast and furious films but doesn't speak english so they had to watch it subtitled and really didn't pay attention to the subs half the time. In addition, it's very noticable that the main story of the game is just a patchwork blanket of 'things-that-happen-that-don't-really-matter-that-we-put-in-cus-we-need-gameplay'.Everything is contrived. The entire setup for the game is contrived. Theres no setup TO the setup of the game. It's a bit of a mess. I mean, yeah, I don't expect shakespeare but I also don't expect dry oatmeal as the story to my trippe A racing game. There are NO plot threads that are interesting. There are NO characters that are interesting. They set up something and it's payoff is so flaccid I would've rather had no payoff. In parts it feels like the writer thought they were being really hard hitting with their drama but without anything to really get me invested it just made me feel embarrassed on behalf of the people who made this game.The characters really aren't characters, they're just plot devices used to justify reasons as to why you're doing a certain task at a certain time. I can tolerate it but the games serious tone just sucks the joy out of it. I was left longing for Forza Horizon's justification of: ""it's a festival"" for everything you did because that had a tiny bit of joy to it, this is just miserable.+Approachable driving model+Large map-tv movie story-forgettable characters-milquetoast car selection-rubber banding-R34 GT-R with steering wheel on the left hand of the car (WTF?!)Final scoreIt's a racing game/10"
,Not Recommended,241560,20378385,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,LoLnuttt,This game is not even close to done... sure its a neat idea but the game is glitchy as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,241560,14772503,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Neil deGrasse Tyson,"Thinking about buying this game? Don't. Unless you plan on playing with a few friends, this game is absolutely horrible.CONS:60% of the campaign you're not allowed to play with friends.Bots have PERFECT handeling, I mean P.E.R.F.E.C.T. handeling, making for extremely frustrating gameplay.The amazing ""always online"" gameplay is not entirely there. Sure there it's online but it's not what they make it out to be.The bronze silver gold ranking for races are absolutely wonkers. For example, I was first place 94% of the race (according to the end race results), and by the finish of the race I had 10 seconds on the 2nd place runner. I not only had to restart a million times, but I had to make the other bots crash for me to get in first. I got a bronze medal.Vehicle customization is not there what-so-ever. Most vehicles have near to no body kits, and it costs money out the♥♥♥♥♥to make your cars look cool.PROS:Game is pretty. Not gorgeous, but pretty.Police chases are mediocre at best."
76561198098340675,Recommended,241560,31040797,Posted: 9 April,all,Onii-chan,"Been playing this game on and off for 2 years mainly because i was using a potato laptop, ok um to the main point, basically i am wondering if there is any easier way to earn money in game? through skills and redo-ing the story mission? Also when i bought the Calling All Unit DLC it says there will be new mission but i saw none? or is it the police chase thing?Sorry if you guys alrdy did implement a way to earn cash faster , i guess i didnt notice :( thanks in advance"
76561198100018334,Recommended,241560,13261360,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Majorstoner,awsome Game
,Recommended,241560,13269866,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ConMelt,"It's good, It's fast, big map. But it's no MMO. Only 8 players are allowed per region."
,Recommended,241560,14632337,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,rob26893,good game loads of entertainment and plenty of things to do
76561198079143684,Recommended,241560,15354736,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,r.devii,"Although it crashes every once in a while, I still enjoyed this game. :)If you want to just drive around with your favorite sports car and see sceneries while running from the police, then this is the game for you."
76561198160112898,Recommended,241560,15396903,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,David,opneworld and racing across ammerica i dint know i was going to like it this much 10/10
76561198080663710,Recommended,241560,15407106,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,SpyktYa,The Crew is an open world racing game where you can race with your friends or just go on a road trip with them or on your own its open world experience is mostly why i love this game and i recommend it to everyone wanting to buy a racing game or a game in general.
,Recommended,241560,17089024,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,DemonicMetroid,I bought this game when it was still brand new for 60 dollars. It was definitely not worth that much. If you find it on sale and are considering buying it make sure you're not going to buy it for the multiplayer because it's dead. Everytime I tried to go online with it I was never able to get into a lobby with a good amount of players. I had a lot of hope for this game because of how large the map is but when I started playing it I realized that the map is not even close to being realistic. The storyline is alright but not perfect. If you find it cheap I would recommend you try it out because I did love the car customization and how much detail they put into that part of the game. Overall Score 6/10.
,Recommended,241560,17186456,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Leo Danial,"Updated: This is my final review. All of my review on thia game are base on gameplay and its features except story plot, as I always skip them like I do in other race game (except Split Second <3 ).If you have experience in Need For Speed Underground 2/Most Wanted (old), then you might have a same experience in The Crew, with different styles of course. Graphic is ok actually, and the control or handling car aren't that bad. So far it is good, it's cool to see other players during roam mode.Basicly the PvP (non crew pvp) is just same like other race game such Dirt 2, however, instead require host create a a lobby and organize the event, The Crew players that joined the lobby will vote which event they want to try. Haven't try yet the Crew vs Crew PvP (aka team vs team). Event after try I wont update anymore. xPDo caution that server in co-op/PvP is really terrible, most of time you'll get disconnected issue, not sure is this is really base on player's internet connection or it's the game's server issue..There's no rubberband Ai like those negative said, it's just normal Ai like other racing game. There's no perfect and logic Ai. It's yours skills to how you deal with them. Here's my screenshot.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=487074554Here's about Ai info I've been meet:Racer:•Like other game they sometimes can bit speedy or slow, even they speed is same as your. But as I said before, it's about your skills. For me, most Ai racer are very easy to handle.•Most of them stick into they waypoint, lika a train rail. There's a mission that I saw the same car hit on a truck twice (I retry the mission and yea, it occur on same place, same time). But meh, I play other race game before so its just normal.•A Take Down mission really annoying. Dunno how to explain lol.Cops, Police:•All right.. So far I only see two way to trigger chase. 1st, hit anything inside 'Police Watch' area, until they trigger chase. 2nd way is, hit the police car if you see them. If you guys know other way (than mission), please let me know coz its fun trolling them xP•All police just do is only ramming you. The star wanted level seems only increase number of police chasing you, road block and heli. Seriously roadblock is pretty ridiculous, only 1 police car block, with signal obstacles, in any wanted level. Please do not run from them by trying taking offroad, they'll chase you with dirt specs, also with heli, which is really difficult to escape if your car were using non raid/dirt spec. It was hell for me to run from them using Golf inaide forest but it was fun. xDNote: For those people who is don't have a clue about trial issue, copy your CD key in Steam Library and paste it at Active Product on uPlay.Please also do note that the trailer is too promising. I suggest you to try demo 1st. Well, it's still fun and cool racing game I ever played, 2nd of my fav after Split Second.Here's my review so far:-Pros:Big detailed mapAble to see other players roaming around. It's cool!Nice graphicSomewhat it's challenging. Seriously, sometimes there's too many cars (obstacles) on trafficNo cut-scene crash/accident like Need For Speed series (if you think this is cons it is pro for me. I hate when speeding in race or in free roaming, or while eescaping from police you got crash and then a cut-screen, slowing down you).Support are nice, I guess.Most time updateGreat communityCrew vs Crew PvP systemGreat car customization. You can tune your car to into various specs which is street, dirt (rally actually..), raid, circuit. You can't tune Stock specs but you can customize its visual on your HQ.8 players on each roam map is great, I guess.. Assuming enable more players will make the map lag, like most online game I played. Even though the map is very super large scaled getting lag will make player frustrated and stop play. This is my experienced in most online game. At least for me.Cons:Crew Credits systems in-game, in PAID games. Some car cannot bought through bucks. This should not happen. (Note: ingame progress you'll receive free 100k crew credit once. But as I said, Crew Credit supposedly not exist since this paid game, also can make game unbalanced.Season Pass benefit kinda unfair for me. Plus it is expensive, not worth for its features. DLC also expensive.Kinda unrealistic physics.Must have internet connection to play.Ingame player's profile avatar are using uPlay avatar, and can't upload/customize ingame profile avatar like the trailer.. This is so frustrating, stupid, and horrible..Thats all from me. :)My rate: 8/10"
76561198038031742,Recommended,241560,17857061,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,Social features: 5/10Game stability: 8.5/10Gameplay: 7.8/10Graphics: 6.5/10A racing MMO best enjoyed as a single player experience. Crew's are too small to accomodate a small group of friends.
76561198063608695,Recommended,241560,21160306,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,PhillDosh,"Get it when it's 50% off, then it's good."
76561198170077106,Recommended,241560,21194411,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Crespy Cream Donuts,"What can i say? With the help of my small loan of a million dollars and what not, i was able to buy the game AND the DLC and have enough money to fund my Campaign. 10/10 Also you cant enter Mexico in this game! The donald says buy now!"
,Recommended,241560,21227927,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Rimuru [VAC BANNED],"In this game, you play as Alex. Begin as a professional driver (or racer?) well idk and idc.Anyway...This game has an interesting story and enjoyable gaming experience, but it doesn't worth the full price. And I personally do not recommend this game for someone who has never played racing games before. Good collection for racing game fans.Oh and you can't play this game in offline mode. Pretty much like any other game with uplay.My Personal Rating = 6.8/101. A Must Play Game!2. Enjoyable game and Interesting Story.3. Buy it on Sale.4. For Collection Only.5. Do not get this game, ever!"
76561198281026094,Recommended,241560,24387735,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,There's MachineK0v,"Pros:Graphics are amagazinHuge open worldCrashes are realisticThe car is repair automaticaly after a crashYou can go offroadYou can play co-opCons:I have i3 with 16 GB RAM and NIVIDIA GFORCE 660 and game crashed when i want to play it! (sometimes)It have some bugsI bouth this game with 29 EURO and i can't tuning my car in: Monster Tunner,Rally tunner and Circuit TunnerPolice is to rare in this gameSoundtrack is not very amagazin"
,Recommended,241560,13205726,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,The North,Chased a deer in a circle10/10 would chase again
,Recommended,241560,13230521,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,WheatleyTheKat,"I think the games is AWESOME!!!! I have 16.8 hours spent on this games and I have 50 more to go, hope there is going a be the crew 2... Im also glad that they delayed it becuase if they didnt then the game mightve had a couple problems, I know in the beta it did but they fixed it"
,Recommended,241560,13237687,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Peete,Huge World (USA).Customizable Cars.Good Graphics.Many side missions.Many different car specs (Dirt/speed/sport) etc.
,Recommended,241560,13241405,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,PP_PHD,"This game is great if you like racing games. It has many different cars to chose from and they all have ways of customizing them. You can drive across America. it takes an hour of driving to get from coast to coast(havent done this myself but I read that on reddit.) The beginning of the game has a lot of racing, but you can just drive and explore around the country if you want to. Its a lot of fun with friends, but its not required. There's a lot of stuff to do. it currently has a few bugs and the occasional server issue because of how recently it came out. 9/10"
,Recommended,241560,13243096,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,BulletFodder,"With some initial rocky troubles with updates and stability, this game had me swinging from exhilarated to furious and back to exhilarated again.  Right now everything is working fine and its the best damn driving game i've played.I've been a major fan of the Need for Speed series, especially the free roaming, free agent types of Most Wanted and Hot Pursuit.  With those previous titles, they pioneered many features of free driving and competitive co-operative play i've enjoyed.  With The Crew, I get to experience all of that with added elements of full co-operative support, an unprecidentedly open free roam world, well balanced cosmetic and performance modifications.  I'm still getting into the game so i'm still looking forward to the real PvE and PvP experiences along with the action the faction system will bring.For now it definitely gets a thumbs up, though as with any launch title it will have bugs and problems, so be patient (or wait a while before you buy)."
76561198044018027,Recommended,241560,13455820,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Smiggie Balls,"""Why? Cause they loving the crew, they loving the crewThey loving the crewOh, they loving the crewOh, they loving the crewThey loving the crewThey loving the crewThey loving the crewOooooh,""- Crew Love (Feat. The Weekend)Great arcade racing game! Not some serious Narcar game based on realisim. Not alot of cars, but that doesnt take away from the fact that you are probably going to spend alot of money on 1 car. It's going to take you a good while to aquire AT LEAST a 3rd car, assuming you dont spend CC on a better car.The map is really big. Long freeways/highways for showing off how fast your cars can actually go, and nice city streets for smaller races/drifting.The only problems i have with this game are that1. Large sums of money are hard to come buy, especially  if you keep spending money on paint jobs and stickers.2. Connecting with your friends is a pain! For me at least. Either there are no other players being shown for me, or when i try to join my friends crew, it says he is already in one, which is claims is flase.Past those things though, its good fun to just freeroam in your $1000000 car though the USA!"
,Recommended,241560,13580447,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kita,"Edited for Wild Run and patches:Brief:Seamless cross-country racingGreat driving physicsDecent graphicsBeautiful interior details on every carWide system requirementsExcellent wheel and controller supportJapanese voice track makes the terrible story bearable -- The main character is voiced by the same actor as Keisuke Takahashi from Initial D.Very stable, with some minor bugs -- 4K resolution Camera Mode tends to crash the game or forget shaders during rendering.Could almost outcomfy Euro Truck Simulator 2, if there wasn't such a heavy emphasis on driving full speed all the time.Motorcycles just got a physics update, giving them more realistic handling and the ability for dirtbikes to do big powerslides and scrub off jumps, now taking just as much skill to drive fast as the cars. This increases the fun quotient of driving a bike, but makes it harder to compete against an equally-tuned car.Addendum:The whole point is to hit level cap and grind PVP or faction missions with friends, the early game is extremely tedious and limits the amount of connectivity the player has. The first couple of hours in Freeride and you'll see AI driving around in place of real humans. After you get to level 2 or so, they disappear and are replaced with humans, but only if your NAT is good.This game uses a console-style system to deal with multiplayer, so if your home network is not properly set up, you will find it to be a completely dead game, which it very much isn't.You are also kept from accessing your Season Pass bonus cars until after you reach  Level 10. I would have liked to complete the tutorial with the Cadillac Eldorado, but it will be a couple hours of gameplay before you can even touch those vehicles.Base controller settings are garbage -- Make sure to mess with the options to make driving comfortable. Primarily, the speed sensitivity should be turned down, and if you have a newer controller, turn the deadzone off.Not much content - that said, it is a RACING game, and it has all kinds of that. PVP now has multiple gametypes, and the car selection is much better than at release.Some promised features still not yet in gameSTILL NO REAR-VIEW MIRRORS IN COCKPIT VIEWAbsolutely cringeworthy plot no matter what language you listen to it in.tl;dr: Ridiculous fun with friends if you can stomach the kusoge elements, overbearing and far too long tutorial, and odd glitch. There simply isn't anything like it."
,Recommended,241560,17208947,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,CblP 3A 500 rPblBEHb,"To be honest, it's the best racing game I played ever!First of all I like the details of location: nothing escaped form eyes of developers, all made very properly!Giant location, this means when I want take rest of active driving I can just go in nowhere and enjoy it=)I hope this game will be suported and developed for a long, and more cars will be avaible for free)"
,Recommended,241560,18484816,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,dubu,Its a pretty fun game and gives awesome in-game awards !
76561197967641265,Recommended,241560,18752488,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,LinaLusen,Very good it's like TDU2! =)
,Recommended,241560,19455833,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Hieroglifa,-Dobry multiplayer-Grafika-Hratelnost
76561198095719950,Recommended,241560,20566668,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,thechad129,"I bought this during the Steam Christmas sale (2016). I got The Crew and the Crew Wild Run for about $20.  WELL WORTH IT. NOTE: Activate your CD KEy within Uplay, otherwise, you will be stuck on The Crew Wild Run beta. Pretty stupid, I know, but it took me a little while to figure that out since its not an official steam game.You can get a great deal on this game for the content you receive if you wait for it on sale.The driving style is more arcade-ish,  kind of like the Burnout series.Downsides:You receive the occasional framerate drop from 60 to about 50 in bigger cities such as Los Angeles due to the higher volume of traffic.The story is good, but the story missions are kind of repetitive. Hopefully, they can mix it up a little more in the sequel (if they decide to make one)."
,Recommended,241560,21252305,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Sir,Having a blast without the expansion... at least for now.
,Recommended,241560,23981579,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,OWL7seven,the game is ok... i would have liked more tuning options for fine tune performance. to give you that little extra like forza motorsport. great open world. cars are a bit to sidely and arcadey but that just me. i m more for a simluation car game person. NFS underground 2 and Forza are the only games that have stood out for me.but i ll recommend this game to car game lovers out there whos looking for online open world car game with medium customsation
76561198208590604,Recommended,241560,24107163,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Black_Machete,Best game ever!
,Recommended,241560,24108664,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,A-MAD,what is good:1.this game is so big2. lots of tuningwhat is Bad:1.Bugs2.needs strong network
76561198219551664,Recommended,241560,25521716,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ALUC8RD,"So I bought this game day 1, when it came out on 360, and too be honest, it was dissappoining then. However, since then this game has become much better. There are still a few things that need to be addressed. Until the Cops vs Racers update, I'd give it a 7/10. Once the new update is here, depending on what gets fixed, it might go up.1) Open world. And I mean OPEN WORLD. The map is immense, go any where you want to go. It literally takes almost an hour to drive at 150mph to get from NY to LA, and that's if you don't get distracted by something shiny.2)Envornment. Might not make a difference in how your vehicle handles. However the change from forest to snowy mountains to desert adds life to the game. the addition of wildlife also adds a nice touch. challenging when your going 180mph in a McLaren and then DEER!!!!3)AI. Ubisoft still has some work to do on this one. However, compared to what it was at the beginning, massivly better. The cities actually feel like their alive to a point. Its also neat when your in the countryside, theres no where near as much traffic as in the city.4)DLC. I know most people don't like paying for extra game. However, the DLCs have brought much needed content to the game, and has greatly added to the depth of the game.5)Graphics. They are just fantastic to look at, and i have a $50 low resolution TV, so imagine if a High-def TV is used. I can see the individual drops of rain on the windshield.6)The cars. What car game can be complete  without the cars. I still felt that there were too few cars, maybe about 35 total with the DLC. They have been adding new cars for free however, so there's still hope for this one.7)Cops. Ok so this is probably my biggest irritant. The cops are well, easy to beat. They don't really present a challange. However, they do set up roadblocks, PIT you, and they have even down the rolling box on me. However it is so easy to get away. On this one, Im waiting too see what happens with the new cops vs racers uodate in November.8) Physics. Kindy goofy. For those looking for a simulator level of driving, go look elsewhere. Its got a arcady feel to it, which for me its fine. If I wanted simulater I'd go play Forza.9)Always online. With good internet connection, you can still play and not deal with anyone else. They'll still be there, but it doesn't force you to interact with them. However it would be nice too have a offline option. Eventually Ubisoft will have to add it in. They cant keep the servers up forever.10)Story. Really short. Feels kind of forced at times, and makes you go ""wha"" at times. But i didnt get tis game to watch cutscenes, i got it to take a sportscar off roading and launching it off cliffs, because why the F--- not.Overall, I give this game 7/10. It is fun racing game that can make hours dissappear. Id wait til its on sale to get it. Get the one woth all the packs. It'll make the game that much better too play."
76561198050118357,Recommended,241560,13202871,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,S-Kill,"Greate game. Tuninig and racing are greate. Though some side missions are really payne in the a$$ (if you want only gold medals), it's still a greate NFS MW-like game wiht lots of cars, racing modes and huge open world."
76561198073281675,Recommended,241560,13209891,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,bikkanikka,I can drive through bushes.   10/10
76561198109123737,Recommended,241560,13210672,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,HoraHora,Dropped out way too frequent...this game only tells you are dropped after you finish a game. Had to redo most of my races 2 times though the game is fun like a racing gta
76561197965104905,Recommended,241560,13212513,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Cougar,"Massive Open World with tons to do, driving is smooth, upgrade system is easy to use and upgrades are easy to obtain"
,Recommended,241560,13212894,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Hashashin,"In this particular piece of ""Car game"" style, you find yourself working for the special task force behind some bad apples inside the FBI. As younger brother of the leader of the 510 gang ""mi life be like uhhhh aaaahhh (everyone remember the song from fast and furious right), you just saw him be killed right after the drop on a meeting under a brigde( only he dosen't fell like a trap). U got planted, got locked up for 5 years and now, you're back on the street. Leveling up your rides for almost type of terrain out there, you progress as passing to a variety of challenges and side missions, besides the quest line missions itself.Watch out for other runner yet, they still on the ""Crash course"" when running against or cruising the cities (a shame indeed).It's like THAT old game, but with multiplayer now.11/10 must own this one guys, for real."
76561198116970721,Recommended,241560,13230297,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,cababear,"Ubisoft hasn't had a very good track record this year. With buggy games like Unity, Watch Dogs, and even Far Cry 3, I can see why someone would be cautious about buying this game. From my experience in this game so far I am going to use one word to sum it up. L O V E. That's it. This game has so much to offer and I really think that Ubisoft saved the best for last this year. It has amazing graphics, people in the world with you, and a HUGE map and vast selection of cars to choose from. If you are a fan of open world games or racing games or all of the above, I hugely reccomend getting The Crew. To sum it up, there are some cons to this game, as it can be a little repetitive, but, it has an engaging story where you learn to feel for the characters and so many fun things to do."
76561198114880274,Recommended,241560,13234250,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,3 Point Layup,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. The fun that this game has swept me off my feet. The multiplayer is fantastic and same with singleplayer. I had expected this game to be a bit jaggedy at release but it has been the smoothest release I have seen. As of this reveiw I have played 15 hours in 3 days after it's release. This is coming from someone that is constantly very busy, I would stay up late and wake up early to find time to play this. I love the racing dynamics and graphics. The map is giant and beautiful and the detail in every city (except Santa Fe?). I love the fast travel and train/plane traveling. It is so much easier then driving forever to get somewhere because the map is so freaking big! This game is a must buy not for just racing lovers but to anyone with a PC.10/10"
,Recommended,241560,13239797,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,MjeeD,i LOVE ITBest Racing game of the year
76561198044510747,Recommended,241560,13261990,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ocky.rinaldy,This is how NFS Rivals should be!
76561197994318160,Recommended,241560,13263129,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,john_theArtist,"It'd doesn't feel like an MMO. It has a few poorly designed UI elements that appear directly mid-screen while you are driving, which screws up the flow. The police are completely unrealistic. The storyline is one dimensional.But other than that I have no real bad things to say. I'm pretty well impressed and am having a lot of fun playing this game. Just driving around like a maniac is really entertaining.The only odd thing about this game is the players who don't want to race me in the open world. They are too busy getting to the next race.Also there is a few players who drive normal speeds and observe all traffic laws.Awesome, but I'm not going to do it."
,Recommended,241560,13877743,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Filthy Frank /,"i r8 9/11 m8, no h8expecting the graphics to get better on the wild run expansion.the whole america is playable but the scale is not real lifeexpecting more fix from ubisoft"
76561198057277241,Recommended,241560,14230486,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,alxcsb,"Just finished the single-player campaign, or whatever you wanna call the story missions, cause you can do them in co-op as well. Anyway, the game is not finished, yet enjoyable for a very specific crowd. Let me explain. At a very technical level, the game is not where it should be. Laggy and stuttery even on an FX-9590 and 290x, tendency to cook a water cooled processor that doesn't go past 58 in Prime95, and almost unplayable on a mobile platform with an A10-5750M and M290x. If you can muster better specs and get it to be playable and responsive, you'll run into their side of the hardware issues, meaning the server. It might not pe hardware though, but still technical. On some networks it works, on others it doesn't, and it will disconnect every now and then in the middle of one of those hour long races, and you'll have to do it all over again. So, if these are things that you think you can look past just to get a glimpse of the sunset from the Grand Canyon behind the wheel of a LaFerrari, this is the game for you. It looks amazing, the cars sound fantastic, and on hardcore driving mode the driving model is brilliantly tuned for a very good mix of arcade and sort of simulator. Not a simulator in the actual sense, just that it follows a few rules that arcade racers usually don't. Say you're in a controlled power slide, or a drift, and one of your back wheels hits the dirt on the outside of the bend, or the snow, or even a wet patch, you will lose control of the car, because the back end loses grip completely. That is a very nice touch. So, driving model not bad at all, but not a full on simulator by any means. The story itself is a cliche, obviously, you've heard it a million times if you're into this culture, or have ever played a NFS game or seen an FnF movie. Bad guy kills/betrays your brother/mother/sister/any other signifcant family members and then you seek to get revenge by driving fast and breaking the law almost all the way. Nevertheless, this story is told well, with good quality cut-scenes and voice acting. Also, the missions themselves are quite fun, at least at first, because later on the same challanges are presented for the lack of more then 3 or 4 modes. You get the normal checkpoint race, checkpoint time trial, a sort of destruction derby against the clock, where you need to catch and bash into the opponent several times until a health bar hovering over his/her car is depleted. This one is quite interesting and fun, until they pit you against a prison bus that can keep up with a modified Mustang that can do 300 KM/h. Funny, but frustrating after the fifth try. Also has the health or relisience of a prison bus. There's another mode which I shall call ""touch the package"" because it can be interpreted in several ways, and I love a good internal debate. Anyway, this one puts you on a course, against the time, in which there are 100 packages on the ground, the story will explain why they are there, don't worry, not as stupid as it sounds. You have to, within that time limit, hit 80 of those boxes. Sounds easy? Pah. Difficult, but fun.As a whole experience, because there is much more to talk about, and I can't be bothered because it's my night off, and I just wanted to share my general opinion about The Crew, the game is enjoyable if you like cars and the whole customization, FnF and NFSU heritage stuff. For the car enthusiast, the flaws are not there to disturb, we keep hoping that eventually they will be patched, because they are obvious, yet we look beyond them and enjoy good looking and sounding cars, that drive in an impressively fun and engaging manner, amongst scenery that you will probably only get to see in game. By the way, the map is a smaller version of the United States, with little versions of New York, Detroit, Las Vegas, Los Angeles and many other major US cities. Basically, you get to drive across America. And, also important, in my opinion, you can modify your cars in pretty fine detail, and the body parts available are very good looking, and have that racy feel, not the silly Underground toy looking things. You can put together a very good looking off-road version of a 2011 Mustang with 800 horses under the hood. Pretty cool. Thumbs up, but please work on those performance issues at least. Thank you."
76561197999793557,Recommended,241560,15267477,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Towelie,Pretty sweet Scenery
,Recommended,241560,15338614,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,liljaq1337,"So bland.  story is unoriginal and stupid. ""i have to race in order to avenge my brother who was shot and killed"" nooooo. thats a story for a run and gun game, not a street racing game. and do not drive your raid car in Nevada using the nav. it will lead you off a cliff and into a ravine you can't get out of. also, this is supposed to be an open world MMO racing game, nope, you can only see about 10 people at a time. that's not what I saw on the trailer.  just another big let down, just glad i don't have to pay a subscription fee. I'd recomend this game to those who enjoy arcade racing, but will warn them of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ plot line."
,Recommended,241560,16148623,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,batmanhazmat,"ok first off i am a die hard need for speed fan i loved the most wanted remake so was looking for something to fill the void, this game wont feel like need for speed the race mechianics are a bit more buttery and understeering the controls make it worse also you cant win a race with just motor power your going to need your boost as often as you can but what this game lacks in driving experince it more then makes up for in detail OMG i love how detail customization is in this game!!!!!!! i loved making tuned out ricers in need for speed. the game has the room to drive around streach your legs kinda space is amazing the diversity between citys is such a WIN honestly all this game needs is an easy drive menu and more traction on the tires and its gold personaly i love this the off road and different spec setups for all the cars is perfection so if you like to throw your car around and like to personalize your rides this game is for you just beware theres missions where you wont use your car so dont get too attached at the beginning."
76561198095870963,Recommended,241560,16536373,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,|☁Fluffy☁ Gamdom.com|,"Hi. First of all i wanna say that i ENJOY playing this with a friend and i got to lvl 35 in 7h and i have 3 kind of cars R,P and S of course - so far its a great gamepros+Graphics+Chilling+Intense+Nice physics+Off-Roading!cons-Cost of the game :Pall in all i would reccomend to buy it on sale :) - not that it is bad and u waste money - :)"
76561198022765794,Recommended,241560,16541114,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RetroApe,"Get this game and try ""The Longest Course"" mission, it takes at least 1 hour to cross the finishing line. Most tiring race in any racing game that I've played.10/10 would try again.Kappa."
,Recommended,241560,16543308,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mecho Man Randy Salvage,"This is the best open world driving game.  The driving is similar to Driver San Francisco, and the amount of detail in the world is amazing.  I blasted across the Bonneville Salt Flats and knocked around a bunch of rocket cars.  I find this to be a very large Forza Horizon, but just with a lot less cars."
,Recommended,241560,17103153,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MazzoPowah,"I'll be honest: I was hyped as hell when i first saw the trailer.But I waited it to go on sale, and downloaded the trial version first. I was scared by the huge amount of negative reviews.I bought the standard version, no DLC, no Season Pass, they will come later, maybe, we'll see.The Season Pass is tempting me, but 24€ is just a little too much. I'll wait a sale.The driving feel and physics: doesn't feel totally right, I've had better, but it's not so awful as many had depict. Maybe it's just my steering settings, need to look into it some more.Rubberbanding AI: not found. Both when I got the lead and when I was behind, I felt no rubberbanding from the AI cars. Drive clean, with no mistakes, and who's behind will stay behind.Little update: the rubberbanding is noticeable in long races (>30 min), otherwise is pretty much nonexistant.It is not a simulator, at all.Later I'll add some more details, I need to go deeper in the game experience. Until then, it's a 7/10.Get it when on sale (30-50%).EDIT, 1/8: Damn me I bought the SP. Worth. Cars are really well made, only thing that bothers me are mirrors not working. In 2015. Come on Ivory Tower, you can do better than this. Still a 7/10 and still worth, even more if you have 2-3 friends to race with.PvPs are demolition derbies, never seen such unsportsmanship.Fun thing to do is dodge the oncoming opponent, watch the wannabe rear-ender fly down a cliff and taste his salty tears as he insults you in french.EDIT, 21/8/16: More than one year is passed and I STILL CAN'T GET ENOUGH of this game!However, some things really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off:- Wild Run and the incoming Calling All Units are not included in the Season Pass. Need more money, Ubi?- ""Smart Loot"" my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Getting end-tier car parts is now an almost impossible task with all the useless vinyl/paint/rims drops. Either farm money and buy the parts from the tuner shop or get ready for some serious grinding.- Wild Run adds pretty much nothing compared to its price. No story, no challenges, no trials, nothing. Also, bikes behave like cars and your monster truck behaves like a normal car (don't expect to ramp through traffic Monster Jam style).- Car physics are a little too much uniform. Raid cars, for example: a 1750kg Dodge RAM jumps and swerves like a 950kg Porsche. Not good.- WE (at least I, for what is worth) NEED SOME BASIC CAR SETTINGS. High-end gearbox parts have ratios too low, the car in 5th gear does not pull without NO2. Only way to tune gear ratios is to install lower tier parts. ABSOLUTELY not good.- Still can't use custom music in the in-game radio. Seriously? Come on.The vote is still a 7/10, get it if you like roam around with some music (played in VLC), don't get Wild Run.Also, people complaining about game not working with Nvidia drivers or new GPUs: I have drivers version 372 with a GTX1070. Everything works flawlessy. Get your PC right before downvoting a game."
,Recommended,241560,17144508,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,^2HY^1PE🌪,Great GraphicsGreat StoryGreat Game in general!!
76561198155729808,Recommended,241560,17227147,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,YaksaCRO77♛™,I like the story mode i like how the cars it nice game :D
,Recommended,241560,17598493,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Trotskiii3,"the crew. its kinda like Test Drive Ulimited. but much better,its a great looking game trully looks great. and most of the time it feels great. it really depends on if you like to use a wheel with force feedback or not. i think people who got the game and never played it with force feedback wheel will never have any complaints. but the force feedback issues are still around.i have to say i really like most of the force feedback feeling in the game its very good. but sometimes it can get too stong and i think mostly thats been sorted out. or so they say it has. i still notice things i really dont like about the force feedback. like the wheel going light on you and all of a sudden strong force again. i wish they had put more time into the force feedback because they did half a good job. its just a massive shame they did not do a fully good job. it would have really improved the game for me. even with the xml file you can find online for extraconfig xml.. it still doesnt feel perfect. and is messy. i just find it such a shame. because the game itself is very good. especially for a ubisoft game. its great game. but they messed up the force feedback and they dont seem to care much about getting it right. or listening to the gamers issues.  but its playable and fun,"
76561198079166252,Recommended,241560,18235543,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,SouljaBoyTathikor,Best game ever
,Recommended,241560,18256909,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DankM8,"I beat a LaFerrari in my Circuit Spec Ford Raptor , 10/10."
76561198109267970,Recommended,241560,18504965,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Babushka Driver,Awesome Game im really enjoying it !Totally recommended for car lovers.Check out The Crew Wild Run for some Motorcycles ;)
,Recommended,241560,18543040,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,phanrisal,"I've almost never raced in this racing game. It's a driving experience. Whenever you want to feel comfy, you get a friend who also plays this game and drive around the US. Put a cool music in the background and enjoy. After the recent graphical update it looks way better and runs better too. The only DLC I would consider buying would be a Europe map or something. That would be nice to drive around."
,Recommended,241560,18679032,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Bruzer™,"It was a great game before the Wild Run♥♥♥♥♥♥ruined everything :(now the game itself seems more like a dlc.should have separated the game to ""Wild Run"" and ""The Crew"" (as in 2 different games, same publisher)"
,Recommended,241560,19150851,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,AgentSonic |On Youtube,If your going to get this game get the complete pack if not you will hate yourself later 25$ for like half the gameGraphics 8/10Gameplay 9/10Easy to start and hard to master great game
,Recommended,241560,19405735,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mayku Cheroso,"O jogo é muito bom, a costumização e variedade de carros é ótima, o jogo é gigantesco, mas se torna chato cajo seja jogado sózinho então sempre jogue em equipe como sugere o título, o jogo possui varios bugs a maiora das vezes engraçados não atrapalham a gameplay."
76561198248279952,Recommended,241560,19527296,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,that trials guy,hi
76561198174607943,Recommended,241560,21522677,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Nick.exe,"Let me just say, the animators at Ivory Tower really pulled it off. This game is full of any form of racing action: time trials, races, takedowns, chases etc. It has an unravelling plot design, and a huge plot twist waiting for players. In depth missions and public events so you can meet new people and recruit them to your ""Crew"". Full customization of your car in different specs, or classifications, of vehicles.  The only problems I came across while playing was that the physics could be a little off. Overall, it was an incredible game and any fans of racing games will fall in love."
,Recommended,241560,21865647,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Mbah™,Uplay
76561198055572010,Recommended,241560,22175421,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,no_linear2003,I genuinely like the crew as long as you make sure you purchase Wild Run this dramatically improves vehicle handling and adds motorbikes and monstertrucks to the mix as well as dynamic weather and visual improvements. The map scale is truely impressive and the car models are of very high quality making ownership of these cars a real joy to cruise around in.The sigleplayer Story expeience is always down to the wire with nailbiting races and the AI can screw up although not as much as a human will.The Multiplayer option is good and encourages competition as well as working together to finish that hard as balls mission.The in vehicle views and bonet views are very well done and add to the immersion.If I had anything negative to say it would be about inapp-purchases. NO Ubisoft NO. I want to be able to earn my vehicle and drive against players that have earned their new rides instead of people who can just buy the best vehicle and get all the advantages from that.PROS :Graphically stunning as long as you have Wild Run.Incredible scale and detail to the map it truly is MASSIVE!Vehicle Models are of the highest quality.A genuinely fun and exciting story fo the campaign (although generic)AI vehicles can screw up making it more realistic.CONS:INAPP-PURCHASES gives some players unfair advantage over a player who earns their vehicle in game . I don't expect to pay any more when Iv'e supposedly bought the whole game. Get rid of inapp-purchases for sanity's sake it cheapens the whole product.AI drivers can be TOO smart never missing corners and seemingly completing courses with ease they also recover way too quickly as opposed to the player who is heavily penalized for screwing up.
,Recommended,241560,22200027,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,LetraseTT,"I bought The Crew Complete Pack. This pack have all dlc's (The Crew Wild Run, Season Pass, Car Dlc's). I think The Crew doesn't have nice graphics. But The Crew Wild Run's graphics are awesome. Don't buy The Crew only. You must buy wild run dlc if you want nice graphics.Car Variety 10/10Modification 8/10Graphics (Wild Run) 9/10"
76561197995161445,Recommended,241560,23327963,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mediekore,After a few tries i fixed my problem with not-launching the crew (with a little help of ubi support).-Update system with windows update-Do not upgrade video cards drivers to the newest if u already did downgrade drivers
76561198186650083,Recommended,241560,25963757,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Satman09,I am having a lot of fun with the crew but are having the worst experience with it I have had to do so much for the game to start without crashing straight away only to delay the crash later into the play time. Which is apperently un fixable so I have to wait.. Great game though
,Recommended,241560,13202525,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MilesNocte,"Loving this game so much! Its having some server issues but most games do at luanch, once they get that fixed it will be perfect :P"
76561198162162083,Recommended,241560,13211167,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Victor Delano,Purdy Game!A test drive unlimited 2 gamebut much better!
76561198044399010,Recommended,241560,13234179,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,SOCIAL JUSTICE WARRIOR,"It is a very decent racing game, just spent 2 hours driving from New York to San Francisco, the views of the rocky is absolutely stunning."
,Recommended,241560,13240997,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Doowie,"For those that enjoy an arcade racing game, I would highly recommend you purchase this. The story missions are a lot of fun and you get hooked in very quickly.Multiplayer in an racing game in the sense of MMO system is knew and there are things, which need to be learnt and improved upon. However; for the money it's wroth your time and enjoyment."
,Recommended,241560,13241767,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,cqdemal,"There are car games out there that look better, sound better and handle better, but none of them can stand up to The Crew's sheer pleasure and romance of the open road.The Crew is the finest driving - not racing - game of 2014 and probably the very best this tiny subgenre has to offer. Outside of the baffling and bafflingly stupid plot, the game serves up an idealized approximation of the life of a car enthusiast who has nothing better to do but buy great cars, drive them to hell and back... and then drive them some more. With literally thousands of miles to wander across on a map reportedly close to five times the size of Just Cause 2's, The Crew is a paradise for free drivers and explorers, a game that makes the hours pass by at alarming speed in all senses of the word.If you've dreamed of cross-country road trips, this is as close (and cheap) as it gets. If you loved Test Drive Unlimited and its oddball, mildly disappointing sequel, you should stop reading this and buy The Crew right now as it is essentially Test Drive Unlimited 3 in all but name."
76561198043249305,Recommended,241560,13242672,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Danwool,I love the size of this game. Nothing can prepare you for how big it is. The story line is rather shallow and pointless so far (I have yet to complete it). The driving has a mostly arcade feel to it but is not too insane. The cars are a lot of fun to drive and there is plenty to do. The game is very pretty to look at. Even at only medium settings. I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who liked to 2005 Need for Speed Most Wanted or Need for Speed Underground series.
,Recommended,241560,13261033,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,JCMZD,"It's a great game 10/10.  Has a huge map which is a + in my book.  lots of customizing. no real tuning :/ like other games (Forza, Grid, NFS just to name a few) might come in later (ubisoft hope you are reading this). racing is amazing on this game. the scenery of the world is jaw dropping a lot of detail in it and the drive from coast to coast is amazing.One major con the game has for me is the R34 Skyline has the driver seat on the left it has to be on the right(ubisoft please fix this) other than that and small issues still a great game"
,Recommended,241560,13265225,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,KR25,"Might not be as large scale in selection of things such as tuning, car list or other things you might be picky about, but for what it is, there is still fun to be had.  I only had some slight problems with lag and steering wheel issues.  If you're a bit unsure because of some of the negative reviews, wait until it gets cheaper.UPDATE: Now that the game is $30, it is a better time to consider getting it."
76561198009240778,Recommended,241560,13269896,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,acera,"Solid racing game, would be awesome if i had a wheel+pedal set. 10/10 (comparable to the old NFSW Most wanted)"
,Recommended,241560,14190218,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,[MLG]Leonhart,"It's a nice game, however some things are a bit different from expectations:1)Tuning is nice but isnt as rich as advertised and is worse than in underground series2)Not so many cars, but everyone will find what he wants\likes3)Cops are a bit absurd as they are always on par with you regardless of your carBut I think that those things make a small impact and the game is still fun, however I dont reecommend getting the season pass"
,Recommended,241560,14989228,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,T y a l,"Generally this game is not bad. For me it's like a mix of TDU1/2, old NFS World, NFS Rivals and other great racing games.Graphics: 8/10 - I like it but after the new patch antialiasing seems to be bugged, at least for meStory: 7/10 - I'm not even on half of the story but it's decentGameplay: 8/10 - Driving physics isn't bad but it could be betterMultiplayer: 8/10 - I'm enjoying it really much but sometimes lags are ruining itbut there's one thing, which is trying to ruin the game♥♥♥♥ING UPLAY, 50% OF THE TIME YOU CAN'T EVEN LAUNCH THE GAME ""ERROR: UPLAY NOT WORKING, ERROR: YOU HAVE BEEN BANEND FOR 10 MINUTES BECAUSE OUR SERVERS SUCKS, ERROR: YOU HAVE BEEN DISCONNECTED, ERROR: UBISOFT SUCKS"" etc...That's why my overall rating is 6,5/10 - I'm enjoying the game now but it can be boring laterAnd i bought it for like a 25 euro - it's not worth to pay the full price."
,Recommended,241560,15108906,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Yamazai,"Good Car Racing, Enjoyable world"
76561198053525110,Recommended,241560,15308789,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,trust,I r8 9/11
,Recommended,241560,15997593,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,superior spike man technologies,"PERSONAL OPINIONWell, I'm going to tell you that this game needs a friend. Unfortunately, it doesn't come with one guaranteed.When I played this game/ both alone and with a friend, it is the absolute best racing/driving game I have ever played.No, I don't understand why there's so much hate. What do all those haters play, Need for Speed Rivals?All jokes aside; this game is definitely better than its competitors at its gen.I enjoyed this game thoroughly, and would rate it 98/100 (1 point minus for minor connectivity issues, 1 point minus for bad ending)Let me start with the goddamn map. Yes, the freaking huge map. And its not just 90% emptiness, no no no no....Its probably one of the largest maps in gaming history. I'm pretty sure it could go par against Guild Wars 2 in map size.Next up is the main story sequence. Overall, the story was NeedForSpeedMostWanted(2005)-ish and really pushes you to want to know more. Its not shakespeare but hey, I found it to fit okay.The cars in the game are well modeled (except their bottom; but who the hell looks there), and there is a pretty good level of car-modding. Okay, not Need For Speed Carbon/UG2 level, but at least around NFSMostWanted(2005) level. The paints choices are great, and the vinyl choices are not bad. They should make more though.I don't think there is alot of cars in the game, and before people start chirping the game because you can purchase cars; you can finish the game and get the best car without paying a single extra dollar. Just don't pay heed to purchasable cars and you're good. I personally liked their car choices; despite the low car count.The AI in the game (which some saw glitching) was actually flawless for me. They are pretty smart, and I'm pretty sure they are much better AI than that of older racing games. This is because the AI will not let you grind onto them or use them as ""padding"" as you make a sharp turn with them. They will speed up or slow down to make you screw up. It makes the game have a level of challenging in it.Okay, you got me here. The handling. Its not great is it? Well, I'm going to tell you that to each his own because me and my friend both just got used to it. I know, its kinda annoying, but it makes it a tad bit more challenging. It kinda forces you to learn how to properly turn and drift. Not sure if its realistic, but that doesn't matter for me anyway, it wasn't the end of the game.The graphics. This stuff is not your Driveclub or Forza graphics. But its definitely the right gen. I can barely run it with my computer but it looks amazing. Although there are some blotchy textures in shady places, the surrounding game has some good texturing.The Audio is good, but could use a little bit more bass/could sound more heavy.All the different specs you can get for your car, these are what fill in the ""not enough customization"" and ""not enough cars"" gap. The specs and their upgrades are well done, and they give the cars more specialization in what they do.The performance parts in the game are acquired by the means of completing mini-challenges or buying them at high levels. Of course, I didn't mind this as much but I could see why people would prefer buying them. Plus the model of the vehicle's inside does not change, no matter which performance part you pick.I did not have this game crash too many times, only twice from my many hours of playing and also once because my Eyefinity is not really compatible. I didn't find any bugs so far (minus my friend apparently being able do drive underwater once).The PVP in this game was decent, and the MMO-thing is not the biggest thing about the game. I played with a friend; as I said before, and we both really enjoyed this game.The challenges are a bit silly, but they are great in the case that someone wants to get some quick cash. The game's economy isn't that bad.Worth every dime of my 40$.TLDR; 98/100, huge map, get a friend, ending sucks, but overall an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,241560,17280476,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Criffix,It doesn't have the best car physics nor the best graphics. But it's still fun if you play it with some friends.
,Recommended,241560,18107907,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,faggots,"Is this game worth playing?Yes. If you like a average story which is something you just have an addition cause you do the same thing on every mission anyways.Yes. If you are patient enough to fiddle around with Uplay and fix all the issues you'll haveYes. If you like a game which only way of saying ♥♥♥♥ you, you are not going that way is by ruining the physics (hilarious and pathetic at the same time)Yes. If you like racing games, the controls feel like the average arcade racer which is not a bad thing considering how ♥♥♥♥ing hard it is to drive around at more than 90MPH without any handling upgradesYes. If you like to ♥♥♥♥ around with your friends while exploring almost every part of the US until you realise you done goofed cause you should've played the missions cause even the ♥♥♥♥ing NPCs can outrun you in the areas you are supposed to visit laterConclusion: This is a really, really fun game. I had some issues at first, weren't minor. Ubisoft support wasn't helpful at all but that doesn't change the fact that this game is fun with friends or atleast the right people.Grab yourself a Perf spec car and ♥♥♥♥ around near LV dragracing random people cause you can. Then drive to Michigan, Detroit and see the place where white rap started (8 Mile).If you were to drive from west coast to east coast following the laws of driving (speed, stop lights and such) you would lose around 4 hours and 30 minutes. If you were to drive at the highest speed your car is able to reach it would still take over 50 minutes. This game is huge. you should play it"
,Recommended,241560,19151109,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Rasta Homer,great game until wild run came out no i cant launch it at because it uses 99% of my cpu thx ubisoft
76561198042741610,Recommended,241560,19278789,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Alexmhi,fun game for some reason i lowered my graphics and my car went faster...
76561198047830201,Recommended,241560,20717393,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,BloodPanda,"Very good game, wish the customization was more in-depth like the trailers."
,Recommended,241560,20740601,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Alien guy,This is one of the best racing games that i have ever played.
,Recommended,241560,20850640,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ThatTwiggyGuy,Can anyone explain to me why The Crew is telling me my trail has ended when I spent £25 on it last night? I dont want wild run and shouldn't need to spend a futher £25 to play it. Sort it out Ubisoft...
76561198181132043,Recommended,241560,21985073,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,noahbuilder7,Amazing game but make sure to buy the wild run dlc origonally unlike i did. I have to pay about 60 dollar for them indiviualy ut if you buy the pack its only 40
,Recommended,241560,24087565,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,CodezBlack,This is a very fun game and its is quite optimized which means you get a decent fps for a decent PC. Looks like real life with Max Graphics. Very beutiful game and I highly recommend it. TIP: Dont TAB out while in-game
76561198134811387,Recommended,241560,25240808,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dom The Bomb,"99% of my hours were spent crusing around America with my friends, still haven't completley revealed the map. If you love roadtrips, this game is perfect for you."
,Recommended,241560,25733652,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,camel harasser,"They're giving it away for free right now, so you may as well give it a shot.Got it on sale, I definitely wouldn't buy it for full price. Graphics are pretty good, car exterior detail and rain are especially attention grabbing. The car sounds are really weird and probably a weak point-it sounds like they were synthesized rather than recorded. The game world is huge and the detail is pretty good considering the size, but it feels a lot emptier than any of the competition. The driving physics are pretty good and beginner-friendly and you can turn off the assists if you want. Nothing on the level of say, Forza Horizon but much better than Need For Speed 2015. The tuning is probably the biggest advantage-there are a ton of parts for every car. Bodykits, interiors, wheels etc and many cars have widebody versions in the ""Perf"" tuning spec. That brings me to the car selection. There are about 60, I think, plus their various tuning kits. This would be fine but the selection is a bit dumb- we get a Cadillac Escalade but no CTSV for instance. Attention to detail is where a lot of the cars fall apart-cockpit gauges are often off, or in some cases don't even work. You also can't sell off unwanted cars either which I don't get. The money system is annoying but not horrible. The game doesn't nickel and dime you that bad and you can make a lot doing skills and just drifting around, but the system is definitely skewed to try and get you to buy stuff. Cars especially are super expensive but you can test drive them before you buy which is nice. Parts are cheap though and handed out for free for doing skills.It's a fun game but the world feels a bit dead at times and a lot of car appearance and spec details are overlooked. You can get lost just driving around for a long time though, and you can turn off the road at any time. Pick it up while it's free or try the trial and wait for a sale."
,Recommended,241560,13195332,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Cloud Atlas,"Great game, lots of fun, perfect controls, free, open world where you can go just about anywhere(trust me, I tried, if you don't believe me then check out my crazy screenshots).Finally a racing mmo like it should be done.  I hope it stays around for a long time"
,Recommended,241560,13210247,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Steel Shadow,"Yeah, I like this game. Open world driving across a miniature America? That sounds like fun. Wait, I can play this game coop with up to 3 other friends? Yeah, ok, you got me.Now I just need friends..."
76561198157136236,Recommended,241560,13232585,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Almost,"Decent racing mechanics, some missions are fun and enjoyable. Unfortunately you do get 'impossible' missions which are litterally impossible to win. I have had to repeat some missions 10+ times to be successful. It almost seems like you are meant to do a race until you get gold everytime. If you like racing games with good customization, MMO's or The NFS series you might enjoy it. If you dont like getting headaches and slamming your keyboard stay far far away."
76561197979029888,Recommended,241560,13272542,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Karolus,"Wild Run addon is disappointing to me. For cost of half of basic game you get in fact nothing. Oh yea, you can still pay further and buy motorbikes but even this is not possible straight on Steam - you are redirected to other page which does not belong to Steam. I am not a die hard fan of this game so I am not into spending tens of hours to slowly earn game's coins to be able to ride a bike. At least one bike should be accessible straight by buying the DLC, otherwise, for me it is waste of money.And one more thing: why the game does not turn off when I quit? Steam hour counter for the game still works and I can't get rid of it until next PC restart, so in fact hours count spent with this game is false.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Hey, this is the best open world driving sim so far. It's like TDU but better, prettier, more exciting. I would also really like to see usable Petrol Stations, Motorbikes as well as radio playing my own mp3 songs, GPS that looks like the real one, playable slot machines. I hope future DLCs will bring us some of these."
,Recommended,241560,13308547,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Nailedtrash86,"Awesome game. Story is awesome, Map is HUGE! Physics are a bit odd, drifting is weird, but work-a-ble."
,Recommended,241560,13486146,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Atomsk,"-Short and Sweet-If you know what your buying, did your research and understand its an MMO-R-RPG, with future free updates and DLC,Know what it is: Arcade-ish, Horizontal progression, minor vertical progression, open-world.Know what it is not: Not realistic racer, no massive important story, a game thats been out for a long time.Side notes: the BS thats being said about fixing up your cars, complete BS, Every spec, every car has its own style and body parts, i havent seen a clone of my skyline yet. Also iv been helped out by lvl 50's many times, just my Quick Cooping, iv made friends and raced on open streets for no good reason. Story missions done with rando's then friend requested. The car parts are like MMO's loot systems, you gotta complete something to get the upgrade part.Theres a lot of BS comments revolving around this game.The game is what you make it. Thats why its called Open-World.Also if you notice, some of the reviewers that talked♥♥♥♥♥♥on the game, still play it, GG."
76561198014374894,Recommended,241560,15990131,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Panzer Vor,"People say a lot about the Crew. That is good and fun and others swear that it is next to terrible. For me the Crew has been a lot of fun, but I have no interest in being with a group of people tearing up the country-side. I personally like the idea of the crew and the changing of car styles and it forces you to play with all of the spec's (Street, Dirt, Performance, Raid, and Circuit) through the Campaign. Overall if you like driving around a massive open world in any car you like doing random skills, races and occasional pvp it is a lot of fun and worth the cash.---->The campaign in general is alright, it is enough to keep you interested in how the characters work as a whole, but it nothing compared to Ubisoft's other story lines. It was written by the same writer of Red Dead Redemption, but was given a limited window in which to write it. The story feels rushed and a little bit like the fast and Furious, but it is a racing game and the Fast and Furious franchise really set the cliche and standard for many years to come. It is best to think of the Campaign as an interesting Tutorial rather than any form of story.---->The game play is very fun in my opinion. In the open world you can drive anywhere you want with ease and have a multitude of things to do along the road trip. With five different types of cars you can go anywhere. The races are fairly easy in solo, but can pose a challenge in Co-op. The servers are lacking players though, because of the recent political and social mishaps that Ubisof has had, but I have had no problem getting into races in PVP. There is a large gripe about the handling model with this game. *IMPORTANT* It is a little difficult to understand, but this is an arcade racer with a logical handling model. The handling is actually quite realistic; its clunky, difficult, and sometimes very difficult to control, but this is how real cars work at high speeds. (I have two performance muscle cars and race them on the weekends, so trust me when I say they can turn at speed worth anything. One is a 1970 Camaro SS Z28 and the other is a 1970 Dodge Charger R/T) Use the brake and don't just slam on the gas the while time is the key to racing effectively.---->The Customization is more than extensive (except on the Circuit cars but they are supposed to be race cars so I get that.) I have had a lot of fun personalizing my cars to be something that I like and find attractive. I can happily say that they have attempted to find looks and styles that suit everyone's interests. The visual parts can all be bought so you roll out of the tuner with a badass looking Mustang, Camaro, or whatever else. Althought, the performance parts are sometimes frustrating to acquire, but are rewarding after a challenge.---->My frustrations;-The occasional lack of players in the open world-The tiny chance of level 50 parts-The traffic spawn distance is very short sometimes giving you no chance to dodge them when you are ripping along the desert at 250+ mph.-The expense of some of the parts. (Now this is a little bit more specific. Because it is so easy to make money it doesn't really matter anyway.)-The fact that there isn't a circuit spec for the Agera R.---->My Joys;-The customization for the cars-The little things, like overheating brakes and over-spin.-The graphics for the cars and damage models.-The auto-repair for the exterior of the car so you aren't forced to look at a car the is half destroyed.-The Performance tweaks to the driving models that are a little difficult to notice.-The Spec differences and play style choices.-The ease at which you can make money.All in all it is very good. Not perfect by any means, but enjoyable. Worth the money, you ask? There isn't an easy way to answer that. For me I have played a lot and plan to play more so it was for me, but for others who knows. It is really one of those; ""I love it"" or ""I hate it"" games. The hype it got really hurt it. I like it better than GTA five, way more. So if you want it, get it and play with it. Take the challenges with pride and just at least give it a try before judging. My friends and I love it."
,Recommended,241560,16650115,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Cjay,this game has had me hooked on it for some time. the game is fantastickly built with little detail missing from the map.  well done developers.
76561198224444460,Recommended,241560,17161962,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Gaaaaaaaaavin,"Great game but make sure you get the access code right i screwed up and now... Tech Support, Yay :( But otherwise it's a great game. One thing thats a bit odd is the fact that you can go 200 mpg into an 18wheeler and get hardly damaged."
,Recommended,241560,19399852,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Austism,My crew is big and it keeps getting bigger thats because Jesus Christ is ma ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198247823116,Recommended,241560,19491774,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,woop,Best MMO racing game ive ever played
76561198157033914,Recommended,241560,21634847,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Noiz,good game
76561198123936641,Recommended,241560,13201996,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Denizar-,Aside from that first day servers issue... 10/10
,Recommended,241560,13231351,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,=BG= Fuzzy_Rogue,"Okay here I am, two years after the game got released. And having bought the Gold edition, and now CAU with WR it wasn't the cheapest thing here. Hell I might have bough a ship in Star Citizen instead of this. But this game has given me Many hours of relaxation. If we are talking about PVP even some frustration. If you want an open world racing game, get this, but I'd wait for a sale, since it's crazy buying it for the full price with the DLC's, it's important to say that you are good to go with the standard version, altough CAU brings some sweet Police vehicles.But hey first I'll tell you what you will completely love about this game.The world, it's just so huge that I can't stop loving it. I always wanted a racing game where instead of just running around tracks, you could just set a course and go that way. And these guys finally did it. I've driven aimlessly for about 500km's (real). And then another 500 km's with set destinations (without any purpose)And another 300km's when I had to get somewhere.So that's the open world done.Racing SP - AI is weird and stupid. But it can be quite enjoyable to try and stay in the perfect line on the current track. Singleplayer racing is more used for grinding money.Racing MP - I don't like it. It's just exploiting the games arcade drive model. So instead of real driving action you are just sliding and doing unrealistic stuff all the time.The Summit - You do some stuff from time to time to increase your chance to get a vehicle for free, nothing extra.CAU pursuits - Feel extremely weird... You have two abilities, as racer and even as a cop. They slightly are slightly different from each other, but extremely OP. Just press one button each 40s to literally stop each and everys cop atempt to stop you, cop players end up just resetting to the transporter to get emp'ed again... Cops are in a huge disadvantage, if you are Dark Souls kind of player who just wants to die of frustration, suit yourself. For Racers it's a grinding quest, where occasionally you get intercepted by a cop player, and just follow two simple rules 1) head for the destination 2) Press any of your abilities when ready and cop players are nearby to ruin their day and secure yourself that you get the money to buy another car to do the same thing again to buy another car and so on.Vehicles - Another thing that I love about this game is the amount of cars. They might not represent their real life counterparts. But hey, they are not completely same cars. You get European supercars, classics, sportscars, American Muscle cars and Japanese tuners. If you have a favorite car, it is probably there.Customization is also fine, most of the time you get about 8 bumper variations, hoods. Wings, rims. Hell of a lot of colors and stickers. To make your favorite car appeal to you even more.Also I really love the added police vehicles. Nothing says security more then a cop driving 360km/h in a police Lamborghini Gallardo SVVerdict - This game is just great for wandering off just like you do for instance in Skyrim.Unfortunately you can see throughout the game that the energy to develop this game went into the wrong aspects. I personally think that Ivory Tower should've gone into the RP style of gameplay, similar to Test Drive Unlimited. They focus too much on ""your"" Crew, that is just a normal group like in WoW or any other MMORPG.But if it is in sale, and you crave for a driving game with vast open world and a variety of vehicles. I say go for it."
76561197976627476,Recommended,241560,13233401,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,ShoKrazy,Just get it already! If you like NFS or TDU then you'll love this one too!
76561197970508239,Recommended,241560,13233771,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,5479142,Having a blast!
76561197971355904,Recommended,241560,13236659,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Samwise,"Ok, let me get started by telling you I'm not a big fan of race games. That being said I honestly think that The Crew is one of the best racing game experiences I EVER had to experience untill now. The way it lets you take the wheel and just gives you the ability to drive all across the states did it for me. Can I also mention that the graphics in this game are A M A Z I N G ! Really some of the best attention to detail I have seen in quite some time. For me hands down the Best racing game ever."
76561198077685957,Recommended,241560,13240934,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Marin,"The game is awsome. Runs great with no problems. Cars look and sound awsome. The only thing i would say it's bad are servers sometimes,but you can continue the game in a short time. The game is a must have. :)"
,Recommended,241560,13241250,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Names,one of the best racing game i've played so far since NFS Underground
,Recommended,241560,13258338,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,THE ENTIRE KEKISTANI REPUBLIC,great concept.   ♥♥♥♥♥♥ exucution.   Car physics are borked.  handling is♥♥♥♥♥♥  AND IF I'M IN A ♥♥♥♥ING PICKUP TRUCK AND HIT A LITTLE CAR. IT DIES.  SIMPLE. cops are ♥♥♥♥ing IMPOSSIBLE.  any kind of escape mission is a lesson in futility.hopefully they will patch soon.GRANTED MY RECOMENDATION IS BASED ON HOPEFUL FIXES
76561198039075474,Recommended,241560,13264219,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,NeoAnderson1955,"I'll give it an 8.5. The cars you can customize drive better the further they are leveled up. I always drive alone as i can't get anyone to be on my Crew.I'm at level 35 on Pc version as of 12.6.14. Would be better if the cars didn't spin out so much when they get hit. Cops are annoying & sure bust you quick once your stopped. Would be better is the tires didn't spin so easiy when using nitrous. Some of the cars such as in the Infinity Challenge just can't grip even the road when they near their top speed,Who ever heard of a super car hydro-plaining within their operating designed limits, Would be better in there weren't so many wheel choices of the same rims in 3 colors, would be awesome if we could just powder coat the rims in our choice of colors. That would eliminate so many rim choices. The Crew is the best racing game since Driver San francisco & Need 4 Speed The Run for sure. I'm sure Need 4 Speed Franchise needs to get with the game & not be so limited in it's predictable game style of very limited customization choices. Nuff said"
,Recommended,241560,13343743,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Wiking,"Good game but pretty bad physics and are many problems with friends and crews, there are good customization options in different specs too"
76561198049863610,Recommended,241560,14322481,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Kiljoy Was Here,If you like America and cool cars then this is the game for you or at there very least a game that is worth checking in to.
76561198038255875,Recommended,241560,16049106,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Yo Son,"This game might not have the best driving/ racing interface nor are the graphics that spectacular, but the Open world is massive and fun to drive around in.  When you're done with the story progression, you're left with an open world that is full of challenges, and fun things to do, one of my favorite being stalking other drivers."
76561198007857608,Recommended,241560,16152392,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,RyanT,"Basically it's a nice game to enjoy with friends ,++ Supports any driving wheel sets++ Freeroaming-- Car can be improved further-- Lack of cars-- Car parts are earned , not upgraded or bought"
76561198012839407,Recommended,241560,16492594,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Nightime,"I never write reviews, but I had to for this: This game is totally worth it.I've been waiting for an open world racer forever and the scale of this is incredible. The biggest hesitation I had was graphics. I'm on a gtx 960, I'm used to playing max quality games whether it's Assassins Creed or Starcraft or Guild Wars 2. The reality is, I'm used to good graphics, and I can't play anything that looks terrible.This game, with gtx 960 I can easily crank up to maximum, and my God it looks beautiful. I mean, I guess it was the expectation that it might be crap, thanks to all those negative reviews and the only videos that portray PS/Xbox gameplay. But on PC, with max settings, it's a modern game. And that's critical because I want to tour the country!Now gameplay wise, I just started, so I can't tell you yet. But even if it literally had 0 story, 0 missions, no campaign, I'm satisfied. And I can't wait to spend hours just driving around the country and check out all those cities I've visited before and explore all the new cities that I've never seen. Screw the AI, screw the online gameplay. You want those? There's already plenty of games before The Crew that deliver on that. You're here because this is literally the craziest open world driver there is.Thanks Ubisoft. And to those hesitators out there, I deliberated since its release, and now I've picked it up and totally worth it."
,Recommended,241560,16540636,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Roadkill135,Loving this game. kind of like Forza Horizon meets Need for speed with a good dose of RPG stat rolls thrown in.
,Recommended,241560,16547124,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Battlebeyond,"Online racing RPG, if you like realistic racing games, stay away from this one, it's an arcade racer.Level up your cars and customize them, be sure to look up guides on car handling settings for one that fits your style.+ Huge world, drive to Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca and then drive off to the mountains, you can go anywhere+ Dirt, mud, grass, snow, sand, icy roads, roads, highways, cities, circuits...+ Fun handling, burn tires, drift, jump unreal heights and reach speeds of over 400Km/h+ Great graphics and highly detailed world from one end to the other+ Over 40 cars with unique visual parts, bodykits, over 100 rims, and a lot of paint jobs+ Great sounds, from car to environment+ Many skill challenges to do all over the world+ Unicorns- Short story, boring and senseless- No single player races except for the story ones- Only supports about 10 players per online session- End game is all about farming car mods and it takes forever- Weird things happen sometimes when jumping and flipping over"
76561198210941520,Recommended,241560,17090239,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,CleanV1RUS,11/10 (:
76561198091870895,Recommended,241560,19342813,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,-XallBaTa* {} <3 [BGTrans],This game is just amazing ! I love it !
,Recommended,241560,19513404,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Rudboz,A pretty good racing game. The grafics are up to date and the cars are looking nice. But the last update destroyed the nice feeling and the driving experience. Also now its more up like you have to buy the DLC wild run.
,Recommended,241560,23980133,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,lemit93,Better than need for speed!!
76561198147772954,Recommended,241560,13202448,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DRIFTHUNTERZ,"I love that they put  singleplayer in the too.Because I play on my laptop, and i don`t always have internet, so that comes perfect to me ;)"
76561198063965916,Recommended,241560,13205810,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,RockyDylanBebb,"I have literally never given a review for all the games I have ever played in my 23 years of living, last year I got into PC gaming. I purchased a g27 Logitech steering wheel and have been playing racing games mainly since then. To satisfy my ""free roam/buy cars"" itch I had been playing Test Drive Unlimited 2. Awesome graphics, Fun enough gameplay and hours of me crusing around Hawaii drinking beer and driving XD.I have read a HORRENDOUS amount of negative reviews about this game and since it was able to be played last night I havn't put it down, I dont know why it says 8.5 hours played. For one, the driving feels exactly the way I want a game like this to feel, I play other racing sims such at Assetto Corsa, WRC3, RBR and I will tell you, i would NOT want The Crew to play like that. WAY more fun being able to fly 120mph in an over powered 370z around corners and flying off rediculously over sized ramps (on the fly challenges are F***ING cool, you'll learn when you start playing) than it being on the ""Realistic/Simulator"" side. I mean seriously in those games you have to actually drop it to about 15mph around a sharp turn to keep your car in control. Do you REALLY want to be doing that in a NFS style game? No, it would get highly annoying.To those of you with a g27. This game works perfectly with it, 900* of rotation feels just right. Plently of tweaking options to make all your pedals feel just right, Force Feedback kicks just right with what your car is doing.There is alot more, just message me or comment for more questions.Must buy, 10/10, BAD A**."
,Recommended,241560,13210104,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SirPsychoSaab 刀,"Not bad Ubisoft, Not bad at all."
76561198016057400,Recommended,241560,13268682,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,rbrt09070,"After 1 day server issues the did a night patch and alle problems where gone, the game doesn't crashes and playes really smooth. The online part with the crew and faction is really cool and i a thing a hoped whas in the last NFS but that wasn't the case then. There are a lot of cars when you in relation to the kits street, dirt, preformance, Raid [more offroad and cirquit and all the visuals parts you can buy.Ubisoft did the month 2 out of 3 because Unity was not good but the Crew and Far Cry 4 are as good as sugested, Go Ubisoft."
,Recommended,241560,15330010,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,The Old Man (Leon),"awesome car game, sure some things aren't 100% but ♥♥♥♥ it's the first game you can interact and just drive on the road to have a good time, or hell drive off road if you would rather launch a car off the side of a cliff go for it. it's all there. smash into a few cops get most wanted than speed away and dodge around a few corners and get off scott free. it's all here come play on PC and find me Mystaleon tearin these streets up!!"
76561198045270916,Recommended,241560,17126783,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Ploutos,Nice exploring racing game! 10 / 10
76561198103622978,Recommended,241560,19682777,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ATVwayoflive,"Amazing game. My opinion is that is one of the world's most underrated games ever. It runs great, the cars look great. If you think the steering is too slow just adjust your sensitivity. I've travelled a lot, bought a lot of cars and now bikes. It is awesome to buy the Wild Run DLC. It is worth every penny, I simply love the game. The pvp events are nice, and the map is just amazingly huge. LOVE IT!"
76561198185260918,Recommended,241560,20055672,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,cooltttyyy123,awesome
76561198058077941,Recommended,241560,21307506,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Covlion,"Not sure why some reveiws are so bad. I bought The Crew and The Crew Wild Run on sale, Its a great deal. Honestly this game to me is a perfect MMO racer. This game has TONS to do, if you love racing and open world with a MASSIVE map. You will enjoy this game. The reviews are at mixed but they should be a mostly positive to very positive. The graphics are good for what it is, a massive open world online game. Don't expect an mmo to have perfect AAA graphics."
76561198072051408,Recommended,241560,25204291,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Awayuki,"I dont know why pricing cars and modifications so high, even total income by carrer task cannnot afford a luxury Lamborghini or Ferrari. The price just like free force-to pay mobile game, but i have already paid for game"
,Recommended,241560,11887496,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Ka†ana Champl☯☯,"Maybe its a dream come true when it comes to modifying the car of your dreams, reaching top speeds from your ride in a colossal map and being chased by police :D. Only when you have a four man (or woman) crew with you your in for a exciting police chase of 2014."
76561197995628887,Not Recommended,241560,14718983,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,t3r3nt32000,"I like the ideea of the game and where it's heading, but i don't like that I had to pay that much for the basic game version and then I would have to pay more for the cars and upgrades! I mean, if you want money, name your price for all pieces of the game and not only for chunks of it !"
,Not Recommended,241560,28091010,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Durnehviir,"With this new update, ♥♥♥♥ man you guys have to fix a LOT, seriously.- The race guilde line. ( the ones that tells you where to go and when to hit the brakes or gas ) is completely broken, it was never that fantastic, but it was playable, but now it constantly tells you you're off track or the line just completely dissappears. example: I was just playing a faction race in the south, one of more than 1 hour long ( according to the game... ) and after every check point the line dissappears after about half a mile after you hit the checkpoint, you're better off without than with the raceline.- Setback to track. djeezes, that one is one of the worst things there is to complain about rn. IT BLOODY SET'S YOU BACK TO THE PREVIOUS CHECKPOINT INSTEAD OF JUST BACK ON THE TRACK. During my faction race in the south there I had lead of more than 1 minute, they were more than 4 or 5 miles behind me, I crash into another car, I get reset, ♥♥♥♥ING HALF A MILE BEHIND THE CARS WHO WERE PREVIOUSLY 5 MILES BEHIND ME. and it didn't happend just once, happend multiple times. and now that I'm writing about setbacks, if you go off track for too long with a street, dirt, perf or circuit car and you wanna get a setback it sets you in the middle of where the ♥♥♥♥ you are, everywhere but on the road.- Guardrails. whenever you're going with a decent speed over the highway ( or any road ) and you end up sliding along a guardrail if you don't watch out it'll stop you at an instant. flip your car to the other side of a road or just crash your car completely. seriously? I lost soo many times because of this glitch. along with all the other ♥♥♥♥ed up stuff, look into it and fix it.I used to enjoy this game a LOT, played over 200 hours on it because I really did like this game, but not anymore, with the new update that went live couple of hours ago, there is soo much to fix, seriously. I like this update with the cop cars and stuff, but instead of being greedy to money and making a new dlc, focus more on glitches and bugs in the game. I do know you probably have a team working on that, but put more people on that team because with this update, you have a LOOOOT or work to do."
,Not Recommended,241560,21122044,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,demonslayer2011,bought game. downloaded. installed. updated all drivers just cause it said i should. 3 hours later finally load game. and what does it tell me? oh. no. you cant play unless you buy wild run too. ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,241560,19300137,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,lucasnake,"i want to refund this,but it already too late :("
,Recommended,241560,13207383,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,alexalex95070,great game but ive only played a couple hours of it until it started lagging like hell. really needs an update that fixes all the problems other than that really its an amazing game once all the problems have been solved.
76561198065156288,Not Recommended,241560,21031411,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Monkey_Business,"Nice map, cringeworthy physics, boring cliche story. Aspects of a free to play even though its not (Thanks Ubisoft)This game is everything I didnt want this game to be..."
,Not Recommended,241560,14005602,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,MisterTwo,"This game was quite a letdown, to be honest.The physics are awful, every car handles like it is front-wheel-drive, any collision will send you into either a cutscene, or will shove you into oblivion,Traffic will spawn randomly causing more collisions and annoying cutscenes,The story is flimsy at best,Objectives are repetitive,Map is large, but sparsely populated with cities, and the cities that do exist in game are much smaller than they should be.Police chases lack any real substance (all they do is follow)Lack of carsLack of customizationThe customization that the game does include feels like it came straight out of F&FThe Crew almost feels like it should have been released about 10 years ago with NFS: Most Wanted, because that is exactly what this game reminds me of."
,Not Recommended,241560,14115967,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Drrabbit,"Mediocre, racing machanics are good but their is nobody around. very boring"
,Not Recommended,241560,24026261,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Ahaan,"I'm sure this is a great game. I wouldn't know because the game didn't work. From the moment I first downloaded the game and launched it, it didn't work. It would say that ""The crew game stopped working""."
,Recommended,241560,33163920,Posted: 2 July,all,Spooky Meowt,"Do i like the crew? yes.would i marathon the crew? probably not.why? The game feels complete yet so broken at the same time, take the driving as an example, the cars look good and sound as they should but the feel so...FakeHow so? Well the cars all feel like they are made out of cardboard and control like it too, grip is non-existant and one wrong move will ruin your speed.but hey, the maps a huge plus."
,Not Recommended,241560,14474481,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"Ubisoft has created a new genre of racing game, it's neither arcade or realism, it's Ubisoft genre which is really, really bad.This game is one of the worse racing games I've ever played.The cops are like walls of brick.I finished a quick activity where i needed to drive through the arrows and a cop was after me, it shouldn't since i was in an activity but oh well i end up the activity and now i can't to anything cause a window appear to show me my score and right after i was gonna click on something so I could retry it I got bursted... What the heck is that?There are many flaws other than that but In my opinion, that is the worse of them.It is an MMO but why is the connection always required? That's ********, In 1, 2 or 3 years, when the servers will close, what we'll do? Lost 100$ for a game that is not even worth 2$ that we won't even be able to play anymore?I'm not pre-purchasing games from Ubisoft anymore, I got my lesson, thanks Ubisoft and congratulations.Seriously, If I could get a refund I would ask for a refund right now.Now I'm stuck with an horrible game to finish.I thought that this game would be so great, I'm really disappointed to be honest.It could have been a really great game.2/10 (I can't give it more than 2, I'm not even sure if it does deserve 2 to be honest).The 6/10 review is way too good, a 6/10 game is a under-average game and this game is far but really far away from that.Facts are facts.This game is crap, it's not a simulation, do not believe those idiotic morons who says that this game feels like a simulation one, it's pure arcade, the problem is not that this is an arcade game, the problem is a that it is a really, but really bad arcade game.It feels like a Pay2Win game (or spend a lot, but a lot of time grinding for crap) that I have paid 110$ for.Of course I'm done pre-purchasing games, from any developers, developers and publishers are cancer nowadays, the only game I am glad I pre-purchased even If i didn't not play it alot back then, was the Witcher 3 because it has content, the price was okay and it doesn't have crappy greedy ""we're too incompetent and brainless, we need your money, feed us with your money, we're w**res"" microtransactions.People who pre-purchased the game (such as me, not pre-ordering any Ubisoft or EA Games never again, never did with Activision, Treyarch and Infinity Ward) paid 110$ for this piece of trash that required you to be online 24/7 if you want to play, the season pass is not worth **** and the game is made by a bunch of pathetic incompetents, we barely got any content and we have to pay for crappy ""expansions"" that should be in the season pass since we got barely anything off it.We paid 40$+ for a few cars... Okay? And we have to pay for the crappy expansions wannabe that should have been in the season pass in the first place?Damn it Ubisoft, you're worse than I thought, you have no limit to your dumbness, pathetic greedness, you are easily in the top of the worse developers ever, probably worse kind of human too? You don't kill innocent people, that's it, at least, that's a start but you ♥♥♥♥ them up with such bullcrap.And you except us to buy more of your games?Right, even some brainless dudes can dream I guess.Like always, they're lying, they says that there's more than 100 cars on this game but there is NOT, it's just different variations (dirt, street, raid, etc). You can't say that there's more than 100 vehicles, that's just bu**sh** and you know it, one lie after another, Ubisoft are the best at it.The driving is horrible, the handling is horrible.The physics are simply horrible, the physics were better in many 2000 racing games than in this one for fu**'s sake.Microtransactions on a 110$ game.The cops catch you way too fast (you stop for a second and you are already under arrested, that is not realistic at all).After finishing a challenge, It brings a screen with your score and stuff but if you have cops after you then you'll get arrested and you can not do anything about it.They sell DLCs that should come free with the game, let's be honest, anyone with gray matter and who know how a computer works can make meshes and textures, animations are more complicated but if you spend the time learning, you'll be able to do something way better than what those morons at Ubisoft did.There's not many vehicles and they all feel the same but with different speed.Microtransactions on a 110$ game.Now they sell an expansion that people who bought the season pass should have for free.I could say a lot more but I'll stop here, well done Ubisoft, well done, you are seriously pathetic and your name is the definition of ""greed"" and ""incompetent"".Wait, did I said that this game has mother♥♥♥♥ing transactions? Because there is.In my case, he only reason to keep playing this game, It's because I paid 110$ for this crap so better make it worth it even if the game is in all honesty, sh**.And it will probably be too late in a few years when they will close the servers, will they add a offline mode? Seriously, I doubt it, we're talking about Ubisoft after all, a bunch of brainless, worse than headless chickens, ****oles.I'm always straight when it comes to facts.Save yourself some money and do not buy this game, they're probably going to close the servers way before 2018 and they probably won't even add an offline mode, if they do, then I'll be impressed and they'll deserve an award for being somehow competent.This game should be free to play, seriously, just stay away from it.The question would be... Which one is the worse? EA Games, Ubisoft or Activision/Treyarch/Infinity Ward?This question is giving me a headache...And now most of the developers follows them.Where is all of this going? I love video games, I really do but it should just stop, no more producing, or at least, not from incompetents such as those, it should be illegal for them to make any games.Sorry not sorry if you love Ubisoft, it's all about the facts, I don't know how you can like them after all what they've done, perhaps 19 years ago, when they started but not today, they're just bad.Are there even bots in this game? That roams freely like in Test Drive? All I see is humans, sometimes, there are like two players, no bots.I don't know if this game has bots or not but it doesn't seems like it, which would be pretty stupid since a way older game has them and they were pretty good, sometimes, you thought they were humans.Seriously, just go play Test Drive Unlimited, it's a way better game, it may have a few flaws and not the best handling ever but does this game even has a good handling? Not at all, not even average.Heck, even Test Drive Unlimited 2 is better than this.I'll be waiting for my offline mode with bots, If i don't get them, you can be sure I won't be buying any of your games ever again Ubishit."
76561198067457798,Not Recommended,241560,14439988,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,davidobutt,An amazing game for us 60fps racers but lacks being able to restart the story and or game to enjoy all over again which is absurd as the game save is on ubisofts server and unable to delete. apparently only option to play from scratch is to buy it again. If i had to do that with any need fo speed game and counting how many times ive replay`d those games i would have paid thousands. If ubisoft gives us this option i would  give 10/10 but 5/10 as its an impoant feature to all games otherwise many great games would be long forgotten.
76561198104027900,Not Recommended,241560,14499853,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,!!! PERAWAN TUA !!!,"♥♥♥♥ i cant launch this game,i dont know whyi launch the game and nothing happen, i try again and same like that NOTHING HAPPENFIX THIS  !!!!"
,Not Recommended,241560,24223487,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nighthaven,"Do not buy this unless it's on a sale. Unless you have people to play with, don't buy it at all. Plus, the game has ♥♥♥♥ed Anti-Aliasing so even an OCd 960 with 4GB of VRAM can't run this at over 60FPS if the AA is cranked all the way up. A 960 is light years better than a GTX 580 (The recommended GPU) and it still can't max the game at an acceptable framerate. Also, after finishing the story, unless you want to go into PvP, you have nothing to do apart from roam around looking at the landscape. Which doesn't sound bad for a game like this but believe me. You get ♥♥♥♥ing tired of just driving around doing nothing pretty quick. The story is really damn fun but if you put time into this game daily then that's over pretty quick. I just wish that this new expansion had added more story missions but nope. I bought this on sale for $35.99 CAD ($27.60 USD) and I feel ripped offTL;DR : Unless you have people to play with, don't buy this. Even on a sale. Little content. Gets very stale after finishing the story."
,Not Recommended,241560,14764238,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,All Might,"If you are looking for a good racing game, do not get this one. The steering feels unresponsive and the car physics are terrible."
,Not Recommended,241560,14812725,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Krieger,"Idioticly bad steering, AI is always ahead, whatever you do, can't change difficulty, got to go back and get a platinum everywhere if you want to buy anything at all.... 0.2/100"
76561198143865567,Not Recommended,241560,20180903,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Squwedaledo,demo?
,Not Recommended,241560,28245837,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,SnowyChains,"I bought the ultimate edition of this game (which came with the season pass) and when the new dlc ""Calling All Units"" came out I excited to get to try out the full version of the dlc. I never got the dlc the ultimate edition doesn't include the new dlc and that was what I was told by steam support so don't waste your money on ultimate edition unless your ok with being ripped by Ubisoft."
76561198078404919,Recommended,241560,13209509,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Maximus Decimus Meridius,"Overall a very good game, i have 6 hours in the beta and something like 12 in the real game so far..Though, in both the beta and the full release, I seem to see a lot less people than those in youtube videos i've watched..I'm not sure if it's just me but i also have yet to actually have a chat with anyone in game via the chat system, i type in freedrive, private message, and even the crew  that i was randomly invited to. My attempts to make contact with the few other players i've seen have seen me following them around spamming ""can you see this"" and ""flash your lights if you see this"". If anyone can help me with this or shed some light on whether or not it's supposed to be this way i'd be greatful.besides that rant,9/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,241560,16149436,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,✪Predictive,Great racing gameSome glitches (rainbow colored roads only 1 time though)Otherwise Great game10/10Great with controller aswell
,Recommended,241560,18684777,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Scope #RemLife'sMatter,"Most MLG game ever,it have STUNTS :#Let's jump into it :#Pros:-Super graphics-Nice storyline-Super nice cars-Stunts-Multiplayer-Hot babes :#Cons-Uplay-Bad phisycs (i knew i spell it wrong)-Uplay-Cops op (2 sec and you are done in arrest)Best game ever,stunt sistem is REALLY REALLY good,cops sucks tho"
,Recommended,241560,19794048,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Task Force 131,the big US is here you can get your car and drive all over us .... cooolllll ....... the good graphic and car handling and .....they game story is cool you can play single player  co op and multiplayer  which is soo cool .this game is mix of many other game like Need For Speed World and Driver: San Francisco and Burnout Paradise and Dirt 3 if you like any of dose game you will like to play this game  .the only part I did not like was the wild run add-on they force us to pay 24$ more to have full game .if you  want to have every thing buy complete version or the crew wild run don't buy the base game (The crew )Graphic       9/10Game play  9/10Story           8/10div team work   7/10sound 10/10single player time  +20  hoursmultiplayer time    +30  hoursworth to buy this game with  29.99 price  YES
,Recommended,241560,25591657,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Teddy E3,Glitches Glitches Glitches Love Glitches
76561198148506398,Recommended,241560,18865370,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Bobby Flay,Love this game! Deffinetley worth it and can't wait for the wild run DLC!
76561198198688513,Recommended,241560,19216072,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,hotrodhayden,"i so recommend this game it is one of the most fun arcade racers ive ever played, i love how you can just go anywhere i highly recommend this game for people who like games like burnout paradise and games like that"
,Recommended,241560,24253300,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,i fuck your mom,"Poorly optimized. My PC meets the recommended specs and I get 25FPS in big cities using 720p low.Should you buy it?From sale, yes.For full price, no."
76561197970978759,Recommended,241560,13221373,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,THEGREEN,"It's only been out for three days, and I nearly put 24 hours into it.It's only been out for three days, and it is the second most screenshotted game in my library (the other is decades old and holds thousands).It's only been out for three days, and I already regret not telling myself I should try every other game before this one so I don't get sucked into it.It's only been out for three days, and I'm hopelessly addicted.Three days."
,Recommended,241560,14714732,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,reyn,"Great Game, made by the TDU devs, Sadly published by ubisoft and using their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ uplay service.7.5/10P.S whoever suggested always online needs to be stabbed with a pencil."
,Recommended,241560,15246352,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Stayz,"It's an okay game, would be around 40 dollars worth at best, for the leveling and grinding.The game follows the mmo rules to the point.The good.Really huge map (which was it's sell point)Fun community if you can find any.Racing wasn't bad if you had realistic controls.The badCars felt like paper  no weight in the engine at all. Full trottle in my old car and it would leave skit mark every time.♥♥♥♥♥♥AI cops included. how can cops spin out of control and not be a challange at rank 5 while drivers in races be 10/10 no stopping the♥♥♥♥♥♥train.not a lot of cars. would like to see more cars and some weight in the engine of all cars at best..It's good if you like the good old need for speed underground 2 kinda theme. it was fun not gonna lie i had my share. if you can get it at 45 dollars do it. if not look at♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,241560,17555394,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Muscle Duck,A nice game fixed (terrible launch)Pros:-Easy Money-A LOT AND I MEAN A LOT OF MAP-Good costumization ( I hadn´t seen one like this since nfs carboon)Cons:-Medium Graphics ( which is bad for a next gen game)-Few Cars (like 60 and u have to pay real money for 10 of them)7/10 would buy again and the next DLC (Wild Run)
,Recommended,241560,18463375,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Orange,A season pass is only valid for the games season...otherwise it'd be called a lifetime pass.If you buy wild run you dont get the season pass cars...so if you buy the season pass why should you get the wild run cars? This game is fantastic andd people who give bad reviews because they don't have the wild run are just mad because they are missing out on some fun.
,Recommended,241560,24064936,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Maximus0451,Only good on a sale.
01189998819991197,Recommended,241560,17127895,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,The Fantastic λctionwill65,"The Crew is basicly a newer version of Test Drive Unlimited 2, the game from 2011And I'll be honest, as much as this game holds up to being one of my all time favorite games, It doesn't beat the hundreds and hundreds of hours I had of fun on TDU2.The good- Open world- The world is absolutely stunning graphics wise.- Awesome Road Trips!- Good story.- You can make your car look amazing!- The AI traffic is good in free-roam.- The driving physics are okay... I suppose.- The in-mission soundtrack is absolutely amazing- Troy Baker. (Look him up)The bad- Microtranactions... I used to play TDU2 before so I'm used to this, but still, c'mon.- The crashing physics are horrible at times.- I said the traffic AI is ok, but when racing, they're really annoying, they see a Shelby Cobra going down the road at 170mph, the AI is like ""I'll just pull out cus YOLO"" and you crash instead of doing what a normal person does and WAIT!!!!- The cops don't chase you for speeding... I WANT COPS TO CHASE ME!!!- You can't sell cars? Why? I don't know.Overall, 8/10EDIT:The Wild Run dlc is overpriced for it's content. The graphical changes are free, DLC or not. Get it in a sale"
76561198071270190,Recommended,241560,18943003,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,DeltaZ3r0,"The Crew ReviewWARNING: My opinions are just opinions, nothing more. Do not just buy this game because I said so, look at it overall and ask yourself if you want it.Side NoteA lot of people are saying that they keep getting disconnected from Ubisoft servers because of Ubisoft. They are lying. Ubisoft have fixed most, if not all connection bugs on their side. It is just their internet, if you have a solid internet connection, you will be able to play with hardly any interruptions at all.SummaryThe Crew is an open world MMO for racing. Sounds familiar, no? If you liked Test Drive Unlimited, you will most hopefully like this. It has a variety of cars, and what with a few DLC's and the new expansion pack 'Wild Run' coming out (more on that later) soon enough, this game will have you playing for quite a few hours either racing through the story, or taking a leisurely cruise through the Mountain States.Features- 30+ cars- 5 regions: each different from one another.- 5 different specifications: Street, Dirt, Performance, Raid, Circuit, 3 to be added: Drift, Monster and Dragster.- Short story, so you can get down to the pure racing and cruising- 8 player sessions, 9/10 times you are paired with your friend's session.- Lots of ways to make money.- Game will look beautiful, thanks to the new overhaul made by the Wild Run (17 November)ConsSome parts of this game can be enough to put some people off. For example, if you're looking for a deep storyline, MASSIVE amounts of players to mess around with and races with great AI, this game is not for you. However, lets face it. 32 cars all driving around in the same vicinity would take a beating on your PC (unless you have around 2 grand to play with). Also, this game will force uPlay on you. Not necessarily bad, just thought I should point that out. (Some people HATE uPlay).TL:DRLong story short, don't let people tell you its bad and then never play it. That's what the demo is for. Play the demo, see if you like it, and if you do, then go ahead, buy it and have fun. Think of this game as a successor to Test Drive Unlimited. After all, it was designed by the same people.Rating9/10★★★★★★★★★"
76561197983740996,Recommended,241560,17419918,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Chane,"There are some reasons to dislike 'The Crew' but one that makes the game a recommendation – it's fun.Pros:- Enormous map of the U.S.A.- Very interesting, long campaign, almost like a movie. IMO best story ever in a racing game. 65 Missions- Some extremely long races. 2.5 hours from Miami to Los Angeles via New York!!!(Perfect to turn your head off after a long day at the office)- Nice graphics (if you find the right settings)- Many ways to improve your cars.- Cars can be tuned into street, off-road, performance, race or rally cars.(some cars can only be tuned into some of the types)- Visual tuning- Performance tuning- Co-op missions- Cockpit view- Different radio stations- Country side looks fantastic (cities not always)- Total open world, also in all races- All cars feel different- Police (but too easy to escape)- Tons of mini games- All kind of animals, the crocodiles in the New Orleans swamps look fantastic- day/night cycle- addictiveCons:- Frame-rate sometimes drops, especially in cities. Changing graphic settings does not prevent this.- Car handling isn't the best in the beginning of the game but gets better after improving individual car settings- Very hard to make money, but you need money to buy cars. After 40 hours of playing I only have like 10 cars. There are about 50 cars in the game but you have to consider the different race-types (race, rally, etc.) So you can have like 200 different cars if you have the money. (not all cars support all types)- You can buy game money with real money :-(((- Some cars can only be bought with real money :-(((...but you do not need them to win in MP- Permanent on-line connection required- Game takes long to start- Upgrading cars is time consuming and can be frustrating. Every car can be upgraded to max level 1299. You need to play tests (hill climb, slalom, speed test, escape, etc.) to collect upgrade kits. But the game randomly decides which upgrade level you will receive. So even if you successfully complete the test you might not get the upgrade part you need. If you attempt to upgrade a car that already has a high level you can repeat tests like 50 times without being granted with the missing part, although you succeeded the test 50 times. Alternatively you can buy missing car parts but only if you have already earned the desired upgrade level and the fact that the game keeps you low on money makes upgrading by buying parts a painful decision.- MP race selection can be frustrating. Before each mp event every player can select their favorite event. Players can select the track, the car type and mp event type (racing, king of the crown, etc.). They can decide to activate or deactivate contact with other players and activate or deactivate traffic. A random selection carried out by the game will decide who's player selection will be played next.- High influence of luck in MP if you play with crash kids. You can lead 90% of a race but if someone pushes you into a field at 300 kph you're almost certain to become last. IMO it's best to select races with deactivated player contact but it's a matter of luck if you will play such race or not because the game decides which event is going to be played.- AI is too easy most of the time- Not a MMO. Eight simultaneous players in free drive mode- No rain, no snow, no weather conditions- Uplay- If Ubisoft servers are unavailable you can not play.- Sometimes mp players seem to cheat, but very rarely.'The Crew' is not a serious racing game like 'Dirt', 'Grid' or 'Project Cars'. It's an arcade fun racer in a cozy, feel good world that simply looks fantastic. The star of the game is the enormous and beautiful U.S.A. and the story."
,Recommended,241560,19722454,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,SpartArticus,the dlc wild run is over-priced
,Recommended,241560,21621616,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,JoJe,This Game is Legen... wait for it.Daryyy 10/10
,Recommended,241560,18426460,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,KommissarieN,Best Car game on steam! 9/11 Best simulator #tomlgtodrive
,Not Recommended,241560,19495650,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,DT Suri Maharaja nan Banego-nego,well i have a bad feeling about this gameand yeeppp it is truei must buy another edition?well nope
,Not Recommended,241560,19693183,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,NongJoy,Internet Error Every Time This Is A Piece Of♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Not Recommended,241560,19293103,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Amrel2k,♥♥♥♥ YOU GUYS WHO MADE THS I JUST BOUGHT THE GAME AND THE NEXT DAY I HAVE TO BUY THE WILD RUN EDITION SO ♥♥♥♥ YOU GUYS WHO MADE IT AND WAS NOT WORTH THE MONEY
76561198025541397,Not Recommended,241560,19810445,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,ggreggarious,"Absolute piece of rubbish. From the unwanted Wild Run ""upgrade"" that is one big advertisement for the Wild Run DLC, to the inexplicable graphical and physics bugs, and the rubberbanding AI, stay away from this game. It doesn't matter if you are a fan of racing games or massive open worlds, this game is not worth your time. Trust me, I've played 100+ hours and I just had the final straw. While playing a long-running faction mission (> 1 hr long) the road disappeared and left me unable to steer, accelerate or brake. I had to abort the mission. The usual fix of bringing up the map doesn't work because you can't bring up the map during missions. If you are a fan of games that have a well-designed difficulty progression then this game is not for you, either. Some missions are overly easy and others that are ranked as easy are next to impossible. Likewise, some hard-ranked missions are way too easy. It's as if random goals were set for each mission and the difficulty rankings were randomly set as well. That said, if you like games where you have to grind to progress, then this game is for you. Not only do you have to grind for upgrades, but just playing the game is a grind. In my experience the most fun thing to do in the game is to free drive with your friends, and not the game itself."
76561198103639585,Not Recommended,241560,29914199,Posted: 13 February,all,Rodfather1988,"With almost 200 hours on record, I think it´s a good time for a review.As in many other racing games, you always want the best car, the best spec, etc, so, I bought the Agera. The Fullstock car is amazing, it´s behavior is quite impressive, even realistic like a sim game, but when I bought the Perf spec for it... Have you ever imagined that a fylly tuned up car would be slower, inferior, on any aspect, comparing to it´s stock version? Well, neither did I.I stop playing this game for a wile after this and, when I saw ""The Wild Run"" i came back to play, to make some money for the bikes and the other car´s specs. It´s been a long time, for me, since thye last time I played a racing game with both cars and bike (last one was Midnight Club 3) and i was really anxious for that. Bikes are good, fun to ride but they are not match for cars. I mean, They do have a great performance, but to compete with cars, they are not as good as they should be.They have improved physics, grafics, but to me, it´s more of the same thing. The game is unbalanced, catchup ruins the game, bikes are way underpowered, extreme specs are way too expensive and hypersports car can loose to a 370z easily.In other words, this game had anything to be great, but it failled miserably."
76561197976447344,Recommended,241560,27732739,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,qBernie_GER,Buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥ but you can never let go.
,Not Recommended,241560,24357739,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Skeleton Dickbag,"Three parts boring and/or frustrating ~story~ missions to one part actual decent racing.  You can't reset your saved game and start the game over without buying it again for another account.  You can't have a quick free race by picking a route and car type, you have to replay story missions or do new missions.  Some objects are physics objects you can plow through and others will stop your car dead, and the distinction is arbitrary.  Car customization is sorta okay but really overpriced, and to get more money you have to either farm completed story missions or spend real-world money on microtransaction currency.Not worth it."
76561198088542828,Not Recommended,241560,19162129,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,The Nova King,"Since the Wild Run dlc came out it has broken fraction missions, and endless black loading screen when fast traveling or playing missions. The only thing you can do is resart the game. Not worth buying at all."
,Not Recommended,241560,14338359,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Yenney,"Mediocre game.... It had great potential and missed the mark in several ways.- handling is off , wayyyyy off. Feels like assasins creed controls were just switched over into a racing game.- AI is crap- Servers are crap- Low graphics quality it spots it shouldnt be ( textures, other cars on the road ect )I am interested to see more games of this nature come out... I feel this had great potential , but wasnt quite what I was expecting... 70 / 100. Will look into the series when the next one comes out.. maybe."
,Not Recommended,241560,14248354,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,MP,"I may have enjoyed my time playing this game, but I can't run from the fact that the game is wasted potential. I really only enjoyed my gamtime bacause I was was playing with friends.The game is fine for the first 20-30 hours of gameplay, but after that the game feels like a chore. Locking in every 3 hours to get money bacause it's to boring to acually earn money yourself doesn't mean that a game is fun"
76561198115444519,Recommended,241560,34434135,Posted: 23 August,all,OomPiet,Great game! Love the Huge map and all the cars + all the challanges. This game could keep you busy for hours.
76561198023785211,Not Recommended,241560,24001495,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Galenmacil,"Pros- Decent wheel support for an ""arcade driving"" title. At least with a Logitech G27.- OK car physics and handling. Hardcore ""petroheads"" are probably going to laugh at this but from my experience, car handling is fun AND challenging.- Huge and very diverse environment. Driving game with huge environment are not exactly common so...- Nice graphics during sunrise and sunset: Very impressive lightning.Cons- Extremely poor support of TrackIR. Cannot even look behind with it while you can with the mouse!- Glitches: All over the place. Floating cars, ""cars inside"" the road, floating rocks, slight but constant stuttering when loading assets. Heck, during a cut-scene, my car literally went through a prop in the scene!- Intense network rubber banding/teleportation of other players cars.- Washed out, ugly lightning effect during storm and raining... Nights are also very dark. Lightning is not consistent: Range from superb sunrise/sunset to WTF moments at night and during cloudy weather.- The game use some sort of ""instancing"" where players are not necessarily going to encounter each other, even when exactly at the same spot on the map.- Lots of DLC exclusive content and ""buyable with real currency"" cars. Not a fan of the latest.- Of course, UPlay, which totally sucks. Add another layer of unneeded complexity to the whole experience.So, if I could, I would give a ""maybe"" rating. But I can't so, I have to rate it negatively.If you like sand box, non-hardcore driving game, you might find it interesting. Exploring the map is a blast... but expect glitches. Get it during a sale at 50%-80% rebate."
,Recommended,241560,27264734,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DVAted,"I've had the great pleasure to watch this game blossom from a good idea, to an E3 announcement, to a closed Beta, and then to the released product with constant updates! I've had great pleasure driving in this most massive map, particularly the offroading, the dirt-biking and the skill challenges. I've aimed for and earned the Hummer H1 from the first two weeks of gameplay, and I've taken hundreds and hundreds of screenshots through the excellent Photo Mode feature. Great gameplay, great map, amazing vehicles. Looking forward to the police expansion and the Jeep Wrangler introduction in the next few days! I can't say quite clearly enough how this is the most complete and gracious racing video-game. Congratulations, Ubisoft! My highest regards!"
,Not Recommended,241560,14855893,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,J-Pod,"This game had huge potential. As somone who preordered the Gold edition, I was was leading the hype train. Sure there were a few features missing on launch, but surely a big name like Ubisoft could get that fixed quickly. 3 months later, and they are no longer even making pretenses of fixing the launch day problems or keeping their early promises."
76561198168690505,Recommended,241560,16563959,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,✡KINGELI✡,"Played for a bit and so far this game is pretty good, I hope I'm not mistaken."
,Recommended,241560,23232655,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,N9NΞCROSIX,Yis
76561198314577244,Recommended,241560,24292708,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Tier1_Operator,"The Crew is not bad at all, racing and mmo combination are great"
,Recommended,241560,24485523,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mickey Al,"Very good game. The cars look great, the graphics are awsome and the map is giant."
,Not Recommended,241560,22057767,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Forza PC = Bug-Life,"MUST NOT BUY for following major reasons:1. EXTREMELY BUGGY since the launch of game. Unacceptable issues has been brought up with almost every month's patch which makes us nearly think they're here to make the game worse: how the car viewing angle turned 90deg with chase cam when your car's overlapping another opponent's car in no collision race (solved), stuttering issues for high-end PCs (NOT SOLVED AFTER A YEAR), nitrous not working for online races with manual without at least 1 car reset since Wild Run, NOT SOLVED WHAT THE... , and this March patch what has just turned up? ATI and Nvidea graphics users might not even able to start the game and game crash straight away.2. RUBBISH car physics. Even by arcade standards the physics are pure trolls, EVEN AFTER WILD RUN. For god sake Ubisoft your game engine is based on Atari's Test Drive Unlimited 2. How the hell  could you possibly make it so much worse than that game what the FU*K? O_O TDU2 at least has friendly controls while still retains bit of realism, if by no means much ... but you Ubi, bikes that can go to complete stop from 350km/h/220MPH in less than 2 seconds plus hit the wall at almost 90deg and still no crash, catch-up mechanics and INSANE AMOUNT of slipstream that can allow a car to override top speed by 70km/h and TOTALLY ruins online competition, collision physics that allows your car to ""skid"" past traffic even when u hit them head on, race cars that can go 420km/h with those huge wings+corner 50% faster than in reality ... it's honestly disgusting in its own way. I rather have something even more detached from reality (e.g. Burnout, Ridge Racer) than experiencing your half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥efforts trying to go for poor extents of realism.2.5. Extra steering rate for non-DirectInput controllers and steering wheels. Ehm yes ... if u uses either 1 of them you have an unfair advantage of being able to steer the front wheels so much at any speeds and the car can still response to such even at likes of 300km/h because of bullsh*t overpowered tire physics.3. Poor online structure. In simplest terms, The Crew uses some of the worst multiplayer connection programming which results in players in the same lobby who're not host to have latency. This often ends up with the host ""off-sync"" from his actual positions causing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stuff including both palyers slipstreaming each other on their own screens and the 3th place host player in a close finish ended up 1st in result screen. ""Summit"" tracks also lacking checkpoints real badly, forcing top players to go for insane shortcuts for majority of them.If you really want to buy a racing game from Ubisoft, honestly, I rather hope you may consider trying out ""POD GOLD"" which is from the f**k-graphics 90s and you can download from GOG site for just $5.99 featuring compatibility for Windows 7 or above. Yes it's full arcade physics and no graphics quality to talk about, but it's got beautifully designed track layout + AI difficulty that can put you to smile for losing so badly just like those games in arcade centres. I can safely bet for most POD is even better than this piece of typical modern crap which other gaming companies seemed to have learnt from EA's NFS somehow just to steal money from kids. Topping with Ubi's Assassin's incident, I swear I would never buy Ubi's racing game for the 3rd time."
,Recommended,241560,34826635,Posted: 8 September,all,nine,"The Crew is a fine game, and thats it, it's an above average game.The car list is fine, the handling is fine, missions are fine and the ubisoft servers are suprisingly stable.The biggest shinning point is that the map is huge, and thats not an understatement.You can spend good ol' 30 minutes just traveling from NY to LA.As i mentioned above, the car list is fine to say the least, there are only around 80 cars and with grinding being easy and getting free cars from the Delivery crates missions, you'll find yourself owning most of the cars in weeks.""Then customization must be good?"" you may ask yourself and yet again its only fine.You can defenitly make aesthetic looking cars when they are in the perf, street and dirt specs.but then when you get the raid and circit specs the customization suddenly dips, which is a huge shame.But here is the worst part, The Crew is online only meaning that Ubisoft can pull the switch any moment they want.And now that the sequel is coming too...Before i end this review i want to talk about 2 things.The AI and how unstable the game gets at times.First the racing AI,Its just bad and very amusing to watch.For some reason when the AI is moving really fast it loses control over the car leading them to over take you and then immediately crash into the closes railguard.But beyond that if your car's level is higher than what the mission suggests. Its gonna be like a walk in the park.But the traffic AI has to be the biggest pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ It does nothing but get in the way of the fast paced racing, ESPECIALLY when the server takes a dump and just ♥♥♥♥♥ all over the road with traffic cars.This game is really unstable sometimes, and thing is.My pc meets and even exceeds the recommeded specs.And still the game manages to♥♥♥♥♥♥itself when it comes to fps, randomly crashing for no reason.Sometimes even bugging itself out when completing a race by not showing the results menu and bricking my hole system.But all in all, its a fine game. Defenitly an enjoyable experince.Id rate it 5/10but seeing how the sequel is coming along. I think its better to wait intill that releases.TL;DR:its a fine game with problems that can get on your nerves sometimes."
76561198087818706,Not Recommended,241560,19291570,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,M2A2Gaming,"This is a full priced game that if you buy it after about 2 hours of playing it tells you to buy a $30 dlc to continue playing the game. Do not buy, such a rip off."
76561198070654412,Not Recommended,241560,19151301,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Wasabi,"At the moment The Wild Run has broken the ♥♥♥♥ing game, Ingame it tells you that you have The Wild Run, It even give you missions and cars, and when you try to drive to that location, your game will crash, and you wont be able to close the game unless you open task manager.Until they fix The Wild Run, stay away from this game. It's a great game, but this update had ♥♥♥♥ing broken it."
76561198091022209,Not Recommended,241560,14280270,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Colonel Fuckbag,"When im being chased by police in this game it makes me rage more than call of duty because you can be 2 miles away and somehow their crown victoria can catch up to you within 5 seconds.Pros :- Great map, it's really awesome;- Graphics are good;- Cockpit view, the interiors are well designed;- Simcade driving is fun;- Many specs ( Street, Dirt, Performance, Raid and Circuit ).Cons:- Lack of cars, only 47 fullstock cars (if I'm not wrong.);- Exterior car custimization is just poor:- 200 rims ? And you get like the same rim with 3/5 different colors.- The bumpers, some of them the only thing that changes is the headlights.- Stickers, pre-made stickers that you can't even change the color of them;- The MMO , ... when you launch the game you can see like 100 people on the same server as you, but while you are on free-roam you can see up to 8 people. That's like driving offline, with an option to PVP that will take you to a lobby with 4~8 people to race against.- Cockpit view:- When PVPing if there's no collison , the other player will just pass by your car and you won't be able to see nothing in from of you, only a black shade of your oponent.- In cockpit view your mirrors don't work;- AI , the AI is just impossible, if you are being chased by the police it's really hard to escape. You can go 400 km/h with a Circuit SLS on an Highway that a Ford Crown Victoria will chase you down.- Some of the game physics are just out of this world:- You get rammed by another player or a AI car your car just fly's away, you try to ram a cop you get stucked.- You hit a fence or a pile of garbage on the sidewalk you lose like 10/20 km/h;- PVPing, sometimes you need to wait 5 minutes to join a lobby to get rammed mostly.- In PVP the lobby leader (the player with most wins) is the one who dictates wich track you are going to play and the settings, with or without traffic/collision, instead of being choosen by a vote among the lobby players.(...)And there's the Crew Credits, that for me it's neutral, in my point of view they are there to help people that lack of time to ""farm"" money to buy a car that they like, or parts of it, for people that buy the game to play 3/5hours a week.Because you can easily make money doing pvp races (15~18k bucks each race and with perks the most expensive car is like 708k), you can buy all the cars and parts without having to buy the CC's.Should you buy the game?Yes/No.- Yes, if you are into this type of games, but buy it heavly discounted.- No, if you buying it full price, because for the price that they are asking for it they should give players way more stuff and not this.To me this was the most expensive ""early-acess"" that I've ever bought."
,Not Recommended,241560,24784467,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Stans Dad,"I am in two minds about this game. The gameplay itself is quite enjoyable, it's an arcadey racer much like Driver San Francisco. But there are far too many flaws for me to recommend this.1) The grind! If you want a decent car you better be prepared to either grind tedious missions over and over or buy some in game credit. Most missions net you 2k, but top of the range cars come in at 700k not including the tuning which some will set you back 500k. That's a lot of grinding for little reward.2) The story is abysmal, I didn't care at all about what was going on or who these people were. Which would be ok if it wasn't for;3) The missions. The missions in this game is the same repetitive few types with different locations/cars. It will either be a race (by far the best), an escape from the cops mission, a checkpoint time trial or a Smugglers Run esque cargo smash. That is as deep as they get and you will soon get bored.4) Little reward. I don't really consider this a spoiler and I think perspective buyers should be aware. There is no reward for completing the story. No car. No paint job and just the same diddly amount of cash as the rest of the missions.5) Always online and Uplay. Not really an issue for me but understand this is important for people with limited internet connectionsThat being said there are some positive points to this game. The map is huge and full of landmarks, the Wild Run add on creates a bit more variety, and if you manage to get a crew cruising round the U.S.A can be fun.I have played this with a Logitech Driving Force GT and it will work ok, but the arcade controls are far more suited to a controller, both controller types are supported well with mappable button configs.All in all I can't really recommend this game, especially not at full price, but it may be worth a punt on sale if you are looking for an easy on the eye arcade racing sandbox. It is what it is, and is easilly worth getting on the cheap for the map and crew antics alone."
,Recommended,241560,34747434,Posted: 4 September,all,DJ Red Rad,"I really like this game. At first I gave it a negative review because I don't really like Uplay and I had some problems starting this game because of Uplay, but I restarted the game and it worked. I started loving this game more when I got a control for it. I would advise you to get a gaming control for a better more fun experience. I love the need for speed games but the good one's are not on Steam, so honestly this is probably the best racing game on Steam right now. The soundtrack is good, it's not epic but it's good. I love how they give you the map of the entire United States of America. I love just cruising long distances it's so much fun as I really like road trips, if you like racing games like need for speed, don't wait any longer this game is really fun and the map is huge! It's the best racing game on Steam right now seriously apart from Test Drive Unlimited but the graphics are better here, I even love how when you don't move the car it does like a little showcase of the car and the camera changes in a very fashionable and cool way, this game is really good, I give it a 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,241560,22991710,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Its Ya Boi Skinny Penis,"aside the dumb physics, glitches and cliche short story this is a solid game"
,Recommended,241560,17127937,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,charlie,"What The Crew gets right is its stylised and scaled-down version of the entire continental USA. Cities are shrunken caricatures, but the truly vast sweeping tracts of land between them means traversing it really does capture the spirit of a cross-country, city-to-city road trip better than any driving game before it. Plenty of racing games curate a bunch of different backdrops into their track selections, from urban street races in major American metropolitan centres to icy blasts across snow-swept mountains, flat-out sprints across the baking desert, or muddy expeditions through giant Sequoia forests. The Crew admirably does all this in a single game world you can drive across in one lengthy session.This girth has come at a cost, though. It’s a world that looks fine whipping by you at speed, but it favours sheer size over the kind of granular detail we now expect in modern open world racers. Cities are smattered with recognisable landmarks but don’t really seem built to stand up to stationary scrutiny. Combined with low-detailed NPC cars (complete with entirely black, opaque glass), some forgettable effects (splashing water is especially dire), no weather, and the fact that the models of the 40-or-so cars are in a league below those of contemporaries like Forza Horizon 2 or Driveclub, The Crew struggles to shake the look of a game several years older than it actually is."
76561198087345091,Not Recommended,241560,17407041,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,gautam02000,"WHen I try to run this game the Uplay app starts up automatically asking me to porchase this game again.CD key while installing tells me that the game is for another region (so it wont activate)i am nor able to play this game. nor am i able to activate this game.ITS SUCH A WASTE TO PURCHASE ""THE CREW GOLD"""
76561198224929280,Not Recommended,241560,23839673,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Adven,"I have to say this game is sometimes horible to play on the pc. I mostly got it because of the story and the fact you got to drive in the US. But this game is glitchy at times and the scenary is mostly bad. Of course though this game is suited for low graphics range that makes the game more playable but makes the scenary worse. I don't reccomend you get it on the pc but do get on the PS4. If you have shortage of screen cut off that is mostly because you may not have 1080p. That is okay, still play it!"
,Not Recommended,241560,32352651,Posted: 11 June,all,SpeedCleaner | 2O-70,"Doesn't run, something about Uplay is not working and the game crashes all the time."
,Recommended,241560,31979679,Posted: 26 May,all,R3starter,I love the free play and Exploring!
76561198079313298,Not Recommended,241560,23195594,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,General Aladeen,"For a game that was intended to be fully about player custimization and choices. As well as a huge diversity in the way you drive. This game falls short. Extremely short. This is by far one of the worst excuses for a racing game I have ever seen, after the first hour or two, you'll be completely bored and out of will to do more of the grindy missions, with the generic story. But then again, it's a Ubisoft game, we can't get our hopes up with them folks, they are one of the WORST names in gaming as of 2016, stop buying their cashgrabs and trash, I surely will."
,Recommended,241560,22391617,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Alpha,Get into the gameplays pvpplayer's internet its in nutshell + potatoget last placesomehow glitched to firstfinished as first placeand players ragequitgg.......
,Recommended,241560,13502186,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tunerz,The Crew is basically what people wanted after black box got fired. It has a big map that can take minutes to hours to explore with a lot of variety when it comes to terrain and climate. There is hidden wrecks that you can find across the map with different specs such as Street Dirt raid perf and curcuit. Most of the wrecks are hot rod based and they have a lot of features when it comes to customization.There is a lot of customization in the game such as bumpers spoilers skirts vinyls rims paint but there is something that has been bugging me and that is that some cars doesn't have that much customization options if not anything at all. Like the maserati gran turismo s you basically have no options here except for changing the OFFICIAL rims or the OFFICIAL colours. You can't customize the gran turismo s. And in curcuit spec there isn't that much options either you basically get a big body kit but with no options to change it. Just like raid spec you only get that 1 body kit.Also there is a lot of cars / specs from the trailer missing in the game and cars that I would love to be in the game. there is only 2 import tuners in the game and that is the 370z and the skyline R34. Where is the Evo's or the RX7 / RX8's Supra's GT86's ETC? The 2012 Dodge charger has mitsubishi evo parts but it isn't the same.The story is very short and very difficult trough the end most likely just to make the gameplay longer. I'm not sure if this game was rushed or they just lost their creativity but if you bought this game just for the story you will be very dissapointed. It feels like the full game didn't include the full story and it just ended too fast.The physics are very weird in this game. Sometimes you will get random cutscenes where your car flips and crashes which is skip-able but still can get annoying at times. ESPECIALLY during missions or pvp races.After exploring almost every part of the  crew bought and customized almost every car in the game and found almost all of the wrecks there isn't that much to do anymore. Sure it is fun to do road trips at times but it can get very repetetive.Overall: Awesome game for cruising and customization but it lacks some features such as fenders specs and cars. Especially japanese cars which highly dissapointed me because there is only 2 japanese cars in the game :S Huge map with a lot of different areas to explore and cruise with your friends.8/10
,Recommended,241560,13262634,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,otty,"I will write a quick, straight on review for those who are wonder how the game is.This come from 33 hours of gameplay, story done, top 90th in pvp some days ago.There are things that bothers me about the game:-Customization part is that there aren't really many hoods, bumpers and stuff to chose from they mostly have little details changing between them, and they are usually tied to a spec, so this mean, no Skyline stock hood on a Perfomance spec Skyline! Bumpers and the rest are usually repetitive, not to mention the vynils You can't change their colours.-MMO feeling, this is the misleading part. In your world (your session) you will only be able to see 8 players on the whole US (at least for now) Yes, 8 this is not your typical MMORPG where you see hundred of people. So keep that in mind if you were thinking about it- Lack of JDM cars: Only three. Ain't gonna describe this much, just three, the rest is almost entire muscle cars with some european exceptions._______________________________________________________________________Story is entertaining, not much to add into this part, characters are fine, not precisely boring, but nothing out of this world :]Cops are incredibly fast, think about artificial difficulty, just like that, a crown vic can catch your LaFerrari full throttle, something like Most Wanted, but way more aggresive, if you like challenges, then i guess you will like it, but sometimes, it's a bit unfair, and they don't share the same physics as your car (you can't slam them offroad, they are like anchors)One important thing, people tend to whine about the boat handling like GTA IV. It gets A LOT better on the mid-end game, the starter cars are the problem, and the fact it's a MMO, you NEED to level up to get better handling, speed, and so on, and it is highly recommend to play without assists.Cars are all the same performance wise when you upgrade their parts to max, this means that if you are not a 16 y/o bugatti fan, your favorite $50k grand car will be able to compete to an Agera R and not remain obsolete in the the early levels!Cruising on the states is an amazing feeling, at least that's what i felt since im kind of NA enthusiast in the future. Just keep in mind that this game is way better with friends, so you better get someone in with you. It will make the exploration feeling incredible, and there are plenty of stuff to do. From Skills, to PvP, and Co-Op missions (races up to 2,5h and maybe more!)To finish this quick review, my final words:I think the game is on sale somewhere (christmas season maybe?)Is the game worth it's full price? If you ask me, i do not regret it. Is it fun even in solo? It is, yeah pretty much. Will it be supported for a long time? It's a game that doesn't have a direct competitor on PC, so think about it :]See you in the States if you decide to give it a try! Claxon me up if you see a Gun Metal Gray R34 rocketing on the roads ;]"
,Not Recommended,241560,23632088,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ilio,I would recommend this if it wasnt for the fact you cannot reset your career and Ubisoft have refused to address this since release.
,Recommended,241560,17192463,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,zbig,"Before I tried this game I have read all the negative reviews and was very sceptical.Its great that they made a trial version of the game, so everyone can test it. I highly recommend it.First of all the game runs very smoothly on my gaming notebook (3 Years old now) of which I was very surprised, as its a great leap forward comparing to Test Drive Unlimited.The world is huge and the game is technicaly on a high level of detail.First negative that stroke me and that other reviewers were writing about was the bad driving physics. The cars slide a lot that is true. I blamed the keyboard controls for that, then I have connected my G25 racing wheel and the default settings were way off. I really wanted to uninstall the game on the spot but I have made some research and found a good configuration for the wheel and I must say that the game imiedately became playable and enjoyable.So if you have a wheel and are willing to play with the configuration you will get a nice experience, well I did. You should not expect the driving model of Project Cars, but there is so much to expolore in this game and I like many new ideas they have brought up.It is a shame that because of bad defaults such a huge game leaves a bad taste. This game could benefit from more players become even more enjoyable. The quick way to team up with others is IMHO nicely implamented in the game.Final verdict:Give it a trial ! Just spend a moment configuring your controls."
76561197968212106,Not Recommended,241560,13429334,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Milord,"If it's not the trial and error pursuit races where you have to try 5 times before you memorize when and where the target makes turns so you can finally hit it, it's the dubious escape from police events where they accelerate a lot faster than you regardless of how upgraded you are, or it's the normal races where your car bounces upwards off bizarrely elasticized hills and curbs and into trees and walls, where you bounce again as if your car sides were made of rubber, to face backwards while the AI zooms past you, or just coincidentally the traffic is in such a way you have to slow down to dodge traffic as you take the turn and lose seconds.Incidentally the graphics may be acceptable for PS4 or XBOX One but they are a bit of a letdown compared to other racing games on the PC, if you have a high end card.Not that you care, as you lose control of your vehicle every twenty seconds, or try to make goals that require the RND to smile on you.Not a good racing game. Regret spending my money terribly. I'm going back to Hot Pursuit, where at least banging each other's cars and making chases actually feels like play and not like player abuse."
76561198007667923,Recommended,241560,16649586,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,✪Frank Kush,Nice Arcade Driving Game Fits Very Well 900 degrees on Logitech G27. A lot of fun and graphics are great!
76561198054325527,Recommended,241560,13468122,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Skizz__,"This game is pretty decent. If you were a fan of test drive unlimited you'd love this game easily. Ample amount of customzation with a sizable campaign to boot. Handling was a good experience to me, but I can see where some people have their complaints about it being a little loose. There is rubberbanding with the AI drivers which is very annoying in long races where you can build a big lead. Cops are ruthless and will trap you easily if you're not careful. Overall there's a lot to do in the game and can sink hours and and hours into it easily. Very fun with friends. Fun to travel and tweak cars to constantly improve them to see that car level rise. Highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,241560,13865531,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,thekoolguy,"Very fun with a few minor issues. BUT, this game is not fun if you play it alone, it is best if you play it with friends."
,Recommended,241560,13246721,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Gundy,"***Disclamier***I would NOT recommend this game for anyone looking for a driver simulator like Forza or any game similar. This game plays like the classic NFS titles. Arcady and smooth. The damage model is not gonna be like Next Car Game:Wreckfest, itll be like that of NFS. So if your hoping for that be prepared to be disappointed.OkayPro:-Large map and no loading times! (like itll take you about 90mins to drive across the map)-Plenty of challenges aside from the story to improve your driving-PvP!-Lots of cars to pick from-Lots of Customization-No game breaking bugs-Game is optimized/no driver issuesCons:-From what i see you have to earn car parts, you cant buy them. This is what ive seen.-There is an option for micro transactions =/-You must use Uplay-Sometimes players wont populate the map and takes sometime.-I was hoping to be able to create my own decals for my car, everything is predetermined.Overall I would recommend this game. Good arcade driver! Also even though Ubisoft has the publishing on this product, it is Ivory Tower who created the game, which explains a pretty bugless launch compared to previous titles from Ubisoft."
,Recommended,241560,13247564,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Radioactive,"The Crew, one of the best playing, and looking racing games i've played in a long time. Though it is not without its imperfections, the sense of speed is off somewhat, the settings for the handling of the cars took quite a bit of tweaking, as far as I'm aware I wont be able to play with my low level friends once they get this game, and there are quite a few realism complaints I also have.All in all not the worst $60 I've ever spent, but if I were somebody else I would try to get this on sale for $40 or less.TL,DR and cant live without a scorce?7 1/2 / 10 will play for another 21 hours"
,Recommended,241560,13247804,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,AzzenWazHere,WOW! cant stop playing... played it 12 hours striaght and beautiful! best street racer out! it is an arcade but this is a street racing genre not simulation.
76561197971656228,Recommended,241560,13248019,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Gossem,"Amazing scale, detailed cars, fun racing, or fun cruising.  This is a Racing game that will not get boreing or same old same old.  And if  you already are playing it, dont forget to try using the inside view on the cars, it is well worth it."
,Recommended,241560,13310871,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Peanut,"This is the best car/racing game i have played for as long as i can remember, but it gets really bad when the ridiculously over powered police come. Seriously, how can a 240hp 2 ton Ford Crown Victory police car catch up to a 600hp+ circuit beast? and not to mention [!!!somewhat of a spoiler!!!] police bus being a faster than a raid monster of a car. I like this game but everytime the police are involved the fun stops."
,Recommended,241560,13289915,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,✪Thouxan,basically the fact that you can drive around US with 4 of your friends just kills it 9.4/10
,Recommended,241560,28703157,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,^1H^2o^3b^4b^5e^6r^7t^2s,An amazing game besides the fact the gtr cant be a circuit car.
76561198052482769,Recommended,241560,29027506,Posted: 4 January,all,ErraticPlaya,First driving game to hold me down. I just wish the servers wasn't so bad and getting a group to stay together wasn't so hard.
76561198176543943,Recommended,241560,28963195,Posted: 2 January,all,DarkWarrior1029,great game awsome storyline and just overall fantastic game ive played this game for a very long time on xbox one and now i decided to move to pc and bought the game the memories of the storyline.
,Not Recommended,241560,24046196,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Giltka,"Issue after issue installing, crash after crash while playing. Steam says like 14 hours playing, i was able to complete the first mission and then drive around for a bit, the rest of the ""Play time"" is the time it took to install it over and over and over, trying to get it to work. Now, will not play at all, even after a clean install of windows. Worst investment ive ever made."
76561198259987997,Not Recommended,241560,24073021,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,harleylarson12,Crashes on start
76561197998567903,Not Recommended,241560,24090846,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,{LAST} Zombie,IF IT EVER WORKS.
,Not Recommended,241560,24047591,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bennbenni,it doesn`t work on windows 10. the window just freeze and then the crew has crashed. please somebody gotta fix this.:(
76561198081682093,Not Recommended,241560,28895230,Posted: 1 January,all,THE_SACRIFICE,"By the time I've completed the story of this game, less than 21hrs of game time has passed. The only form of playability is for achievement ♥♥♥♥♥s in the form of mini events to get parts scattered across the whole map."
76561198144147000,Recommended,241560,29009416,Posted: 4 January,all,Bakugan,Has a beautiful graphics that even older devices can handle it. Great job.
76561198056463000,Not Recommended,241560,19472295,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Greed,UBISOFT GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF
,Not Recommended,241560,21254884,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,superkai64,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,241560,21118427,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,IMPΛCT,have to pay 40 bucks to play the game they actually advertized
,Not Recommended,241560,21151945,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,tracysth,"Best trailer,best opening..BUT worst story,big map,long distant,story tooooooooooooooooo short.Buy many cars and bikes ready for battle, but less using.....the foe..GREAT DAMN Foe!!!! Too dark in the NIGHT!!! you need to buy your own a night vision device..The opening did well, but you NEVER have any change to play just like the trailer did...The best of this game is.....TRAILER & OPENING!!!Drive WILD!!"
76561198095425448,Not Recommended,241560,21141678,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Shroud,IT WAS FUN THEN UPLAY MESSED UP MY EXPERINCE HAD 2 HOURS OF GAME STILL GOT A REFUND CHALLENGE ACCEPTED UPLAY... YOU will Never win UPLAY CAUSE IPLAY
,Not Recommended,241560,22061085,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Wee Tosser™,Great game in general but there are to many bugs and funky♥♥♥♥♥♥that need's to be fixed.some car does not work as they should... and some times the bugs are game breaking and destroys the fun and i just get salty. only buy this game if it's on sale 70-90% off (90% that will never happen) is what i sayBut it's fun from time to time to just jump in and play some summit (in the wildrun DLC)It has has it moments
76561197999081251,Not Recommended,241560,22077949,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Jake Saint,"Bought this game a year or so ago. Had fun with it, but it was a bit lacking in content, so i got bored pretty quickly. finally pick it back up, expecting after having purchased the ♥♥♥♥ing season pass to have the new content, only to have it quickly hammered into my skull that despite downloading it, all that other good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft, in their infinite wisdom, have decided to ignore years of tradition with season passes, and make you still buy Wild Run seperately in order to participate, However, the events are there on your map, and cannot be ingored.So no, I don't reccomend this game. In fact, i'm done reccomending ANY Ubisoft games, as this crap combined with Far Cry: Primal simply being a cut down and reskinned fallout 4, have completely put me off them as a company. Buyer beware. Ubisoft will screw you."
,Not Recommended,241560,19328734,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dickfuckerthreethousand,"I mean isn't bad like AC Unity, but it just isn't fun. The camera is infuriatingly jelly-like, and has microtransactions everywhere. And other than that there just isn't that much to do once you've done a few races and missions, and done the obligatory cross country roadtrip. 5/10: ""Meh"""
,Recommended,241560,13243304,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Nahkhiirmees,"I just spent two and a half hours driving from Chicago to LA along Route 66, obeying speed limits and stopping every now and then to admire the beautiful scenery. Most of the locations in the game have this authentic kind of feeling to them. While the level of detail doesn't match that of GTA V, it's still high enough to make you keep on playing and exploring the vast open map.Apart from that, well, it's a decent multiplayer racing game. The amount of cars to select from isn't exactly whopping, and there is no photo mode to capture the scenery I mentioned earlier. The AI traffic can suddenly take to the skies and Boeing 747's spin around wildly while airborne.But overall, it's an enjoyable experience if you can ignore the servers shutting down every two hours. Hopefully the developers will manage to get rid of that soon.Simply put, if you liked TDU, NFS:MW, Burnout Paradise, MC:LA and the likes, you will most likely enjoy The Crew as well. You might want to wait for a few weeks before getting it, though.8/10PS: I wouldn't mind an offline mode."
76561198058895180,Recommended,241560,13245780,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,I'mTehQ,"Yes the game is good but there are things that don't work so well.Left first begin with whats good about it,its a fun game, the cars drive good, and there are countless hours to play. But!I opened all the network ports that i need for the game but still no multiplayer, and google for 2 sec and you see im not the only one!Mirrors not working in a race game is not good!Money system is a joke, get arrested will cast you 400$ but 1 race will get you 3000$ but a new car? How about 160,000$But there are races you can do that will give you 80,000$, i just did one 2 hours ago, yes the race was 2 hours long!I still do recommend this game, its a good game but not for 60$!"
76561198113483402,Recommended,241560,13246844,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,SKINNIE,great game defenitly worth the money witch is hard to say about games now days. still has a few bugs here and there but i havent noticed anything so far and i just arrived in las vegas so im not expecting any check out my page for some screen shots and game play
,Not Recommended,241560,14007642,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,jerlax,UPDATE: I bought the season pass expecting it to cover all DLC because its a season pass and thats the whole idea BUT NOOOOO IT DOESENT COVER ALL DLC BECAUSE ♥♥♥♥ YOU THATS WHY > ♥♥♥♥ UPLAY AND ♥♥♥♥ UBISOFT POST 2012.Ever wonder what it would be like to drive a high power supercar with bald tires on ice that is also covered in oil? I still dont understand what who ever aproved these driving physics was thinking. To give you an idea of how it fells its a cross between Gta IV and  Test drive unlimited 2.
,Recommended,241560,28250026,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Sevk1ns,"It is a nice game. It contains a good number of cars and you can modify your cars to go off road or even go fast on road.The story is alsogood. But it still contains some flaws, such as the DLC ,it possible to participate on some parts of the dlc,like you can get the crates and getting away from the cops in the new DLC ,but in the wild run you cant acces the summit unless you have the DLC Wild run,but you can still see the summit competitions on the map,which can get a bit frustrating.Although, The Crew is still a game with few flaws,I can still recomend for people who love racing games and car enthusiasts out there. And who knows, you may want to try it yourself."
,Recommended,241560,13267026,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Max,♥♥♥♥♥♥cops
,Recommended,241560,13313958,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Gnome,This game is one of the better racing games out there.  Although it is a bit repetitive... the game is still really good.  They need to add more cars.  There isn't enough for me to be satisfied.
,Recommended,241560,15550612,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,RogueReptile,"You guys did an awesome job on the game and I've told every friend of mine to get it. I just have a small request, could you an Audi. Im a huge fan of them.Thank YouShadowscale"
,Recommended,241560,13247341,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,aso777,"Recipe for the perfect racing games:Grab NFS: Underground + Undeground 2. Test Drive Unlimited 1. Burnout Paradise.Make graphics look good. Keep concepts from those games but add more. More Cars, More Map, More Open World.At first it was hard finding a crew. But after we spent all night racing with people I dont know."
,Recommended,241560,13247948,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Progin,"Fun game hope they add Mazda, Tyota and Subaru also would be nice if they would add the new GTR great game"
,Recommended,241560,13266097,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tay the Bae,Its fun.
,Recommended,241560,14853337,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Zellifer,good
,Not Recommended,241560,15096613,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,mlg_goat,"you hit a car with 400 kms per hour, you are still driving. you near miss a car with 60 kms per hour, BAM, you wreck your car. and when you get 100 uplay points and finally get the stunning viper, hit just one sign, and try to drive first person. you just cant because your lovely bumper bumps out like it is trying to reach god and it wont let you drive until you get your car fixed. and well i have been wronged about mirrors my whole life i think because ubisoft told me that mirrors have a grey color and they dont reflect well i guess they dont know what a mirror is, see if you make a racing game, mirrors should reflect. they have LOTS of cars like 30 or 40? :/ are you fkin kidding? even need for speed underground had more. (and weird thing is that i missed underground because at least cars were not worth 5 times a bugatti veyron). i expected that this game would be huge, lots of drivers on servers, no lagging and stuff, but this game showed me that this is just my imagination. the players are laggy and at least a session can contain players up to 8 players!!! YAY! i mean even races in a regular racing game or the races in this game is sometimes with 10 people, what about that? whatever yes i know i have a playtime of 3059672409658246940968 hours or something, but these are the truth."
76561198023526954,Recommended,241560,13243773,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dreoyast,"Fun game, very simple, feels like a throwback racer with modern elements."
76561197978160382,Recommended,241560,13267846,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Direktor Pekare,"Maybe i expected more of it... I don't know. But it's really fun to just ride around the city doing completely nothing :Dthe community is small and unapproachable no one wants to play together, and now the biggest flaw that I have for this game should be THE SOUNDTRACK i expected more of it. I can't drive 300km/h on a Arctic Monkeys song :/But all in all i give it 6.5/10"
,Recommended,241560,13276578,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Xaxarux,"So i'm kinda going to start with the things that are bad with the game (that are bad for the moment will say) first the civilian ai in the game are the worst ai I have encountred in a car game but still you can avoid them fairly easy just that sometimes they are really like determed to stop you and just trying to make you fail the second thing is that you will either find it hard or even impossible to play with your friends and have a crew with three other people at the same time I can join in a crew with all my friends but all of them can't join each other some of them can't join each other witch make it hard to play with all of them but I can still join with one or two of them at the same time so it's enough right now I guess and remember it's still haven't been a week sins launch and it's an mmo and a mmo never has a good lauch they always enounters issus and problems they didn't expect and the crew have been haveing a fairly good start compared to other mmoswhats good with it is the gameplay like the story line that can be a bit hard but you can always have your friends helping you with the missions you find hard and personlly i really like there awards I have almost 7500 AP so far (half of them) because they are fun,challanging and they can take a long time to accomplish and the last thing i want to say about the crew is there faction system witch is great for even if you or your friends have choosed wrong faction so you are in diffrent factions so can you still change faction every seven day to make sure that you are in the same faction and also the faction missions are fun and time comsuming because there is some faction mission that takes over two and a half hour to do and when you do faction missions you get alot of money and some repetetion to your faction witch gives you money ones every day and you do also get RP by doing pvp racesI hope that you will buy this game and see for yourself how fun it's and please don't hate it for it issus i'm sure it will be fixed soon"
,Recommended,241560,13267189,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Total_War_Gamer,"Love this game, but it is a bit hard to earn Cash to by new cars.."
76561198015062701,Recommended,241560,13303370,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,AscensioN,it's fun. not as good as NFS Underground 2 tho.
76561198141686911,Recommended,241560,13310476,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,ADiJay,"it seems like a cool game but i can never really play it and that gets me mad!! it looks nice but i never get past the ""Press any button"" screen   please fix this and make it a game that works for laptops too"
,Recommended,241560,13288256,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Pokerus,"When you first start the game you already feel immersed.  Very fun!The game runs very smooth with all Video settings maxed out on myGTX770 (Watercooled, H110 w/NZXT Kraken Bracket)with an Intel Pentium G3258 (Watercooled and OC at 3.4ghz)You shouldn't have a problem if you have similar specs or better.Teaming up to make a crew is not hard either! Making new friends along the way.It is worth it, buy!"
,Recommended,241560,13317041,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,DJ_Edyo,"This game statisfy what a good online racer game is supposed to be. most players that did not liked this game plays realistic racers such as Forza or Grand Turismo. as for the other portion of players they will really be pleased whit this game since it have a NFS: Most Wanted and Test Drive Unlimited taste, witch is pretty good for a release from ubisoft, even tho, its true that some bugs remains, as other big games had before when they got out, but we know they will get those bugs fixed, so thats not a big suprise or a big deal about it and it can happen, at least those bugs are noting major, (unless you have a crappy internet connection)For the Interested, here is the Pros/Mids/Cons of the game.PROS++ Racing coop (up to 4 player max per mission or pvp game)+ Very detailed environment (Working NPC's, a lot of Wilflife and alot of map details)+ Better graphics than Test Drive Unlimited 2+ Detailed leaderboards and statistics for everything+ Good car handling and controls (with a few exceptions since its a NFS styled game)+ Polices Forces that can chases you almost evrywhere. (give challenge somtimes)+ Open world where you can drive wherever you want (Even discover some easter eggs in the world)+ Good transition between game cinématics and gamplay (So you fell like you gived control of it after mission movies.)+ Posibility to send your friend do faction missions for you. (so you can save time instead of doing a 2h mission for a bit more of easy game money)+ 50 Cars for first release batch (Witch is not bad for a game that features quite detailed car interiors)+ Offers car customisation such as pre-fab vynils/stickers, Rims, Spoilers and some chasis mods. ( Alot more visual customisation to offer compared to TDU2)+ Day and Night Cycle SystemMIDS~~ Servers are down for maintenance sometimes. (yes it can happen, its an online game)~ Uplay Launcher (at least i can be used / merged whit steam tho)~ Storymode is a bit short. (but is still entertaining to watch)~ Missing Mirrors Animations for Cockpit view in some Cars. (they already working on it already for next patch )~ Weather conditions changes only when you go the mountains where there is snow (they might could use a bit rain but its not that bad)~ Can have unblanced AI (depending if you and your crew have to high level gap)CONS-- No offline mode (you need a internet connection to play this game)- No possibility to add your own Music (but you can customise your playlist atleast)- MicrotransactionsSo as so far for the rest for the game and the gamplay itself, the pleasure of free roaming those cars with friends is pretty Neat, if your one of thos players who dislike this game, just go back to driveclub or what so ever other racing sim game you were playing, otherwise if your looking for car tunning, driving everywhere from road to montains, and like fast paced races for the fun of playing it, this game i what you are looking for !All together i would say, ""The Crew"" is a cool game to play for cruising around with Friends or even to play alone i would say, sure the game have some bugs and have a litle lack on MMO since its more concentrated on the NFS genre gamplay but is worth the price when we know they will comme up whit more !(10 thumbs up)Continue the good work Ubi we know that you can do it and update this until perfaction as other titles did before !!(Afterall They made Driver San Fransico a great fun game so why not the crew !)"
76561197991222818,Recommended,241560,13248984,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Maverick70,"Very cool game, not even sure what to compare it to, but with need for speed failing to deliver on a regular basis, I think its safe to say, Ubisoft has topped the arcade racer mountain with this game. Very demanding game though, even though every modern game i own i can run with medium-medium high graphics settings, my pc still strugles with this game at the minimum settings even though my computer exceeds the minimum requirements."
76561198066300426,Recommended,241560,13273608,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,heartless,great game
,Not Recommended,241560,24146248,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Purple Turtle,"I used to consider this to be a great game and would have recommended it, but while I don't regret buying it, I wouldn't say it's worth anything more 60% off retail price, meaning most sales will be meaningless, it's still not worth the buy.As a US cruiser, it's a decent game, though you will suffer from the flat textures on buildings and apauling physics, still, other parts of the game are nice, it's definitely amazing driving through the wild plains, deserts (especially death valley) and the fields of green rolling hills. Cities are just really boring to drive through though.Chances are that after finishing the story, you won't have explored everywhere (and some places are really golden as previously mentioned) and there will be things like faction missions available, little trials on the road like driving fast or jumping far and you can even replay individual missions.But what happens when you get bored of the monotony or driving around? You can buy more cars to do more driving around, though this does require vast amounts of grinding that may or probably not seem worth it. You will then decide to buy the crew credits instead through microtransactions, which... don't bother! So naturally, the best thing to do would be to replay the story. That's what I like doing, especially driving games, but naaaah!! You can't replay the story. You can only do the individual missions. Parts of what made the story a cohesive story are no longer there. What's better is that Ubisoft know their player-base would like such a feature to go through the story again in the linear fashion it was originally in but still refuse to implement it.Bottom line is that I wouldn't recommend this game because it does lose replayability. It simply becomes a cruiser after a while. Racing against other people isn't even really a big part of it. It's very rare that I get even a gimpse of racing other people. Instead, you'll have some random driver drive alongside you until they get bored."
,Not Recommended,241560,21935375,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Nah Bro,Poor game play and limited race types.
76561197996760262,Not Recommended,241560,15229706,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,exeter,"It was fun running around for the first week or two, but slowly you realize that there is bad execution here. TDU2 was more fun. I can't believe they still want $60 for it, I'd recommend it at $25."
76561197964810569,Recommended,241560,31499892,Posted: 1 May,all,$ALEM,Probably the best arcade style racing game there is out there at this time! Highly recommnd to play. A lot of fun playing it with friends!+A lot of variety for cars and motorcycles;+Many customization options for vehicles;+Huge♥♥♥♥♥map that takes you quite a while to drive from one end to the other;+Lots of different activities to do;-Some bugs and glitches-A lot of stuff costs money (get full package of deluxe version of game on sale)
76561198023821152,Recommended,241560,28910370,Posted: 1 January,all,alexkwt,Game is ok..but der is room for improvement...bought the seasons pass thinking all the dlc will be included but to my surprise the callin all units needs to be bought separately.
,Not Recommended,241560,30952419,Posted: 4 April,all,racingguy52,"map doesn't load in half the events, causing your car to freeze as you watch the AI continue like nothing happened, also I was searching for a fix and made the mistake of not closing the game out, so now I have 4 hours on the game when I really only played an hour, and I didn't know I could refund until recently because I'm still new to Steam and now I can't refund it, don't be like me, now I just wasted $20 on a game I can't even beat, not to mention 75% of the game is DLC"
,Recommended,241560,14098718,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,LIMONN,cool game and veeery big map!
,Recommended,241560,13900038,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Code,"I've put in many hours into this game and can honestly say it was worth buying it. At first I was a bit skeptical in Ubisoft's abilities after the AC Unity mishap, but The Crew has rebuilt some trust for me. The storyline is meh, but I never intended to buy it for the story anyways. What I was looking to get out of this game is a fun mmo-like experience I can ejoy with my friends, and The Crew delivered. The only thing I can compain about as far as that goes is how boring the game gets once you hit level 50. I'm not sure if Ubisoft intends to add more content for people after level 50, but as it sits right now it's really kind of a game breaker that I can redo any side mission for platinum and get the part I need."
76561198119153581,Recommended,241560,28991902,Posted: 3 January,all,NEON,"I wrote a very hateful review last time. SO let's change that.This game is BEAUTIFUL! Even though I had the endure this game at max low settings at 20 frames most of the time, I was stunned by the scenery. There are still a lot of graphical glitches, and most are just upright, not being fixed. i don't know if it's out of laziness, or Ubisoft's tendancy to not finish games. The story was very good I personally loved it. I look forward to playing this when I get a new computer. But you cannot restart your progress sadly. I recommend it, if you fit the recommended requirements or else it will be a headache."
,Recommended,241560,27295150,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VelocityDemon,"Driving the cars in this game with my Logitech Driving Force GT feels so relaxing after a stressful day.Got the Complete Edition on sale. I didn't buy this game initially since there were mixed reviews about this game. But now I feel bad for not buying this game earlier. This game is so underrated. This game is so much fun while cruising with friends. There were days I played this game sacrificing my sleep. Everyday, after coming home from work I used to spend time in gaming.I didn't expect the cars to have realistic driving physics because I just wanted to drive and have fun.Isn't that gaming is all about? I love the weather cycle, different terrains, meeting different people who drive along with you, competing with other players online,etc. I don't have anything to hate about this game. And I'm definitely gonna buy the Calling All Units DLC."
76561198040394130,Not Recommended,241560,15010845,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Sneakatoke420,"Its not terrible. The game  itself is fun, but it is kind of a waste in a way also. Given the size of the map and extremely small amount of visible players allowed, it feels pretty much dead. It claims it is a living game, but in reality it isn't. There is nothing innovative about this game. Basically it is a prettied up version of NFSW with less visible players and a better map. It is always online, so if they decide to shut down servers, you won't even be able to play it. Other players in the game seem to keep to themselves, have yet to find a pvp match or co-op in time played and I queue for it fairly often. I bought this game on sale and still feel kind of ripped off. I'd give it a thumbs up if it was in the under 10 section, but its not."
76561198109769537,Not Recommended,241560,15026368,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ZohwBoE,"I cannot recommend this game to anyone. It's grossly plagued by A.I glitches, fantasy car data, a huge lack of selection and server instability. If you are a car person and actually know anything about cars, this game will frustrate you.The A.I in this game defies all laws of physics from letting a 1960's mustang out turn and out run a pagani huayra to magically and without warning throwing your car about 100 feet in the air on a straight stretch of empty road.None of the cars in this game perform even remotely close to their real life counterpart. Frustrating to car people, otherwise a minor detail most won't care too much about.This game has a heavy bias for American cars, and an overall fleeting selection of cars. Essentially there are only one or two cars worth getting for each category. This is not Gran Turismo or Forza, do not expect that.But worst of all is server instability. You are guaranteed, regardless of how superb your internet connection may be, to be disconnected on a regular basis during or even worse right after crossing the finish line. None of your progress will be saved and you'll be forced to do the race again. This is particularly frustrating during the long endurance races.The story is a complete joke, but that's not why we play these games. It is however worth mentioning that my most anticipated racing style 'circuit' is actually identical to 'performance' racing (racing through traffic on public roads) but done with circuit category cars. Only ONE race in the entire game is actually done on a race track. Despite there being several race tracks in this game, you only ever race in one with your circuit car. The remainder of circuit races are done on public roads identical to any performance race.There is NO end game content. You only ever need one car per category of racing (and many categories can be achieved with one car). So unless you have a burning desire to collect every car in the game, once the story line is complete there is no reason to continue playing. Even the bonus cars you can get through finding parts throughout the country are all performance wise, terrible cars (with the sole exception of the buggy).The ONLY redeeming factor for this game is the environment. It's absolutely stunning and a joy to explore in. When a race comes together and works it can be an enjoyable experience but I cannot recommend this game to anyone because it feels like a beta, that costs you 60 bucks."
,Recommended,241560,34482538,Posted: 25 August,all,sKoop,Excelent game !!
76561198059315515,Recommended,241560,34481567,Posted: 25 August,all,SeeFar,Cool
76561198130452040,Recommended,241560,28516438,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,P3P3 F0R3V3R,I love this game so much. It is the best racing game with open world i ever played ;)
,Not Recommended,241560,14293036,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,[LPT]Lavco,Complete crap! Do not buy. All the cars handle like♥♥♥♥♥♥and the plot is pig ♥♥♥♥er tier
,Recommended,241560,14854522,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,☢DEVAGE STIGLITZ☢,very good gamegreat graphicsgreat cars and great DLCs
76561198098096444,Not Recommended,241560,13932717,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,D3lta481,"Prelude and Tl;DrI beta-tested The Crew back when it was first announced for beta, and at that point I believed there was true potential to the game. The story, while cliche, wasn't terrible like some other racing games of late. A large and open world full of sights, and iconic cars. BUT, as release came, I am left wondering what if anything they did, Servers are worse than anything I have experienced, Only 25ish cars, physics that beg belief, and a map upon further inspection leaves you scratching your head in disbelief at the laziness of the devs. So no I do not recommend this game, it has some good moments in the free driving, yet you still have that nagging presence of all the issues and poor quality.The mapOne of the positive things of the Crew is the map, it is big, ~100km across and has some detail in it. Honestly you can spend hours driving and still be discovering new places, which makes cruising down a road and being able to say, ""what is that"" and go find out the best part of the Crew. However the map has massive issues, a mesh that makes even games from the 90's shudder to look at. Case in point, just driving over a desert, which is pretty flat, you will occasionally ramp off and spin out, all due to such a low polygon count that the ground is jagged and often impractical. It is bad enough I will not use my FFB wheel in the crew due to the jolts it will give the mechanisms in the wheel. The textures are barely passable for a game of 2014, and often are quite lack luster. And the bounding boxes on object and the road often do not match the objects and can cause frustrating moments as you spin off or stop dead due to a fence or some invisible outcrop in a building. MAP (6/10).The Carsthere are only ~25 of them, and there isn't much different between them when they are in the respective specs. Also the specs available to put on a car are limited, some cars can have all, while others can only have one spec installed. AWD cars feel like FWD cars, RWD cars feel like drift cars. The Physics are at their best are abysmal and often cause a moment of frustration followed by eruption of laughter as your car is catapulted from hitting a foot high rock into the sky. There is also a general disregard to grip as cars tend to slide more than turn. CARS(5/10) PHYSICS (3/10)The SpecsThe specs offer the true differences between cars as some will be off-road ""capable"" (nothing is prepared for the horrible polygon density) and others fast on road. There can be some fun to be had racing the different specs, but the physics issue often steals most of the fun, when the other issues are not.The Missions/Skill ChallengesFun, for the first couple, then a long drag to the end, often making you look at the next mission and groan. The race type is straight forward, the checkpoint missions often are the only ones that are enjoyable, the takedown missions are messed up and often don't recognize the hits, and the smash the crates are just plain idiotic. As for the skill challenges... Jumps are awesome, speeds makes you hate the traffic, scrambles frustrate, race lines are meh, presicion frustrates, slaloms make you hate traffic, seeing the pattern? MISSIONs(4/10)The AI♥♥♥♥♥♥ than PayDay 2, nuf said... AI(1/10)ServersYeah, what servers? Can't stay connected for more than an hour and often dumps you out of the race at the end when in COOP giving you no rewards for the hour long race you just completed. Often can't see friends who are right in front of me. SERVER(0/10)Pay2Win...Summary (4/10)"
76561197971087839,Not Recommended,241560,21276468,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Joonas,"As a driving game this is pretty good. Big map to drive, looks ok, runs ok (60fps cap). Arcade to drive. but has some wierd technical issues.... Don't know even where to begin. Well you need to start BOTH steam and UpLay to start the game.  getting the dlc to work was really hard... And even trial version was still installed when I bought the real version.... When I close the game, it says the Crew is still running... So long story short: the game is OK but has some technical issues. Fix those "" Ivory Tower in collaboration with Ubisoft Reflections"" developers"
76561198100918538,Not Recommended,241560,21557326,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Beryllium,"You pay full price for this game, then they want money for DLC, you buy DLC, then they charge 3 bucks extra for a car. How about go eff yourselve Ubishit."
,Not Recommended,241560,13692044,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,UNDER8ED,"Got the gold edition. This game is absolutely TERRIBLE. It crashes randomly for no apparent reason after 5-10 minutes of gameplay.. MANY people in the Steam community have had this issue for a very long time, and only with this game... Despite numerous complaints in Steam forum and the game developers forums; they have not fixed this issue at all. All the $ I invested into this game bought a BIG frustrating headache of inablity to play the game for more than 15 minutes at a time without it crashing. I re-installed the Operating System and all the latest drivers twice, on two seperate machines and then re-installed this game twice and the problem did not get resolved. This is NOT a hardware issue, but a well known problem reported by many who own this game--that has not been fixed in many, many months. Trust me please, save your $ and don't buy this!! If they fix it I will change my review, but until they fix it DO NOT BUY IT. You will deeply regret it as so many of us have."
76561198072699293,Recommended,241560,34591564,Posted: 29 August,all,The Alexander,"The crew is a great game. The driving is a lot better than in some of the recent NFS games for sure. I don't know the state in which it was at launch, but now it feels great.The graphics are pretty good, there's a fair amount of variety in activities and cars to unlock and it feels great to drive in an open world environment. The multiplayer is also cool, but i wouldn't recommend you get this game for its multiplayer.The only con of this game is the amount of stuff that are in the game but locked behind DLCOverall great driving game, if you like the old NFS games, but open world!"
,Recommended,241560,35395073,Posted: 1 October,all,iiDerekDoodii,It's fun as long as you're not critical about certain features of the game compared to other car games like Forza. I myself enjoy this game because of the huge map and having a great time in my Lamborghini Aventador as well as my huge supply of fancy cars.
,Recommended,241560,35425597,Posted: 2 October,all,Drexel,fun for about 3.6 hours; after losing a few brain cells it becomes pretty impossible to play.
76561198046135469,Recommended,241560,14037890,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,YouBlewIt,"Surpasses my expectations for the game. The only time I had a problem was when I did not reach the minimal requirenments.Cutscenes involving vehicles usually show the vehicles glitching/rubberbanding, but once you get into race, it's smooth as silk.My only disappointment is the lack of people playing. In the trailer it is clearly shown that the game is dependent on lots of people playing, but there really isn't that many to form rival crews, race each other, etc."
76561198048674050,Recommended,241560,17249156,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,AbortionLord,"Amazing open world but still....terrible physics , i knocked onto my friend's car and he flew elsewhere , legend says he is still flying . Although the amount of cars *ehem*  but still with those difference tiers i'm really happy with it ! Hence, after finishing the faction mission and at the second attempt im not able to outrun those AI , it seems like they follow your previous gameplay btw my car are around 900+ lvl and Ai -800+ .......anyway i'm requesting whoever you are and if you're free please search for my friend , putting up 8000euros as rewardEDIT: If you're planning on buying koenigsegg , forget it , the top speed shown in the dealer shop is 440km/h but i only get up to 360+ and kept dropping if above 370 so .....buy LaFerrari instead"
,Recommended,241560,17330128,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,bailey740,"Truly great game. You can expect the occasional crash but it is an online only game so not much else is new there. But if you do like a driving game with above average customization options, a huge map to explore, and capability to have your friends play through the game with you then it is a perfect chose for you."
,Recommended,241560,18010847,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Gypsyy,I got to drive my sik skyline and did some drag racing I won #TooGood
76561198128936681,Recommended,241560,18075821,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Itsuka99,"Even tho I haven't played it much yet, I'm already in love with listening to Sine Wave Digital and watching the sun set... This game is absolutely gorgeous!"
,Recommended,241560,18385584,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,MultiGamerClub,"Un-installed.Needs Unisoft/Uniplay to actually play this game, thats so f*cking ♥♥♥♥♥♥!Will most likely install later on, but this f*cking sucks!- MGame: 7/10Other drm: -10/10"
,Recommended,241560,18652895,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,lukelecain,"This game is the best streetracing simulator I have ever played. This game has never crashed on me but sometimes the multiplayer dosent work very well. I have played all of the need for speeds, most of the burnouts and also project cars(which sucks) and i Think that thius is the best out of all of them!"
,Recommended,241560,18784008,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Daniel Trent,"If you’re someone who enjoys a racing game with beautiful, customisable cars, but gets bored of the usual race-to-the-finish-line gameplay, The Crew is what you’re looking for.At first glance, the game seems to lack in its graphics quality, but as you speed through the streets of the United States in over forty main missions, prove yourself in eight different skill types, and swap from all-terrain trucks to exotic sports cars to suit the occasion, you’ll quickly forget about that. And while the game is designed for multiplayer, most of it is just as suitable for single player.Underlying the beautiful gameplay of The Crew is a deep story following Alex Taylor as he joins the FBI to take vengeance on the leader of a nation-wide underground motor club named the 5-10s. As he travels from state to state, he recruits friends to help him rise through the ranks of the criminal organisation.The multiplayer game features five distinct car specifications; you’ll find yourself teaming up with friends and other online players to weave through the streets of New York in your Street car, drifting on dirt roads in your Dirt spec, racing down Route 66 in your Performance supercar, taking down rivals in your Raid truck, and hugging the racing line of designated tracks in your exotic Circuit spec.However, you’ll find that the game has its fair share of drawbacks. The first few missions, which are completed in your Street car, are quite short and hence less rewarding. Once you move onto Performance, the races will become much lengthier, allowing the pace to ramp up to frantic speeds as you narrowly dodge traffic on windy highways.The rubber-banding is also definitely lacking; if your car is too levelled up in late-game, the other AI racers will fall behind in the first stretch, and the distance will grow as the race progresses. This isn’t an issue during multiplayer, when you can focus on beating your friend – but when you’re playing alone, it often feels like more of a cruise than a race.On top of that, don’t expect the police chases to be too challenging. While this isn’t the game’s main feature, this is one aspect that could have been implemented much better. I’ve found myself too easily losing track of the cops because they can’t keep up, and this takes away from the enjoyment of having the police hot on your heels while drifting around the block.While the game can definitely be enjoyed in single player, I would recommend grabbing a few friends and hitting the roads. If none of your friends are crazy for a racing game (or, alternatively, if you have no friends…), you can join up with whoever’s online around the world to give yourself a better challenge. Either way, The Crew is a truly enjoyable game for the story-driven gamers looking for varied gameplay."
76561198157977051,Recommended,241560,19951710,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,xXDreinaterXx,STEPS:1. Buy game2. Install game3. Play intro and regret buying game and everything you have done in your life4. Cry and make it through the intro5. Discover that you bought a good game6. Play game until eyes water up and shrink7. Keep grinding until level 508. You are now respected and have cool cars. Congrats on the good purchase
,Recommended,241560,19955263,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,powr.,Once you start you'll forget the time !
76561198073914869,Recommended,241560,20007285,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,HappyFeet,"The Crew has gone through many beneficial changes from when it was first released.The Crew is an open world arcade racer that emphasizes playing with friends and car customization. The map is an abridge vesion of the United States. Major landmarks and cities appear, but smaller, lesser known places are absent from the game. Players can drive on or off the roads, and can use different car ""specs"" to traverse the land easier. These specs can be visually customized to fit the player. Performance upgrades are also available. Car selection is varied but limited. DLCs are available for more cars. The driving physics are arcade-like compared to simulation-like.Note: it is an 'always online' game.Overall, it's a ""meh"" racing game. 6.5/10Buy on sale."
76561198064947471,Recommended,241560,20436001,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,d.carb4,Don’t even bother with this game for PUBLIC PVP LOBBYS it has been destroyed by script kiddies running all sorts of cheats and as the crew has no anti cheat software included it can be a real nightmare in multiplayer public  lobbies.    BUT saying that if you enjoy single player on a huge map which is very cool indeed and hanging out with friends in Private PVP lobbies or just having fun on a huge map then yes you must get this game
,Recommended,241560,20465128,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,SurgicalGlitch,"Made me come back to this already amazing game for a second time, now to stay. One of the best MMO expansion packs since the days of expansion packs and not DLC addon's ."
76561198126579915,Recommended,241560,20657503,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,HAMMERSLEY,Love the new photo mode!
76561198022488051,Recommended,241560,21253495,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Space Boy,"I bought this game on sale for 15 euro and so far I've been having a lot of fun. There's a lot of diverse arcade racing content here. Street racing, circuit racing, rally, off road are all different enough from each other to make a fun racing experience.But the best part is probably the huge map itself. It's a scaled down version of the US and you can drive from one side to the other with no loading screens. The only negative parts I can think of are the crash physics and not enough people on the same server as you. If you like arcade racing games, go ahead and try it, it's pretty cheap for what it offers."
76561197979356864,Recommended,241560,21355677,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,dudefaceguy,"Exciting hovercraft simulator. For some reason, all of the hovercrafts look like exotic sports cars. You also can't drive the hovercrafts on the water, which is unrealistic. But mainly it's just fun to make them go sideways around corners, and there is plenty of that."
76561198053028439,Recommended,241560,21953968,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,1771,lots of fun. but im doing this just for the community badge xd
,Recommended,241560,22144392,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Tyvole [#nolife][VERMINTIDE,"So far so good , pretty catchy , better then nfs series , more to test drive unlimited, bud i eenjoy it a bit more then that. Guys reviews can be affected by game launch , dlc fiasco pricing as it was done here season pass terrible choice etc, bud game as it stands? Pretty damn good , exceeded my expectations at least .I like arcade driving model, open world , multiplayer and i never had trouble with uplay.Also graphic  got really better after wild run has been released."
,Recommended,241560,22193330,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,LegitusX69,good man
76561198075340720,Recommended,241560,22214806,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dale,"I enjoy the game for how pretty it is, the story is good, but as many people have said it is incomplete but you can complete it by buying another game."
,Recommended,241560,22284492,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,xdxd,"Looking at some reviews like this guy:""I don't understand how the sale of this game isn't considered fraud.If you buy the base game, you will lose $15 and after 2 hours of playing you will be FORCED to purchase ""The Run"" expansion pack. You literally can't play anymore unless you spend more money. It's absolute horsesh**. Highway robbery. I payed for a racing game, and you didn't give me that.""I'm not even sure why you bother writing horsecap like this.. one of my friends who has the vanilla game and not ""The Run"" whatever that is, I guess you mean Wild run, the expansionpack? He has no problems playing with us who has it, and is NOT forced to buy it by the game itself.You bought a game, where you can race street cars, dritcars, raidcars etc, offroad, on circuit tracks.HOW can you say this is not a racing game? you can't? thought so.. anyhooThe game is far from perfect.. But my god its fun to just drive with your friends- Bugs like getting stuck ontop of rails, getting sucked into cars.- Very grindy if you want all cars to max level.- Insane waittime if you want to play crew vs crew in pvp.- Woodpecker song if you listen to the ingame radio (Worst problem)- Laggy pvp, as its peer-to-peer connection (alot like Call of Duty)+ A good list of cars from small cars you could tip over with your left foot, to hypercars.+ Very good customization for the cars.+ Daily income (which you increase by doing faction and pvp races)+ The world is huge and open, with lots to see and insane amounts of stuff to do.+ A endless timesink for the completionists out there, doing all the challenges, getting all the cars with all their specs to max, and so on.And for those complaining about the EXPANSION-PACK not being included in the season-pass (which is a pass to get all DLCs for that coming season) Well.. boohoo :)Would I recommend it? Well... yes, it is not a GREAT game but its a damn fun one.// Peace"
,Recommended,241560,22721593,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Doggo,Good game but♥♥♥♥♥♥physics
76561198010366377,Recommended,241560,24051802,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Maverati,This is what Test Drive Unlimited should have been like
,Recommended,241560,24067363,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,"Guido ""Spaghetti"" Lasagna","loved it for a few days, then it stopped working. Ubisoft... ♥♥♥♥ing fix this if you don't want to lose customersUPDATEsolution found:http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1302898-The-Crew-has-stopped-working/page3Actual Review: Now that I've played this game for 100+ hours i think i can make a good judgement. Overall i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, It's a great game to play with your friends from taking a roadtrip across America to going through a adrenaline filled hot pursuit *NEW GADGETS AVALIABLE FOR POLICE CHASES* at high speeds. Although I wish it had steam achievements it doessn't which to be honest is usually a turn off when buying games because I'm an absolute achievement hunter. This game has a special feel to it compared to other racing games. The detailed environment gives you an extra sense of being there and the amazing diversity of cars makes you feel like the richest racer in the world. Although Ubisoft (as usual) is begging for money with the DLCs being extremely overpriced although they are still extremely fun and add crazy amounts of new content such as a whole new mini story (in ways) with the new Calling All Units DLC.Pros:-Great Graphics-Diverse veichle choice and customizability-Huge amounts of free roam-There is an incredible amount of things to do in this game with over 100 hours i havent even completed 30%-Constant online championships-Reasonable price for the game-my friend said its better than forza horison 3 (i dont believe him tho)-probably lots more i can't think ofCons:-Need a really good computer-DLCs are overpriced-the gravity stops you from doing barrel rolls-if you don't get the CAU DLC zoe tells you to get an unlockable car every 5 minutes-probably lots of other things i can't thing of right now"
,Recommended,241560,17264161,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Salka33,This game is awesome and is really fun to play with friends! Recommend it
76561198135106781,Recommended,241560,17396363,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Kecsi,"10/10Nagyon jó játék, csak ajánlani tudom!"
,Recommended,241560,17484944,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,GENERAL GAMBOLI,- Story- Uplay- Car physics+ nice selection of cars+ Multiplayer+ Car customizationOverall a fun game
76561198083577326,Recommended,241560,17631108,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,[DG] Dale626510,this a good racing game im new to it but i like all the cars
,Recommended,241560,18283422,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Josh,I don't have friends so this game sucks...
,Recommended,241560,18399474,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Find your Purpose,nice game !
,Recommended,241560,18481019,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ok0ner,Good game
,Recommended,241560,18481776,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,aka // -iwnl- | cs.money,I love The Crew.In my opinion this is one of the best raceing games from all time.I recomand this game 10/10.i Would replay it again.It deserve this money.But u can buy it cheaper from♥♥♥♥♥Thank you for reading.
76561198104514184,Recommended,241560,18542750,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,◙$h¥n◙,this is game is fun. hope could have more cars
76561198093836121,Recommended,241560,18568150,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Dean Winchester,Why ubi?This is TDU3(do u know what i mean :P)
76561198066883182,Recommended,241560,18676437,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Olaf The Snow,I recommed it if U don't have this glitch It made me pay 100 € for just the normal game and then it gave me trial version of the game !!
,Recommended,241560,19358968,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Still Here,Good Game
76561198015877388,Recommended,241560,19425569,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,PeterGKO,"When it comes to open-world racing games, this is one you'll at least want to try. The story is pretty boring and as generic as it gets, and the selection of cars seems somewhat random, but let me tell you where this game shines the brightest; the open world.Ubisoft has managed to take the entire country of The United Sattes, and shrink it down and put it into a racing game. The car customization is pretty good if you are looking to make your car the way you want. The performance tuning isn't wonderful, mainly just a ""this piece is a higher level than this one so it's better for your car"" but that being said, at least it has actual car parts to upgrade (tires, suspension, gearbox, etc.) instead of just upgrade speed or handling. But like I said early, where this game shines is in the open-world exploration. It has dynamic and chaning environments with rain and day/night cycles, a vast variety of landscapes raning from the tropical florida keys, to the big NYC, the snowy mountains of the northern rockies, the dry deserts of the southwest, and the beautiful coast line of California. And taking a large road trip in your favorite custom car and exploring the world is one of the best things I've done in a video game before.There are plenty of side activities and challenges to do, and plenty of fantastic roads to explore and drive on. If you are looking for an open-world exploration game with car customization and racing, this is the game for you."
76561198093147150,Recommended,241560,19644221,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,BIGPOPPABORG,AMAZEBALLZ! JUST...AMAZEBALLZ!
76561198262453011,Recommended,241560,20009243,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,idfk,Such a sick game!
,Recommended,241560,20202460,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,(ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻,"this was a fun game until i realized that in order to actually play it you need to buy the ""wild run"" version to go through the game, i wasted $15 only to be able to play the game for 2 hours... what is this?Edit: after restarting uplay and putting in my code i managed to get this to work. since then i have been loving the game. solid 9.2/10"
76561198074494961,Recommended,241560,20307622,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,lol,"Not sure why so many people dislike this game, but personally it's one of my favorites. You can just drive anywhere in the US, and the story's pretty good, but it's cheesy at times."
,Recommended,241560,20316815,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,☜ fiX ☞,"I don't know what to say!! Just an awesome graphic ,gameplay ,car customization ,lot of thing to discover because the wide of the map ,playing online with maa friennddd and last thing is >>>>>>AND HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA ..DENG DENG DENG x3"
,Recommended,241560,20326524,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,CHERRYCRUSH<3,wtf is this it stands i can buy full game i just bougth it xD
76561198109328038,Recommended,241560,20410890,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,A Politically Incorrect Pelican,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...and it wasn't before the last update
76561198036953087,Recommended,241560,20416812,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,єяяöя,Good games
76561197961171584,Recommended,241560,20460705,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,K31TH3R,"Here's everything I wish people would've told me about this game while I debated buying it, summarized from most to least important:-From a complete simulator geek obsessed with race sims, on hardcore mode with a Logitech G27, the physics lean much more towards simcade than arcade. In fact, the physics remind me a lot of Gran Turismo 4, with much better low speed differential physics (aka you can actually do a proper donut)-The vehicle upgrades can be used to vastly impact vehicle handling, and if the car feels unrealistic, swapping around differential parts and tires makes a huge difference, and can make an upgraded car that feels arcade-y, to VERY sim feeling.-If you own a Logitech G27 and you don't own this game, WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR LIFE?-It's the TRUE spiritual successor to Test Drive Unlimited, and you should forget TDU2 ever existed.-While the graphics resembles TDU2 (same lead environment artist, who is now employed by Rockstar) NOTHING ELSE DOES, SO FEAR NOT, that POS game can be forgotten and/or nuked into eternity.-The developers who created this game LOVED it, and it shows.Tips:-If you have a low end processor, turn geometry settings down. The visual impact is minimal (a little more pop in) and it will vastly boost your FPS-If you have a low end GPU, turn Ambient Occlusion to SSAO or off.-If you love race sims, have a wheel, you NEED to buy this game. PERIOD."
76561198059117894,Recommended,241560,20585323,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,EvlGns,"Great game that has gotten even better the wild run expansion its well worth the investment, it has taken the game to a new level its pretty much like a new game. The drifting!, monster trucks and drag racing are excellent editions but my personal favorite is the bikes being added exploring the huge open world with them is awesome.There is more people playing it online when you login than I can ever remember before which is awesome its fun to cruise with others and outrun the police, race and etc.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,241560,20845566,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,SilverCatzZ,"Honest Review (Spoilers might included):This is the first time I play a game made by Ubisoft. I enjoy this game a lot (since I can explore the USA). And I don't care if the game have to launch Uplay, it's their game anyway.Let's start.It's true some (or most) of the missions usually have a same kind of objective, I don't deny it and it's kinda boring. But hey, I'm not rating the game only from the missions they provided to us.The driving style kinda nice, but not too good, it's not way too simulatoristic, but also not too arcadish. For the perfomance part, you might want to farm it a bit since it's kinda hard to get a good parts.The physics, yesss, I also notice that, the glitches and stuffs, but I found that funny to derp around. And no, the game not way too glitchy, don't worry.The playground also HUGE, they cut a few parts of USA though, but whatever, it's BIG ! The map have a lot of activities to do, mostly just the same type of skills run, like speeds, precision. Don't worry about going from place to place, they got Fast Travel (After you explore the area first of course).The AI catchup system might be the annoying part of the game, but that also keep me awake for the entire races, making the races not boring. Depend on how you see it in the end.The cars, they don't have too much of it, but still have a nice modification, even though we can't freely modify the vinyl and the size of wings, etc etc~, but it's still nice to me. You don't have to go to your garage everytime you want to change your car, just a few buttons tap and voila! You use another car!Pros:- A large playground for you to play.- You learn how to activate product on Ubisoft.- Buy this game when on Sale!- A new photo mode when freedrive!- A Sexy nerdy girl, why not!- Wild run expansion might be needed for more fun (Monster Truck! but you can't run over civ's car with it, only for stunts like flips and 360).- You can have up to 4 person (include you) in a crew.- Canadian border works!Cons:- Need to farm to get a good perfomance part and money.- AI catchup might be annoying if you can't handle it too well.- Overpriced Cars even though they look cheap.- Too bad you can't save your race in the middle of it. if you tend to lose connection, I suggest don't buy since this game required a full internet connection.- Most story missions contain same kind of objective that might make players bored.I'll add more stuff to this review later.I rate it 7.9/10Cheers!"
76561198125275275,Recommended,241560,22127325,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,XxadelgamerxX,Really Cool game i liked it and so realstic!
,Recommended,241560,22455816,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Jesus,"The game is fun but it gets boring easily, but overall the game is fun. There are some very stupid aspects to this game like how the wild run doesnt come with the season pass. I mess around on the game every now and then and i still enjoy it when i do.I also love the photo taker, it lets you create f****** amazing wallpapersSo yes I would reccomended this game, maybe on sale but still"
,Recommended,241560,22550306,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,leejonghwo,"cool package, i cant go to sleep 2 days; the game is so fun i'm talking about the story mode. i just finished the story mode and i can feel i'm in 5-10s' haha. i'm not sure if this game has more things to play after lv.50 of above. very few people playing these time and poor network. But the story mode was really fascinated me! The game was affordable only even for the story mode haha."
76561198202325884,Recommended,241560,22558264,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Crackalakin,The crew is definatley one of my most favourite open world racing games to date. Driver san fran and gta just arent my thing. The crew has an amzaing and intreging view of america. Me not even being to america i think its probably pretty on point. The customization is endless you will almost never see another car that looks anywhere near yours (not including decals i mean colour or physical wise) hundreds of diffrent visuals to do with eveery car in the game. the story mode is also amazing. super clean and free running game. frames are great im running a intel core 2 quad and a gtx 650. i run the game pretty solid at medium settings.online is buggy but pretty much one of the best online lobbys i have been in. racing wise that is. i find it to be a great game. Controls are a mix if sim and arcarde which gives the driving in this game a very good feeling.Anyway if you like racing games open world customization racing online and just generally like racing games i would definatley recommend picking it up. especially since the price has dropped thirty bucks.
,Recommended,241560,22566092,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Weaxt,!
,Recommended,241560,23489207,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Ramzter,Nice game to play with friends! (y)
,Recommended,241560,23490537,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Pentex | New acc,Windows 10The Crew Steam latest versionNvidia GTX 980TICrashes at launch.Other than that a good game.EDIT: June 21th. Still crashing.
,Recommended,241560,23700107,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Xanthone,"A great driving game set on an epic large map, that spans the Florida Evergaldes, to the higways of LA. While some of the buildings are low poly, what do you expect of a game this size? If you stick to driving, you wont even notice. Ive put in 300 hrs so far, and still havent explored 50% of the map. Great game, get it."
76561198263004475,Recommended,241560,23924991,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,connor_laney,The game is the best driving game i have ever played the 1 issue i have found with the game is its hard to drive with keyboard other the that its amazing!
76561198118495615,Recommended,241560,23927008,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nate Sharkbait,Love this game had it on PS4 then sold the PS4 and got it on PC. It looks Plays and runs well great game if you love racing and cars
76561198166166320,Recommended,241560,24024044,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,EpicJustin1,"NOTE: At the time of writing this review, I have completed 36 hours so far.I just want to say, first off - I would take this over ANY and EVERY Need for Speed game out there. Yeah, that's right EA. I am an ex-customer of your company.Ok, so The Crew is that kind of game where once you start playing it, and after you're done playing it for the day, you really don't want to play any other game. At least that's how it is for me. And yes, it is my favorite game and I feel like it will stay that way for a LONG time. It has tons of cars in it, it has a HUMONGOUS map, and it has a good storyline (for an arcade-style game).First, the best part: the ""minimum"" system requirements can definitely go some lower than they are currently. Guess what my graphics card is? Ok, get ready... Intel HD Graphics Family. Yeah. BUT - on the lowest possible game settings - it runs The Crew pretty well! I was SHOCKED when I tried the Demo, before I got the complete edition, that it didn't lag crazily or didn't crash or give error messages. Also I'm on Windows 10 and my computer is a laptop, just worth noting. Also, if you're that kind of gamer that HAS to have the game on highest, most luxurious settings, and you have a non-gaming computer, then you pretty much are forced to lower your settings in-game. Come on, be grateful that the game is at least playable on whatever computer you have. HOWEVER, don't take what I'm saying here and apply it to all computers. I'm talking about an Intel HD Graphics Family specifically, I have absolutely NO idea what lesser computers will be like with this game. Just putting that out there.Ok, now moving on to the (few) bad things. Firstly, I am not too sure if this is my computer's fault, or the game, or Steam, or what - but every once in a while I will start the game, go into free-roam, and the car will automatically go forward OR sometimes backwards. I will attempt to stop it, by pushing either control, does nothing... and even when I go Ctrl-Alt-Delete, it does it THERE too! It selects things in either an upwards or downwards motion, and the only thing I know to do is restart the dang computer. This is very frustrating, and I don't exactly know how to fix it, I've gone to Google, no close-enough results show up there. Hopefully someone high-ranked can fix it though. Next, a minor inconvenience, whenever you crash into something with your car, it creates white lines all over the area of impact. Kind of wierd, but... it's not a simulator, so I'll let that one pass. That's just about everything I don't like that I can think of right now, I'm currently at level 26 so if I find anything else later on in The Crew, I'll edit this review. Hope this informed some people about certain stuff. Thanks for reading!"
76561198066889288,Recommended,241560,25127824,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Lewosch,"Lots of people are complaining about bugs, crashes, Ubisoft sucking♥♥♥♥♥and not helping the game in any way except releasing more DLC. But if you can look past all that you get a really quite fun open world driving game, where you can drive all over America. There are a fair bit of cars, nowhere near how many most people would like, but enough to keep you busy. There is the problem with that if you want the best cars to be max level (1299) you will have to do a good amount of grinding if you want it fast. The Crew would be a lot better if Ubisoft didn't sit around sucking its own♥♥♥♥♥♥all day and actually fixed the problems in a timely manner, but none the less its a fun game. I'd reccomend getting it on sale, and trying the demo first."
,Recommended,241560,17234747,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Erick,"Tons of stuff to do, only issue is later in the game it gets really grindy.uPlay also stinks but it's not the worse thing in the world."
,Recommended,241560,17242472,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,kaakao,"Doesn't do anything new for the genre, but it does everything pretty good."
76561198047524611,Recommended,241560,17252941,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Frärssiii,"The Crew is good game but you need to have very VERY good computer for playing this game, and i dont have that kinda of computer but it is playable on low settings  so i give 4/5"
,Recommended,241560,17288612,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,[UKUS]dAdDyPiMp™,"this game is standard......next-gen lmao.....but it has its moments and if u can get it on the cheap then bonus. If this was released now as a early access people would be raving about the potental of this game, But it isnt so dont pay full price for it! Ubi again with micro transaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, Suggestion for the next game take some of the micro transaction money from this and invest it in fault testing and quality control."
,Recommended,241560,17360747,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Crash&Burn,It is a great game and I find driving the U.S.A is really Fun. Now all they need to do is add the Audi R8 V10
,Recommended,241560,17384744,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ishida mitsunari [石田 三成],"This game is kinda good only if you don't do story and didn't set controls to hardest ones without having a racing wheel.(since several cars suck at handling too much...)Buy it only on discounts!(since it costs too much...)Main review part:Graphics: Good but they eat too much so i have to play on medium to not to lag @10 fps :x (8/10)Gameplay: It's kinda good, but some moments are too bad (when you have to rekt someone for example)(7/10)Controls: Menu navigation sux, car handling: okay, but not realistic(ice+any OP car=powersliding 24/7, but if we go ""nub mode"" and set full assist, we don't powerslide -.-) (5/10)Story: Good for NFS, not good for everything else xD at least no unethical♥♥♥♥♥♥so its okay... (6/10)Setting: 1:50(i think) scale USA is kinda cool, and a lot of cars to choose... (10/10)End-Game playability: Best part of this game is endgame cuz you have much todos and PvP, but.. that means grinding which is not good in racing kind of games...(parts for example) (7/10)Overall rating: Game is kinda decent, but overpriced and you must rush thru story to get to interesting part... Btw there is some other alternative to it which is much betr, but has no nfs stuff, its Test Drive Unlimited 2... kinda decent time waster, so try it out too! (much cheaper. but those edays dev support is almost nothing :c)Rank: B (7,1/10)"
,Recommended,241560,17453646,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,The Lonely Turtle,"Other than the S  h  i  t Matchmaking and unfair opponents , along with ♥♥♥♥♥tttttttty money system , the Game gets pretty good past 50 hours, Multiplayer is still terrible though and will forever be unfair for anyone whom doesn't have a 1299 lvl Lambo"
76561198201366759,Recommended,241560,17568377,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,gregorycooke2000,awesome game
76561198237650416,Recommended,241560,17947836,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,EL COBRA,this game is awsome'
,Recommended,241560,17963198,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Balmy Palms,such a great game 10/10 hours of endless fun!!!
76561197960310158,Recommended,241560,18074347,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Emigrante,If you like racing games you will like this. Greate fun and good story.
76561198143559325,Recommended,241560,18122142,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,THUNDER,Does it work on windows 10???
,Recommended,241560,18420081,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,utopian,"The Crew has it issues like sudden crashes (but that’s expected being a UBISOFT PC game) but even then they don't happen often, but what really bugs me is how you can be free driving and all of a sudden you run through a mini-game challenge, sometimes you can simply swerve out of the way but on small road with guard rails it’s impossible not to go through them, you then have to click ESC and abort it which completely ruins the experience. Now they can be helpful for gaining parts and XP but it would be nice if you could avoid them. I think my only other big issue in this game is if you get in close proximity to an item (im guessing a collectible to get the hidden car) the radar starts this infernal bleeping noise that will not stop unless you drive away. I also have some smaller issues with the gameplay being that although they saved us from tailing and time missions in ACU they just couldn’t help adding some off road tailing and takedown missions which I might add are really hard to do due to the weird off road physics that if you go over a bump your truck goes vertical and when it lands it swerves. Also I know it’s a racing game but I can’t help but feel they could have put a bit more diversity in the missions. Some good points are for the most parts the physics are good, the driving is also very responsive and it feels good to take turns and show off, the graphics are stunning, the car selection is decent and the joy I receive from just driving around and exploring the huge map really makes the game for me. And although there are micro-transactions thankfully they are not vital to completing the game. Last thing I’ll say is that you don’t have to join an online crew with real people or play the missions with other players, it can be played completely single player, I’m sure this is well known but at the time I purchased the game I didn’t know and the information would have been helpful in my decision. So I think at the core like all UBISOFT games it’s a really good game and defiantly worth paying, especially if you’re into open world racing."
76561198005676413,Recommended,241560,18500983,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,KenshiN,"One of the most competitive racing game. It has a lot of cars, good story, and a lot of fun! I really enjoy this game."
76561197968067067,Recommended,241560,18504774,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Smeg,"You catch a guy by going around in circles, a nitro that makes your car go slower and I got an acheivement for going 250mph in a car with a top speed of 150mph. Would play again."
,Recommended,241560,18547810,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Zardoz93,"Ahh... The Crew. I must say, this is probably the best racing game I have ever played. Yes, I do have experience with racing games, as I have played NFS:UG, NFS:HP, Forza 4, Forza Horizon 2, GT, and GT5. However, I have never had more fun on a racing game than I have had playing The Crew. The Crew features a HUGE open world MMO (and by huge, I mean that it's literally a condensed version of the United States). The map has 5 major regions: the Midwest, the East Coast, the South, the Mountain States, and the West Coast. Each region has it's own main city, except for the Midwest, which has two. The Midwest has Detroit and Chicago, the East Coast has NYC, the South has Miami, the Mountain States has Las Vegas, and the West Coast has Los Angelas. Each region  has it's own smaller states too, such as Salt Lake City from the Mountain States, and Sacremento from the West Coast. The map is so big I probably haven't even explored 75% of it yet.There is a pretty large selection of cars to choose from, from a Ford GT to a Nissan Skyline R34, and each have at least one out of five specs (the starter cars have all specs, and so do some other cars). The specs are: Street, Dirt, Performance, Raid (which is basically almost monster level), and Circuit. Street is the middle child when it comes to speed, but it handles great and can take corners easily. The best car for Street is probably the Nissan Skyline R34. Dirt is for slight off-roading, as it is very fast on dirt and road, but can still go offroad faster than Street, but not much faster. The best car for Dirt is porbably the Ford Focus RS. Performance is the second fastest, and is the one you'll probably race with the most during the story. It take corners well, but not as well as Street, but it's speed makes up for it. The best Perf car is probably the Koenigsegg Agera R, Ferrari LaFerrari, or Lamborghini Aventador. Raid is for straight-up offroad and taking people out. It's the slowest, but it doesn't need a road to get to one's destination. It is the fastest offroad. The best Raid car is probably either the Chevrolet Silverado or the Ford Raptor. Now for Circuit. Circuit destroys on roads, hands down, but when it comes to offroad, you're better off just fast-traveling to the nearest street. The best Circuit is probably the Ford GT or Saleen S7.The story is great. I had a lot of fun playing it. Play as Alex Taylor, who was put in prison for being framed for the murder of his own beloved brother, Dayton, by a V2 from the 5-10s named Shiv, and a corrupt police officer named Coburn. Travel across the U.S.A. to climb to the top of the 5-10s to get revenge on Shiv.All in all, this is a great game. I don't think I can stress how much I loved it."
,Recommended,241560,18652633,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Raven^,"Nice cars, customization, missions..."
,Recommended,241560,18700872,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,alphasquad45,One of my favorite games I have played in a while.
76561198157963931,Recommended,241560,18747736,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,D0BX3X,"It says that i bought it in my library, but on the game it said i have to buy it to play more"
,Recommended,241560,18754112,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,TotalJulian,Takes way to long launch please fixalso has repetitve story mission which can get boringIt also freezes for a little bit rarely then goes backThe cutscenes play after every retry which is badBad context to who characters areMicrotransactions suck ballsIts still a fine game though even with the above
,Recommended,241560,18779817,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,bgbdrod,"This is a awsome game, lots of things to do. I can't see how most anyone would get bored with this game. You must like driving games to buy this one though."
,Recommended,241560,19244567,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,ndragortt,"Honestly I really think more people need to appreciate this game for what it is. Everyone's always so caught up in what games have better graphics/framerate/etc. From what I gather, neither of those things are Ivory Tower's goal. What they truly HAVE accomplished with The Crew is successfully piecing together an enjoyable game with nice cars and a gigantic map. And aside from that, they're still supporting the game a whole year after release with new cars, handling improvements, and now an entire graphical overhaul. It's clear that the developers are making their best effort to succeed in all categories. In my unpopular opinion, that's what matters the most."
,Recommended,241560,19314232,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,osivee,One of the best open world racing game so far.....in the start of the game really suck but after that it can be enjoyable :)[[PAID♥♥♥♥♥♥]Most cars i wanted are paid :(
,Recommended,241560,19338028,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SCHW1FTY,nice game
76561198158369450,Recommended,241560,19452351,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,云十,"This game so cool and fun , but why no this two car layken and mclaren p1?? Like missing something's"
76561198025056237,Recommended,241560,19455953,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,MMG,"My Fiat 500 just beat an Aston Martin.10/10 would recommend.Now, for a more serious note:I really don't get why this is ""mixed"". The game is awesome, it has a huge map. Handles like the old NFS:Most Wanted or something of the sorts. Yes, there are microtransactions, but you can easily manage without this, and the story's pretty fun as well. I highly recommend this game if you like racing games with an arcade-y feel to it."
76561198041936573,Recommended,241560,19471228,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,LieutenantLysol,"Lets see. Love the open world and multiplayer aspect, good car slection, looks better than watchdogs.Hate uplay, optional microtransactions (what more do you want I bought your game), serious lag near other players, bland story"
,Recommended,241560,19505807,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,chubbchub09,amazing game
76561198160456682,Recommended,241560,19677702,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,A.K.,"The game as a whole is very well made. There are small glitches, but considering the size of the map they're irrelevant. If you are into cars and like cruising around, then this is the game for you."
76561198060856735,Recommended,241560,19836141,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Vutin TradeSkinsFast.com,"This game is a very good game, i still will play the game eventhough I DO  reccomend this game. Now it is fun SOMETIMES and can be exciting, but the worst part is that there are very little cars and season pass is dog poop.Also, making money in this game is quite difficult for everyone, except for platnium 1 in the league and if your higher than a gangsta. Also, they have all of their discounts for Crew Credits (CC) Which you have to pay money for.Some cars in the game are over priced by about 135,065$ or 123685.90€.Now those were the cons :).Plus you cant make your own charactor, everyone is the same.Pros-Has big map-Good Story-Nice graphics for a very big map!-You can fast travel-Not very many cheaters/modders.-The game rarely ever drops its frames-Physics are derpy（。々°）-People are nice :D-Very time consuming!-"
76561198012607950,Recommended,241560,19902955,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,in2tronix,"Well what can I say about The Crew, An absolutly fantastic Online MMO Driving Sim that has be one of the best so far. Stuning Graphics, Huge Server Supporting Hundreds of Players interacting on one great map. Where they where taking ideas from Atari's TDU/TDU2 concept and other Drivering Sims and making the first true 21st Online Car Sim That truely beats GTAV or any other Real World Sim that has free form driving.The Driving Experience is just inspiring to invision the next installment of this Game. we cant wait if they create Europe Maps or Go Crazy and create a map of the whole world :)."
,Recommended,241560,20061614,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FatChickThriller,"The only reason you should buy this game, and I stress this, the ONLY reason, is if you love the idea of driving around the United States of America. The map is the selling point of this game. A gigantic condensed map of the US, Driving corner to corner it a moderately quick car, enjoying the sights and the roads, will take you about 2 hours or so. The map is just so massive and diverse, and once you get out of Detroit and Chicago, it is so ridiclously pretty. I am biased as I have travelled all over the US, so I know city they are trying to show off. They have captured the essence of each city fairly well, with perhaps an exception of Detroit, New York and Chicago, which seem very dull, likely due to the lack of crime, pedestrians and traffic. Many of the other cities look and feel pretty spot on, especially approaching Las Vegas. However, this is the only positive of the game.The car selection is limited and dissapointing. They all handle horribly. To get something remotely playable, you need to greatly fine tune the handling, otherwise it is far too vague and unresponsive.The story in The Crew is so bad, it makes any Need For Speed story worthy of an Oscar in comparion.The game is a true dissapointment in every sense of the word... except for the map. Once you have the handling fine tuned to something remotely playable, and you manage to find one car of any remote interest. Once you hit the road and just drive, this game is more enjoyable than any other sandbox driving game, Forza Horizon included. Driving around the coasts, paticularly near New Orleans, Miami and over towards Texas is a sight to see. Driving through New Mexico at night or early evening/morning is unreal."
76561198117514938,Recommended,241560,20340477,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[GP]Co-Leader Chow Chow,ITSW SO ♥♥♥♥ING FUN
,Recommended,241560,20402094,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Bunyan,"After about 23 hours as of this review I'd say I have enough time under my belt to write a review so here it goes (If there are any spelling errors or gramatical errors, forgive me I type pretty fast and make mistakes). And yes UPLAY is needed for the CREW (some say this is bad some don't care. I'm one of those that don't care)The crew I had many speculation's about because people had said that it wasn't an MMO or very open world, and that you had to drive up on hills to find these stations that reveal the map like in assassins creed. People also said the story is very short and not interesting at all. So firstly let me make my claim over these.Is the crew an MMO?A. No it is not, you are locked into a session of 8 people and you will never see more than that. Someone may leave the game and a new one will join in your session but that's about it. For the most part you see people here and there and maybe you drive by them or pull up and rev your engine to race, but that's it. Other than the PVP events and races you're pretty much flying solo on this one.Is the crew open world?A. YES and in a very big way. Ever since Need for Speed hot pursuit I wanted another racing game with a very open world aspect and the CREW (for me) delivers in a big way. You start out in detroit but you can drive on down to Miami and then drive to the Grand Canyon, up to Niagra Falls and down to L.A. To me, that's pretty damn awesome. Now, is The CREW a realist representation of the USA? Yes and No, Yes they have included many major cities and landmarks as well as some famous and surrounding towns but for the most part it's highways and open roads. But they have done well to add in many other key things in between such as marshes down in Miami, many farmlands in the Midwest. And a lot of the forestry seen is pretty on par with what would be in the surrounding terrain. So is it a 100% accurate rendition of the US? No, because otherwise you'd spend days to just drive down to Miami. But is it a big open world that is like the US and offers a lot of Free Driving fun? Yes, in a BIG way.Do you reveal the map with Viewpoints like in AC?A. Kind of, you have data stations which detail monuments and skill mini games found on the roads, that's pretty much it. Where the revealing of the map comes into play is when you drive on a road or in an area it starts to reveal the map where you drove. The only other kind of ""Drive and find this"" is the hidden car parts for hot rod's and that's about it.Is the story bad?A. In my opinion it's OK, it feels like Ubisoft was going for a Fast and the Furious kind of story in a sense. But the bulk of the story is cutscenes and using races to solve issues which makes the story kind of boring here and there. But I do keep guessing as to how the story will play out so it's kept my attention at least.Now I'll detail Pro's and Con's of the crewPro's-Open world-A fair selection of cars to choose from-Lots of customization for your cars-Driving and racing is fun-Driving controls are good (I use an xbox360 controller)-Many different car customization options for off road, racing, street racing, circuit racing, etc.-For a racing game it doesn't look bad, you generally focus on the roads and your car (cars look like they are a high texture though) so texture quality isn't a huge biggy, up close you can see the lower textures but like I said, you're driving and racing in 3rd person so it's not an issue.Con's-Not an MMO, an 8 player session is not an MMO, I'd prefer if anything a 32 player session or maybe 50. I think an MMO style with hundreds of people racing could become hectic.-Framrate dips in big cities with lots to load. I'm running a GTX 980 Ti and see frame rates of 20-30 FPS in larger cities, all other times I usually got around 40-50's even in forests.-Even more customization options would be good-Microtransactions to buy more money and ""CREW credits."" You don't have to do this and can easily earn your money by just playing but this micro transaction method in gaming really needs to stop. You can also pay $3(I think) for some other vehicles that can only be bought with your real money but they aren't anything special luckily.-No custom music options in-game, this is something I really wish they put it. No idea why they can't. It's not a huge issue because I can just run it in borderless windowed and run a playlist of my own stuff on the side but it's still a minor inconvenience.Overal I'd give the crew maybe a 7.5/10. It's fun and a really awesome open world driving game, I just wish more people could be in a session and framerate dips in larger cities weren't a thing."
,Recommended,241560,20538401,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,♥♥♥ si dojebal ♥♥♥,Tahle hra je SUPER!!!!!!
76561198022559943,Recommended,241560,20728381,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Oddball,"It's good. Really good.The driving isn't the most realistic, but that doesn't matter, compared to what the game offers. The map is huge and feels so, too. There are no walls or borders within the map, if you see it, you can drive there. To the north are mountains in the south is the Mexican border. Inbetween is a nice mix of everything; salt flats, snowy mountains, woodland. Tuning is basically unlimited. You can keep your first car and race it in every event, you don't have to purchase new cars to progress. The selection of cars is good, too. I like classic muscle cars and finished the game with only two cars, a '69 Charger for everything but the Raid class, and a Camaro for raid. All other cars where just gimmicks for free drive. The cockpit view is great, it feels real and you have a good field of view. The music is nice, too. A good selection of tracks for all genres. You can also create a custom radio station with the ingame songs, picking what you like from all other stations.But not everything is good, you need to be online to play. If you disconnect, it's game over. Usually not much of an issue, unless you are within the last miles of a long 1h+ endurance race.I recommend this game to everybody who wants a good driving game with alot to do in a large world."
76561198144493711,Recommended,241560,20863291,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ThingOnFire.,Wow... I am SPEECHLESS at how GOOD this GAME is.First of all i have teh best computer and this game PUSHED it.ALL TEA CARSI like the spec system for the cars it is a gud system.
,Recommended,241560,20871490,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dayeon,Driving games are awesome!!!
,Recommended,241560,21238075,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,GV,the game is not working when  i open it i have 90h on it and one night i was playing everthing was fine and it just shut my pc down and now it says there is a problem with the game and cant open it. SOMEONE HELP ME!
,Recommended,241560,21695073,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,SpyBot68,if you have friends that are willing to spend some (a lot) of time to help you out and play the game with you its a very fun racing and openworld game where you can do pretty much anything you like (that can be done in a car game)
76561198023354483,Recommended,241560,21991958,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,OrlandoBrett,"The game gets worse the longer you play it. The single player is just OK. The multiplayer pvp is a mess.I've never seen a multiplayer this messed up. There is no real matchmaking, so you have inexperienced and experienced all playing together at the same time. Where Ivory Tower real messed up is letting overpowered bikes race with cars at the same time. In some races, you have to use a bike if you want to win. Most people that purchased this game bought it because it was a car racing game.There is a reason motorcycle games do not sell that well. If there were a Video Game Court, the developers would be banned for life from developing games for this horrendous lack of judgement. This game will irritate you more than the fun you would experience. I will never buy another game developed by Ivory Tower or any of it's development team. Also, UBI should never publish another racing game since they obviously lack the competance in this area to provide proper oversight to it's developers. Also the game is riddled with bugs. Me and my friends that own the PC version experience a multitude of game crashes each day we play this game.Update: The developers have updated the bikes so they are not so over powered. This shows the developers are listening to the majority of its players instead of the vocal minority. Now if they could just fix the bugs that would be great."
76561198216295333,Recommended,241560,22033132,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,redjohn-79,the game is nice but it needs an r35 gtr
,Recommended,241560,22057185,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Seijaku.kun,"To the people who buy games as soon as they come out: go and complain to EA for The Sims.Now, onto AN ACTUAL review of THE GAME (and not Ubisoft's selling/marketing policies)The game is awesome, lots of content, sh*tty story (still many things to do in story mode), decent amount of cars to keep you interested in tunning them and stuff, interesting online events.I love open world racing games because sometimes I just wanna sit and DRIVE, not race against AI/online opponents. This game is as awesome as Burnout Paradise to do that (I still go back to that game from time to time).I just hope they release a patch or something to keep playing it offline when they pull the plug on the servers...Otherwise, a very very nice game. I put 7 hours into it and it's the first day I'm playing it.Edit: 100 hours into the game, and I'm still playing it regularly. Yes, it is THAT good."
76561198055971110,Recommended,241560,22441841,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Palarius_Rex::мычание,"The singleplayer aspect of this game is a bit boring. The story seems rushed.However, just like the trailer, I feel like this game is not meant to be played alone and is meant to be played in a crew. The people I've met in PvP events are by far one of the friendliest community in a video game. Just cruising with high end cars from New York City to Los Angeles just talking to the people online makes this game so enjoyable.As for cars, I like the variety. Although it is not close to the amount of cars in say Gran Turismo or Forza, just upgrading a mustang into a Monster spec is so satisfying. You could also win DLC vehicles from special events, which gives an incentive to play more. Furthermore, they keep updating and releasing more specs for cars.This is by far not the best game I've played; however, it is my favorite racing game."
76561198162695377,Recommended,241560,22646756,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,OvershotElf,"It took me an hour to race a lap around the entire United States, so I would say the really went for realism.  Honestly though this is a good mindless/no-skill racing game that is really fun to play with friends."
76561198117705125,Recommended,241560,22733575,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Trapper,i love this game its the best game ever buy it then you will have fun forever!!!!!the game is also buggy as poop :D
,Recommended,241560,23315640,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SpuriousArbiter,Overall a good game! Wont get bored if you buy the wild run expansion!
,Recommended,241560,23327914,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,fLrAeNak (Flake),"Fantastic game if you have friends to join you. Not worth it if you going to be playing alone. Physics; a but wonky, graphics; decent, loading times; excellent.This is the closest you\'ll get to Forza Horizon on PC."
76561198123594973,Recommended,241560,24037659,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,RedneckGaming4K,I need help i have the game but it keeps crashing on me.. It says that it has stopped responding
76561198085212571,Recommended,241560,24191360,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,HearseDriv3r,Good game. I like the fact that you can cruise from city to city.
,Recommended,241560,24335685,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,BlackOrangeGraphite,Nice game for good PC.
,Recommended,241560,24458262,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SU-47 Cutie,NISMO
76561197992459105,Recommended,241560,25875102,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,the dog,pretty good game dispite the many bug's
,Recommended,241560,28262110,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,The Crazy Gringo,"This is the first car racing game I've bought since Motorhead back in the 90s and what a great game it is. In fact, the beta got me hooked, then I waited till the complete edition went down in price and I wasn't disappointed.Some very difficult races if your car and driving aren't up to scratch and the game really brings out the competitive edge.Love tinkering with the cars and upgrading them and finally winning a race with a faster car.Online is also seamless but can take an age to get to a race.Game performance is faultless and on a GTX970/FX8320 is a solid 60 fps.Well worth the money I spent on it."
,Recommended,241560,14935930,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Roadside_Racoon,Pros:- FPS Friendly- Great Selection of Cars- Great Customization- Huge Map with Different Terrain- Freedom to go Almost Anywhere- Cars get Dirty when going OffroadCons:- Arcade Handling-Anti-Aliasing could be more FPS Friendly (See specs on my profile. I have every thing on high exept anti-aliasing. I must put it to FXAA or else I get a low frame rate.)- UplayUplayUplayUplayUplayUplayUplayUplayUplayUplayUplayUplayUplayUplayFinal Result: 8/10
76561198037665802,Recommended,241560,17220481,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mr. Dice,"With wild run patch the game is now a lot better than before! And thankfully you don't need to actually buy the dlc to have the improvements, just update the game will give you all...very very nice thing. Overall now is a good game for me, not the best in terms of driving simulation but it can be fun. Anyway i highly reccomend to buy it on sales time!"
,Recommended,241560,17279552,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Fnatti96,"Fantastic fun, realistic driving and challanges (exept the jumping ofc)10/10"
76561198015444844,Recommended,241560,17452711,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,levunovo.com Atanasjr,"Amazing concept, great cars and fun :)Racing simulators changer :)"
,Recommended,241560,17570698,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Albert Einstein,Action-based racing game! :)
76561198107780281,Recommended,241560,17742138,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Atzepeng,"Solid racing game, love it"
,Recommended,241560,17977966,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,JesusKing,Dank Racing With Dank Danks And Dank Dankaroonees
,Recommended,241560,18054517,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,MineKidPlays,"Its basically GTA, but you cant get out of your car. The handling is a bit quirky though."
,Recommended,241560,18084059,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,ChickenLittle,"I brought and downloaded ""the crew"" from Steam yesterday. Everything is installed correctly and the Uplay is connected. But there is nothing happened when I click the ""start"" button, no error report. A few second later, the Uplay jumps out and tells me ""Thank you for playing the crew"". S o I open up the task manager and do it again. I observed that ""the crew"" process starts when I click the ""start"" button. But after a few second, ""the crew"" process suddenly disappears and the Uplay comes out again to tell me ""Thank you for playing the crew"". it seems that the game already shuts down before it can start. I deleted and re-downloaded it today but the problem is still there."
,Recommended,241560,18266538,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Wezzer,Good game
,Recommended,241560,18578259,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Analsss,Extremely well made and realistic game. Would be more fun if you have friends to play with. Not much of a solo game.
,Recommended,241560,18580399,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nattooo,its amazing
,Recommended,241560,18651076,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Boat,I love this game so much its amazing to just get on with some friends and explore the US
,Recommended,241560,18691967,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,potatodude321,this game is pretty sickAAAWWWW      YYYIIIIIZZZZ
,Recommended,241560,19380496,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,rey,"Excelente juego, graficos super reales, conduccion super realista, con el dlc podes tener hasta motos y autos extremos, puse el manejo en manual y es muy real, se siente como en la vida real, tiene multiplayer, no le falta nada, juego super recomendado 10/10"
,Recommended,241560,19384144,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,HSW729,One of the best games I've ever played
76561198032079687,Recommended,241560,19402339,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,nandrews356,"i got this game due to a friend's reccomendation, and for the most part, I'm not at all disapointed.  Thisis a very fun game that you cane asily sit down and play for hours with out even realzing how much time has gone by.  This game gets 5x even better if you have a friend or two and play together.    The solo missions, while on your own, can get repetitive and dry, but when with a crew online together, the game hits a new level.  I would reccomen this to most people who enjoy live world MMO's that need a slight change of pace from the normal."
,Recommended,241560,19451014,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Gr055™,"One of the best Racing Games, i must say after the NFS most Wanted, i enjoyed this one the most!!"
,Recommended,241560,19491209,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Filipe,"Great game,almost flawless for is kind. Game runs smooth at highest settings 1080-1440p with 1-4 years old hardware. Minor bugs/glitch found just 1 to tell the truth is sometimes the map while driving stop generating so you need to press the button to get back to the road to be able to continu or you will be stuck in the void. Graphics are good mostly environment is not repetitive or anything,from big cities to small towns going thru deserts,mountains,canyons,forests and even swamp. Gameplay wise if you like to drive,you will drive until your knees hurts. The only big issue in this game is...sadly...the word Ubisoft. For some people the name Ubisoft is a problem because they are not perfect and most people don't know how to update bios,drivers or have a good pc and keep it clean of stupid junk that makes them run slow. Than there's games like Watch Dogs that didn't look like the previews...well i never had issues with watch dogs and it worked fine on my hardware. My opinion might worth what all other unknown people does but mine is from an serious Adult being so... Enjoy a good arcade racing mmo open world game because there's not that many of them."
,Recommended,241560,19536438,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Blightholtz,"Purchased The Crew for 29.99€. Play for 2 hours - then the game tells me that my 2 hour Trial is over and that I need to purchase the Wild Run DLC. That's some stinkin' dog♥♥♥♥♥♥if you ask me.Post on the game's store page that the DLC is REQUIRED in order to play the game! Now I can't play the game that I purchased without getting the DLC!So - before you buy, the game is actually 50€ instead of 30€ (if you get the main game+dlc package deal).Game - 8/10Ubisoft - ♥♥♥♥ you/10"
,Recommended,241560,19924931,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Xx.Domo-Elite.xX,"I think its a pretty cool game why so serious n down on the game just cause its not perfect in your mind its only a game and personally i think its good game and alot of time must have been put into making it, and the money i paid for it was well deserved."
76561198114008482,Recommended,241560,20143225,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,The Amish Hitman,"so after a month of playing and messing with settings heavily, i truely enjoy the game. all though u need ot tinker with wheel settings alot. i have found a great spot and am sorry i gave this game such a bad review.i went as much to rebuy the game after i returned it and continue to play it every day. i will say wait till u can get it on sale but i would re buy again."
,Recommended,241560,20201476,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ุAdam Kortesmaa,i bought the game and it said my demo time is out? amy one know why??
,Recommended,241560,20223253,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Krupted Peasant,"This game gets a bad rap and maybe some of it, deserved but I got this game during the holiday sale and I love it! The map, while obviously a heavily fictionalized version of the USA but still a huge and fun map to explore. As a long time GTA player, I unlike others like the handling of the cars in the crew.My only real complaint is the known stuttering issues, none of the fixes seem to work for me but it's not that bad in my case and something experienced in other mmos that have lag or other issues. I just think it's more noticable while driving 100 mph down the road vs wandering a fantasy realm...My only other complaints have nothing to do with the game itself but I am inclouding it none the less. YES, uplay, it still sucks and is still a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ It requires a key from STEAM to activate in Uplay which isn't clear to everyone and even then uplay recognises the steam version, but also initiates a second download in it's own folder so I now have the game on my pc twice, not sure if uninstalling from uplay will affect my steam version so I am leaving it alone. It also seems to think I am loading the game from an optic drive as it always asks for a disc in D drive 4x before the game launches.The game, taking this issues aside is one of the funnest driving games I have played in some time. This game should be tried and given more consideration, IMO."
76561198086284595,Recommended,241560,20267789,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,•Paradox•,"One of my favorite games, i know it says i have 6 hours but i played on ps4 before this and its VERY fun and has such a big map and challenges to do."
,Recommended,241560,20268983,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lil Chano,pretty good game but you can only play a nit of the story without having to buy the wild run dlc
76561198123729789,Recommended,241560,20347349,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Jip Poar neem'n,Dikke dikke waggies in deze game!
76561198107174272,Recommended,241560,20435623,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Dnoop_Sogg,"Top tier game, can draw giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the sand that are viewable from the map, also the game is actually very good, 8/8 <3"
76561198006969533,Recommended,241560,20517494,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,AiMERikEZ     /A/,g0d
,Recommended,241560,20578797,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,sumindaniro,"Ton of vehicle types like Street, Dirt, Raid, Performance, Circuit mixed with more fun game modes like Racing, Blitz brawl, Hold the crown, Elimination.Also there are Bikes and Monster trucks apart from normal racing cars ;)All available in a huge open world map.Awesome game!"
76561198170080391,Recommended,241560,20606300,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,justusbenson,Pretty good game... (you can't run over people) you need a pretty good pc to run this
,Recommended,241560,20937945,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,I Eat Glass,"Okay so let me just start by saying this is a good game so dont take what i say like it ruins the gamePros:-Huge map-awesome racing and unique handleing for every spec-Amazing customization-great community-good wheather/ time cycleCons:-Im not sure if its the port or not but the graphics and rendering are bad at times-small bugs and glitchs-un-even PVP (not summit)-Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥without Wildrun dlcIf your not going to by wild run, its not worth it. I personally have had tons of fun with this game and will continue to play. im not one to pay alot for a game so i would recomment waiting for a sale."
76561198186570855,Recommended,241560,21279194,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Petit Cactus Dissident,c'est un bon jeu
,Recommended,241560,21309423,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,✪Cole,"Love the open world in this game, its really fun to just drive around america."
,Recommended,241560,22204542,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Uškatec | hellcase.com,"-> I'm doing long mission, where you need to deliver car undestroyed-> After 20 minutes of careful driving i see the finish line-> Gas pedal to the floor + nitro-> Suddenly, a wild van appears-> I crash into van, mission failed11/10 would throw keyboard trough monitor again."
76561198160338662,Recommended,241560,22237326,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,JP-Artist,The Crew in my opinion is the best racing game on the market. The freedom to make up your own fun is one of the best things about the game as you can either play all of the story missions and pve missions or pvp racing. The pve missions have a good selection to play from for all the car specs to earn in game money and rep and some upgrades for your cars and with the addition of the crew wild run awhile ago there is alot more to do and extra cars and specs to have a play around with.With any racing game you find the usual group of racers who either drive dirty but you can easily avoid them but 90% of the time you find all kinds of drivers who are clean drivers and you have fun with as you race or cruise around.The crew is a great game with a race wheel for the people have one or are thinking to get one and a normal controller works great to.
,Recommended,241560,22513444,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Zox,cool
76561198306580711,Recommended,241560,23324459,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,PeeGaming,Awesome game..... Try it and u will definitely love it.... Am happy with it.
76561197987955229,Recommended,241560,23527239,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Premonition,"As someone who really enjoyed NFS Underground 2, this game felt very reminiscent, the story is good enough to at least keep playing through the campaign and the cars handle great as long as you put the time in to level them up. The map is awesome, it spans something like 110 kilometers across from Seattle to Miami and a lot of places in between, it's a lot of fun to cruise across the country with friends just exploring. The only downside is that this game is pretty pricy when you include Wild Run. Definitely check this game out when it goes on sale if you enjoy racing games that are more casual than Forza."
76561198262229585,Recommended,241560,23941455,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,False Advertisement,this is the best car type game out thare. i find that it is a good time killer becouse i just drive acrous the map for hours and hours.
,Recommended,241560,24043203,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dillon,"After Fixing The Game and so on and so on I can't stop playing it, every turn I go is a new adventure every car spec changes the path you should take and it leads to you some alternate routes. If you love free roam and you love cars I STRONGLY suggest getting this game.9/10 Would fly off a hill with the drag spec car again"
,Recommended,241560,24091083,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Aids McGuff,"This is a fantastic game, if you like arcade racing. I almost didn't purchase the game because of negative reviews, but with a friend of mine saying how good it was, I thought I'd try it. I don't know how the game was in the past, but it is a great arcade racing game not unlike the Midnight Club series.The game has a lot of content and I have only scratched the surface so far. The controls are great and there's a lot of performance and visual customization for most of the cars. There is a lot of tuning options for how car responds to the controls, whether it be gamepad, wheel, or mouse/kb. There's many events, the map is huge, and the gameplay is extremely fun. If you've been wanting a Midnight Club for PC, like me, this surpassed even my expectations.The only negative things so far is that the story isn't that great (but I really don't play racing games for story), and that the menus for shops are pretty slow since you have to wait for an animation to play between most of the options. Despite the menu issue, I really think it's a solid game and the mmo is a nice touch, even though you can only see a few people around you at a time, there's a lot of options to  connect with people via events and crews.If you only like sim games, I wouldn't recommend this unless perhaps you tune your car a certain way. Otherwise this one of the best arcade racing games for PC at the moment."
76561198310061707,Recommended,241560,24458540,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,YADS,my game keeps crashing before it even loadsit was working yesterday and now it doesnt workmy laptop specswindows 10 64 bitnvidia 960 m8 gb ram
76561198064153655,Recommended,241560,25631211,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,KarliN,"+) Great view! Graphics are good too.+) I love the music!""I like it! I need it! I have it! I waste it! Wo~wowo~ change your mind~!"" Hahahahaha.""Baraba bab bab bab bab barababa~ Baraba bab bab bab bab baBA!!"" YEAH! Hahahahaha.+) Nice looking cars.+) Fun controlling.+) Enjoyable envrionment: Cops not chasing you for overspeeding or line changing, people dodging your car, things that you break while driving, Feeling what it's like to drive in minimized USA and such.+) Various missions and challenges that doesn't bore you on your roadtrip to another area.+) Leveling up system and the fact that your cars become better as you level.+) You don't have to buy bikes and monster cars. They're just for certain quests only I think? I never get to use them and I didn't want to. I didn't buy a bike or monster car game.-) I think putting bikes and monster cars were over work. They should've just put their foot down and work with ""the cars"" only.-) It would've been much more clear and simple if each type of tuning is embedded in one car: Your car instead of having to buy each type of cars and have to upgrade them seperately for there is a limit that your levels can do for your cars.-) Kind of forcing people to do challenges over and over for platinum gears was absurd. They should've made more efficient and better ways to get'em. You shouldn't expect people to spend such time and effort for your game.-) In some missions they give you this weird cars to do them. In the early stage you will feel burdened because you're not even adjusted to your own car and they make you ride another one. In the late stage what they will give you is just barely enough to complete the quest. They are ususally much more crappier than your cars. It's like ""What's the point of upgrading your cars? I thought I could use my upgraded car that I spent almost 3 hours for it."" It was like slap in the face."
,Recommended,241560,17160341,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Fenyx,"Want a good journey driving? Want to customize your own ricer car? Get this game for a price and you get all the mentioned stuff. If you are a simple guy with a bunch of friends to play racing games, get this game. But if you are a simple-non-tryhard-simulation-wannabe-act-pro-sweg-only-plays-famous-brands-trashtalk-on-arcade-racer-game-playing-on-a-wheel person, don't get this game."
,Recommended,241560,17256658,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Metaroose,"Pros: no squeakers, massive map, good cars (not including dlcs), good atmpspherecons physics, bland storyline, servers, ♥♥♥♥ing LA driver hit me while 3 miles off a road"
,Recommended,241560,17280402,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,F.O.X,Great driving game with great car customization and a very large map. Just buy it if u like cars!
,Recommended,241560,17453384,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Biggu Bosu,"It's everything I've ever wanted in a modern racing game. Except for the uPlay part. No one wants that in any game.Racing mechanics aren't bad as everyone keeps making it out to be. Best recommended for past fans of games like Need for Speed. And hell, it's not an MMO, guys. I keep playing it as a singleplayer open-world racer with optional co-op and an always-online requirement, which is honestly what it has always been.Good for the game, bad for the Ubi.9/10."
76561198101620158,Recommended,241560,17923210,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,GhostSlayer00X,"This game is great for racers, or explorers, I love just driving around and can go anywhere I want. I love all the specs and customization that is available and Im even more excited for the graphics update and the new specs coming out. This game is amazing and I can also keep playing it."
76561198048460629,Recommended,241560,18237324,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Mister13,very nice game but sometimes there are very annoying bugs
,Recommended,241560,18267414,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,NekoNoKazeNya~,AMAZING JUST SIMPLY AMAZING
,Recommended,241560,18554010,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,KyoDani,American Touge Simulator
,Recommended,241560,18583086,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Mitchel0407,Give this game a cookie.
,Recommended,241560,18631840,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,00FFeiRiaD,its really good game guys come on buy now!!!!!! play together
,Recommended,241560,20191512,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Schrödinger's cat,"Good for those who buy gta just to drive around. All cars are licensed so no soft body physics on any cars. Optimized well for pc. Boring story, great sound design. The scans of the roads and cars are pretty accurate. I suggest buying only on sale.   Only bug I've experienced is outrunning the speed at which the map loads and getting stuck in a void till refreshed.EDIT: After a hotfix, I am missing a file that I cannot reinstall. I've tried reinstalling the game as a whole and using the redist package. Game is unplayable now.Edit:After a week or so with support the game is playable."
76561198202157537,Recommended,241560,20258633,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ruskan Warrior From Somalia,i love this game so mutch
,Recommended,241560,20261926,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,『Sushiboisss』Farmskins.com,Great game for cars lovers      great graphics       lots of cars        blablabla...but    some mission give too  less time and AI always boost their cars while in race xDThis game is great for someone that like to play racing and open world games  :]
76561198107048389,Recommended,241560,20308888,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[BKNE] xHaZe,nice :D
,Recommended,241560,20519123,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,tonykuoli,"I've been playing The Crew base game for a while since November and I only came upon it after the late-2015 patch which upgraded the graphics and physics of some cars.I love the game, yes.The Crew is simply the best driving-in-an-open-world game available on the PC, and the highlight of it is the virtual continental America with a great variety of enviroments for driving enjoyment.The cities in this game does not have a living-breathing feel, yet they act as huge playgrounds for driving the somewhat limited line-up of cars available in the game. I think Manhattan in The Crew is no smaller than GTA IV's Liberty City. The mountains and seasides in The Crew, however, are truly great places to get yourself lost in. The great open Americana-esque environment with ever-changing weather and time of day indeed provide a immersive experience which is hard to be found in any other driving games.This is a game made for virtual world explorers who happen to sit in a car seat and don't really care about too much about serious racing. The Crew's missions and racing can have result varying from exciting(compete in the snowy mountain road around Salt Lake City) to very boring(it totally miss the opportunity to make NYC as racing tracks interestingly). But the overall 'road trip' feel in this game is awesome.Then there's this always-online problem. I love the idea of 'Never Driving Alone' but the real experience is having the very common 'lost connection to server' headache... An offline 'Enjoy Driving Alone' will be appreciated, really."
,Recommended,241560,20546882,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,4C_65_6F,Looking for a not too hard racing game? Looking for one with coop? An open world?The Crew got you covered. Still enjoyable if you ignore all the story missions and just wander off and explore the world with a friend...
76561198076080536,Recommended,241560,20571056,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,I Was Watching Cops,"Really into cars,This game delivers it best, wish the upgrading was more detailed, but other than that best car game yet,in competition with forza horizon 2"
76561198000356119,Recommended,241560,20681402,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Diesel Brothers,good game op
,Recommended,241560,20710269,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Benjee 🐺,"I remember back on the original Xbox playing ubisoft games like Splinter Cell and what not it was amazing however ubisoft began to lose its touch on other games but when I saw The Crew I knew it would be a turn around its open world fun as can be I can play with my friends make a crew chill in freerome or go do races to complete my story mode. I would reccomend this to everyone who asks friends, randoms, family. This game is a new leaf for ubisoft"
,Recommended,241560,20790823,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ThaPupil,"explore america as you never seen it before. play fun missions and challenges with friends where you.... wait?! I have to  buy the wildrun ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, a hell no! I paid ♥♥♥♥ing 60 bucks for this game and you expect me to buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥too?! ♥♥♥♥ing hell's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s shiting on Satans♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.....but if you take that away, i suppose it's fun"
76561198079738098,Recommended,241560,21350810,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Might be Jub,Good game but has its flaws
,Recommended,241560,21438096,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Markyfresh,after messing with it and getting it to work its fun again XD overall 7/10
,Recommended,241560,21531582,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Bert,The Racing Game Equivilent Of Destiny And Warftame
76561198047321013,Recommended,241560,21956872,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Sentrik,I'd recommend Yes AND No. This game is really fun and adds an RPG aspect into a racing MMO. You'll grind for parts and money to be the best racer you can.But be warned...A darkness stirs....The games area loading...Combined with it's 1.5 hour long crew races...Make you waste...Tons of time...Just to watch as you get stuck in a ♥♥♥♥ing loading error and watch the NPC's blair past you in a blaze of glory as your stuck there in an impending hell of loading the beautiful terrain that too you looks like a screen tear when you're rendering a picture and the top half looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥but the bottom half has already rendered...But yeah. Otherwise this games pretty good. The driving mechanics are a bit aggresive and the story is shorter than my♥♥♥♥♥♥ The loot system is good and the map generally is good.8/10
76561198274734353,Recommended,241560,23961245,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,D4RK*M4TT3R™,"Great game, L:ove the cockpit view, handling of cars, graphics, amount of cars... Those are all Great points..... I'd like to get rid of the cheaters and make it a better chance for noobs."
,Recommended,241560,24004198,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mr. Professor,"why i cant play this game? if i klik play game, it says ""The Crew game has stopped working"" . ""a problem caused the program to stop working correctly. Windows will close the program and notify you if a solution is available""my pc:i7-3820ram 8gbgtx 970 4GBwindows 7 ultimate 64 bit"
,Recommended,241560,24051774,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,d00bler,Best open world arcade racer out right now.
,Recommended,241560,24080939,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rings,"Very amazing game, beautiful  graphics, and amazing gameplay, There are tons of cars to choose from. There is also bikes, monster trucks, Drag cars, Drift, etc.20/10Would buy again"
,Recommended,241560,24087190,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Inferno,"Never played such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that is so fun. If you have friends that like cars and driving around then you are in for fun. Roadtripping is amazing and will provide a joyful experience; and there sure as hell is enough map space. I've now owned this on PS4 (Lvl 50) and PC (Lvl 10) and still enjoy just driving around. This game is enhanced if you have a wheel but there is a steep learning curve in setting one up. Car customization is fun but is no Forza. I will reccomend this game simply because I find it joyous to just drive around.  Oh and btw Highway child makes a  s h i t ton of money and I suggest playing it, but you will ♥♥♥♥ing hate it quickly, god that race makes me want to end it all.Pro's:HUGE mapfun with friendsThe SummitDriftingRacetracksRace carsCustomizationRandom eventsThe carsCons:Random eventsThe cars (How long does it take to add a damn R35?!?!?)Barricade Rocketship (You'll know what im talking about)Numerous glitches (AC Unity bad in some parts)Sometimes the map will just disappearHighway child ♥♥♥♥♥YOU MERCEDES I HIT ONE BARRIER AND NOW THE DEFACIT IS 4 MILES)EXPENSIVE♥♥♥♥♥CARS AND NOOO WAY TO GET MONEY.♥♥♥♥ this i'm just going to buy the Koenigsegg. (273 Fullstock).10/10 Fiat Abarth Monster Truck"
76561198137276825,Recommended,241560,24188308,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dewil,"please help me, I can't uppgrade my car to monster truck"
76561198095693718,Recommended,241560,17345210,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,AzzMuncher420,60 DOLLARS FOR A BUG......but its actually pretty cool discounted
76561198162748820,Recommended,241560,17443943,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,[SBT] Black1998Reaper,really really good game little bit hard on the lost few missions but really nice to play!
,Recommended,241560,17578663,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Teresa Teng,I would recommend this game if you enjoy casual racing games. This game is so dumbed down regarding driving physics and everything that its actually pretty hard to crash into things. The little side quests you do on the way to different towns are pretty neat yet they seem like a rushed time spender.Overall: This game is good. Not THAT good though. I'd give this to like a 12 year old to play.
76561198087318150,Recommended,241560,17637981,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,CSGOROLL.COM CSGONECRO.COM,"Okay lets just say i love this game! I'm going to list some pros and cons about it. PLEASE TAKE A MINUTE TO READ!!PROS:Lots and lots of cars to choose from and this ive never seen in a racing game it has different specs for cars which is pretty cool and you can customize your car and make it look sick!Different types of races to choose from which makes it fun also!Online is really fun to play lots of different game modes to choos from like a normal race, eliminaton, hold the crown and more!CONS:You have to make a U-play account which takes time but idc.When you play on servers sometimes the players are really laggy like they teleport all over the place.TRAFFIC EVERYWHEREDONE!!thankyou for taking your time to read this!"
76561198079713540,Recommended,241560,17684227,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,NinjaBunnyOx,"I don't care what the reviews say, drive 280kmh doing challenges, losing police or just enjoying the freeway! The story line is quite good, kept me hooked as far as i can say and i've completed the story and still driving around like i own everything :DThe faction missions are an awesome way to kill time, they can vary from 10 mins onwards (longest i've played is 2 hours on a faction mission THAT WAS ONE MISSION!!!!), great way to kill time and have fun.I only have ONE! or maybe two criticism that i can remember.This is an all multiplayer game so it requires an internet connection to play (and a good one at that because it can disconnect at ANY time)Not many players due to connection issues, i've read forums and stuff and they just need a dedicated server BUT DON'T LET THIS STOP YOU FROM BUYING IT BECAUSE IT IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!"
,Recommended,241560,17869439,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,SystemAnonymous,"8/10I did find the crew fun to play.But did not like the feature of racing and having to hit every point, as i like to cut corners short to overtake.And for me got boring whilst playing alone!Car customization is great.Still recommended!"
76561198094731742,Recommended,241560,17920017,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Someday Came Suddenly,"Great game, reminds me of burnout."
,Recommended,241560,17951500,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Ozzi,A fairly decent game to replace Project Torque/Heat online if you previously played those racing mmo's.
,Recommended,241560,18003493,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Andrei71448,This game is just awesome! Big updates coming so be ready for the Wild Run pack! Can't wait to test it! No.1 game for me.
76561198061114945,Recommended,241560,18583563,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Rick_Truffa,"Very nice game, bealtiful graphs and a ton of customization, the co-op is awesome, but since I don't like PVP much I'm not able to give it a note.I recommend it, for the imersion it gives, the possibilities and the full US map, it's as great as it can be ^^"
,Recommended,241560,18671792,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,carlovincentyap,"This game is awesome, lots of cool car i like to use to explore on the open world."
,Recommended,241560,18745111,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Futten !,"the game burns my pc, if i play the crew as the first thing i do when i start my pc i can maybe play for 15-25 min. Plz help i dont know what to do. The game worked fine for around 2 months ago.but it is an insanly good game i got 236 hours of gameplay ;)"
76561198052904061,Recommended,241560,18838477,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,huihimson,realistic game and the map is so big therefore you have a lot of do
,Recommended,241560,19334035,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lenin,"I really enjoy this game. Is it perfect? no. The game was somewhat of an impulse buy, I had been eying it off for the past year not sure weather to buy it and i thought hey why not i mean ive had intrest in it for at least a year it is now on sale so why not! The game i would say is inbetween forza horizon (I was really trying to find a game similar to this for the pc and with some tweaking of handling in the settings you can get it to an excellent standard 100times better than the default handling) and need for speed. The game in the time I have played while the story is quite meh the joy of driving around the USA with friends is really something brings back those fuel vibes. if the game is onsale and you want something not too serious in the racing genre but more grounded in reality than need for speed I'd reccomend this and the wild run but if they are on sale make sure to check the pirce of the complete edition and dont forget to redeem the game on uplay otherwise it will be treated as trial. oh and yeah if you have read this far I do reccomend the game aslong as you have a few friends to play with. 7.5/10"
76561198258305017,Recommended,241560,19430089,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,imadeyoureadthis1,When i downloaded it.  It looked like i had downloaded it. but ir turns out i bought the crew wild run trial version that i could of gotten for free so either i got scammed which i doubt because most of my friends got this game on there computer from steam so if i can get some help that would be nice....
76561198056746736,Recommended,241560,19432350,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SkyGG,very good game
76561198158887414,Recommended,241560,19546191,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SetZusa,"the game itsels has been improved and way better in terms of graphics physic and handling....i have ONE major problem tho.the crew need MORE LEVEL....cus IMO the level goes really fast from 1-50..soplease increase level cap:),other than that...lovi'n this game:)"
,Recommended,241560,19841584,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Unkn0wN,"Great racing game with a huge world, had a 90 minute race once HAHAHALot of content with different cars and DLC, PVP!"
76561198160920776,Recommended,241560,19992957,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,KOPI SUSU,nc game
,Recommended,241560,20200549,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,렉스로 r e x r o,This game took over my life until the day I beat it. I put in like 30+ hours in about 3 days. Would recommend.
76561198142522726,Recommended,241560,21177595,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Misimu_,when ever i load this game for some odd reason it says its the trial version why does it say this :( its still a good game but why
76561198017453575,Recommended,241560,21207805,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,CJ Gaming,Not played very long of this but yeah I like it so far very big map they have done well with the game not done much raceing on it just been free drivein on the map so I don't understand the bad comments about this as you can now see that I have played a lot of this game and yes it's bloddy brillant I'm level 50 and at last I stopped messing around and did the story very intresting I must say now I'm helping new players out apart from drag raceing and monster trucking I have 7 cars all full to 1299 so now do you ask me if I like this game well yes I love it as you can see by my playing time yes I need to leave off this game and get my life back the 1 i had with my wife and my son before this game took it away my dragster dose not fit past the door but my wife and son did lol no sersously i'm still playing lots of it i don't understand all the bad comments
,Recommended,241560,21218227,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Charles/ hellcase.com,nice
,Recommended,241560,21276585,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Santa Claus,awesome!!!
76561198281161566,Recommended,241560,21330944,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Firestorm01,The game for me is good because of the open world aspect of the whole United states.
,Recommended,241560,21532002,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Chaos6505*Qc,"1st i really love that game but...There so much lack in the game that every time a say, damn i like this game i say damn that game miss so much opportunity.If you like to drive a car for hours in a Huge map, the crew is for you!Hope they will continu to upgrade it like they done with wild runs"
,Recommended,241560,21617996,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,« F o X .,Gets pretty good once you get used to the wonky controls.10/10
76561198126854072,Recommended,241560,21664470,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Hembe,"i newer seen any freeworld car game like this before, GTA V ""go don to your mother and cry"""
76561198027672568,Recommended,241560,21908041,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Mouse,"The Crew has made me question whether anything new can be added to the racing genre. Games like Gran Turismo and Burnout seem to have cornered the market in terms of innovation merely because they got there first and racing games are typically as bare bones as games go. The Crew attempts to add new features but falls short and instead you get another brown, typical racing game. Does this make it bad? No. Is it good? No. The Crew is simply here and yet theres something about driving across country in cars you can only dream of owning that adds a sense of awe and scale to an otherwise generic game.Essentially The Crew is the first racing MMO. The idea is superb, you and everyone playing are there, competing, racing, doing challenges and exploring the entire US mainland in real time but unfortunatly falls and fails nearly everywhere. PVP has no matchmaking and is simply you VS anyone who joins that particular lobby. So someone driving a level 1200 Aston Martin can compete against someone driving a level 300 Mini Cooper and you wont know who is driving what until the event is locked in and about to begin when everyone picks their car.Lastly is the ""expansion"" and I use this term loosly, called Wild Run. This adds several new Specs that largely cant be used outside of the ""summit"" which is the largely competitive monthly meet that you must qualify for weeks before hand by partaking in stunts or freedrive challenges. Now, I have no Idea what freechallenges are, no body ever accepts my challenge invites and I never get invited, so I simply have no idea what it even is.All in all, The Crew, like most recent Ubisoft games, comes across with vast ammounts of potential but never lives up to any of it. Its here, doing what it does. It looks pretty at least."
76561198000663998,Recommended,241560,22091754,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Silver,"While i recommend this game, I can only do that if you have a friend to play it with, personaly i think it has alot of the same kinds of challenges to get slightly better ""gear"" for your car, and the car variety is actually really low in my opinion"
,Recommended,241560,22093291,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,SimTabouretski,"Yeah, sometimes it lags. But the overall game is fun!"
76561198215680953,Recommended,241560,22166336,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,edwardsethan89,its one of my favourat car games
,Recommended,241560,22204165,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,🐶Mihai🐶,Nice GAME!
76561198044595644,Recommended,241560,22245540,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DaBBerNasTY,"The game is great! Don't believe the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about not being able to make money in the game. If you play the game you'll make plenty of cash. And if you like open world racing, then look no further :)"
76561198200914807,Recommended,241560,22418561,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Wolcenfrea,"don't listen to these losers, the game is awesome"
,Recommended,241560,22469149,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,¢50,"The sense of speed is spot on in this game. And that, for me, is a huge factor in how well I enjoy a racing game. If I'm going 100mph I want it too look and feel like I'm going that fast. The graphics, while impressive at times, do suffer from a slightly low-fi look at times. I imagine this is because of the sheer size of the world. Your car will always be in the spotlight and will always look the best, however. So don't worry about that. I can forgive slightly muddy textures in the environment as long as my car and all of my customization looks good."
76561198298587133,Recommended,241560,22547486,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,MiRaGe,i got windows 10.will it work ?
76561198090594140,Recommended,241560,22738236,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Asuna,Why are the reviews for this game like this?this is the best racing game i have ever played......If you ask me its worth getting(i looked around at why they might be so bad and they are all about the gold season pass... so jsut dont get the season pass and you should have a ball)
,Recommended,241560,22777293,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Garcia,"The Crew is one amazing racing game. The size of this map is mind blowing and can take you over an hour real time to get from the top of the east coast to the bottom of the west coast pending what type of car you drive. With fun races and endless stuff to do if the game like :skill races,hidden cars,land marks and so much more you will easily lose track of time.8/10"
76561198259299861,Recommended,241560,23597891,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,AS|=KhaLel,its good game
,Recommended,241560,13673933,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fetus Breath,"Fantastic game, I'd recommend it to anyone that is even slightly into racing games, all the way up to huge fans, it's very enjoyable. I'm sure the dlc coming out later this year will make it slightly more awesome, but the co-op playing is quite enjoyable. Some missions are very difficult though, and it's much much easier with someone to help that's more experienced. The music is lacking, too much Mozart. Also, the only stable Ubisoft release this year."
76561198017800218,Recommended,241560,17229612,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Itching_Where,Very good game still has a fue bugs but there still fun and the jumps are so good you can get gold on them with out trying to hard
76561198093939120,Recommended,241560,17237230,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,xD,gr8 m8
,Recommended,241560,17600415,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,MartiniMini,"I've played 11 hours so far using a G27 wheel. I must say it's very fun to cruise and go for a challenge from time to time.The fact that you can join a faction is cool as well. This gives you the chance to take on bigger missions (they vary from a few minutes to over an hour)I do think the grinding for better parts can be a bit one sided though.But nevertheless, it's great fun."
76561198095914438,Recommended,241560,17621924,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,☭Kaniti☭,"One of my favorite racing games, has a big map and the devs are always listening to comments and always are working in the game making it even better I love the classes they have: street, dirt, Perf ( my second favorite class) Raid ( my favorite class) and like a nasscar type. So much fun if recommend this to any racing fans. PINKIE PIE APROVES"
,Recommended,241560,17860487,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Di?,"So, I have bought The crew and I really enjoy it.. But today when i started the game it says Your Trial of the crew has ended and that I need to buy the whole game.. So I searched through forums on how to fix it and I saw a guy say: activate ur game on uplay, which I did and that was it.. So i think i will just refund It and buy it again.."
76561198150827196,Recommended,241560,18033046,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Ernis (Cunt) 👉👌,Relaxing game.
76561198053862691,Recommended,241560,18068082,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,dale avila,fun game jest wisih it would snow or rain
,Recommended,241560,18096354,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,|Jason S.|,Geiles Game!!!!
76561198118584538,Recommended,241560,18158635,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Rodney Trotter,"i like it , ist not necessary to buy CC to have all the best , just some time of fine gaming i all that you need im very happy with this game , and hope for a lot of updates during future !"
,Recommended,241560,18479868,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Sgt_Cracker,"Fun game,just needs more players online for the multiplayer and graphics for inside of car dash are too tight or small and bad backlighting for the gauges.Can barely see or read the gauges in some cars.The crash physics are a little off but seems ok.At the lower sale price I paid,the game is worth the money."
,Recommended,241560,18480381,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,killmenow.jpg,"It's like every game in the Need for Speed Series. If you are in a race, you keep up perfectly, but can't catch anyone until you use nitrous. Yet you are the only one with Nitrous... :D"
,Recommended,241560,18500142,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,OG Fox,This game is Dope. Ride around the US of A and beat all them 510 fools.
76561198079585359,Recommended,241560,18672662,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Stacked Hats,"Probrbly my favourite game on steam :)Amazing storry, and hillarious bugs/glitches.Absoulutly worth the mony :)i rate it 8/8"
76561198101535397,Recommended,241560,19355636,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,神を殺します,"cannot start the game,help"
76561198125635609,Recommended,241560,19390634,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,martinjmnk5,VERY GOOD
76561198024260243,Recommended,241560,19438019,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Siraxious,High paced car cutomizing game with a large area to explore. Seems that the game has more work needed due to what i feel limited car modifying options and sometimes very high part and car buying prices. Other then that it has kiced off to a good start.
76561198120504163,Recommended,241560,19529524,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,PvCrafting|TR|,süper
76561198081448009,Recommended,241560,19576947,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DISNEY CHANNEL FLOW,Need For Speed: The Movie: The Gameor'How to ruin a game using 500km/h speedhacks'But it's still good
,Recommended,241560,20251543,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fantasy,"Great Game but I wouldn't pay full price, 100% pick it up if you catch it on sale. Graphics are amazing, the story is interesting but I f**king hate racing on the street because of the traffic they constantly get in the way and make it difficult as well as the AI racers can take the turns at max speeds while you are stuck braking to slow downa ad barely making them, but the Dirt Racing on the other hand is awesome and the FreeDrive is really fun to play with. I don't know what's up with people complaining about the game crashing or internet problems because of UPlay because I only had problems once at 3 a.m. while streaming and watching videos and my family was watching videos as well."
76561198100053301,Recommended,241560,20742978,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,dev,The crew hates the dodge challenger
,Recommended,241560,21438948,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Caladude,"Why do I reccomend this game? It's not the cars, the driving, or story. It's the atmophere. The whole game is breathing, it's full of activity, people, cars, and even planes and helicopters. People can be seen jogging in hot climates, people in the snow wear jackets, some even have conversations. Cities are full of cars, with not so bad AI too! Planes are the biggest part in my opinion. If you see a farm a cropduster will occasionally fly over. Helicopters buzz about like ants, some tiny and some small. Planes can land and take off from airports. (Which you can actually go to and use) They all have their own sounds and lights. If you like taking in the scenery, I would reccomend this game."
76561198135124430,Recommended,241560,21512136,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,cHHoTu,i love this gaym
,Recommended,241560,21533434,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Septre,"Ever since Hot Wheels for the Nintendo DS was a thing, I've been playing racing games. But I always wanted more than the invisible wall boundaries and randomly placed cement walls that told me I couldn't go here or there. And then there was Need for Speed Carbon and so on, and I was a happy boy. But, 2 years ago, I saw a trailer for this upcoming game, The Crew. I was blown away! Finally, a game were you could get to explore America in your car, not some stock here-we'll-only-give-you-colors-as-customization-options cars *cough cough* Need for Speed Rivals. But instead, a car that you'd most likely never see anyone else driving. Out of my entire garage, I have never seen someone with the exact same wheels, bumpers, exhaust, interior, vinyls, and so on. And the graphics, long story short, I have never had a harder♥♥♥♥♥♥ But hey, if you're not hard while driving, you probably like men. Of course, running this game in ultra while still getting 60 FPS in dowtown New York comes at a price, which is needing to have a monster of a PC. Your mom's laptop from the office won't run this without burning itslef alive. Overall a great game, and my favorite racing game yet."
,Recommended,241560,22098855,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Sgt.Peaches-Longshots,really fun get the next game out check it out
,Recommended,241560,22114340,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Sir Jonthen,"If I could give this game a totally mixed review, I would. I have therefore decided to recommend this game, but only when it's on sale half price, like when I got it.In my experience, the story is forgettable, the missions can get repetitive (and often very difficult) and the 'RPG elements' including car upgrades are severely lacking. I would have loved to see actual individual upgrade purchases, like in the forza games, rather than meaningless stats. I completed the story missions in around 20 hours, playing entirely single player (the game includes worryingly few other players btw), which is feel is a more than acceptable gameplay time.The thing that redeems the game though (mostly) is the map and the cars... Firstly, i'll talk about the map. Ignore all of the criticism of it being too small, or not very detailed, its amazing. There are enough areas to carry on exploring after the story is completed and driving around is very fun on its own! If free roaming is your thing, then you will love this. The cars, as i've mentioned before, have limited customization when it comes to performance, which is a shame. HOWEVER, you can customize the looks of your cars, from decals, to alloys, to bumpers as much as you want. Also, you can customize a car for each spec you have it tuned to, so effectivley having multiple versions of each car! You can build your favourite cars and then use the in-game photography mode (which is very in-depth) to take pictures wherever you want, with filters, lighting, weather effects etc. This part of the game, however small, can eat up hours if you like getting the perfect screenshot!Overall, this game is somewhat disappointing, when you consider the marketing and what it claims to be.. a driving MMO! If you want a simulation game, or something with hardcore racing, it's definatley not for you. If however, you are a fan of more 'arcadey' racing games, or just want something different to play, I would give it a try. I wouldn't however say it's worth the full price, especially when its plagued with DLC and microtransactions!"
76561198076430022,Recommended,241560,22478742,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,King Pringle,Best Game Ever you people saying its no good your all idiots have nice day!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,241560,22649570,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Vladmir Putin for Pres,Story was a bit short but otherwise it was a good game.
76561198088187524,Recommended,241560,24045045,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,🔥Autumn  Jynxz,"Nepal with friend, then spend a lot of money just to be faster than him and crash into him."
76561198213782841,Recommended,241560,25623413,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Batky,it isnt working for me like its starts but like that black screen and then says the has stopped working.does anybody know why or how to fix it
76561198388671845,Recommended,241560,35381957,Posted: 1 October,all,100mïłł,fery god grapiks an gempley but game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ an to drak so cant zee but goog game yes?
76561198092964616,Recommended,241560,14206015,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,monkaS,Not sure why most people didnt liked the game ! its an friggin great game !!! atleast a hell lot of better than NFS these days.bought the game and i kept playing for 12 hours straight ! i think i have said enough -_-
76561198067699158,Recommended,241560,14232305,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,fishcop076,"I know the physics aren't the best and the storyline I have yet to really get into as I am now lost driving around the US exploring all it has to offer.  that said, my son and I are having a lot of fun with this title.  And I am no stranger to driving games having cut my teeth on the Dirt series, every NFS and a bunch of the early Ratbag titles.  This is still gloriously fun.  Too bad some people don't feel the same way.  Got it at $20.00 off on a Steam sale and feel like I got the bargain.  Though  if you can wait until the price goes down just a little you should be pleased with all you get as well."
,Recommended,241560,13230205,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dapil,<3
76561198030906724,Not Recommended,241560,21193616,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Audi,"Slow control response, AI isn't fun -just speed past, and everything costs extra. One of the worst driving games I've ever messed with. Wish there was a refund, but at least I didn't pay full price. AVOID!"
,Not Recommended,241560,22093193,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,DJ_Geoff,"The game is ok to play overall but there are some downsides to it.For example:>The events are the same thing over and over again.>Lacks in the amount of manufacturers.>There are a few bugs like when you're going at high speed, the sceney doesn't load and i fall out of the map.>You cannot upgrade your car with money and instead you have to go to competitions in order to upgrade your car to >meet the requirement of the mission.> Raid spec cars suck!, They have the worst handling and speed. They aren't as useful as dirt spec cars. (except for going uphill sometimes).However:>I like that you do these quick competitions and you can get upgrades instantly for free.>You have the whole of USA to play with.> There is customisation.>You can teleport to places.>Lots fun things to do wiht your friends."
,Recommended,241560,17132887,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,champagnekozi,"Awesome game.  Thats all I have to say.I was debating buying it recently, however when it went on sale for 50% off, I decided to purchase gold edition because of the bonus items/features it came with.  As soon as I opened the game, I knew I would enjoy it because of its beautiful graphics and sweet soundtrack.  The story line also makes it even more enjoyable, and the fact that you can play it online with others if you want.  The map is massive, which also adds to the enjoyment of even just driving around with no reason.Yes, there are a few flaws to the game, however they have not negatively affected my personal experience playing it.I can guarantee the dedication of many, many more hours to the game.9/10"
,Recommended,241560,16612171,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Baby_Man,this game is the funest thing ever
,Not Recommended,241560,24100364,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Truebulldog,"Okay so I bought this game on July 3rd one of the last days of steam summer sale 2016 and I like it, in my opinion I find it to be a very fun driving game to just cruise around in different vehicles and such. At the time of writing this review I have 14 hours invested in this game and have still not drove on the entire map. However as much as I like this game I can not reccomend it fully so I'm not going to recomend it at all. Let me explain that a little I bought the complete edition for this game for 29.99 which is the price of the regular game but to me that's still a pretty steap price considering how I buy mostly indy games or really cheap games that run about 15 dollars or lower my point in stating all of this is that I paid money for the ""complete edition"" for a game and the game has microtransactions while you can get all the vehicles or at least to my knowledge by normal means of just playing and earning money it still has microtransactions which in my opinion is absolutely absurd for a triple A title game from ubisoft especially for the complete edition of the game which in my opinion should be by defintion complete I don't expect everything to just be unlocked by any means I love playing the game and unlocking stuff progresively but having a option to pay real money in your game for things that aren't even dlc is just silly.One other complaint that I have with this game is the frame rate being locked at 30 this may be something that can be changed in the setting I really haven't looked or it could be my pc can only run it at 30 fps I'm not sure but if this is locked that is a huge mistake by ubisoft to lock the frame rate on a game as beautiful as this one I enjoy pushing my pc to see how good I can make the game look and at 30 fps I just don't feel like that cuts it to me those are console limitations that shoudn't be on pc to begin with.Anyway to state how I feel about this game is it's a fun driving/racing game if you like that kind of stuff and want a huge map to just drive around in however due to the poinless microtransactions and locked frame rate that ubisoft has on this game I just recommend it fully. If stuff like that doesn't bother you and you just want a really fun driving game this game is perfect for you just don't give in to the greedy microtransactions that ubisoft tries to impose for a game that you most likely just paid for price for or if you are lucky got on sale."
,Not Recommended,241560,19168004,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,RollerX595,"I don't attmpt to write reviews often but...This game..... just dissapoinment after dissapointment. I really want to like it...but then I'm just lying to myself. This is ""As good as it gets for now"". That sums up the expiereince for me. The big open world which is.....big yet lacking horribly. I motsly play this to drive around and drift on the snowy mountain runs. Pvp is laggy for me (I have decent net but who can actually trust Comcast).The ""1,2,3"" Cutscene before EVERY freaking race drives me nuts. I just want to time my start porperly and race. No need for a showy burnout. Rubberband AI is just....flippping awful. I am pulling a giant lead and brake one corner slightly off and suddenly last place......werrent you guys like 20 seconds behind me? My braking only lost me 0.5 seconds. wtf.Police chases....wow....Im doing like nearly 200mph and you can still just speed up and ram me.... this is hax. I understand making AI smarter to give me a challenge....not making AI smart enough to just give themselves speed hax though.Wild Run: I only re installed this game when I saw the new DLC and a ""drift spec"". In my head I was happy that they finally added some drift events. In my heart... I knew it was to good to be true. Drift spec is wonky as all hell. I normally use performance spec in snowy mountain runs. You can perform huge drifts and with proper control link all your lines. Street, dirt, circuit, performance, I drift them all and have fun.... Drift spec however, wow, slightly nudge thumbstick and now you're doing a 360. Drifting in any racing game with slightly realistic arcade physics is innate for me. This game however... VASTLY elludes me for the ""drift spec"".For the scale of the game the graphics are pretty nice IMO. After the update even better.Sorry this ""review"" is all over the place.This is a ""kind of ok"" game. I had a bit of fun playingOverall it is a dissapointment however."
,Not Recommended,241560,15193833,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,MiskaK,"""Buy The CREW Gold"" of s*hit, Please do not do it because I do not even enjoyed to play it"
,Not Recommended,241560,21067800,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,syaaffiiq,"Why? Because....- No Steam Achievements (Only in UPlay)- Requires stable internet connection to be able to access the game- DLC is too expensiveHowever i still love playing this game. But if you are looking for a massively multiplayer racing game, this is the best, yet."
,Not Recommended,241560,14193568,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,VAC!!!!,really not worth the money DON'T BUY IT! i just playd 41 min and i got bored.
,Recommended,241560,14382289,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,XPShutDown,best game ever??????
,Recommended,241560,14262335,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MrLemusPro,im liking this game so far.
,Recommended,241560,13208667,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,SuPrEmE,Immediately drove to Las Vegas.
,Recommended,241560,13225444,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Stagefright 4.2.0,Good game. Nuff said!
,Recommended,241560,13217981,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Alkabek,"Fun open-world racing game with a lot of potential 9/10, the only problem i have when playing with other players is starting  about 20 seconds behind other players and my car being slower than all other player cars (my level 61 Charger was passed by a level 21 Charger at about the 4th checkpoint and then won and beat me by 30 seconds in a 10 checkpoint race?!? P.S. i didn't hit anything harder than a slight bump that threw me off course for half a second) single-player works very well though"
76561198026396317,Recommended,241560,13205469,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Purin,Everything that I wanted from this game so far.
76561197972717606,Recommended,241560,13207904,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Teddy Duchamp,"Great for players who like to repeat the same mission over and over again, because UBISOFT can't get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. The dude who said this launch would go smoothly should be punched in the elbow. 1 out of 5 because this♥♥♥♥♥♥does not work. Will check back in 3 months when they release a functional game."
,Recommended,241560,13214267,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Rockerbacon,"Game is really fun. If you like arcade racing games it is a must have.Pros:-The way the car drives is pretty customizable and even though you can't make huge changes like making it a sim, you can definitely make it drive to your taste (as long as you enjoy arcade driving).-Game creates the perfect challange. You can win most races with relative ease, but getting that gold medal definitely requires some skill.-People have been bashing the graphics, but for an online-focused open world racing game the graphics are really impressive.-Online experience seems pretty stable. One problem I always have with online racing games is how crazy things go when playing online, cars popping out of nowhere, suddenly stoping or accelarating, etc. So far I have experienced no major problems while playing coop events.-Variety of car classes and events for those classes. There are car classes build for different terrains and conditions and events for those different classes.-Don't like playing with other people? You can go completely solo. Even though the game is online-focused you can ignore everyone around you and play it like if it was a singleplayer game.-Even though it's an arcade game you can feel the differences in handling of each vehicle with ease, making car choices come to preference.-That huge map! Travelling from one city to another is already a lot of fun and there are kind of mini-games in every road that include jumping, slaloms, driving fast and on the road, etc. All to keep you busy on your travels while also rewarding you.-The performance is flawless. Some people may be worried about performance since it's a Ubisoft game, but I have a pretty old computer and can still run the game flawlessly with mixed high/ultra settings.Neutral:-There are not many visual customization options as I though there would be, but customizing your car is still pretty fun, even though I feel it could be better.-Soundtrack doesn't fit the game well. The songs don't give you that adrenaline that make you want to drive fast and recklessly. But I believe no one cares for game soundtracks anymore, since most people just mute the game music and use an external music player.-The story feels kinda dull. The story is amazing the first minutes of gameplay, but once you hit the road it doesn't feel like a big deal anymore, but all online-focused games are like this. I haven't completed the game yet, so take this one with a grain of salt.-Cops are lazy. You have to do some real♥♥♥♥♥♥for them to go after you, just driving a clearly illegaly modified car 100Km/h above speed limit won't do it. Some people will love it, some others will hate it. Sometimes they also appear during races and don't do anything. In events where they're the main deal it's a different story, of course.Cons:-The car sounds are pretty bad, they just don't sound reallistic. Sometimes I feel like hearing an engine that came from a 2005 game.-You win performance parts in every event, which completely makes the performance shop useless allowing you to make a lot of money very easily since you have to spend very little of it to progress through the game. Remember that I haven't completed the game yet, it may change at some point.-You can't play the game offline, as far as I know. People who don't have access to a decent connection all the time must be very careful when buying this game.Some people have been saying this game is horrible, it is not. I haven't experienced bugs, lags, freezes, ctds or anything like that. The game is just great, even though it's not amazing. It's a great game that will give you a lot of fun specially if you play with your friends, but there's nothing really groundbraking about it.Also, don't pay attention to those people saying that the game's handling and physics are horrible. It's an arcade game and it was designed to be so, so don't expect reallistic collisions, steering, car damage or anything like that. It has very good mechanics for an arcade game. It's not just an ""accelerate and steer game"" and you can still make mistakes in it, considering that you're playing on hardcore mode.I give this game a solid 7.8/10If you have any doubts if you should or should not buy the game, feel free to ask me any questions ; )"
76561198119457992,Recommended,241560,13218788,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,XEvan33X,"I have played about 10hrs of this game and i think the crew is great. Its like they took the other racing games like need for speed, testdrive unlimited 2 and grid and put them into one. Also, the open world is fantastic, massive and is fun to drive around with others. Another thing i really liked was that it was easy to find people and make a crew. Its not like other games where every think if full or chose for you, you get to choose in the crew.Pros:-Cars (and customization)-Graphics-Map-Cops-Miltiplayer (everything from racing to making your crew)-Story line (so far)Cons:-Car handling isnt as easy as other racing games and dosnt feel as controlable-Graphics are good but i think they could be better- Map is huge but only has bigger cities"
,Recommended,241560,13223121,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Beeno,"Well I will keep it short and sweet. This game is hands down a lot of fun. When I say fun I mean sit on my♥♥♥♥♥until it starts to sting and hurt because the cushions on my chair are so worn. NOW THATS FUN...Anyways, This game is a HUGE open world. Anyone complaining its not to scale or a exact copy of google maps or something can go shove it. The graphics are great and with the MMO structure there is endless room for improvement with later content patches.. even to the very items and cars of the game to gamemodes. and for a Ubisoft title on PC the launch did very well haha.I have no problem finding 2 or 3 players to do a few missions with. I have already made a few friends in game. The gameplay is simple yet extremely satisfying. You complete missions and get essentially ""loot"" from doing it and level up. There are also random missions along the roads and paths that give you parts and upgrades.Also there is tiers of levels and factions for end game. I mean this game is huuge and for 60 bucks its totally worth it to me. I mean its the most fun ive had on a game in a while.. I mean it had me out of my chair screaming over voice chat with 2 other guys after 4 trys on the same hard mission for the gold and then we did it and it rocked.... sorry for ramblingBUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW! it rocks.PS... add me up if you join up always looking to expand my roster of friends to play this game with :]"
76561197999066130,Recommended,241560,13204152,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,desisme,nice game som of the misions is insain but nice and i LOVE the big mapneed more cars
,Recommended,241560,13209757,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,mojito,"Prologue is an actual ♥♥♥♥♥, but once you get past the dumb introductions and terrible storyline, there's a huge world to drive cross-country. Crossed from New York to LA in a little under 40 minutes going about 220 km/h.I can only imagine this with a steering wheel and a consumer Oculus Rift.Do buy."
76561198014737187,Recommended,241560,13215400,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Jaynuck,A very good game the only complaints i have so far is the devs need to tweek the cops in the game. The cops bust you way too fast which handy caps the player who is trying to escape. In the need for speed series they did a perfect job with the cops and the devs need to learn something from them. The other thing is over steer which to me is the worst thing in game. Over all the game is amazing and a must have.
76561198070860901,Recommended,241560,13221595,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,FastRate,"This is a Great Game if you Like Need For Speed Underground 1,2, Most Wanted, etc.Pros:-Really Big Open world- Customizable Cars-Game is Really Gorgeous Looking-Amazing Story So Farbut with all games come bad thingsCons:-Its a Ubisoft Game-There is MicroTransactions?(Dunno if this is true)-Require you to Use the Uplay DRM-Some Minor Annoying BugsBut all in all i would recommend this game if you like Racing Games like Need for Speed"
76561198073520971,Recommended,241560,13226136,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Salty Dog,"Okay before i say anything else i need to say that i love the game, the driving is good and it looks really great but there is one big problem with this game.And that is that the servers are just straight up garbage i have been disconnected for about 20 times now in 11 hours of playing and it really starts to get annoying now.I still recommend that you buy the game but be prepared for the bad servers.I still hope the servers are going to improve over the next few week because it was only released this week"
,Recommended,241560,13207906,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MR.GRENADE,Ermmm my map reset itself and im turning slightly to the left with the controller buttons. i bought a brand new controller and its still doing the same...smh...other then those little things the game looks really good. just needs to be patched up a bit i reckon. if anyone playing the game and reading this is having similar problems plz dont hesitate to msg me so we can figure this out x0x0
,Recommended,241560,13218584,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Velvet Thunder,"So far so good. but, no manual gearbox... If I change to manual gearbox in free roam it works fine, once I start a mission it won't gear up or down on my controller. tried 3 different controllers now.. Also, where the hell are all the online players? I was expecting a mass amount of players driving around etc.. so far it looks like just another driving game with someone directing you and giving you missions via all this fancy technology."
76561198154078588,Recommended,241560,13224600,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,YA BOY STARLIN,Once you start playing it is very hard to log off....lol
,Recommended,241560,13218576,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,spadam24,Quite fun
76561198105040992,Not Recommended,241560,17540028,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,ILoVeREdBra,always drive alone !!!!!
,Not Recommended,241560,28990140,Posted: 3 January,all,Skippy The Bush Kangaroo,"The Crew in a nutshell1. The Glitchiest Piece Of S@#$ i've ever played.(Seems to be a trend with ubisoft and there glitches)2.Passive A.I vehicles randomly decide to pull out in front of you, In turn making you wreck therefore losing the race.3.Buys Season pass, Still has to pay for the dlc separately4.A.I racers glitch you into walls5. IT'S TRASH DON'T BUY IT"
,Not Recommended,241560,23979736,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Speedyy,"This game.. sucks ! I am so disappointed. The NFS series are waaay more better than this one.The visuals are ok, but the sound, yuck.A game combination of Test Drive Unlimited 2 and NFS, wich is a big fail."
,Not Recommended,241560,28444351,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ManBehindTheWires,"Refund pending.Great game, but uPlay is still the garbage barrier to gaming that it always has been. It's bad enough that uPlay makes you go out of Steam to authenticate your purchases, worse still when uPlay doesn't unlock the DLC you've paid for.The Ultimate Edition will not give you the Calling All Units DLC if you purchase it in Steam. I imagine getting the whole thing through uPlay is a safer way to buy this (which is probably what Ubisoft want you to do and the reason why the experience through Steam is so poor).Base game (trial) is great, shame I paid £40 for it and got nothing else."
,Not Recommended,241560,21722922,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,batuzzy,Luckily I get this on sale considering that rant over the newest DLC that costs half of the Gold Edition and isn't included in the Season Pass
,Not Recommended,241560,21803134,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Kat,"Let start off on a very clear thing, I like the crew. I have loved it ever since I heard of it, when it came avalible for pre order, I bought it, then went out and bought parts to make sure my computer could handle it. I still like it, getting into a car and just driving across the huge landscape is just extreamly relaxing and thrilling at times.With that being said, I highly recommend you -DO NOT- buy this game. Ubisoft has been for some time trying to be worse than EA in jackassery, and they have somehow suceeded very well. As pointed out by the other reviews, season pass effects nothing with Wild Run, a forced update and major expanshion that the game now prettymuch relies on and costs as much as the normal game, dispite only giving you limited content. [Four new class types and new event zones mainly]If you are able to pick this game up dirt cheap, sure, go for it, the aimless driving is fun, but that is all that this game offers now, aimless driving. I hate Need for Speed, but you'd be highly better off buying one of them, and that hurts for me to admit that. I really believed in this game, and if it wasn't for ubisoft, I believe this TDU3 could of really shown."
76561198019645797,Not Recommended,241560,14053723,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,timkushnick,"DO NOT BUY IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR ANYTHING COSE TO A RACING SIM!!!! So much traffic that finishing missions is more a question of luck than skill! The physics are HORRIBLE!!! anything over 150 with a racing wheel attached and the car becomes unbelievably unstable, kind of reminiscent of a skateboard with speed-wobble. Very disappointed and wishing I could get my money back!"
,Recommended,241560,14071697,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,=DTT= Wolfgangamedeus,"The game is fun, don't get me wrong, but it has its drawbacks. The costumization is great, the cars are sweet, and the variety is great. I've never played a racing game that has a Ferrari 458, and a 2010 Chevy SIlverado. The map is awsome. Instead of being stuck in one city, you can cross the entire U.S. The cities aren't perfect, or even close for that matter, but if you play the game in the right mind set, where nothing is perfect, you'll have fun. I enjoy the game, it's not the best game, but its good. It's an arcade driving game, not a simulation racing like Forza or Assetto Corsa."
,Recommended,241560,14050671,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Recru1t,"This game really defines ""Open World"" arcade racing games but was executed poorly. The massive game world set in United State really is beautiful and scenic but the gameplay is mediocre at best. It's fun for a day or two when exploring the game world but the gameplay is bland after you had experienced enough. Nevertheless, I cannot recommend this game for those who are fans of racing games but if you want to experience something different from the normal racing games set in a small arena, Then this is for youTL;DRGame world is massive and beautifulGameplay is mediocreRecommended playing with friendsHype is dangerous"
76561198053511139,Recommended,241560,32843361,Posted: 26 June,all,Venity,"played it on a friend's pc and I finally have it, great game."
76561198142725828,Recommended,241560,28957431,Posted: 2 January,all,ttw14,11/10 Would RAGE Again
,Recommended,241560,33043087,Posted: 30 June,all,Abstractination,"Lots of open world racing with on road and off road areas. You can customize a variety of cars to different specs (dirt, drag, street) and race against others in online races.It's a pretty fun game, but content updates are rarely put out, and there are a lot of unfixed glitches likecars floating in the sky and objects glitching through the ground.What a beautiful sight while on a road trip!Overall, the game is cool with a map recreating the United States including major cities you can visit.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,241560,23989763,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dante,"Very simple, the wouldn't start at all. I have bought the complete wild run edition if that matters. The game always crashes when trying to run it and no solution I have found online worked, from deleting The Crew folder in the documents folder to running every .exe needed as admin and in compatibility mode.It's a shame that multimillion dollar companies get away with♥♥♥♥♥♥like this."
,Recommended,241560,13343000,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,ul_trOOn,Awsome
,Recommended,241560,17134708,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,willyb321,"A pretty good game from Ubisoft. Story is a generic brother revenge story. Driving handles pretty well with keyboard, although I would recommend a controller if you have one, just for the extra control when turning."
,Not Recommended,241560,14507907,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Jerry Andersmith,"2/5. Physics are stupid. Thinks you got in a wreck even if you're fine, has pockets of invisible elevated ground, if you're going fast, you flip. If you're not connected to the internet, you're not allowed to play. If you have a not so good connection to the internet, you're not allowed to play. If the server stops working, you're not allowed to play. If you're in the middle of something and it decides you're not connected anymore, you're not allowed to play.I didn't pay nearly $100 for this crap, I want my money back."
76561197997132063,Not Recommended,241560,17121046,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Nicho the sicko,"The Game is, well Very very average. when its on sale its worth a go but nothing special"
,Not Recommended,241560,22000135,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,prosetisen,Thanks ubisoft for ruining good game with f/////////g Wild Run update.I never again buy a game from Ubisoft.
76561198256268772,Recommended,241560,32828302,Posted: 26 June,all,Boss,"Right now The Crew is on sale. Get the ultimate edition, because right now it is under $20. Obviously, I shouldn't have gotten the Calling All Units DLC because it was $20 for almost nothing. For the DLC, there are like only 10 missions for cops, and a decent amount of offenses. The Wild Run is awesome. New summits all the time. That aside, the actual game is great. The graphics are decent without the DLC's, but with them they are good.Here are the final marks:The Crew without DLC: 7/10Wild Run DLC: 9.5/10Calling All Units DLC: 7.5/10The Crew with all DLC: 9/10Since there is a summer sale, get The Crew Ultimate Edition, because on sale it is definetly worth it."
76561198192080429,Not Recommended,241560,21020225,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Echo,bad game not playable after two days
,Recommended,241560,14487459,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SystemPeanut,"I'm not gonna write a long review, but I feel I owe the game a positive review after seeing all the negatives. The Crew is, quite honestly, what you make of it. It's fun with friends, the graphics are excellent if you're into that, and you can do random things that are just fun, like driving expensive cars off Pikes Peak in first-person."
76561197963740687,Not Recommended,241560,14315629,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Papi Donuts,"Probably the most ♥♥♥♥♥iest game i've ever played.+Graphics, game looks really nice ingame, etc.+Audio, all the game audio is great eventough every car has like the same sound..- A ♥♥♥♥ing child that is like 10 years old could make a better story and a '' setup '' or ♥♥♥♥ you call it, it's just the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again, either you ♥♥♥♥ing drive into boxes or some other♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is this even worse mission that appears all the time where you ram a ♥♥♥♥ing car and in the end it does a flip, it lands on it wheels and keeps driving and apparently that's the mission and it dosn't make sense at all and thoose appear in every country.- The physics in this game is also the most stupid thing i've ever seen.Don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198149620328,Not Recommended,241560,28170255,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Krillcanoe25,"Maybe im a little bit salty but after HOURS of troubleshooting to get the game finally working and it runs terribly? that pisses me off. I mean single digit FPS on the LOWEST SETTING and then it tells me i dont own any dlc after buying them and giving me a ""trial version"" and I am god damn salty."
76561198047956881,Not Recommended,241560,14485281,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,El_Retardo,Ubisoft missed thons of potential there.
76561198123012780,Not Recommended,241560,14467902,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MostlyConcerned,I just spent fifty euro on a♥♥♥♥♥♥game that barely works do not reccomend this
76561198152030553,Not Recommended,241560,21045908,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Nate Higgers,5/10 would play if desperate
76561198242769436,Not Recommended,241560,23983318,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,daynelaidley,i have bought the crew complete edition but when i went to play it i only had the demo so i wasted 53 dollers which is not very good. i have seen videos of this game being played and it is so good looking but on pc it is not what i expected which really dissapoints me because i had been saving a lot of money for this game and now its all wasted.
76561198167982220,Not Recommended,241560,14821363,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,natermarshan,This game is a lagg fest they need to fix it. Or just refund me my money! But I will recommend this game after it is fix.
76561197979326901,Not Recommended,241560,14767748,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,far out,it is not worth the 60 bucks this is a 20 dollar game at best... ubi soft yall screwed the pooch with this one
,Recommended,241560,14833722,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Kilo,"This is a very fun game.  While the storyline missions are forgettable, there are tons of side activities to accomplish and are very fun to play with friends.  The map of the U.S. is awesome.  You can go ANYWHERE on the map.  You can drive up the side of a mountain and overlook big cities such as LA and NYC.  The atmosphere of the game leaves you with a nice comfy feel.  Nothing beats driving across the U.S. in your favorite cars with your buddies.  All the cars are fun to drive and feature many details.  There are some bugs with AI traffic and some technical difficulties with Ubi's garbage network 'features'.  Overall would recommend.  8/10"
,Recommended,241560,33079224,Posted: 1 July,all,HASS2KASS,The Crew is a free roam arcade racer with a HUGE map (it's the entire USA to be exact). The physics are a bit weird in the beginning but when you have played the game for a while you'll get used to it.The story is meh but the freeroam is where this game shines. The average time to complete the story is about 20 hours of playing the game and the cars have alot of customization.The bad things are that the story can be very repetitive and the end game can be very grindy.
,Not Recommended,241560,21892620,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,majiskh,This game is absolute garbage.
76561198378839881,Recommended,241560,31077989,Posted: 11 April,all,gimdonghwi38,This is my favorite game!!!very funny!I want to give five starsincredible
76561198160435588,Not Recommended,241560,34528430,Posted: 27 August,all,Doge,"Pakliže bych si měl vybrat jestli podpořit Hru ""Need for Speed"" nebo ""The Crew"" určitě by to byla hra need for speed.Hra si jen snaží hrát na nějaký ten zavodní simulator,ale moc se ji to nedaří.Každou chvíli se objeví nový bugy kreří vám dojmy z hry  zcela zkazí a vám jen zbývá si užívat Bugy.Hra nese název Crew ale že by byla 100% jistota že se napojíte na kamarády není ani náhodou. Ceny aut,které jsou uvedené ve hře jsou zcela neadekvátní k tomu,co jste si schopni vydělat."
,Not Recommended,241560,28217963,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Rayxtr,"The game itself is fun and has a great idea behind it with a large open map to explore. But the many bugs and random errors, sometimes online connection problems (for days long) kinda destroy the fun and pleasure in the game.Each patch solves a few of those but also comes with new ones. It seems Ubisoft has a lot of problems with optimize games for the PC lately. And they still like to force Uplay on you which is useless when you already use Steam. My first and only game from Ubisoft I bought on PC..."
,Recommended,241560,21077802,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,DangerMuffu,awseome game
76561198102069532,Recommended,241560,22098032,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Blue,for the short time i played this game i actually liked it despite the comments i have seen (the negative ones) i think that the game is awesome so yeah i think if you havnt bought the game and your reading this comment buy it
,Recommended,241560,24157626,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,(AMI)SirMisAlot™,Not bad. Lots of open road to fly down at top speed :)
,Recommended,241560,24240618,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,slisk,and the award for longest credits goes to...
,Recommended,241560,25531636,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,G8 | ๖ۣۜPotato,Love it! but can you put very low graphics because it's so laggy for me. i can't play the game with my pc. when i start driving it's like slow-mo!
,Recommended,241560,19063556,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,jewishgamer88,meme game
,Recommended,241560,20013955,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ledbus,A very nice Racing game. Good story.BUT AT LEAST LET US GET MONEY EASIER. THIS ISN'T GTA ONLINE FOR CHRIST SAKE!0_o Anyhow. A nice selection of cars. [Better if you'd buy thier DLCs] A BIG open world.You know... Really?... I don't know...A nice game Ubisoft!
76561198297219173,Recommended,241560,22309041,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,gamer jijel 2,good game
76561198034824906,Recommended,241560,24366538,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,trancemobile,"Very fun and great game all around. Some of the settings are a bit tricky to get just right. The only issue with this game is the Uplay server, its on, its off, in the middle of game play and forever game loading times, at times. Graphics are great,music lists are a bit short, handling is good."
,Recommended,241560,24401568,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Comrademoco,Simply amazing.
,Recommended,241560,24450379,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,SimpleSimon,"Pro`s:Good funGreat variety of vehiclesMassive map with some great scenic areasPretty well optimisedPlenty to do thanks to a variety of races and challenges (love the monster truck challenges and offroad dirt races)Active online playersPlenty of vehicle customisation (Paintwork, body work, performance etc)Cons:The Ubi launcher (not a deal breaker, but seriously Ubisoft need to ditch it, it is garbage, also not necessary when running through steam)Can`t run people over (yes I get it, this is not GTA)Pay real money in game for some cars (seriously? This is a premium game!) Optional but dumbIn game currency rewards to low (again milked with ability to purchase currency with real money) Again optional but dumbConclusionI really do like this game and the number of hours I have on it is increasing frequently, I fail to understand how they can have the nerve to have microtransactions in a premium game. However they are optional, I choose not to purchase individual additional content or currency with my hard earned. But the game is good arcadey fun with plenty to do in a vast map, I would suggest you shop around though and get a deal on the price like I did."
76561198158000963,Recommended,241560,24562691,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,campaquette,"I bought the game and i cannot play anymore because i dont own the crew wild run edition,  i would like to know why this is happening."
,Recommended,241560,14654728,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ancientbrute,"This is a great game, and I recommend it. Many things to do, and places to go to.Pros:- Huge Map (The Whole United States, but a smaller version.)-  easy to control the car.- A lot of things to do- Great graphics- Customization for the carsCons:- Cops can arrest you easily. (I accidently hit a cop car, and it made me get stuck and I couldn't move and he arrested me)-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------When I play more of it, i'll rewite my Review. 10/10"
,Recommended,241560,18127148,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,|> TARIQ k. <|,The Crew Is a game that you might love or hateit's really fun when you 1st play it but it can get a bit boring later if you kept playing aloneI personally have over 500 hours on the ps4 version and 42 hours on the pc versionPros :+Huge Map+Decent story+Handling Feels a little bit realistic (you have to switch to hardcore mode through the settings to turn off assists)+wheel support+PvP Races Are really fun+It Has customizations+Good Car list+cockpit view+You can spend good Hours alone before getting bored+Super fun if you have friends to play with+Decent graphics (It'll look 100 times better + weather with the upcoming november update)+Huge Post-release support+nice easter eggs around the mapCons :-Can get boring Alone-You can only see up to 7 other players at once-PvP Races are unbalanced-You have to grind a bit to get a decent car-dull soundtrack-FFB Is too powerful off-road. the wheel will go crazy even if you set the ffb to 1-Cops feel off-ZERO Sense of speed-Uplay requiredI give this game 7.8/10 (no that's not an ign reference xD)
76561198045266346,Recommended,241560,18843791,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Harawanagangsta,"If the Need for Speed franchise is tyring to get back to their roots (and I have completed the newest game) they really need to look to these guys for inspiration as this game does a much better job of mixing a good motive to get you started as well as keeping to many of the gameplay elements that made older need for speed games legendary. Having domination and customization at its core. As well, This game is ambitious to say the least, mapping the entire U.S.A to a scale that offers a surprizing veriety of locations to visit and scout. After a year they looked to reinvigorate the game by releasing a sort of overhauling DLC, adding new mechanics, game modes, and vehicle types, Even updating the graphics with new textures and weather effects. the DLC costs $30 but the base game has been reduced putting the whole game with the new overhaul somewhere around 40 - $50, which is well worth the entry for a great example of how to handle an aging brand without pumping out another game within an unrealistic deadline. The mechanics and physics are not on par with the best of the old Need for Speed arcade type open world racer, they feel very loose and a bit unpredictable at times, but for the overall experience the handling gets a pass by me. the open world and storyline feel overarcing and important, something we sorely lack in AAA titles these days, A sense of importance. One problem that holds this game back is the fact that it is set up as an MMO, which means microtransactions, which means spiked economy costs for things that a singleplayer would allow within much more reasonable values, if it were a singleplayer game it would probably have a much longer story and a much bigger payoff to upgrading cars and progressing, but instead we have every car roughly as fast as eachother and performance upgrades unlocking in a random loot counter sort of setup wich makes buying upgrades almost pointless. Just one example of how MMO is most often not the way to go with your game. I think the game would have greatly benefited on being singleplayer focused while having the same online components it already does, the MMO features in the core game are like any other AAA game that tries to go MMO, theyre pointless, its immerssion breaking, its economy stifling, it simply doesnt work.So I give this game a 7/10 (Buy instead of that new NFS)For a person whos played just about every racer under the sun, its a good game to have around if you want to play around in, from time to time, or just see the sites of the U.S in game form."
,Recommended,241560,18932749,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Ronin,I would definatley recommend this game because it is awesome. The story is pretty cool and the open world aspect of driving around in cool cars is amazing. Loads of little side activities for you to do during open world and alot of elements of co-op and solo gaming.All i would suugest if you are thinking of getting this game is try the free demo first like i did and you can get started on the game and see if its for you and then if you decide to buy it you can just carry on from were you got up too and enjoy the rest of the game :)
,Recommended,241560,19165918,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,area51_area51,"Very fun, MMO part is lacking but very fun to cruse around. More fun with others but there are some connection issues while I'm at college. Played Wild Run BETA and got addicted to the drifting spec cars. I can't wait till I can buy it."
,Recommended,241560,20975459,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,$waGg0,Very Nice game with G27
76561197982554011,Recommended,241560,21137698,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Anodized Wolf,"I can definitely recommend this game if you like racing games. Now that Atari sadly enough announced that they didn't make any more Test Drive games, I saw this come out. It was so good and very similar to the Test Drive games, but kinda with an upgrade so it had so much more potential.Such as:You could earn money quite fast, so there wasn't any hardcore grinding.It has a minimum playtime of roughly 24 hours, before you have seen or discovered the most the game potential.It was easy and fast to get the basic mechanics.The variety of the nature and the roads are of high quality and makes it more interesting to drive around and explore.What I found out playing this game:(I think this can count as a spoiler for some people, just to let you know)In the beginning where everything was new and amazing it was extremely detailed and so much fun. The upgrades on the cars was just so crazy compared to my thoughts that it it couldn't get any better. The singleplayer campaign was dramatic and intense.... - But towards the end of the game I felt that the publisher of the game, (mainly Ubisoft), was in a hurry to get it out to the original date or something, because the gameplay began to be less detailed and the singleplayer campaign just ended in such a weird way and was such a big let-down, compared to what it lead up to.I mean, I was to satisfied and couldn't wait till the end and with the cars' upgrades that was sobadasslooking I thought it was the best game ever basically. Near the end of the game and as well as I began to see the most expensive cars that I had been long waiting for, it seemed like you could only buy the main upgrade for a certain road type and the basic car colour. In the beginning you could upgrade the road type for the car but also the very specific colour even in a anodized way as well. You could upgrade it the smallest parts of the car without any problems.So I mean, it was an extremely good, detailed and satisfying game overall, even for a minor car enthusiastic as myself. But towards the endUbisoftandIvory Towerwas kind of ""slacking"" I guess. It really felt like it was made in a hurry towards the end, so the content took an unsuspected turn.If you are here for the multiplayer part only, you are pretty much good to go. There are nearly no problems whatsoever, but I can only talk for myself here. In multiplayer it was hard to meet up with other players for an extended period of time. As I drove past the edge of a state into another, I kept getting phased out and everybody around me disappeared and new players would come up. I could, however, still see them on the map.So as a summary I will definitely recommend this game for people who like cars and/or details. If you are here for the story or a long game with your friends, I will recommend to buy it cheap or just not to the normal price at least.EDIT: So this game has not been cheap. I bought it with a big discount of 50% for the ""Gold"" edition, which basically means that you get all the DLCs in the same purchase. - Kinda like the game itself and the season pass for most other games. Though after a little while the game devs released a major DLC pack called Wildrun. This DLC wasNOTa part of the season pass and still isn't and it cost 30 euros. I thought that the gold edition would give me that too.. And now that I don't really play the game anymore I randomly saw an announcement for the game on Ubisoft for September 2016 saying you casn get a free copy of the basic game, which I again feel a little sad about.With that being said, it is a beautiful game but overall the price is quite a ripoff."
,Recommended,241560,21554141,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Cardell.Barkhorn,"No one is going to read my review anyways so I will be totally brief...THAT GAME IS JUST AMAAAZING!IMO, it is the BEST modern arcade rading game!(I don't really like the modern arcade racing games, so I kept playing Need for Speed Most Wanted 2005 till pretty much 2 years ago LOL)Yes, it does have A FEW downsizes (by the way, if you are going to complain about the physics, be a man and just change it to hardcore. The ""easy"" mode from the Crew is not very satisfying tbh)One of the few horrible things with The Crew is the post mission HUD. It is just so stupid to have to wait many seconds on a screen about a challenge (mainly if you are under a police pursuit) just to find out you earned 250B. We should be able to just bash Enter/A(for controller) and go quickly through the menu.Aaand one thing that drives me mad are the police pursuits. Sometimes if you hit the rear of a police car, you just get stuck (you cant even reverse, the game bugs. Sometimes that happens even at stationary cars when you are NOT the most wanted) and that you cant just turn around and reverse during a pursuit without being arrested."
,Recommended,241560,21731430,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,HumanSnail,"Found a guy who has a big crew, was allowed to join, got 3 monster trucks and trapped the youngest dude in a corner. 10/10 would get 3 monster trucks and trap a little dude in the corner again."
76561198039278118,Recommended,241560,23981381,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,eatmywords,"This is a superb arcade racing sim. Besides the wonderful graphics, and cheeky easter eggs that can be found everywhere, the immensity of the map makes freedriving a pleasure. I've racked up far more time just driving around than actually doing missions and pvp. There is a very large array of the finest cars in the world, which need to be tuned to perfection; although that doesn't necessarily mean that when you max out your car's parts you will have an unbeatable car. PVP is where that definition is put to the test.I don't really like multiplayer games, as they often bring out the worst in people, but I do like playing PVP in The Crew because if you can handle your car, then you have an equal chance of beating any player. Ubisoft should be congratulated for resisting the pay-to-win agenda many publishers turn to, to make a quick buck. Indeed, there are cash cars in the game, but again, they aren't supercars that can destroy all unpaying comers. They are just treats. Like the McLaren F1, which is a beautiful car, but that's it. Put it against the Zonda, and it will run very close; it's a shame they didn't put the Bugatti Veyron in, as then I could relive one of my favourite Top Gear episodes:Veyron vs McLarenThe only problem is a major bug; and I mean major. About 90% of the time when I enter the garage to tune a vehicle, the game will crash. This is maddening, and really screws up the enjoyment of the game, as you often try to avoid going to the garage at all. It's a pretty critical part of the game, as the parts you collect for your car are very delicately weighted against every other part. I'm trying to work out if you can build a much better car by slow grinding from lower levels, rather than just pay for a level 50 part. This takes time and concentration, so when you're analysing your parts and the game crashes, then you reload and can't be bothered, or too scared, to go back into the HQ. I've found if you go into the HQ when you first load the game, the game does not crash with such frequency. But who wants to go to the HQ when you've just loaded the game? Rather you go the garage after racking up a load of parts and then want to compare one against the other. Maybe if Ubisoft patched the game so you could tune your vehicle outside the HQ; the system is technically there in options, but you can't compare parts outside of the HQ.Although this is a massive negative for the game, it does not spoil the enjoyment of the game itself, as there's so much to do. Hone your skills against your friends. Play missions, PVE, Factions Missions, and the PVP arenas of course. Again, I usually shy away from PVP, as this often brings out the worst in people, and if you leave collisions on, then you will quickly run into those people. There is also a trend of people's to harass drivers they encounter by ramming them continually, but, if you can handle your car, then you will not have a problem escaping from these morons; and I think this is just loser rage. In other games this would be a good reason to rage-quit, but I don't mind it so much in The Crew, because if you want the best, you have to beat the worst; and I usually always get the better of them on a circuit track with collisions turned off; and believe me, that's a satisfying feeling, especially if they rage-quit after the race XDYes, this is truly a game I can't get enough of. So thanks Ivory Tower for a great driving experience. And please, don't shut down the server any time soon :)"
,Recommended,241560,24203008,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Owl,"What you can do on this game:Ram random player's car with full speed.It's fun, so i give 10/10"
,Recommended,241560,24231470,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,WAYA,Cool
76561198046707636,Recommended,241560,24406411,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,QC,yeah great game
,Recommended,241560,24582674,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,(NOR)Rema100,every time i start the game and conect my staring wheel it instantly crash's . why does it do that ?My wheel is made by speedlink and is called drift oz
,Recommended,241560,28636050,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tysonlkm,"Hi developers,I enjoy the game very much but i feel that there can be some improvement to the game how can a dirt vehicle level be lower that street vehicle level even though it was unlocked at level 12. Currently my steet vehicle level is 345 and dirt vehicle level is 308 based on the same equipment attached can the dirt vehicle level increase to at least above 345thanks"
,Recommended,241560,20159648,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Nova,"Fantastic Car MMO? Like that I can do virtually everything with my friend, and love how big and huuuuge the world is. Great game~"
,Recommended,241560,20718488,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,trapper of the century,"Its like NFS world + Test Drive Unlimited + Forza Horizon... its seriously one of my, if not MY FAVORITE racing games.."
76561197990568392,Recommended,241560,23906685,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lengwolf,"Worth it, if you have friends to play with even more so as you can go through the story mode together (crew), just wish more racing games had such a feature."
,Recommended,241560,24284199,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,<|Xx(B23RTOOTH)xX|>,"This game is actually amazing!! I don't understand why people are trying to find the smallest things to write a bad review about. I saw one person say doesn't work for windows 10...WELL UR STUPID! U obviously have the crappy video card that came with your computer or you have no space. I play this game on two different computers, this game runs so perfectly on highest graphics because i got an $80 video card thats meant for gaming on one computer. The other one it runs on medium graphics pretty well. GET THIS GAME!! Someone also said they got the game for customizing cars and that when they got it there was a very small amount of customization..this game has so much customization it takes over 20 minutes to just look at all the stickers when you can also edit your car's interior, wheels, fender, underside, hood, color(tons of colors to choose from and in different formats too Ex:Chrome, iridescant, ETC.), +more. Don't be salty AND BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198176855626,Recommended,241560,24418118,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Greendude6220,It's really fun I would recommend the crew wild run not the crew
,Recommended,241560,28668810,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Pingu pvpro.com,"This is a open world game there you can do missions, race or just drive around like an idiot. This game has very good graphics. You can fast travel without loadingscreen. I realy like the game becaus we can play with controller and it's open world, you can do alot of missions and jump around in freeroam."
,Recommended,241560,30037342,Posted: 19 February,all,lukulus0,"I really enjoyed ""The Crew"" and its downloadable contents, mainly for its great open world—the reproduction of the whole United States in a smaller version.Every time I play the game, I am surprised how detailed the environment and the cities really are.Although there are game objects (like houses in small towns around the world map) which do actually appear quite often, it still is fascinating how many different buildings and environmental structures (deserts, mountains, snow landscapes) there are and how it affects the playstyle, giving the player various opportunities to enjoy the game in very different ways.The car selection in the game is good, all in all. If you want great cars however, you almost have to spend real money on as The Crew's in-game currency adds up extremely slowly.The multiplayer functionalitites of the game are fine overall. However, the game's genre would be more accurate without the ""Massive"" in ""Massively Multiplayer Online Game"". Most of the players on your map are multiple kilometers/miles away from you, but when finding one, it is really fun to drive around with the other player. Also, one thing to criticize is the game's always-online ""feature"". Playing the game when the servers are offline, which happens quite frequently, is impossible. I would like it even more if there was an offline mode, making it possible to play alone and without any active online connection.Moving on to the game's story, it is basically like in any other MMO-type racing game. Without spoiling its contents: Not too interesting, but kind of okay. You get phone calls from different people, have to drive to a specific point on a map and have to clear a specific mission. That's it.Ubisoft's DLC policy for The Crew (unlike any other of this publisher's games) is now kind of fair. You get the game for a pretty low price and the two major DLC packages (Calling all Units, including Wild Run) for a decent amount as well—compared to other games, at least. This however does not include all of the car packs, which are ridiculously expensive.The two major DLCs for the game are pretty good, actually, as they add new game mechanics like bikes or even a completely new police mode.Overall, I think that The Crew is a great game to get, mainly due to its open world features. But if you're looking for a racing game that completely focuses on the racing part, you probably want to get another game.The term which would sum up what The Crew is like would probably be ""Need for Speed, but with better online features and a more interesting map""."
,Recommended,241560,33392438,Posted: 8 July,all,A1Training,"For some reason I keep losing the ability to go movie mode. When you open up the options(cell phone) middle bottom app should be a camera that allows me to go into video/movie mode but there is a map there instead. I uninstalled the game and reinstalled. The first time I booted it up after that, it was there...it worked but when booting up the game again it went back to the map. I think there are some files or something that need to be deleted that were there before the update that keep causing it to revert back to the map idk, I could use some help though."
,Recommended,241560,13194154,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,NitroWombat,"Love it, the game is so much of what we all hoped for from NFS and TDU series. What they were supposed to be and then some.  I have longed for a MMO Racing game that was just that.  A ""MMO"" racing game... Since the days of MCO, we finally have one.  I just really hope the MS doesn't kill it, turn it into P2W, and that the prices are REASONABLE!!!  Now if they would just add a few more trucks and (before the tuner haters start ranting) that they add Scion.  Look'em up, they are winning like mad!  (and hey, the tC and FRS are good lookin! don't deny it you muscle car lovers =P )  But really though, go check out the vids on youtube!So looking forward to the game expanding, so much potential with such a great idea!(aside from the normal dose of haxlet nubtart basement dwelling trolls, the ones on here don't seem to grasp the concept of ""crews"" nor factions in this game.)I did the closed beta and even at that time with bugs and adjustments needed in phsyics/mechanics it was a blast to play.  The cars look great, although the car audio could use some attention to make them sound more like the real deals IMO.  Have any questions, feel free to ask!Also IMO, the gold will be worth it.  Look forward to hating some tires on Dec. 2nd!Well now after launch I still don't change my opinion!  I have noticed a bit more lag than beta and had a crash.  In beta I had less lag and no crashes lol.   If you didn't get the pre-order you missed out on some cool content.Any questions as I said before; Feel free to askLag has lessend quite a bit and still waiting on the patches.  They are starting to make a habbit of not really supporting the games after release.  Still though I do reccomend the game, just wait for a sale.  If they fixed the sync issues and a few other bugs that can hinder game play a bit, it would be well worth the full price.Well after playing and waiting, it is about half of what they promised.  Not suprised as Ubisoft is making a habbit and trend of this crap.  With the issues of being able to see other players and ""co-op""  still giving a problem, with NAT issues.  It can be fun when you can actually play with others and find people that actually have a clue as to what The Crew is supposed to be.  Still say it's not worth full price, but it is free to play monthly, So... If you are still on the fence, I suggest wathcing some streams or Youtube vids."
,Recommended,241560,19093458,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,TurboDoodTV Mod Shop,best online racing game out there right now
76561198091851989,Recommended,241560,23908628,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ItGeoff,"Great game to play, it has a lot of content to cover, lots of cars, customization and etc."
,Recommended,241560,24114898,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,No Wyld,This game is so cool if you buy the complete edition becouse you got the season pass and wild run expansion. This game its worth and Its so cool to play with your friends! :)
,Recommended,241560,24572089,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ManHunter69,"The best 3rd person racing game ever by Ubisoft, simular to Need For Speed, here you tune your ride's to maximum power level in diffeerent race Specs: Street; Dirt; Perf; Raid & Circuit, all across America! :DAlso there are 3 extreme specs, when you play 'Wild Run' edition of the game,but each of that spec kit can be bought in expensive cash, for starters, 1 extreme spec kit is for free and you have choosewhisley that kit. :pRace in 1 of 5 race factions you like the most - 'Wolfs; Eagles; Crocodiles; Snakes; Bears'.Hit the streets and good luck!! ;)"
76561198108795155,Recommended,241560,18783263,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,cheesey,i dont like the fact that there isnt motocycles in this game other than that great game truly recomended
,Recommended,241560,22125952,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Despooked,"There are few games I actually like enough to write reviews about (and they mostly suck in quality too) but this game desereves an honest review.Ofcourse a lot of people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about the season pass not including the Wild Run DLC but I never bought a season pass or the wild run, I just bought this game on sale because I wanted to play an good looking open world racing game and this one was worth the 14 euros I spend on it in a sale.So lets start with the storyMany racing games lack a story entirely or just have a basic one.This game is no difference, although the game has a lot more effort in giving a race an purpose, every race has a few lines of voice acting giving the context why you do it. so its not just ""why did I just ram some random car off the road"" in which the game responds ""because OH HEY LOOK REWARDS!""The story itself to spoil the least, Alex Taylor is a racer that wants to join the 5-10's but on the day he would get his ink his brother gets shot by Shiv and then you pretty much try to raise yourself in the 5-10 ranks to get revenge. (again im pretty much just explaining it bare bones there is a lot more to it).For a racing game story i'll give it a: 7/10For a general game story its a: 5/10 characters dont get any in-depth storyGraphicsThe Graphics in this game are really good. shadows look great. cars super detailed. first person driving looks great too. Rain is stunning.Night time is a little bright if you aren't in a shadow or if it' s raining. the world itself is detailed and there are people on the streets just walking around, some carrying stuff. (i even hit some hobo with a shopping trolley once) there is also wildlife running around from squirrels to moose. (Ofcourse it being a ubisoft game there is no senseless killing so you cant actually hit the people or animals) The forests feel dense and real.There is even an in-game photo mode which allows you to take your own pictures in a higher resolution then you actually run the game. I have made a ton of screenshots using it and I even have a few new Computer backgrounds thanks to it.There are a few pre-rendered cutscenes. Which im actually still trying to figure out if they are real recordings with the character models 3d rendered into them or if they are actually modelled so well that they look photo realistic.The bad few things include:A few floating rocks and tree's in forest areas off track.Character faces in game up close are really ugly compared to the rest of the game.short draw distance on cars (detailing like spoilers dissapear if they go a little far away even on ultra). wheel tracks also do not stay long, in the ending cutscene the camera pans into the distance following your car which is outside of the draw distance so it isent visible. Dust trails are really small (so small that if you look behind yourself in first person you dont see any dirt/dust kick up)Mirror's have no real time reflection. (only like GTA V does. reflects low res world but no cars or anything) No option to enable a HUD rear view mirror.AI cars in photo-mode dissapear after a short while due to the fact that the game is online and the cars drive on going beyond draw distance and de-spawning.Graphically for a racing game this is the prettiest game I have played. 9/10 (compared to other racing games like Need for speed)The GameplayFirst the biggest thing I like is the fact that there are more then 2 cars on the road. on highways in major cities you can actually end up just rushing past a continous row of cars. so driving on roads feel actually used instead of the ghost roads you drive on in games like Need For Speed.Cars handle pretty good, feel heavy and in control. I barely drove any other cars then the forced cars and the starting car you pick though. (yes you can easily complete the whole game with the starting car), I've only had 3 occasions of physics doing weird and getting launched at crazy speeds. a few AI cars also glitch sometimes but there is nothing massive as far as i noticed.The special thing about this game is the always online world.So far as i noticed the map is devided in section servers. Major cities have a special server and the country around those cities have seperate servers. I personally have a good internet connection and the server crossings have been seamless. no lag, no freezes, no ""connecting to server"" stuff.Ofcourse if you are like me you coulden't care less about the online stuff and rather don't have any online stuff.there sadly isen't a offline mode. but the game plays pretty much single player, nothing online is forced on you, you could play it as if it were a single player game. Every race can be done solo (meaning you and AI).The AI is easy. As far as I noticed there is no difficulty curve (but this could also be because racing might be one of the game types im decently skilled at) The difficulty is addaptive to your cars level. so if a mission says its hard it's most likely easy if you actually know how to drive well. I even ended up having a 10 second split time on a hard mission.I should also not forget to mention that this game is not your generic ""buy parts in the shop to upgrade"" type. you unlock the parts after every race depending on how well you did. so being first doesent mean a gold part.once you reach level 50 (the max level) you get platinum ratings which use ""smart loot"" as far as i noticed its not that smart and is just an fancy name for ""randomized loot""There are also on road skill challenges a few are:Speed: drive on the road as fast and far as possibleJump: Jump over a ramp into a landing zonePrecision: squeeze through gates that become smaller and smallerSlalom: drive around postsThese also use the bronze, silver, gold loot system.The BadThis game also features Cops. Which are no threat at all and barely worth mentioning except for in the ""escape from the cops"" missions.They barely do anything. you can speed past them at 300 Kmp/h and then wont do a thing.The only few times i've gotten in a chase was when I purposely rammed the cop car or rammed a bunch of AI cars and objects.If you do manage to get into a chase. well they arent that good either. if you want to have a good chase your better off playing Need for Speed Carbon or Most Wanted 2005.You can get 6 stars which only changes how many cars chase you. at 4 you get a helicopter after you (which is the only hard enemy to lose) Road blocks are mostly 1 car and a police sign or on highways like 3 cars and a sign so easily avoided and they will not use Spike Strips or anything like that.You can't disable the road skills meaning you either have to go around or start it and then close it via your phone.I still rate gameplay an 8/10 due to how good the cars feltSoundtrackNot so much to say about the soundtrack. most missions have a special soundtrack which is mostly dramatic orchestral and a bit electric.The in-game radio stations aren't that great either. I mainly listened to 2 of them, Koda boom for in the city and Sine wave digital for the countryside.There is a ""custom"" playlist option which means ""pick songs from our radio stations!"" and no importing of your own music.(a huge thing that bugged me was how the power glove songs (from Far cry 3 blood dragon) still had the in game sound effects in them. You made the game how do you not have a clean version!)In races where there was no special soundtrack I would open my steam overlay and just look up some other music.So the music in this game gets a 4/10 you might like the tracks in the game though. It's just a matter of taste.Story. Graphics. Gameplay. sountrack. that's about everything I think, and im running out of Review space.Well for the TL:DR people:its a good racing game that is worth playing if on sale.rating 8/10"
,Recommended,241560,22481596,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,_TheMurder_,Best game in the history this game is awsom and its fun tu play with friends <3 love this game
,Recommended,241560,23846953,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,RoadRunner,So much fun...So much to do.
,Recommended,241560,33565263,Posted: 15 July,all,ISHAQ,Fun to play :D
76561198070148860,Recommended,241560,17522820,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,FT | viρєяz™ ☠ \m/ (◣_◢) \m/ ☠,This game is just amazing
76561198311358926,Recommended,241560,24350356,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,chethin,Amazing Game!!!The map is huge and the game has a cool storyline.The game excels in customisation and tuning.The AI system is very refined and everything is exciting..Though the physics of the game definitely need an upgrade. The multiplayer events are amazing'(apart from some weird glitches) and the car list is sweet!! Graphics are top notch and the gameplay is smooth. Overall one of THE BEST RACING GAMES EVER!!!
,Not Recommended,241560,20903381,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Adrien Remaz,"This game has become complete and utter trash after the release of Wild Run, and even before Wild Run it was pretty bad. To level up your car to level 1299 takes LUCK. Has nothing to do with how skilled you are or what you do. It's pure chance you get that level 50 platinum part at the specific bonus you want. It was like that before Wild Run; it was better that way. Now you also get rims, hoods, and other generic faff parts you could buy at a tuner for all the Bucks you get from trying the skill minigames. This is awful. It was already hard to get specific parts, now they nerf it so you CAN'T GET ANY PARTS TO LEVEL UP YOUR CAR. No matter how good this may look, under the hood is a 1 cylinder engine that only outputs 1 Brake Horsepower. It's literal garbage. I'm lucky I guess that I got to play this and get to some 1299 level cars, because now, that's all I have.Don't give into this UbiShit trash. It's unplayable now. It takes $120 away from you and expects you to like it. ($120 comes from my GOLD edition preorder with season pass, and purchase of crew credits)Get Need for Speed 2016 when it comes out on Origin. EA probably doesn't do this to their games. At least most of them are still playable, anyway."
76561198096331995,Recommended,241560,13195443,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Snoot Booper,Got called a spastic cos i cant drive and crashed into some randoms car 10/10but seriously this game is fantastic. Definitely worth buying if you have the cash.
,Recommended,241560,13221775,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,GuigaMX,Let Ubisoft haters talk ... Ignore them ...This game is Beauty !Worth every dime
,Recommended,241560,13197215,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Joech4N,awesome
,Recommended,241560,14002423,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Big Danny K,"Bought a Chevy Silverado, painted it metallic redGot an Alabama plateWooo-Hoo!!!! Time to tear up them hills!!!!10/10"
,Not Recommended,241560,17155609,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Vladimir,"Just. Don't even bother.A complete and utter waste of money that would be better spent on CS:GO cases. The mechanics are completely broken and unplayable. You can count how many cars there are in the game with your fingers, You want more cars? Too bad! Gotta pay extra for them sonny.Cars are like tanks and gravity in that game is apparently 200x that of normal earth. Goku's gonna have a grand old time.Seriously. A 1969 Dodge Charger RT has 5 speed transmission? Where did that come from? The sound of the cars in the game's as authentic as my Hotwheels collection. Made in Taiwan.If you're going to buy this game for the multiplayer, don't. It's as unexistant as Ellen Page's boobs. You have friends that play The Crew, you say? Good. You can be as idiotic as them for buying this game.The only real reason I ever bought this melarky is because it was on sale. The only reason my play time exceeds 2 hours(Steam's policy for a refund) is because of my perfectionism when playing games. Lo and behold, there was a collectible HotRod you could use after painstakingly searching for them and even so, the HotRod was incredibly not worth the effort.All in all, don't buy it, don't look at it, don't talk about it.- 2/10 ""Dissapointing""IGN - 9/10"
,Recommended,241560,14320346,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,klow-d,"Okay, so this is an alright game despite UBISOFT shouldn't even attempt to make a Racing MMO, the MMO factor is kind of garbage because all the other cars just rubberband. And I should mention that not of the car features are even close to realistic. I kind of excepted this with my purchase considering this didn't look like a serious driving simulator anyway. In all, I have lot's of fun on this game with my friends. You should only buy this game if you want to have a fun cruise with your friends and doing roadtrips and stuff. The story is fun too but is kinda stupid. Good luck with your purchase and I hope you don't waste your $60 or $85 whatever the ♥♥♥♥ it is. It's all personal preference to be honest."
,Recommended,241560,28444970,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Denzelf,open world100+carscustomization++
,Not Recommended,241560,28289272,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Anthem Of The Faded,Still filled with cheater who use the gear shift bug!!!So PvP is a mess filled with cheater yay....
,Recommended,241560,33267137,Posted: 5 July,all,xXxKAVHIxXx,Such an awesome game !! :D
76561198062020400,Not Recommended,241560,14201920,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,egg,"Connectivity    - suckyMultiplayer      - its ok if you can even find a matchCustomization - not that muchPhysics             - unrelistic and suckyStory/Campain - boring and predictableMissions           - repetetive and annoyingGameplay        - suckyServers            - crash all the timeGraphics          -  mediocreAI-players       - unrelisticThis game is unfinnished and only worth about 30 bucks. I was exited for this game, but there are too many holes and bugs and glitches that are unsatisfying. And the overal game quality isnt very great."
76561197987285905,Not Recommended,241560,19135766,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,amuhcow,"Well, normally I don't write reviews of games, since it's always a personal opinion and a question of wether or not you can live with the faults a game might have. All games have problems, but with the release of the Wild Run DLC, I feel scammed.Originally I pre-ordered the Limited edition of The Crew, setting me back 65€, including season pass and all DLC car packs available at the original release date. After the release of Wild Run, all these have been revoked and needs to be bought once again. That means I have spent around 20€ on something, I will now have to pay for once again. And that's on top of the 25€ I have spent on the Wild Run DLC, which in hindsight I shouldn't have, since they call it a DLC, and therefor it should be part of the The Crew season pass, and not a seperate expansion mini-game, like you would see in other MMOs.Legal or not, the fact that they now force people to buy all the DLCs once againt, this is ethically not something, I want to support. On forums I have seen, that I am not the only one to have experienced this, and with that business model in mind I would not recommend this game.The game itself is suffering from a few bugs, some worse than others, but the most annoying is the endless disconections, usually at the most crucial time during a race.I can live with bugs, but I have a hard time spending money on buying the same game once more."
76561198099258517,Not Recommended,241560,19135828,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,stonedturtle35,its a great game but this is rediculous that i bought the season pass and it doesnt come with the wild run expansion
,Recommended,241560,13882367,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Vador76,"Like TDU2 with Ricers, more rammers and less cars."
,Recommended,241560,13791498,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mr Dudu 10,"With fancy multiplayer and realistic racing,The Crewsignifies what a racing game should be. The plot of the game takes a lot of unexpected twists. It also shows that people also do things badly or trust the wrong people, for example, when one of your teammates tries to kill you. Taking this into consideration,The Crewisn'ttoorepetitive."
76561198034574684,Not Recommended,241560,13973479,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Auntie Molestia,"The CrewThe crew is a large, open world environment with lots of multiplayer aspects and huge POTENTIAL. But from there, it’s all a bit downhill. I bought it because I wanted a driving game where you could customise your car, get chased by cops, play with friends even for a nice little drive down a motorway at 200km/h.I got what I asked for, but not what I paid for. I get my custom car, which then gets pulled away from me for mission specific cars. Now, I’m in a mission with an unfamiliar car and AI designed to be perfect. I know they are. Get the perk which shows you the lines to a race mission, I almost guarantee that the AI in 1st will be perfect to that line. Have all the skill you want, if you don’t take shortcuts or have the better car, you won’t win and if that’s the case, don’t even bother going for a perfect score. I know there are people out there who are pros and know every corner, every braking point and every shortcut. I can only imagine how much time they spent and how much sass from the NPCs they got. And then there are the regular AI cars. Not the race ones, just the normal run-of-the-mill pedestrian cars. God help if you’re going for a high score and one of those come along and pull into the lane you’re in about 50m from you.♥♥♥♥♥♥happens, but not to the AI racers.Then the authorities. Hands up all those who love a good chase scene. I do, and I thought “Yeah, lots of road and different terrain, this should be good.” Oh sweet innocence. First, find a patrol car and then crash into stuff. Problem. Find one. I’d hate to believe that there are only two patrol cars in New York. Of course, if you destroy enough stuff, you might initiate a car chase, but only after ruining the front of your vehicle and giving half a city a reason to build a concrete wall as opposed to fences. Of course, you won’t get booked if you ram into all their parked cars unless a patrol car is nearby. Oh and don’t worry about pedestrians either, they’ll jump out of your way while your barrelling down the road at high speeds. You may have noticed I’ve refrained from using the word “cop”. This is because, if you find one on foot, try running him down. He’ll jump out of your way and yell obscenities at you no matter how many times you try. Won’t even call for backup.Multiplayer. Oh boy. My friend and I tried to do a multiplayer session. We attempted about three times with it saying “unable to join crew”. About to give up, we tried once more. *pop*. We’re in lobby together. Okay then, well, we’re in, let’s meet up. We did, or rather, our name tags did. Neither of us could see each other’s car, and we were poorly synced, to the point where I would ram a cop car next to my friend which would proceed to arrest me with my friend laughing because there was nothing there.Hmmm….have I missed something. Oh yes, state of the art graphics from 2011, forced music when in missions (I like my classical), handling which feels like the roads are made of ice and a story which feels like it was pulled out of the “Hat of predictable story lines” with more plot holes in it than the Brony Clopper fandom."
76561198037082073,Not Recommended,241560,14119499,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,IronSlasher,"I had high hopes for this game, it turned out to be a total waste of money.The AI in the game is rigged, no matter how many upgrades you get, the AI will always zip away.The whole game feels disconnected and seems to pay no attention to the experience of the player.Any victories feel more like a matter of luck than skill effectively defeating any sense of accomplishment the player might receive.It is NOT the open world MMO racing game it pretends to be. Your character is a bearded hipster that resembles the guy from Half-life. You are forced into a boring, cut and paste, extremely linear storyline that reeks of a bad Fast and Furious movie. The missions are lackluster and feel like a huge chore.Dont get me started on RAID or the Garbage truck mission, or the time I logged in and the server reverted and 6 hours of achivements and part unlocks were magically gone. (RAGE!!!!) Contacting support is a joke.I can’t believe I got suckered in for $60.00 bucks! this game is one big lie!"
76561198002235698,Not Recommended,241560,14175454,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,driverofcar,"Wish I could have my $85 back, I questioned the hype at first, thought well, its most likely not as horrible as everyone says. I was very wrong, in fact, most everything about The Crew is a huge disappointment. This game belongs in the steam greelight corner. What ive gathered from forcing myself to play more of The Crew - unfinished, buggy, horrifingly bad gameplay mechanics, physics engine that never seems to work, and worst of all, unrealistic to the point where NFSUG2 looks damn real in comparision. Swing and miss to a complete FAIL. Dont buy this game!"
,Recommended,241560,33186935,Posted: 3 July,all,[N.E.T eSports Icafe] Silv,"Nice story, good graphics, best gameplay. Yet to try out other features since I just bought the ultimate edition after trying out ones I obtained from Ubisoft30 club :v But so far so good. Recommended if you love racing games!"
76561197998292596,Not Recommended,241560,23968835,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,duxlq,"PIECE OF SH*T !on startup black screen flashes and windows says ""The Crew has stop working"" .F**K YOU UBISOFTANDF**K YOU UPLAY"
76561198119663334,Not Recommended,241560,14440635,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,jslider12,this is truly an awful game you go into a tuner and you cant buy a single part for your car! every part you want you have to earn the cars in this game slide like theyre always on ice! this is by far the worst racing game ever ubisoft needs to make a lot of changes to this game and it never shouldve been released! its a total waste of money and time! buy any need for speed game gaurantee itll beat this p.o.s of a game!!
76561198065762702,Not Recommended,241560,14442269,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,frenchmen2448,Can't get pass the first mission. Game just goes black.
76561198015939653,Not Recommended,241560,14466684,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Koronisz,"Great visuals, Terrible gameplay"
,Not Recommended,241560,31149669,Posted: 14 April,all,Blackbaze™,"The concept Of a open world game and the cars are good, other things are♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!music is not good, when we do transport the crates, map doest work at all.police are overpowered, while the racer has to♥♥♥♥♥♥here and there, too many bugs in this game.i'am regretting i bought this game at the first place. This game is not for the guys who play on keyboard and mouse. dont buy this game."
,Not Recommended,241560,31181002,Posted: 16 April,all,NightLurk,"This is NOT a racing game, the closest you get to playing remotely a racing game is the very lame and limited story campaign. If you're expecting you'll get anything remotely close to a racing game do NOT buy this game. This is a no-lifer competition game, it's about being the biggest no-lifer to spend hours upon hours in-game doing nothing but repetitive tasks to GRIND money and upgrades for cars so you can ""catch them all"". There are SOME actual races in-game which are enjoyable which you can play with friends IF you BRING friends with you. If you rely on the game to provide you with races, you'll get all sorts of crap non-racing mechanics like king of the hill and crap like that.NOT A RACING GAME, A NO-LIFE GRINDFEST MONEYGRAB DLC CASHCOW FOR NOLIFERS!"
,Not Recommended,241560,31147647,Posted: 14 April,all,ehercoles,"Too much DLC, confusing game progression (events locked even after reaching their required level 30), not worth the price."
,Recommended,241560,13280445,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,TheMightySmail,9/10
,Recommended,241560,13988859,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Taliuz,"Great game for a racing mmo, You have a good amout of cars to you can choose from and they seem to handle well, the world is big, cities seem to be made pretty good the feel bigger then what they look on the map.negativ.graphics could have been a little better but need to keep in mind it is a mmo and a lot of stuff can happon at once.and don't really notice that it is a little outdated when you drive around in the game at high speeds.Screen tearing can accureBad in-game music on radio stationsvery agressive cops that can be a pain to get off your back even thought you drive a much better car then what they have.But even with this few negative sides to the game I have a fun time playing it both with friends and alone, so I do Recommend it."
,Not Recommended,241560,18868803,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dannbaws,"Very nice game at all, very customisable, very nice graphics, long storyline and great multiplayer but even after these things everything is ruined by running on Ubisoft servers.. The game is 9,5/10 but just the thing that is running on laggy and bugged Ubisoft servers makes it 1/10, you can't play this game for 2-3 hours straight because you get Ubisoft errors!"
,Recommended,241560,32581820,Posted: 19 June,all,D.ara,Have had some breaks now and then while playing it but still seem to always come back to it. Still a lot left for one to do after lvl cap ;3
,Not Recommended,241560,28210848,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Ampck,"Every couple of months you have to buy the $25 DLC, or else you lose all of your vehicles!!! Don't even think about playing without the DLC, because there is no game without it. Whenever a new DLC comes out, the one you previously bought doesn't exist anymore. It is LITERLY replaced entirley by the new DLC without a refund! You have to rebuy the DLC! When a new DLC comes out, you don't even get a huge difference. maybe a new gamemode or car, but barely anything. This was a waste of money."
76561198088017353,Not Recommended,241560,21172117,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TysonX old acc,Still having problems with the game when starting up it doesnt respond ive upgraded my desktop to windows 10 it wasnt it please fix ubisoft i brought the game last year and i still cant seem to find anysolution to the problem tried all guides/ubisoft forums but still doesnt work people that buy this game it will rip into pieces if it doesnt get fixedHelp PLEASE!!!!!
76561198143165334,Not Recommended,241560,14201783,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Reaganomi¢$,"this game is unfinished and not worth $60, i felt like i was playing disney Cars Mater national championship. The detail is underdone and they are 50+ flaws i could point out. It is a 2015 ""next gen game"" but the mirrors dont even work... its a car game. Racing games from 13 years ago had operating mirrors. The car selection is bad, the customization is horrible, physics are bad, the damage is nonsense, every car feels the same, every mission is the same, online is completely unenjoyable, and the cutscenes ughhh the cutscenes your cars glitch back and forth its really bad the whole pursuit is bad when your at a stop and you have just one police officer on you, you mine as well just give up. The graphics are like early ps3 graphics and a bit boring. I just want my money back so i can buy GTA V..."
76561198124669030,Not Recommended,241560,20134073,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,CSI48,"At this point in time until someone at ubisoft fixes this error , i rate this POORLY .I bought the crew with Wild run DLC and then i get into game and it says You have to buy the DLC again.. nope , not happening . when they fix this issue , i'l change this review to possitive , till then ..... go buy something else."
,Recommended,241560,13953469,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,G r e e b z,"Like Skyrim but with cars, 10/10"
,Recommended,241560,34692844,Posted: 2 September,all,jackelin and hether :p,Good game. Worth it only if it's on sale. The map is especially large and awesome.
,Recommended,241560,20279238,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,koverino,Need for speed Ubisoft editon. 10/10.
76561198173396825,Recommended,241560,19116224,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Rotorboi,"Hi,The game is cool, the gameplay is lovely on my Logitech G25.  I have have the minimal configuration to play the game (AMD A8 5600k, 8gb RAM, AMD RADEON HD6950 1024MO Vram) and I still have to play in low with 9-20 FPS. It's a shame that I can't play it smoothly, it's a great game."
76561197998561680,Recommended,241560,24557694,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Nil'kimas,"You could say I like this game. I like the open world aspect of it. You can just drive around if you want to. Once you finished the story mode you, still have to grind up a bit."
76561198140804082,Recommended,241560,19130730,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Mr.IceCat,"One of the best open world racing game.Just two words ""must have"". :)"
,Recommended,241560,25698065,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Krazy Burd,"i didnt find it that overall bad i would like to see achievements added considering im an achievement hunter myself i like something to work for like achieving all achievements but other than the ubisoft ones their isnt any on steam i hope if they ever come out with a crew 2 it has achievements an i would like it to stay on steam instead of ubisoft i hate having to keep both up to date just to play one game. Overall not a bad game has potential, i was a beta tester by the way seemed great then too."
,Recommended,241560,20315050,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,GuyMualem,nice game
,Recommended,241560,16394243,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MUZIKLEAFZ,"I Love this game!Just since I wached the trailer video.So I Bought it without wating any discount - -This game is the kind of style  which I love. just like escape the cop pursuit,the true Reality Manufacturers Cars,And you can Customize your car In many ways. Form STREET to OFFROAD to CIRCUIT,You can tune your car to many difference style.That mean You will have fun in this game whatever you like any kind of racecar! :)The old saying goes;""Every coin has two sides.""This game is a Multiplayer games online,you can call for help if you can't pass a difficult misson,You can also have fun with friends.BUT!but some time the network maybe awful,It always lost connection! always lost connection! That means I can't play this great game very often.That made me feel regret :(I am Extremely hope The Ubi soft update this game,add the Singleplayer mode!Just like <Driver: San Francisco> .Rally extremely hope!At last,sorry for my poooooor English.从看宣传片开始，我就彻底爱上这个游戏了，真实厂牌的车辆，高自由度的改装，警匪追逐，不同的比赛模式，从街头赛车到沙漠Baja再到职业赛道，无论你喜欢什么样的赛车游戏，都能从这款游戏上得到满足。所以这游戏没等打折我就买了= =凡事都有不足，这款游戏最让人失望的是没有单机模式，这意味着即使你单人过任务也要登录国际服务器，或许是我网络的问题，服务器经常失去连接，游戏是好游戏，但是我没机会经常玩，希望育碧官方能更新单人模式，就像前作《狂飙:旧金山》那样。谢谢。"
,Recommended,241560,22365086,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,-Bro- SKRAAL,"Really fun and good game.....EXCEPT for one reason. Ivory Tower you need to work on your DLC (except WildRun recommend that). The DLC is not worth it unless you really like one or two of the cars. Otherwise if you don't want to bother with DLC get this game it's fun, but please get Wild Run that is the most worth while one. (no season pass aswell just a scam)."
,Recommended,241560,24468540,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DavidUrsu,Best racing game ever! I recommend this game. I've spent 100 hours in this game.
,Recommended,241560,19823586,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Jamal CSGOATSE.COM,"Good game, would recomend to those who like car custamization and extreme driving conditons. All in all really fun. 8.5/10"
76561198157029193,Recommended,241560,22325316,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Murphy's Law,"Very good game, you do not need that much skill to be the best, and that makes the game fun to play."
,Recommended,241560,25615318,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,niveth,"cut scenes are simple, not much detailgame seems to be ok. bought this game last year and returned it, not worth buyingit's worth like $15well anyways now you can get the game free, googleor go to the link belowhttps://club.ubisoft.com/en-US/ubi30"
,Recommended,241560,30017238,Posted: 18 February,all,Briefcase Joe,"Everything is fine, but automatic repair and cleaning...Also, the damage to the car just awful. And too arcade physics.But the game has a beautiful large and free world, which makes the game enjoyable.50/50. After I played in Forza Motorsport and Forza Horizon 2/3, TheCrew seems♥♥♥♥♥♥!Thru of the beautiful views I recommend this game."
76561198012581473,Not Recommended,241560,14153507,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Chrisman01,"So much potential ruined by greed and Ubisoft's practices.  It's a AAA title you pay full price for, then has all the elements of a F2P title.Pay to win/Pay to progress1)  After buying the game for $40-60, you're given a starting car that is very underpowered and handles like crap.  It takes a *lot* of time to grind out upgrades, level up your character, and earn perks.  OR, you can pay a few real dollars and unlock a super car straight away.  Not with premium currency, *literally* with real world money.  However:2)  There IS premium currency.  You can buy packs of Crew Credits to unlock parts and upgrades faster.This wouldn't be an issue if you could only buy cosmetic things, but the cars on sale for real cash and the parts you can get with premium currency give you an edge over most players in PvP.Also, don't forget Uplay.  If you launch the game from steam, Uplay has to load up and sync, then the game tries to load.  Which can really bog down your system for no apparent reasons.Game performanceFor some reason your car stutters and jumps all over the place in cutscenese.  However you're fine during the gameplay itself (albeit capped at 30 to 60fps).  This has been a bug known since before release from what I've been reading, but nothing's been done to fix it.Your car handles like crap.  If you watch closely, when you're travelling at speed your car doesn't follow real world physics:it pivots on an axisinstead of turning.  This is extremely apparent if you visit a highway with steady curves or a race track, you can watch as the trunk of the car slides out and the wheels don't line up to where the car is heading when you're not drifting.Speaking of wheels not lining up, visit an airport.  The aircraft (which are all scaled down and scaled up copies of each other) are just static models that slide around.  Their wheels don't spin and the nose gear doesn't turn.  Heck, they don't have any animations at all, and their engines are obvious polygons.  I haven't seen aircraft that poorly modelled since 1998.In conclusion:  Hell no.  I wasted $40 on a game where you have to grind for days on end before you're even competitive, or give Ubisoft more money.(The tiny straw that broke the camels back:  They made New York and Chicago huge and detailed, but my ENTIRE state gets a few highways and a handful of buildings?  The two towns they added and named are literally a dozen or so buildings.  And they're both tourist trap villages, they didn't add our biggest city or our capital.)EDIT:  almost forgot!  The AI cheats.  Regardless of how much more upgraded your car is, they speed up to keep up with you, anddirt roads don't affect them.  They get to fly at max speed as if they're on pavement, while you're struggling to stay on the track as you drift around corners.  Even if your Dirt Spec is levelled up far more than theirs."
76561198049198248,Not Recommended,241560,19236638,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,bmx2damax,it was working fine managed to get 24 hours of play time into the game. then all of a sudden it wont load up. supposedly it is not windows 10 compatable. i wish that had been stated somewhere so that i didnt waste all of my money on this game.
76561198198150923,Recommended,241560,19258827,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Hotrod224,the map glichs out
,Not Recommended,241560,28772095,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ZephyrStormProject,Straight up garbage. No Mans Sky levels of unused potential
,Not Recommended,241560,25884878,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,[N.U.T.S.] Cornwall,This game wasn't worth $60 then and it's not worth $30 now.
76561198028739931,Not Recommended,241560,19136894,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,StubbyClaps,"♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Game was broken, so they fixed it. But season pass holders have to pay for the expansion. ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft and their asshat business models. Never buy ""season"" passes......"
76561198152360372,Not Recommended,241560,24384634,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,scotfusion,"This game is is not friendly with non-awesome computers. UBIsoft seems to aim solely at next-gen systems. If you have an old computer or laptop, dont try this. MGSV is a perfect example of a huge game with amazing graphics, that can seemingly run on any PC."
,Recommended,241560,13676906,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,träkol,This game has so many negitive reviews but most of them are because the people are maxing out the settings trying to break the game. But the NIVIDIA game thing will help stablize it. The game is really fun.
76561197996038995,Recommended,241560,11908998,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,aDNe,"TL:DR9/10 Closed beta.  Awesome for casual and competetive racing.So the closed beta, what do i think.First of let me state that i saw the trailer from e3 or whenever the game was presented for the first time, and I thought to myself; this looks like crap.  Who would want it?So iam sitting here, kinda bored and looking at games and The Crew Closed beta is up if I preorder.  Hmm, let me look at the reviews.  Read about 3 of em until someone says, i remindes of Midnight Club.  There i was sold.I start it up and skip all of story and such.  After some races I get into freedrive. I get about an hour until i need to go.  Its okey. I hate my Mucle car.  Next day, let me get to a car dealer, pick up a Ford Focus. Spend all my money to upgrade it. And think lets roll.  Well the next 5 hours is a blur of streetraces, cops trying to kill me,  players trying to kill me and alot of jumpes.  I havent had this much fun in a car game since the last Midnight Club.I think this game will be great, i certainly had alot of fun in the beta, and can not wait until realease.Pros-Huge World-Race Tracks-Hidden objects-The community (all the crazy drivers out there)-The car customaztion-Good ""car driving"" feel (not too realistic but hard)  (I played on the car setting of hardcore, do not know anything about the other settings)Cons-I fear the ingame microtransactions-Some bugs (like a tree in the middle of the railtracks)-Cops needs to care about speeding not just dmg to them or other cars-Beta was limited to 30 fps.  (get atleast 60)But for me this was a good 9 - 10/10"
,Recommended,241560,32310652,Posted: 10 June,all,Machugi,This is a very enjoyable racing game. Lots of people who buy this are looking for a racing sim. and giving it bad review because of it. You must know this is not a racing sim. its a Need for Speed type racing game more arcade if you will. The story mission are good and after it being able to play online when ever you want is a joy. So if you want a game like Need for Speed or Midnight club this is a good place holder but dont buy it thinking youre going to get a racing sim.
76561198028804518,Recommended,241560,13292069,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,sTiCkYzzz back bitchesssss™,best racing game ever
,Recommended,241560,19812986,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,✪ OberSp[A]ltPilz,"Pros:very big and beautiful open worldmmorpg race gamemore than 60 awesome cars (DLCs included)nice graphicsbig and active communityfull controller supportPvE + PvPContras:many bugged achievements/awardsdeveloped exclusively for next-gen consoles and high-end PCs (with older PCs you might have problemsto play it properly)price of 59,98€ (included with the Wild Run DLC, but it is a must-have if you like this game)Conclusion:Its not that cheap, but its totally worth it. You like awesome cars? You love MMOs? Then you are right here! Great game at all!"
,Recommended,241560,28925489,Posted: 1 January,all,イクアダムス,"Very fun, large map, route 66, and salt flats. what more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,241560,11891223,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Reilsss,"Simple the most awesome and fun making car / racing game I have seen for PC for years.Even doing simple road trips is highly enjoyable. The cop chases are intressting and there a neat variation of race types.And the car personalisation is wonderful. There may some games with more visual costumization options but there also many that ignore the topic. You should have no trouble to get your car to your personal tastes.And then there the car list with is wonderful, there something for every taste in there and for diffrent type of driving as well. (On road, as well as offroad, there something for everyone).And ultimativly its a car game that has car interior view. How many other games are trying to avoid that for the sake of saving money and time?!In Short this game is just awesome, and if you like driving / racing and cars then this is defintly something you should consider to check out!"
,Recommended,241560,11914408,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,FLUFFYxPANDA,"I would highly recomend this game to everyone who has not pre-purchased this game yet, i played in the recent beta that just ended today and my god I had already put in 21 hours in this game! i never expected it to be an exact replica of the U.S but the huge map is quite impressive especially with no loading screens freaking road trip central!!!! Yeah there were bugs but nothing to serious and if you love to drift like I do then your sort of in luck it may change for the better, but at first I was sad because I could not drift the corners on the street with the street spec vehicle but soon found out that the dirt spec on snowy/dirt mountains both up hill and down hill were like heaven. Also its just fun to drive around and see a group of people and just roll with them without even having to join there crew, I did this a couple of times and the experience was like none other, it was almost as if I was with a family or a group of friends just traveling across the country free as can be! remind you on both of these experiences there was like 8 to 12 of us!"
76561197985699465,Not Recommended,241560,14185674,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Nimious,"It is a decent game, but for the price, and the fact that in the middle of a live mission, you get stuck in any ♥♥♥♥ing way, you are screwed... this is a huge problem, especially when you are running a hour+ long mission and you get slammed into a guard rail where your bumper gets stuck on and you have NO way to get unstuck except quit the damn mission... I am giving this game a negative rating because I feel this ruins a lot of the end-game play, but it was a decent game till I was racing hour+ missions and realizing this happens often enough for it to be a big deal and months after release this is still not fixed."
,Recommended,241560,13271062,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Orange Crush,"I have played a lot of racing games from sims to arcade racers, and I have not found a better racing game. This game truely has it all; two tracks, bayous, jumps, cities, MILES upon MILES of roads. The scope is simply amazing. I have seen some people say that this game lacks detail because of the size, but I simply don't think thats true. Going through my neck of the woods (Michigan area) I can clearly see they nailed the look and feel of the state, and I think the pure size only enhanses the experience. As for the handling think heavy Need For Speed influence with maybe a hint of Burnout. Definitely not a game for the people who are simulation master race, more of a fun game for everyone else who just loves driving for the enjoyment. There is nothing more satisfying than logging in with some friends and just cruising across the Rocky Mountains or flying through the Vegas dunes, and thats why this game is so good.As for the bad, there isn't a whole lot. My main complaint would be with the AI being able to hang with you even if your car is rated over double theirs. However this makes the game more challenging, so its not really much of a con. Also the disabiling missions aren't very fun. They are all doable since the AI takes the same path every time, its just annoying the first time you hit them and they have 6 health and you have to chase them for 60 seconds only to love tap them and kill them.Pros:- Great arcade driving feel- Huge world- Cruising with your friends across AmericaCons:- AI rubber bands hard even if you have an insane car- The disabling missions aren't funOverall: 9.5/10Anyone who gives this game less than a 7 missed the point."
,Recommended,241560,13299410,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,-=312th=- yesimjeremy,"So I'll start off with saying that this game was not at all what I expected. The little research I put into the game gave me the impression it was more of a Gran Tourismo/ Forza fell rather than the Need for Speed game that it is. The tuning system is very simple and easy to use. In regards to customizing performance there isn't any adjusting specific specifications. The entire system is based on ""part 4"" is better than ""part 3"" by xxx points. Simple and effective, just not what I expected.The games racing phsyics are probably my biggest complaint. It has a very arcade feel. Say there is a pebble in the road. We'll call it 'bob'. Say you hit bob on a run with your front left tire at +100mph plus. Bob may just nudge you a little bit causing you to have to steer and correct course. Another run you may clip the same bob at 40mph on your rear right and find your vehicle 30ft in the air while spinning like you were shot from a canon. Then your next run bob decides to take your front left tire at 80mph and throw you into a spin where you may travel over 50yards off road before being able to regain control. Now I love my wrecks but some sort of consistency in the games phsyics would be expected of a game title like this.All in all the game is still fun. It even has a ton of acheivments to unlock, plenty of vehicles for your specific taste, visual customizations are abundant also. End game gameplay is fun and they offer various styles of events to enterain your mood what ever it is.I'll keep playing it so look for me in game. Always down for a pvp event."
76561198209706416,Not Recommended,241560,32710036,Posted: 23 June,all,NikeFlops | csgoroll.com,you need to pay real money for half the cars and you have to pay for DLC to even play half the game(the game is pretty much pay to win). Story is boring and lacks depth. If you want to drift in a racing/car game dont buy this game. Only like 15 cars and like 10 bikes that I'm sure no one uses. Only japanese import cars are Nissans. Unnecessary long time to get a new car (800-2000 currency per race and you need 80k-120k for a decent car. 300k-400k for higher end cars). I wish I could refund this game but by the time I made my decision if liked or disliked this game I already had 3 hours of wasted time. Even if you get this game on sale its not worth it. Just buy any Need For Speed or Forza game.
,Not Recommended,241560,34462870,Posted: 24 August,all,Rocketman Max,Has a map of the whole ♥♥♥♥ing United States of America but you can't make a new save to start the game again.Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198139466385,Recommended,241560,22911566,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,DiziHD,good racing  game
,Not Recommended,241560,34000125,Posted: 3 August,all,HIGA2,"Couldnt play for more than a year with the wild run expansion...try diferent things but nothing, after they give away the free copies it started to run again...and thats another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing, I paid for it."
,Recommended,241560,11860376,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Xamthi,"This is more of a first impression review of the game in the first day of the Closed Beta!In short: if you like to customise, an open world game, nice graphics and fun co-op/online this is the game for youPro's:- nice graphics- the handling is smooth (though this is more an opinion, also, expect arcade handling over realism)- various music genres (which i dislike when they stick to one genre, give something for everybody to choose; also, you can change between radio and sountrack in the options (if you want to add drama to your races)).- a HUGE open world driving- very social/competitive: you get constant updates whats going on around you, there are always players nearby- much custom, such wow: you can change appearance of your car (which doesn't affect it's performance). it's nothing in-depth (not sure if it will come in the final release) but there is plenty to choose from to make the car look like you want it to look.Cons:- buggy sometimes (i encounter some slight freeze (for 5s) when a race enters and i get swapped to the next screen))- (not really a con, but quite strange) the need for uplay (which loads quite easily together with the game)"
,Not Recommended,241560,14154949,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Rev,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing wretched. I picked it up thinking it was a steal, with dreams of the old need for speed days in my head. First off, I expected some huge expansive enviroment. There are invisible ♥♥♥♥ing walls sectioning off all of the cool places, the cities are generic and small, and burning out in a cornfield is only fun for like 5 minutes.The story line is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. Youre some weird♥♥♥♥♥ex-racer turned narc trying to avenge your ♥♥♥♥ing juice head brother and it doesnt even make sense. You have this weird ♥♥♥♥♥ who keeps ♥♥♥♥ing calling you all the time, even when your free roaming you hear her goddamn voice; ""DID YOU KNOW YOU CAN INVITE YOU FRIENDS! YOU SHOULD GO DO YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING MISSION!"" SHUT THE ♥♥♥♥ UP YOU STUPID ♥♥♥♥♥ I HATE YOUR VOICE AND I DONT WANT TO DO A ♥♥♥♥ING MISSION!The handling feels like a ♥♥♥♥ing dead donkey's being dragged around by a snowplow. All cars feel like they came out of GTA IV. Like somebody spread butter all over the roads and squirted honey all over your wheels.The physics are♥♥♥♥♥♥and your car often glitches. This is really common, like, your car will teleport 10 feet when you hit a tree.They also try to rip off the cool burnout crash scenes, but the only cosmetic change that can happen to your car is the ♥♥♥♥ing bumper pops off. So you have to endure a 10 second scene of your ♥♥♥♥ing bumper popping off. Its so anticlimactic it cringes me out.The real nail in the ♥♥♥♥ing coffin for me was the goddamn online. Its literally broken. ♥♥♥♥ UPLAY ♥♥♥♥ UPLAY ♥♥♥♥ YOUPLAY!MMO MY♥♥♥♥♥I cannot join my friend. We bought it together and I cannot join him no matter what. If we get real ♥♥♥♥ing lucky and get in a crew, one of us will DC right away. Its ♥♥♥♥ing broken.My favourite part is that when im trying to join him my personal helpful little ♥♥♥♥♥ narrator will remind me I can join my friends games.Just for the love of god, dont by this utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ive never written a  review before,  but I just had to after that aweful experience. This game is worth 5 dollars max, and it still wouldnt be fun.♥♥♥♥ ubisoft, ♥♥♥♥ uplay, ♥♥♥♥ the crew."
,Not Recommended,241560,28859062,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,backhandkill,"Game is amazing so far. It's a good 4/5. But there is one very important thing you need to know. If you don't wanna buy the dlc, don't buy the game. My friend told me to buy the crew, after me saying I don't want to. He told me it was amazing and should play it. So I decided to play the base game. I didn't plan on buying dlc. And here is what happensIf you don't buy the calling all units dlc, a character in the game will remind you ever 2 mintes in the free driving mode. You go the place, and yes, the car is technically free, but to get it, you have to pay for the dlc. Most expensive car i paid for in a game, and they told me it was free.If you do plan on buying dlc, I do reccomened. But I feel like they did this just so people buy the dlc. It worked on me, so good job, but it's a huge d*** move."
,Not Recommended,241560,13233942,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Zozerozos,"I really want to love this game, I really do.But I'm just not feeling The Crew, on paper, this game seems amazing, maybe even one of the best racing games ever made. The idea is revolutionary.Too bad the gameplay is sub-par.The car handeling is just about the worst I've personally seen. Maybe I'm just used to the NFS/GRID series, I don't know. The cars just seem so weird, you either oversteer or understeer 75% of the time, I just don't feel it.The idea for a ""Racing MMO"" is fantastic. Sadly, I can't really take advantage of it, since I don't have any friends that currently own the game, I'm sure it's probably very fun with a few buddies.Just playing by myself, I got bored very quickly.In my opinion, this game has one of the worst prolouges I've ever played. The story itself isn't very original either.This game has/had a ton of potential, but I just don't see it at the moment. I'll try it out on the Xbox One.4/10"
,Recommended,241560,11880011,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,FatalRoots,"I Normaly Give up Quick on Racing game but this game is def one of the best i have play this year. The game is Similar to Test Drive Unlimited but better imo.Driving is fun and enjoyableMap is Huge and vary.Alots of car and Customisation, The Skills tree and the way you win better parts with Bronze/Silver/gold challenge is a good idea.what i like the most is about that you can modify you car into a rally car and switch back to a street car with the same car model well.. this worth the 60 Bucks Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561198075372694,Not Recommended,241560,13777987,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BDC,"not a realy good racing game1 its gets boring after the first 10 races2 you have to get first place every race in campaign to proceed. it just gets frustrating when you lose and dont get in exp at all3 not a lot of cars to drive4 a lot of people say that the driving physics does not feel real  i agree5 it seems that everyone can drive fast and take better turns than you can even tho you have a better car6 i have not found a way to compare cars stats efficiently ( side by side )7 if they are going to do a open world racing game dont do it half♥♥♥♥♥ LA dois not look like LA ,CA dois not look like CA lake tahoe is not to size, Los Vegas also dois not look real, at lest to me it doesn't"
,Recommended,241560,13299649,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Deranger[FI],"Big Game industry is full of hype. Don't believe what you see on the trailers, I tell ya! (..at least that's true in most cases)It's harder to know these days if the game is good or not. Many people get amped up by the hype of salesmans and their trailers with awesome music, superb graphics (which in many games  are from cutscenes and no actual gameplay) and all that stuff. Emotions sell. That has made me think a lot harder on what games to invest in.I thought about buying this game a couple of days, during which, I watched a lot of youtube early access videos, read some reviews and so on. And finally decided to buy it. I'm now very happy I did.Many times with big releases, there comes the feeling of money gone to waste. Not in this case. THIS GAME is, simply put, AWESOME!!Actually I can honestly say that it's the best racing game I've ever played. I really can't compare it to the good old racing games, because it's been so long. I was a hardcore carmageddon fan back when it was the new hot stuff. Also need for speed since the first game of the series, and enjoyed them very much with maybe one or two exceptions of the NFS series later releases. I also liked Flatout 1&2 very much and Gran Turismo 5 was my the only racing game on PS3 I played a lot. And thought bugbears new Next Car Game on PC looks good, it seems to be pretty much same the formula then Flatout2, just with minor upgrades and graphics upgraded ofc - nothing this major as we see on The Crew.I'm listing these just so that you know, what I'm rating this against, and what kind of driving games I usually enjoy.I haven't bumbed to games like that in a looong time and was starting to worry that they're gone extinct. Luckily my fears were unjustified. The Crew really delivers!The part I've read some critique is the phrase ""never drive alone"". Well, yeah, it's kinda true. There are lots of people online, but the time I've played, only one dude crewed up for a race without me asking first. But since I haven't been looking to form a crew yet, can't really complain about that.And I must say that the time flies with this game even if you play solo races. go exploring or just enjoy driving and leveling up. Also, it probably the launch is effecting to that too because I'd think that lots of people are busy leveling up their rides and exploring. And of course, people come and go and play at different times, on different timezone and so on.If you have 1-3 friends, who enjoy racing games and play a lot at similar times then you do, then think no further. I can't imagine how much fun this game can be if you play it with 1-3 IRL friends, with teamspeak ofc.Another thing, the world is HUGE. Also the terrain is done very well. Mountains feel like mountains. There are lots of racing tracks, like the legendary Pike's peak, some oval tracks and one of my favorite from Gran Turismo: Mazda's Laguna Seca raceway! And many others. You can naturally also go check Death Valley, Niagara Falls, Grand Canyon and so on.I've explored maybe 1/5 of the map in 12 hours, and I've done a lot of exploring during that time. If you think you might enjoy driving from coast to coast, it's going to take a long time to drive. Luckily there is an option to drop in at locations you've already been. Also it's possible to just take a plane and from NY to Las Vegas, and you're instantly teleported to the airport, if you don't care for joyriding cross the country.During the 12 hours I've played so far, the negative can be pretty much summed to the following:-Uplay.-3-4 server disconnects during 12 hours gameplay. But if they fix this, I think it's acceptable during the early stages. The server load must be huge. But still, it's a minus because company like Ubisoft should have the resources to host the game. Better to have some extra capacity going to waste during launch, then the other way around.-Uplay. I hate the fact that I have to run steam and Uplay at the same time-Some very minor bugs, that really haven't effected the gameplay, for me at least. The guide thingy that shows you where the waypoint is pointing, doesn't always follow the road. This happens rarely though and only with custom map markers. I also have to note that this has happened only couple times during my gameplay, and it's a very minor thing. I hope they fix it though.-Uplay. Steam doesn't show the people I've played with on uplay ofc, and every steam friend probably has different nickname on uplay. Makes connecting more complicated.-The cars feel a bit rigid/stiff and slow at start, but once you get to lvl10 or so - you'll get there fast - they start to show some character. 12 hours in and I'm near lvl20 though I've done lots of exploring. I would guess that the leveling gets slower though, when you get to higher levels.-Season pass/DLC. But this time it feels that I will be getting something for the money, unlike watch dogs for example. I of course don't like to spend 20€ for 12 cars and a bit of content, but as an OVERALL, I think this game is worth the combined price of the game + the season pass. And I can't think of another Ubisoft game I could say the same.-Car damage could have been done better, in my opinion. I don't know if it's me, but if you crash a car to a brick wall @ 300+ km/h, something should happen (other then the cosmetic fender flying off, and then we go again). Stuff that happened in Flatout2 for example. Wheels flying. Cars being torn apart. Driver flying through the window. That kind of stuff. Or something towards that. That's how I feel about this, others might disagree since it is more towards arcade game. Still, maybe they could have implemented a toggle switch for that for those players who want more car damage.-Cop cars sometimes way too overpowered. they will catch you with their normal cars weather you're driving on road or on corn field. Sometimes this makes very nice getaway races though, but more then half ot the time it's a bit ridiculous when you're going 280km/h and your car is like a huge magnet for cop car(s) to ram into.CONCLUSION: 9/10 (might change this as I get more time into the game, but for now)AFTERTHOUGHTS:Me being on steam for years, and this being the first review I've ever written should say something of this game.But to be absolutely clear: If you have ever liked racing games like NFS series, Flatout and racing in general and have the hardware to run this game, definitely buy this one. I was positively suprised how well my PC runs this game (a single GTX770,  Phenom II X4 940BE (3.5Ghz) cpu and 8gb RAM). And the settings are pretty high.PS. Sorry for typos and spelling errors, english not being my native language."
,Not Recommended,241560,23904493,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,z4v3k,"+ cruising around on a big map can be fun with some ppl+ theres a ski jumping hill that you can jump off :)- only 7 players at any given time in this MMO racing game- bad sound design, NFS most wanted 2005 has better sound, alot of the sound is just recycled ( dodge viper, chevrolet camaro, ford mustang or gt have all the same engine sound )- at first it had graphics like NFS pro street, now they updated it and it looks almost like grid 2- bad singleplayer, it just booring- multiplayer is chaos, the players are constantly lagging around, so you cant have collision on cuz you will get hit everytime- the map is too big, empty and nothing to do in it ( it should be smaller, so they can ramp up the graphics )- theres no weight to the handling feels like playing a toy car"
,Not Recommended,241560,17219542,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Fox,"Boring, braindead game.This game becomes extremely trivial once you upgrade your vehicle at least +50 from race requirement, and this isn't hard to do.Game can be completed with just your starter vehicle, there's hardly any incentive to buy  a new vehicle unless it's something that catches your eyes (and you can afford it) or its practical and covers all 5 Upgrades.You do not get a great sum of cash income at all. I've spent probably $4k (Crew Bucks) in total for cosmetic items like paint, bumpers and rims. By the time I finished the game I had 300K. Which can barely get you♥♥♥♥♥♥all.The Crew can easily be completed around 14Hrs if you just tunnel vision your way through story mode - While upgrading your vehicle on the go. Getting to max level (50) took me around about 10hrs. The Crew's story it self was trash. It's not interesting it makes barely any sense and it's really not worth paying attention to at all. You'll often be questioning the choices made by writers who wrote the story.The game does showcase key-parts to cities well, it isn't exactly to real size, however it does take in the important parts to places within USA.Performance wise, it ran well on my PC on high and with 60FPS cap on (Note you can apply this within game setting - initial install its locked on 30FPS). Sometimes frames dipped within motion blur and unnecessary police red. blue light flashing on border of screen, but majority of the time i had a solid 60.Honestly this game is decent at best, if you want a braindead game that can be slightly enjoyable and relaxing at times. But you will get bored easily.Main reasons i pressed No to recommend game as it felt incredibly empty, boring and overall did not fill my expectations when I saw trailer for this ages back. You will 90% time be on your own and rarely EVER come across anyone online. IF you ARE keen on buying this though, do recommend buying on sale - not at full price."
,Recommended,241560,13246521,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Pickerd,"Im extremely impressed and having a ton of fun. It's an arcadey, HUGE drving game with a ton of content and exploration. Think Need for Speed Underground 2 as an online game, and with a dozen or so more large cities, plus huge amounts of countryside, and races that can tank literally seconds (jump events) or hours. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, hours. There is some rally events that can go upwards of 2 to 3 hours long.Graphics wont blow your mind, but its a small sacrifice for the sheer size of the game world, which has no loads btw. Runs smooth as hell for me and no lag yet. All in all I highly reccommend."
76561198028742612,Not Recommended,241560,17104065,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,JahMonRasta,"This game panders to anyone who has never played a racing game in their life. Super arcade style physics. Like more arcade feeling than Need for Speed. You can be going 200+ miles an hour and handbrake drift around a 90 degree corner with great ease. Worse than that, hitting the wall and other players in corners actually makes you go FASTER than traditional braking. All the cars feel the same and have very similiar, if not identical handling. The handling of cars is very boring. They all feel like I am piloting a hovercraft that has better side to side movement rather than a car that takes turns and corners in lines. The controls are unresponsive to a point of feeling like a beta free-to-play game. The graphics look like they were built on an engine about 7 years old. The music is all whiney and or emo sounding alternative rock. The user base is very rude and anti-social. The story line is uttelry absurd and stolen from Need for Speed ""Most Wanted"". Unlocking items and upgrades for your car requires entirely too much time and effort. If the person you are racing crashes into traffic or rams into a corner it doesen't matter because they just use NOS to get back to speed. The game has a very juvenile vibe in general.The only saving throw this game has is a large open world to explore."
,Not Recommended,241560,23124896,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jivec,Good looking game but its very simple to what it is. Just driving a car and racing.But if you are into that stuff you might like it but its my opinion that this game isnt worth the money and i was impulsive to buy it.But my travler we all have our own opinion dont we?Good luck to you.
,Not Recommended,241560,23118468,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mariekeletje,I have the season pass but i didnt get the DLC Wild run. It's ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Season pass doesn't mean anything
,Recommended,241560,22785835,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,h0ppin,"-buy this on sale-friends get it-one buys wild run edition-can't play with him-r.i.p. ded-have to pay $20 more-grinded until lamborghini mercy-nothing to do after lamborghini mercy-gg, would play again"
,Recommended,241560,29116709,Posted: 8 January,all,DuckFace™,It's kinda Car'ish
76561198091483983,Recommended,241560,13930450,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Narcutica,Good Game
,Not Recommended,241560,25638909,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Cereza,"I bought this game on sale expecting it to be similar to Test Drive Unlimited 2. The open world is indeed interesting, but all the other elements didn't impress me at all. The story was generic and I found myself bored in no time. All the cars handled very similarly. Didn't like the multiplayer either. Last time I've played this game I've searched for a PvP lobby for about 5 minutes and then I was presented with 3 other players all of which had upgraded cars and I've had no chance to win at all. No wonder Ubisoft are giving the game away for free for the whole month right now, the community is almost dead. I wouldn't recommend to buy this game, get it for free while you can if you want to check it out."
,Recommended,241560,13262840,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,syafiqyahya,"As usual there are pros and cons in this game.Pros:- Good looking graphic- Very detailed environment and cars (the environment feels alive, even if you set it on low)- Great game mechanism (leveling up)- Very optimized game engine- Good on steering wheel (Logitech Driving Force GT)Cons:- Not good on controller and keyboard (i thought this is an arcade game?)- Difficulty is a bit tough especially on the hit and run type of mission (not enjoying, more to stress)- You can't change difficulty- Some issues with connection, during car selection on the board the screen will freeze and lost connection (happened to me for now)(edit) - If you have max your level which is on level 50, you will not received any skill points. Instead you have to buy using crew credits (cc) if you don't have cc you need to buy it using real money. This is stupid.- The prize money you received in game is very little in amount, so you have to wait longer to buy lamborghini or ferrari but if you're impatient you have the option to buy crew credits in order to buy cars without waiting (to me this is a little bit unfair, because people have already paid for the game and you need to pay more in order to buy cars in-game because some people could not afford to buy the crew credits because they have spend it on the game itself)Overall verdict:I recommend this game to those who like cars and exploration type of game. Who enjoys playing with friends and strangers, competitive driving and enjoy site seeing in their dream car on a virtual world. The issue for me is that, the difficulty for this type of game is kinda difficult. It is suppose to be an arcade game, people supposed to enjoy not stress when doing story line missions (especially during the hit and run mission). The fact that you can't change the difficulty is stupid to me. It reminds me of Midnight Club Los Angeles, how hard it is to win races, you have to be focus and not able to enjoy it. It put my stress level high.The next thing is that you can't control the car properly on a straight line if you use controller or keyboard, it is utterly impossible to corner and keeping the car on a straight line. This is an arcade game, ivory tower should make the car controllable on any gaming peripherals (keyboards, controllers and steering wheels). I hope that they fix the control issue and also the difficulty settings, let the customer or user choose their own settings.(Edit) this is my second thoughts on this game 6/10 for me. I hate the internet connection issues. #0_24, #0_34, #0_1..i mean what the?. They should have fix these problems before launching the game. Apart these issues i have no problem."
,Recommended,241560,30730462,Posted: 25 March,all,awe88some[AMG],V12 PULL UP DEADASS SKRRRRRRT SKRRRRT.
,Recommended,241560,13193522,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Tusko,its aight
,Recommended,241560,13243290,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Byr,"ThinkNeed for Speed: Most Wantedcombined withFuel. ThinkTest Drive Unlimitedcombined withDriver: San Francisco. ThinkNeed for Speed: Worldcombined withBurnout Paradise. Think…ehh, you get the point. If any of the games I’ve listed so far tickle your fancy, or even combinations of them, thenThe Crewmight be for you.The game has its quirks and its rough patches, but it is generally an alright game. The story is bland, the graphics could be a smidge better, the car handling takes time to get used to, and the claim that it’s an MMO is kind of false. I’m not saying the graphics are bad, they just have their moments of making me say “that could look better.”The car handling, at least for a 'keyboard racer,' works but feels somewhat odd. I've yet to tryThe Crewwith a controller or steering wheel. At times I feel like I'm not in complete control of the car. Playing with all the assists off just made the game harder, not so much more enjoyable. I now play with all assists on because I'm already tapping the left and right arrow keys twenty times per second. Vehicle collision bugs me. Sometimes you'll tap a wall or car and bounce off unharmed. Other times you'll nudge the same entity and do a full 180 and come to a screeching halt. The AI of the other racers and police are painfully scripted. Cops have near infinite acceleration and top speed at times. Opponent racers haul♥♥♥♥♥off the line leaving you in the dust for a bit. And towards the end of a race, the AI ""gets tired"" and basically coasts for the remainder of the race, allowing you to finish first almost every time.CallingThe Crewan MMO is incorrect. The roads aren’t full of other players. In fact, they’re almost completely void of other players.The Crewonly ever boasts 8 players on the same map at once. If you’ve played other multiplayer racing games, I’m sure you’re used to the whole “drop-in, drop-out” system. Regardless, for most of the time I’ve playedThe Crew, I’ve generally been either completely alone in my own world or only paired with 1 or 2 other players. Players can invite others to do missions with them, but I’ve only ever received a handful of invites. It seems that withThe Crewyou either have friends to drive with or you don’t. But then again, I didn't buy it to mindlessly hang out with other players and talk smack about their iridescent paint jobs.But besides this, I find myself compelled to keep playing.The Crewcombines open-world racing with some RPG elements. Grinding XP, car parts, and money is there. Oh, and numbers.So many numbers.The sheer amount of digits littering your screen upon completion of a challenge, race, or mission is a bit daunting. But as you do missions, you’ll level up your general level, as well as your car’s level.Thus, more numbers.Needless to say, I likeThe Crew. I’m sure not everyone will enjoy it. It definitely sets itself apart from other racing games, at least a little. I’m a fan of the customization, the leveling, the open-world, and the numbers (oh baby the numbers). It’s a game to keep an eye on to see where it goes, or maybe even what games spawn because of it and its ancestors. And if you still have a vendetta againstUbisoftafter their previous releases,as in 99% of the people reading this,just know that this game actually works...though you will have to suffer because of the UPlay integration."
76561198086407430,Recommended,241560,13293289,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Random Chance,"8/10-This is  a  pretty good game, could be inproved on, of course.the good-good storyline-exciting, and very entertaining-cars look awesome-love the wildlife-the map omg its hugethe bad-Colisions are sometimes way overboard, i have been thrown like 30-50 ft in the air a few times now.-Collision Cut scene is very anoying and sometimes unnecessary.-cars parked on the side of the road look different from the ones drivingthe ugly-what no canada?-pvp, pve faction racing. finding plsayers 2-5 minutes then 3-10 minutes in lobby"
,Recommended,241560,23744431,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,J.,"Honestly I don't know what's all this hate for. Most of the people who reviewed this game either played 0.0000001 hours or didn't even bother solving the launch crash issue. If you actually spend a good 10 minutes searching for answers about your problems with the game, and follow the steps you are provided in posts about these issues it will run perfect, but guess that's too hard for ya.So now for the game review and not the stupid toxic community review:The map is massive, the variety of cars is very good and the customisation is amazing as well. Story mode is enjoyable but definitely not the best, but the map and online compensates for it. Graphics are very good considering the size of the map, though I think the weather changes way too often and and there's rain every 10 minutes. I personally like the physics though I'm not gonna touch on them because it depends on the type of physics you like. The game has a good photo mode and very good places for taking photos.So, do I recommend this game? Depends on the person you are, fortunately there is a demo, so you can see if you like the physics, graphics and if the game runs smoothly. The crew has three versions:Normal-29.99€Wild run edition-29.99€Complete edition-49.99€(it has all the dlcs)If you are debating on witch to get, get the wild run edition(if you are on a budget)  or the complete idition. Obviously you can wait for a sale to come, so when there's a sale definitely get the complete edition!Hope you found this useful!P.s(don't look at my hours, this is on my second account)"
,Recommended,241560,11910684,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,DJ_Trollin,"This game I have to say is one of the best and most anticipated racing games I've come across thus far. It's nothing like iRacing or Assetto Corsa as in a simulation. This is a Need For Speed Underground 3 with a massive open world driving experience. The car customization is impressive. I started off with a Nissan and finished with a Ford Focus fully tuned with street and dirt specs. Doing challenges was a blast, reminds me of the old Trackmania days competing for a better score/time. Physics are great too. The better the parts you get make a noticable difference in the handling of the car. Not to mention the perks you get as you progress through the campaign. Racing with friends was a blast. The 4 of us beat the campaign, got our dirt tuned vehicles and went cross country up and over hills and into canyons. Traveling from Florida to Washington. From NY to LA. Took quite some time even doing 180+ most of the time with a few crashes. We ran into multiple players and ran them off the road (They were pretyty slow) xD The cosmetics are amazing. Back when NFSUG2 was the game to play, this is the baby of that. A big baby though. Years of research and development going into a large massive MMO racing game that has topped my expectations."
,Recommended,241560,13298493,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,and his gorgeous Nipples,"The Crew is one of the most amazing racing games I have ever played the massive open world is just awesome and there is lots of stuff to explore. But once you reach level 50 and you played through the story it gets pretty boring, there are still faction mission and pvp but honestly it gets boring after a few races. But well it's still an awesome racing game and you can have hours of fun and if you don't rush through the campaign it will be fun much longer."
76561198067420444,Not Recommended,241560,30753143,Posted: 26 March,all,Von-Rad,Game Crashes everytime!
76561198084841887,Recommended,241560,13290497,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Bender Rodriguez -F1AK-,"Do I recommend this game?Yes, I had a lot of fun playing itWould I pay full price for it?No, wait until it's on sale. It's good and I enjoyed it, but not that much.Note: It's an arcade style game so I've judged it accordingly. IMO a lot of people are judging the car physics and handling etc like they would for simulators, but it is an arcade game so judge it on it's merits. For an arcade style game I think it does really well.Pros:- Fun single player: Combined the typical ""Need for Speed"" storyline elements with the GTA style open world roaming allowing you to pick and choose your missions- Co-op can be done on any missions, you can do everything on your own or with friends, you don't need to be alone for some missions or with friends for others- Graphics are great- Haven't encountered ANY issues with the game at all- Hidden cars are found by exploration and unlocking areas of the map, not just winning races and earning moneyCons:- Story Mode isn't very long, I've finished it in 18 hours and I didn't use quick travel at all so spent quite a long time driving to some missions- Limited selection of cars, possibly because they decided to make DLC but would've been better if they were available as part of the core game- Not many ""customisation options"" at all: This is for both car customisation and audio/graphics/display settings etc. There's really not that much at all compared to other PC games out there- Limited replayability: There are some bonus missions and ""skills""  and stuff for completionists to do but other than multiplayer with friends and a few longer missions, there's nothing really to do after you finish the game until more missions are released with the upcoming DLC next year, assuming you buy itOverall, I had fun playing it and would recommend you buy it too if you've enjoyed Need for Speed/Burnout style games in the past, then you'll likely enjoy this too. I would however wait until it is cheaper before purchasing it."
,Recommended,241560,13304294,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Djigivara,"I love this game, places to discovre,  the U.S.A. to visite, everythink it s ok, this game it s excellent game  there many things to do missions and and and mutch more. I realy Enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,241560,34451383,Posted: 23 August,all,CONNORJ177,"Absolute garbage. Game is too short, glitchy and just not fun. The ai are either idoits of freakin F1 drivers and currency is hard to come by. The car customization is decent, but the actual nice cars are purchased with other currency. STUPIDDO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,241560,33093841,Posted: 1 July,all,MEGA,"I do not reccoment this game. I went in, expecting somewhat of a forza horizion-like experience from all the trailers, but I was EXTREMELY dissapointed.For starters, all of the dlc.Bought the game? Great!Now buy our season pass.And the DLC. (Which doesn't come with the season pass.)and some cars that aren't in either of those.Done wasting money? Good, let's drive.The driving in this game leaves much to be desired. Responsive handling, for one.I can say that NFS 2015 had better and more realistic handling compared to this game, and if you've played that,you know what I mean. It's BAD. like, I prefer My Summer Car.  (Go try it, fun.)The game is story driven, as long as you only watch the (few) cutscenes, and ignore the completely unrelated gamepley.(It's almost like they threw the story in as an afterthought?) Very sad, low effort.The map is quite large, yes, but it is VERY buggy. Lots of errors in the development, many glitches.Lots of potential for ruined gameplay, aside from starting the game.Do you want to be angry, sad, dissapointed, and make a refunded return within 15 minutes of starting the game?Good!The Crew is for you!"
,Recommended,241560,13221177,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Yaphes,完美的赛车游戏。有一整个美国供你探索，虽然肯定会有大量的缩减，毕竟才14G。但是现有的地图仍是我玩过的赛车游戏里面最大的。如果你没有X1，但是又想玩Forza Horizon 2.。那么毫无疑问这款游戏绝对是你的最佳之选。玩了8个小时了还在底特律城转悠。大量的任务，优秀的合作模式，排行榜，各种地标建筑，即使作为旅游指南都足够。一切的一切都让你不自觉投入大量时间。城市的刻画也非常到位，可以看到人，还有消防车，卡车，火车，总之地图做的非常精致。，比欧卡2丰富太多。当然两者本身投资肯定也不能比。。极其丰富的改车系统，虽然目前似乎只有10辆车提供给你改。不过每辆车都可以改成多种类型，以适应不同的赛事和跑道。新车型可能会在DLC里面再出，我已经有想买季票的冲动了！！剧情简单明了，作为赛车游戏已经算是描写最好的剧情了。担心UBISOFT服务器的同志们，反正我到现在就掉过一次线，能看到大量的其他玩家。至于别人愿不愿意和你COOP就是另外一回事了。。我到目前为止COOP过三次。。总之，目前来说这60刀花的非常值。还有大量优点需要你自己去感受了。我也说不完。。9.5/10.。0.5分扣给画面。。只能说这画面中等，算不上次时代的感觉。。不过大概画面上去优化又渣了。_(:з」∠)_。。所以这样也好，反正我一直车内视角。。
,Not Recommended,241560,13484082,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Terroch,"Pick this game up if you want a terrible physics engine, apalling car control, no real custimization, and an orgy of bugs and errors that the Q&A team missed. Way to go Ubisoft, you've made another terrible game and you will never get my money again."
,Recommended,241560,13213939,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ghostface,"First part is for the people who are afraid of the crew because of ubisoft glitches, well...the online servers are functioning, and stable. When you’re driving, you don’t fall through the world or you don’t see cars convulsing under the will of a borked physics model.And the game is a unique racing MMORPG like none other,the whole of North America is in the game, gorgous, and varied open world to explore.A lot of players everywhere.Every story mission can be played co-op,nice PvP. Lots of different and varied missions/quests all over. Since it is a mmo and a racing game surprisingly it has a decent story. Tons of things to level up and customzie.There are specs for everyone as well(Street,Dirt(rally),Perf,Raid(off-road),Circuit)."
,Recommended,241560,13245624,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,a hobo,"Ok, so, imagine a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥stain on the carpet,'dammit' you think, thats never comming out.So you try to clean it, but it never totally goes away, there is a constant wiff of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it looks terrible.You spend months living with it, and although it is a nice carpet, that♥♥♥♥♥♥stain is still there, ruining you nice carpet.So after a while, you buy a new carpet, and all is good, no more smell, no more stain, no more worries.So then you get in your car and drive very quickly around Americanot sure how this relates to the crew, but yea.10/10 would buy new carpet again."
76561198012300365,Not Recommended,241560,13232208,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,RepoSnow,"Its not an MMO since only 7 people can play with you at the same time.The police are faster than they should be- using boost doesnt do anything when trying to escape.In missions where you have to destroy another car they're faster than you are.You're forced to use a specific class of car for each mission.There are only a few cars that can be used for each of the car classes.Its a good game- the physics are pretty good, graphics aren't bad, and the map is immense but it isn't an mmo, the cops are faster than they should be, and you have limited freedom in choosing which car's to use for each mission."
,Recommended,241560,13248368,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,korbi❤Angel,"I've been looking for a racing game for PC for ages now. I've played most of the newest- attractive - racing games and honestly, I'm addicted.Grid Autosport was the most recent release that actually got me interested. I like the ""Circuit"" type of racing cause it reminds me of Gran Turismo 5, which I played for hours on end.I've bought Asseto Corsa, Grid 2, dropped $30 on RaceRoom Racing Experience, and nothing.Nothing caught my eye - I missed the Gran Turismo 5 style of racing game. Winning races, getting money, and then doing what YOU want with that money. Its the best system.A lot of racing games now are rewarded types where you win a certain amount of races and then it awards you with cars, which was frustrating.I doubted this game... a lot. I thought it was going to be a buggy, disgusting visuals, pay $60 for junk type of game... you know, like a lot of PC release titles recently.I watched a few videos and I decided to give it out, wanted to see how big the world is and such.I played 7 hours straight on release day.No crashesNo disconnectsNo bugs (That I've seen)This game is POLISHED. I LOVE IT. The world is absolutely massive and it never forces you to do certain things. I got my Skyline and drove from NY to LA, then to Miami. Not being forced to do tasks.It's perfect, being able to see other players, there car, seeing players FLY down street, drift, hit♥♥♥♥♥♥ its great. The campaign is long too, which is also great! It helps you become more attached to your car, and to save up for upgrades and for a new car. It keeps you interested, and for once, I actually feel like I'm playing a story. I mean really, a lot of games out there are too short to remember. 14-20 hr games? ... Typical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I've been playing the main story for hours on end and I dont feel remotely close to the end.When you have a game with a longer story, you become more involved in absolutely everything. I havent played a good game in a while that has a story thats long enough for me to immerse myself in it. Im not saying that this game has the best story, but it definitely beats A LOT of recent titles. Just because of its length, and how that length makes you become more involved with the story. A huge plus from what I've experienced.Graphics are awesome, they really are. The game runs INSANELY smooth on my SC GTX 780 and i5 3570K @3.4 GHZ. A lot of releases lately have had fps drops here and there even when there stable.I havent gotten one frame under 60 fps yet, even with the 60 fps lock on. Brilliant (Also because it looks better then a lot of recent games too)If you love cars and want to do what you want with them, get this game, it is ABSOLUTELY worth the $60.And don't go on metacritic for this for PC, its a bunch of winey PC Gamers that are constantly looking for an AMAZING game to come.Sorry, not happening. It may not be perfect, but its one of the very few games this year that has gotten my attention and has hooked me. Cant stop playing.10/10 - Racing games should be more like this and less like Grid and free games."
,Recommended,241560,16066730,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Fjusk3n,i cant connect to oline what is rong
76561198144890382,Not Recommended,241560,28114795,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,shishir05lele,"Constant crashing,infinite loading and tons of other issues after the calling all units update"
76561198105769491,Recommended,241560,13294724,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Kill_Yourse1f,"Я ожидал от игры лучшего, Начнем с того, что физики нет нарочь и ты летаешь как муха в закрытой комнате. А про миникупер который ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ гоняет чуть ли не быстрее всего в игре я вообще молчу (думаю многие поймут). Что касается графики так в этом плане меня все устраивает (не графо♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥). В общем, если у вас есть лишние 1300 то берите особенно если вы ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ нфс 7/10 и это лишь за саундтреки :)"
,Not Recommended,241560,13248131,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Reshi,It is such a halfassed game.
76561198164527454,Recommended,241560,17032275,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Braut,"As an online arcade racer - this is fairly good. Not 'wow', but its worth buying on sale.As there are different specs (Street, Dirt, Raid, Performance and Circuit), the game covers more of the important ground of racing imo. People who love dirt and mountain climbs will like it, people who are just innit for the thrill of driving the fastest car down the highway will like it, and of course you have that 'standard' city race where the Mini's and Golf's are agile options.There's also abit of fun with the customization part with rims, colors, decals, bumpers - you name it.The downside is the physics where its almost impossible to land on the roof for instance. Or you just fly sky high hitting a rock at 10 km/h.Are you a racing-fan, then this is a game thats worth buying (wait for it to come on sale if you can), just for the sole purpose of the pvp-part. Actually, the singleplayer-story isnt that bad either.Conclusion - racingfan? Yes.Not a racingfan? Dont."
,Not Recommended,241560,14936320,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,freddy,meet hundreds of players they said  go aginst other crews they said  lol all bull♥♥♥♥♥♥lies is what they said     oh and if you enjoy just driving the country well it wont be all that great  cus of all the challenges they stuck in the middle of the roads making it a pain to just drive around while going fast and exploring the roads no u cant do that  you must do challenges  there is no option to turn them off and besides ull never see more than 6-8 ppl  at a time and ull normally be with  AFK or random far off players not in the direction u need to go anyway dont waste ur coin on this crap
,Not Recommended,241560,21190891,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ShewtMan,"Servers down = no play, anything to do with connection = no play.... the trailer is real misleading to the actual playing of the game, same with the lackluster police chases trying to feel like hot pursuit.... Real sick of your sht ubisoft."
76561198111793846,Recommended,241560,16688885,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,yaska.p,Cool
,Recommended,241560,17131751,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,InDk,"The Crew is by far the best racing/free roam car game I have played in a long time. It's basically a Driver type game with more options and rpg (car mods, perks ect.) elements. You play as Alex, a racer who looks up to his older brother who's in a car club called the 510's. Anyway, some stuff goes down (not going to spoil anything) and you end up going to prison. You end up meeting an FBI agent who offers you a proposal you just can't refuse. From there, the game starts and let me tell you, I've been having a BLAST. The map on this game is HUGE! It took me 35 minutes to drive from NY, NY to L.A. That's insane if you ask me. This game offers tons of racing optoins as well. If you get bored with street, mod your car to race around in the dirt. The game is on sale right now and I would reccomend this to anyone who loves racing games!"
,Recommended,241560,17134046,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,RysixZ,Good
,Recommended,241560,17134201,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Steel Demon,"If you love racing games with huge environment, get this game. And also, if you know that you need progression to have your handling get better, get this game. At first I understand why my car slips away but then through some hours of achieving rewards and installing some parts, I can see improvements on the car. Very good support too on Xbox 360 controller which makes it sufficient enough. And I love drifting so, cars that power slides, it pleases me."
,Recommended,241560,13624671,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TheMComm,"Great game to play, driving in the game while inside of the car is exceptional to the game play, great game overall!"
,Recommended,241560,16260289,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,lexa who?,great game that has gotten a lot better over time. if youre a fan of action driving you might wanna give this one a try.
,Recommended,241560,27720422,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Peti,Love it.
,Not Recommended,241560,28107283,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,neobludragon | Farmskins.com,"Bought it, returned it, got a free copy.Still won't play it.Really don't know how anyone can defend this garbage."
,Recommended,241560,15073633,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,NaClKid,"An amazing game, beautiful for racing and free roaming but being Ubisoft it is over animated, you wouldn't expect any less with their assassin's creed history, would you? Still, a brilliant game & brilliant cut-out-scenes. The glitches do need to be fixed though, no matter what graphics card/processor you have you will always have lag due to the over-animation. I would still reccomend this game. 8/10"
76561198016138470,Recommended,241560,30778159,Posted: 27 March,all,engineer,"it good game lots cars pick and drive any were join in fun with other u don't need have any friends as people let join in races easy level up cars, game engine sound need bit work i working on that part as unpack all sounds, better nfs and dirt as upgrade car and do skin for them as do dirt but more open world lot fun."
,Not Recommended,241560,14656704,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,naeL gnuY,This is the stupidest game ive ever played npc = god
,Recommended,241560,13385300,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Napster,"This is a great game, but please don't try to compare. It is FANTASTIC when using a ps3 controller. (You will have to use Better DS3)"
,Recommended,241560,13610301,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Snullemeister Seb Vseberin02,Potato!
,Not Recommended,241560,23423487,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,MiscOne,"The Game itself isnt bad or ugly just the AI is Cheating, if you hit something then youre out of the race, if the AI Crash they in 10 seconds behind you and fighting for the pole position. Second what rly bad is, is the randomnes. You are fighting with youre friends for the scoreboard competitions, no chance until you are happy and the traffic plays well for you or you dont have bad luck and a cop is spawn near you or, or, or! This is a nogo if luck is more importent then skill... its a racing game.So if you wanna a Racing game you shouldnt buy this but if you want some Fast and Furios like Story ""Shiiiiiiiiet"" then this is something for you.Why did i give the game a bad review? Because i had hope they would fix many problems with the Wild Run ""Addon/Patch"" but they just add some non needed stuff and weet streets all over the country."
,Recommended,241560,13374896,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Depressed Adolf,Best game 2019 and also belive it is MLG
,Not Recommended,241560,13269517,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Eskalion,"Things that you need to know about this game:1 It's really expensive2 It's DLC simulator 20143 You need to have at least 1 friend to play with if you want to enjoy it4 Cars are expensive5 Takes a lot of farming and grinding if you want a dream car6 This game is ""pay to win"" with more micro transactions that I can count7 The leveling system of parts after platina is like csgo cases: you need to try 40-50 times to get a lvl 50 part8 Some things don't make sence like: fully modified maxed out Köenigsegg Agera S is 50 km/h slower than Fully stock car9 With stock the Köenigsegg you can outrun the fastest ""C"" (circuit) class cars10 Those who bought season pass don't get Wild Run11 You hit an oncoming traffic with 400 km/h and the traffic doesn't break12 If you don't have the best possible car then you will not be able to compete against players13 No AI difficulty14 Ford Crown Victoria police interceptor outruns a 500-600 horsepower Nissan Skyline15 If crashed you get a cinematic of you crashing16 Crashing animations can glitch and be triggerd for no reason17 You can go in to a highly protected military base without getting any wanted levels18 Game's story doesn't proggress basically anything19 There is a Mazda Raceway but no Mazda car in the game20 Köenigsegg Agera S is faster off road then a ""D"" (dirt) class SUV21 Some rocks west to Las Vegas and in the Grand Canyon have no collision detection and you sink into or fall trogh them22 Tring to off road on rocks doesn't work you get the crash animation23 Some cars (for example Köenigsegg Agera S) cost over 2 million dollars. By doing a mission you get 2000-400024 It uses Ubisoft's game launcher for everything. It will not display your steam name25 Customer support is the worst for example I write to them about a game breaking glitch and I recive an automated reply26 Aparently a 1967 Chevrolet Impala can take on a 2013 Ferrari27 You keep activating the challenges by accident28 You can hit 380 km/h with a Fiat 50029 Drifting is like [PRESS X TO DRIFT]30 The worst physics engine31 Same car parts everywhere32 You can rice any car33 Low res and bad graphichs on rocks and flat areas34 Impossible montains35 Cars almost feel like dodgem carts36 Map sometimes laggs and gets glitchy37 East Coas USA and West Coast USA has no time zone.Thank you for reading this!And it may change your mind about buying this game. Don't make the same mistake I made: I bought it in September 2014 pre-release Deluxe edition with season pass. It cost me 70€."
,Not Recommended,241560,19928836,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Seven,"The steering and physics in this game are horrible. There feels like there is input lag even with everything that should cause input lag off. When you hit traffic, you bounce off like the collison if the car were a triangle.Euro Truck Simulator 2 would make for a better racing game than this would.UPDATE: The driving model still sucks and the multiplayer missions don't work. It's been like 3 years."
,Recommended,241560,13271089,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,DYNA.M1X™,"THΞ ϹЯΞЩ ЯΞVIΞЩ+ Selection of cars from international manufacturers+ Real athmosphere and models in the open world (USA)+ Graphics and effects (e.g. dirt and water on cars while driving thru mud)+ Sounds of the cars and the environment (e.g. driving thru tunnel)+ Possibilities after completed campaign (e.g. level up with platin car parts)- Partial unstable server connection- The vehicles of other road users (MPC) are still partially defective (e.g. respawn middle of the road, in a crash the carsremain as a concrete block stand)***************************************ЯATINGGenerally 8/10Graphic 10/10Sound 10/10Fun 9/10Possibilities 8/10Campaign 10/10Multipllayer (PvP) 8/10"
76561197968293860,Recommended,241560,13377905,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,PenGe,This Game is amazing!
,Recommended,241560,13252589,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,whosker,"very very good game , especially if you like cars. Realistic distance between the towns. Great modifications to cars."
,Recommended,241560,13385921,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,RPCHill,It is not loading for me...
,Recommended,241560,13243641,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ketemato,Come on you want itJust buy it..!!
,Recommended,241560,13360396,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Waffa,"Absolutely love this game! The game runs beatifully on high, i put everything on high and 60 fps, runs perfect. No problems, my graphics card is GTX 660 Ti and runs perfect, 16 gb's of ram, and Core i7-2700K 3.5 Ghz quad core, runs perfect no lag, only thing i don't like is that ''Quick Co Op'' on missions isn't ''Quick'' I'm saying 9,5/10"
76561198119063354,Recommended,241560,13287216,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,oneeyedunicorn,12/10!!! Pay $60 just to pay even more in microtransactions! Lesson learned ubi....You didnt give prerelease review copies out to keep from getting called out by the internet. I will rethink all future ubi purchases and make sure to not preorder anything ubi.
,Not Recommended,241560,15781395,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,N8,"Dont get me wrong, its fantastically hilarious to glitch the cars around. Flipping them and what not.However the negitive part is the map. The cities are bad, sub-par at best.The cars are fantastic, but handling is terrible.You get my point. Not worth 60 dollars, or 80 for gold.. AT ALL."
,Recommended,241560,14729861,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,[TiNy]SuKaroCho,"Only buy this game if you have lot of free time on your hand becuase once you buy it, you won't be able to do anything else."
,Recommended,241560,15101355,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Cheytac,"Great Game, I dont see why people dont like it"
,Not Recommended,241560,15934811,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Bagok,Dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dont buy. Ever.
76561198091910449,Not Recommended,241560,17414381,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Leander Tappeluf csgoroll.com,"I just bought the game and I can only play it in demo-mode, DON'T BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME!!"
,Not Recommended,241560,19152846,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Rangerlump,The new loot system in wildrun sucks... the grind is 100x as long.
,Not Recommended,241560,19503580,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ImnoPro[PT],I can't start a new game.I can't even sell my favorite cars to start from scratch. Once I get all parts I want there's nothing to do.Replayability = 0
76561198025504859,Recommended,241560,13195348,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,IggySe,"oh wow. what a game. worth every penny!Great graphics, great story, great gameplay.Driving somewhere between NFS MW 2005 and TDU."
,Recommended,241560,13221386,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Grūdējzvirbulis,"I see some negative comments, but I must say my experience is very great, it has many options that other multiplayer race games doesn't have. Over all I love this game. I recommend this game to any kind of race type game lovers to try this game out, you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,241560,23773058,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sawyer,"Edit: As it turns out, it was a driver issue. Nvidia 368.39 drivers break the game, and you will have to rollback to a previous version to make it run.First game I've ever been so upset with that I write a review about it.This game is unplayable. Literally. It crashes as soon as you launch it. Now, other reviewers have said this. But, if you're like me, you're probably thinking ""Pfff, whatever, if I have the problem I'll just google it and have it working in five minutes.""Yeah, no. There is no single solution to this problem. So many things can cause this game to crash on startup, that there are hundreds of different solutions to the problem. I still haven't found one that works.If you still decide to buy this game, good luck. You'll need it."
76561198187814805,Recommended,241560,29685079,Posted: 3 February,all,mkastonmartin,Overall a fun game
,Recommended,241560,28983884,Posted: 3 January,all,Melrom,It's cool
,Recommended,241560,29636182,Posted: 1 February,all,Blarfer21,Its awesome
,Recommended,241560,29972881,Posted: 16 February,all,HOAGIE BOI [SURF GOD],I really want them to add widebody kits for the tuner cars.YOU BETTER F*CKING BE LISTENING IVORY. HELP A HOMESLICE OUT AND ADD THE D*MN THING.
76561198096899987,Not Recommended,241560,28884270,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Big Fan,"Got the game and season pass, would not let me play becayse of invalid CD key, spent weeks trying to find a solution, didnt work.0/10 would not recommendEdit 4/15/17: ive got the CD key to work now it just crashes on startup0/10 would not recommend"
,Recommended,241560,26601751,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Kailen,"This game is silly.  Physics are merely a suggestion.  Cars, even parked ones, will periodically float off into space for no apparent reason.  You vehicles can get sandwiched between an opponent and a wall and sent hurtling off in a random direction or fly through the map.  There is even one skill point where, if you attempted to do it in a certain direction, you WILL be sent off the map.  The AI sometimes breaks, and gets stuck trying to get to a checkpoint, or doesn't realize that it's missed a checkpoint and appears at the finish line doing doughnuts while waiting for you.  The game's story is the most cliche and stereotypical street racing story line that's featured in almost every movie and game on the subject.And it is glorious.There's a lot to do in the game.  Even more with the expansion pack.  (At the time of writing, Wild Run has been released, but not Calling All Units, which I am eagerly awaiting.)  Several races, including an up to almost four hours (in reality can be finished in around three) endurance race.  A few different game modes, including an annoying ""drive over the boxes"" mission type, or a few where you need to try to knock out another car.  Lots of pain jobs and ""stickers"" to apply to cars, as well as some visual customization (though some are quite lacking).  Unlocking everything can take quite some time, and some of the in-game achievements won't trigger properly.  There's PVP, and you can group up with three other friends to do the races and events together.  With the expansion pack you can set up your own races, and accept random stunts.This is not a serious racing game.  It's pretty arcadey with an open world.  But it is fun.  It's great to laugh at the game when it just goes wrong.  The races can be a lot of fun.  Even just driving around can be enjoyable.  Grab the game and a group of friends and just cruise around the USA.  See who can make the best, or worst, cars.  (No under-lights available, sadly.)  Compete with each other on skill points.  Just don't expect a Forza style realistic simulator.  Accept that this game is DUMB and embrace it, and you can have one of the more entertaining driving experiences out there.(Note: I played the game on Uplay for months before getting a complete version on Steam.)"
,Recommended,241560,29752107,Posted: 6 February,all,Socks and Sandals,Still better than rivals.
,Not Recommended,241560,23978400,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,yureikun,"No.Cons:-Time wasted to download this 20GB game.-Third party uplay♥♥♥♥♥♥-Windows updating relating problems.-Can't start the game. (""The Crew has stoppped working"")-Hours of searching for solution- failed.Pros:-Refunded within 24 hours.There are strong reasons this game gets mixed reviews. Don't buy it. Trust the reviews."
,Recommended,241560,29958038,Posted: 16 February,all,FALLING TOILET,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=865019435
,Not Recommended,241560,21103122,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ducktape,Piece of crap.
,Recommended,241560,13205622,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,spamanator500(맛있는 스팸),It's fufill everyone's hopes for this game (pretty much) and the graphics and the gameplay is nice and fun. The Optimization for custom kits is a very intresting concept which haven't been tried in most other racing games. The negatives would be glitchy physics (I drove off a cliff and when you flip in autokills you in midair) and rocks seem to act as terrain and fling you off if you run at them.
,Not Recommended,241560,22079612,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Jettsd,game wont load ive spent the last 3 hours looking online for a solution and nothing is working and people have been having the same problem for a year. get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together ubisoft. waste of money.
,Not Recommended,241560,15369725,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,[Tech] Knoar,"Looks good, advertised well, appearingly ambitious, but in the end it is just not that good.  It isn't horrible either.  They promised more than what was delivered.  There really isn't much of an end-game, and the storymode is rather short and empty."
76561198030139339,Recommended,241560,13202231,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,lisnic.victor,One of the best racing games I have ever played! Really scratched my itch for an open-world racing game similar to TDU. Ubisoft has outdone itself with this one.
76561198069604148,Recommended,241560,13208086,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Veggie.Dinosaur,"this review based on my 18 h of play time on 3 decthe cons:-there is few of bugs i encounter (nothing suprised there) such as- when u slightly knock of a npc cars, u will get rekt- everytime i quit the game from the phone, it still playing on the background so i need to restart my pc to play thegame again after quiting-i cant play with friends, it will only show them on the map,but once u go there they are invincible- lack of cars (lack of japanese cars only have 2)-its either me(probably me) or the games handling just not good-cant recolour sticker-microtransaction is a thingthe pros-the gamelpay is really fun though some are repetative but ubisoft manage to make us feel like its a new game mode-huge map various of terrains-crew up with some random players (not in your friend list)- graphics are ok (like grid 2)verdict, its a great game for me but in the current state(3 dec) there is alot that can be improved. i encorage you to buy the game after ubisoft patched the game.buy this game next year if ur still interested"
,Recommended,241560,13199965,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,GaijinGhost,"Everything Test Drive Unlimited should have been, and almost like Horizon on steroids... It's not very often we get a racing game like this on PC, if ever.The Good:-Handling far improved from the Beta, especially if using a controller-Tuning/Customization is one of the most fun aspects of the game, it's not perfect and I'd love to see some more options like airride and ornamental lighting, but a very well implemented system none the less-Huge Open World, drive wherever you want with no boundaries, tones of US landmarks and official Race Tracks, one of my favorite aspects-In-Game Purchases: Now you may ask ""why is this listed under the good?"", let me explain.. I in no way condone in-game purchases or P2W modeled games, but in here it's different. While you can pay real money for cars/customization objects, EVERYTHING in the game can be bought with ingame credits, and even if you make an in-game purchase like I did for a vehicle, you may have a slight edge to beginwith in your story missions, but by the time you hit end game content everyone is really even, so not necessarily ""good"", but it's for those of us who want instant gratification rather than grinding.The Bad:-Car Selection.... As much as I love Muscle cars and the usual cookie cutter Exotics, where are the Japanese imports? Especially for a game with that Fast & Furious feel. Nissan is the only JDM Manufacturer in the Game and only includes the R34 Skyline GT-R and the 370z, I'm a Subaru fan myself and in a game with offroad aspects it was very sad to see them not make the cut.-The Story, while I did enjoy some aspects of the story, this is definitely an MMO style game first and single player game after. It's not terrible, but it does feel like it was thrown in as a simple way to introduce all the mechanics of the game.-Mission Payouts: While you will recieve a decent payout from missions, these missions can sometimes take up to 15 mins of your time, awarding a measly $3k if you're lucky, while some of the PVP missions can award upwards of $20k in as little as 3 minutes.Final Score: 8/10Like I said, if you're a fan of racing games in general, it's very rarely we see a game anywhere near this good on PC, I've got just under 30 hours in and the game released 4 days ago. If you love cars, get it. If you're a little iffy, wait for a sale but definitely worth a play."
76561198066699382,Recommended,241560,13208346,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Slim Treble,"I like the story and the custimization.  the transitions are almost flawless.  The driving is a little difficult.  Its almost impossible to use manual transmition.  but overall i really like the game.  I got into a crew with no problem with my friend.  graphics are amazing.  If it were a single player game, I bet the graphics would be the most realistic thing ever."
,Recommended,241560,13204683,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Positive Magic,"Put about 8 straight hours into it and couldn't stop playing. This game has an incredible amount of content and will keep you busy for awhile. The story line is just the beginning; if you are a competetive person you will not be let down. Every little thing you do is ranked including pvp races, skill missions, faction races etc."
76561198044861969,Recommended,241560,13201364,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,PC_Gamer,Crew is The racing game you want to play. its immersive and impressive
,Not Recommended,241560,21917234,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Chad Bradley,I purchased The Crew and some DLC but not the Wild Run DLC in the end of November. I have only played two hours of the game because my pc recently broke and I just got it back but now after playing a whole ten minutes of the game I can no longer play the game because I do not have the Wild Run DLC. This shows that Ubisoft are scammers trying to get more money because even if you buy the full game without DLC you can not play the game.
,Not Recommended,241560,21945330,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,nikitos,"Ubishit at it's best, can't even launch a game. whenever i try to play game, it just keeps crushing, just don't waste your money on this when there are lots of better racing games out there."
,Recommended,241560,13839865,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Fallen Angel,"Best driving/racing game I have played. Gorgeous Graphics + Great Gameplay = Perfect Game, this game is just that. Only thing I would like to see improved, are a few minor bugs here and there, especially the one when racing in the driver's seat and the screen shakes violently every now and again."
,Not Recommended,241560,17419510,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Kah1ro,"Honestly right now i regret buying this, this is chopped version of TDU2. There is only 58 induvidual cars in game most of them are muscle cars and 14 of them dlc cars. You can beat entire game with just one car. World is empty, car physics ugly. Should have bought Dying Light"
76561198026951278,Recommended,241560,28739008,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ida,its fun but i have the seasion pass but the game wont see it
,Not Recommended,241560,13288266,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,FIZ,Fully release a beta game? Thanks ubgay. Be warned this is not what it appears max number of people online in your session is 7 and the session is random and does not put you with friends most/any of the time.DO NOT BUY AT THIS TIME!
,Not Recommended,241560,13207950,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Captain Caboose,"The game is a pretty cool concept, and there's a lot of stuff in the open, very neat world to do.It also has somewhat of a Need For Speed Underground 2 feel to it, too, which I like.My only big problem is that, like pretty much every other racing game out there, it is far better played with a controller of some sort. Driving with your keyboard isn't a particularly easy task, especially with an automatic transmission from the nineties (their automatic transmission is pretty crap)."
,Not Recommended,241560,13306814,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,gooaygar™,"this game keeps crashing i tried everything and nothing works and i heard great things about it too, sad thing is i bought the game for $80 bucks thinking it would work on my freaking machine that i bought for this game"
76561198088067399,Not Recommended,241560,13312868,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Idiop4thic,"Game feels unfinished and gets old very quickly . Story bland and nothing we haven't seen 100 times before. Fun to crusie around and listen to music (your own music, in game music sucks) pick up this game if you are a car lover and enjoy long drives but only when it is on sale. Like 75% off sale or more."
76561197971132442,Not Recommended,241560,13316668,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Dancealot,"So, The Crew, by Ubisoft.It's a very nice idea, join friends and complete missions in high preformance cars. Sounds like The Fast and the Furious right? Joining a crew for sertain missions and for PvP is realy easy, leaving said crew is aswell. The missions in PvE are easy, even Solo.The game has a short storyline by which at the end you are the Boss (V8) of a street racing gang that has gone international criminal orginasation. You achive so by means of driving missions using various vehicles like street cars, high preformance sport cars, dirt cars, trophy trucks and circuit speed demons. You can free ride unrestricted trough the USA freely switching between cars and explore a lot of sites, the game gives in game curency as a reward for visiting sight seeing area's and provides one or two lines of background info. Also you can get involved in police chases, and hamper other players that are being prosued.The gameplay gives of a friendly arcade style feeling. The cars look real good and tons of costumization is available. The world you dive in is done quite good and I especially like how the road surface affects your grip. Rain and snow don't do your grip any good and the various type of vehicle will respond differently to it. Unfortunatly the road does need work, small bumbs and missalignments in road surfaces cause unecpected bumbs and jumps, or crashes if using a circuit car, and cause grip loss, sliding and other automotive mayhem. Something your computer controlled opponents don't seem to be bothered by.Doing the faction missions, which only help with cashflow or so it seems, the opponents are of about the same level as you are, making for an intresting challange, if not for the unfair behaviour of the game favouring against you. Which i found frustrating and annoying at times.The game as purely a racing game gets boring quite quickly after you have maxed out your personnal level and some cars you like to use. Doing the same ""test"", a mini challange, can get you rewarded with the best possible parts for your ride. The lvl 50 parts have 4 different bonusses so again, costumize and find the best setting. Making sure that cars that have maxed out still have a bit of difference in them. All sounds good right?Yes, the game in istelf is quite good, be it short, and your reasons for playing it will mostly be becouse of your friends list. Gamers are friendly mostly but crews in PvP can realy ruin your day by having one or two members take out the competions and having their friends win easy. Well within the rules but not fair play.The game has promise, and loads of DLC is indeed promised, including more cars and area's to explore. Most will have found the Mexican border crossing by now. But at the time of this writing, is not open yet.Conclusion,If I make the game sound in general not bad at all, why not reccomend it? Well, there's this one thing in the way of hours of fun gameing with your friends. Crashes, not in game car crashes but gamecrashes, computer crashes, network crashes, server connection interruptions, explained errors, unexplained errors, known errors that will give you a code and ask you to submit them. (the location the game suggest is the Ubi website but i couldn't figure out where to put them in.) In 60 hours of gameplay I calculated an interruption would take place on average every 3 hours of gameplay. Fairly annoying and other than the occasional lagg not very accepteble in this day and age. I don't think my PC has ever crashed on any other game besides The Crew. Save for windows update butting in but no-one can blame any game or develloper for that right? I won't at least.So The Crew might seem as a must-have, but it isn't. So even if you still want to buy it, refrain from buying it together with the Seasons Pass untill you are satisfied with the game.So, end of rant and pardon my English! (Yes, it's meant to be English)"
76561198023337900,Not Recommended,241560,13317954,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,hcornell,"horrible mouse issues, freezes up like crazy, buggy as hell!!!  don't waste your money on PC!!!BTW I have 2 titan black video cards on a dual 8core Xeon 3.5 ghz... so no my system is not slow and this trying to run it just on one monitor at normal HD settings.. WTF!!!!  mouse keeps scrolling up at 10000 miles per hr, I can't stop it, so I can't choose anything, I can't select anything from the map cause again ""mouse goes haywire.""  BTW mouse works just fine when in mini menus but not in full map nor racing menus.. not worth it, did every upgrade for graphics, mouse, and sound drivers, still same problem, all other games run just fine.. UPLAY is a joke right now!!!"
76561197977059337,Not Recommended,241560,13322253,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Nazzul,"Currently The Crews multiplayer function is broken for a lot of people, so do not purchase it if you are going to play it because of multiplayer function. However if youre fine with a NFS underground/most wanted single player player game, go ahead!"
76561197995314471,Not Recommended,241560,13275132,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,dougy124,"I bought the gold pass and havent got my cars for the 85 dollars I spent on the game. im very upset with steam and Uplay. There is nothing about this problem on the site and not one single phone number or live chat to fix my problem. I will be sending a very bad letter to Uplay about this. I feel ripped off and cheated. DO NOT buy the gold, you will waste youe money.Very unhappy."
,Not Recommended,241560,13287549,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,♋,I spent $85 for this game and I got stuck on the loading screen for 5 hours. This game is ♥♥♥♥ed
76561198054428332,Not Recommended,241560,13306397,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,jSn,"well... the (s)crew, what can you say""mmo"" ....... max 8 players (they seem to have misinterpreted the ""massively"" there)""coop"" ....... only possible to play as a ""crew"" of 2. no more than that. we've tried (again misinterpreting ""cooperative"")""racing"" ..... yep racing. bad racing. impossible to get the enemies of your tail, they seem to be attached to you somehow. and escaping cops? lol only happens out of pure luck. gamepad doesn't work properly and don't even ask about the steering wheel... they did everything wrong there imhoand the most annoying part is, that they fixed nothing since beta. nothing. they just released half a game... and that half's broken. glitching through cars or animals (which all seem to chirp... even the deer), invisible other players (if there are any that is), getting kicked out of the game or just a nice freeze...also up to this day no answer from ubisoft about all of the above. they don't even care. you bought it, now it's your problem. well thanks, we will remember that.don't buy it... just don't"
,Not Recommended,241560,13311605,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Lycius,"The Crew has terrible driving mechanics, and cheap ways to extend the ""story"" missions as much as possible. The cars severely overcorrect, there is way too much drift even when driving at lower speeds, the acceleration and braking in every car is terrible, even with extensive upgrades, and it is impossible to make small adjustments when driving. Basically, everything that can go wrong in a driving game's mechanics has in The Crew. Add that to the frequent server down time, DRM, requirement of Uplay, and other cars in races being boosted even when you have much better parts than them, and this game is worth maybe $20, but even that's a stretch. The open world is nice, but when it's this hard to get around it, it makes an extensive map like this much less impressive. This is something I would expect from a new indie games company, not a large company like Ubisoft. Maybe they'll learn from having 3 large releases being terrible this year. If you're going to buy The Crew, wait until it's on sale for less than $20, and don't expect to get much out of the story missions, it's really only good for the open world exploration, and even then it's a stretch."
,Not Recommended,241560,28089189,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,One of Don's made men,"Found the game was played well, aside from crashing and the servers being down on launch, the game sometimes would work, i decided to reinstall and that fixed the running issues but there is not a thing on this planet that can fix the hatred i have for ubisoft now, they continue to release dlcs that cost 40$+.  Tbh i had fun by myself because my brother could never run the game for more than 10 mins at a time and although they had a great idea with this game ubisoft should have released a working product, if chevrolet releases a car that wont steer after 10 mins of continuous driving is that right?utterly disapointing"
76561198116029528,Not Recommended,241560,28089945,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ZM-Arizona-Trekkie,"Great game but, the srvers are terrible. I have good internet for playing this game and the servers are bad. I dont want to critisize this game too mush but, I dont like it that much."
,Not Recommended,241560,24190512,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BC82GO,PAY MUCH MONEY THAT COMES OUT  #0_1 EROR BUMP. UBISOFT WE WANT TO HAVE FUN NOT A GARBAGE PROXY EROR.... YOU HAVE TO FIX IT
,Recommended,241560,13260260,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Splitsec-_-,#My Favourite Racing game 11/10
76561198082840658,Recommended,241560,28434748,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Vac on csgo,nice game
,Recommended,241560,13213905,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,RED*,"BEST RACING GAME EVER, i don't usually like racing games, i don't know how to play racing games, but this game... this game is just the best racing game out there, what's better, it got a storyline!!!"
,Recommended,241560,13216451,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,RAPTOR22,"10 out of 10, amazing map size, freedom, wide choise of cars that feel like cars :) very recommanded!"
76561197979190713,Recommended,241560,13216421,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,superhjalte/slavsuperstar,Great game!10/10
,Recommended,241560,13456465,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Vlad_710,Не запускается очень обидно жду обновления следущего когда всё окончательно исправят!
76561198003187305,Not Recommended,241560,21726032,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Oso,"It's nice to buy season pass and WIld run to not be included in this , well done , don't buy this , waste of money and game is not that great either!"
76561198088677615,Not Recommended,241560,21799507,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Carl Wheezer | csgokingdom,a good game ruined by dlc and other stuff
,Not Recommended,241560,25742318,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Kevvan01,"I warn anyone thinking about buying this game to pass on it for at least now until and even if they fix the crash problems that most people, myself too, have problems with. You will totally waste your time and money on this game. And if you exceed 2  hours of playtime and the days after purchase, trying to fix the problem for you which wont work 99,99% of the time, then you wont be able to refound your game in any way!"
,Recommended,241560,17029518,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,HijoleFader,"For those who are curious on what this game ""The Crew""Pro's- It's got beautiful scenery so even when your losing at least you got something to look at.- Driving can be customized/Optimized for however you drive( Google The Crew Optimization Car controll )- If you enjoy drifting roads for daysCon's- They could have done more with variety of cars and customization (kind of a let down when they talked about building cars from the ground up)- Game received bad rep in general so lowish population-Uplay should have expressed the Optimazation for those who complain about the physics"
,Recommended,241560,32850237,Posted: 27 June,all,♕RodRy♕,nice
,Recommended,241560,33163604,Posted: 2 July,all,Maxd11,This game is great fun if you just want to drive around the entire U.S. or drive with friends. For the full price of $30 i would not recommend but for the sale price of only $10 it is totally worth it!
,Recommended,241560,13458802,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,R.Fortes,"This game has a lot of potential and a lot of hours to play!One of the Biggest maps for a PC game i've ever seen, good perfomance on low, mid and high end PCs and awesome graphics!Good tunner options and showing everything we dont see on need for speed.We can really enjoy driving in this game, the critic reviews is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, do not believe these reviews!Just some cons that i found: Bug for pressing Alt+Tab(when you return to the game, your mouse become stuck in one position until you restart the game)Less cars compared to Test Drive Unlimited 2, some cars engine sounds has the same sound.Too much cut-scenes when in trasition between locations, and an internet connection is required to play.(No Offline play)Based on all of this, i give 8 out of 10!But about the price, i recommend to buy with at least 30% off, the full price is too much for this game!P.S. I might change this review when new dlcs, patches and bug fixes comes out!"
,Not Recommended,241560,24774330,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,★Robbyno3★,last update broke the game. works for 2 minutes and then crashes to desktop every single time.
,Not Recommended,241560,19135471,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Foforce666,I bought the gold edition for this game a couple weeks ago everything fine then today I decide to buy wild run in the ingame store for around 23  bucks (local currency: $390) and an HOUR later steam lists it for 15 bucks (local currency: $250) ?!?!? wtf is going on? is this even legal? this is really really bad
76561198078724178,Not Recommended,241560,24163312,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Stevie,"After playing almost 28 hours I finally quit this game with absolute RAGE !!!!!. This is a total misunderstanding and a terrible joke.Firstly, the game offers a very big world where you can go everywhere, really BUT WHO CARES IF PART OF THE WHOLE WORLD IS NOT LOADING AND YOU FREEZE IN A F@#$%NG UNLOADED TERAIN TEXTURE!!!.Through this problem you can't complete many races, and drive to many worlds areas. This problem occurs always.Secondly when you are trying to teleport to another location or wait for the race, loading screen freezes and nothing happens. This problem occurs after 2 to 5 loadings screens.Through this problem you need to restart the game very often. So practically when you turn on the game you will have to restart EVERY F@#$%NG TIME AFTER FEW MINUTES !!!!. This problem occurs VERY VERY VERY VERY OFTEN but not always.Thirdly in fractional war, game daily deletes xp you gained in factional races so it is very hard to keep any rank, and if you can (do that will take you a very long time and days )still at the end of each month rank is reset. PEACE OF JOKE !!!!!4: Ai cars are cheating teleporting before us or reaching too high not achievable speed.You can win with them but they make level system  of our cars is absolutely pointless.5: Maximum chaotic mechanical parts system I've ever seen!6: A small number of cars but if you buy seasonpass you get many cool models.7: Funny driving unrealistic system.8: OOOOhhhhhh I forgot ! MEGA F@#$%NG PROBLEMS WITH GAME START-UP (On my computer reinstal Nvidia drivers on older helped but i read on many forums that this solution does not helped many players).9: The graphic is at an early Alpha level in my opinion (Cars look like they were flying over the street, this is so funny).Finally, speaking the game would be good if not first two problems that I mentioned that completely ruined it.This is my opinion but I sincerely advise against buying this game :( .Few years ago there was a game called Fuel, which has many more Bikes ,Cars, Quads, Monstertrucks and everytching than The Crew and The Crew Wild Run and she was just perfect.If you want more open world, more vehicles ,absolute perfect gameplay ,go and buy Fuel istead of absolute ruined The Crew. ;)"
,Recommended,241560,13869513,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,suqiadward,"It was a fun game but it did have its problems.Cons:-AI can be very OP and can even seem to ""cheat"" when racing.-Locked 30-60 FPS-Unrealistic handling for some cars-Finding a multiplayer (PVP) match can take up to 3-10 minutes for some reason.-Mission rewards are unbalanced-Crew Credits are broken (I bought 100,000 credits by using my steam wallet and never got them. unisoft support claims that I did but they also said they are getting many reports of this happening. It doesnt seem like they are going to do anything about it. Steam support said I couldnt get a refund because they have no proof that I didnt get the ingame item...)--I could go on but I'm not going to be nit-pickyPros:-Fun casual racing game.-many cars with lots of customization-Fun races when the AI dont cheat.-great open map with countless places to visit-great graphics on PC (they suck on pheasant boxes)-good progression in the game and it doesnt take hours of grinding to get a new car."
,Recommended,241560,14097518,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,tommy61157,"You know, I understand The Crew is nothing special; however, I think it's still a good game. The microtransactions are there, yes, but to me at least, it's more fun to earn your keep rather than simply buy it. The driving seems solid enough to me, it is a bit lacking on cars if you don't get the DLC, but the ones that are there look very good and are fun to drive. I love the open world, it's beautiful and fun to drive around in and that's part of the reason I got this game. Admitably, I'm not hard to impress when it comes to racing games, but I do like this one just for the world and because I like racers in general. I would advise that if you do want to get it though, wait until a steam sale, not worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,241560,14158223,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,late night depression,"Not worth it bro, Wasted $85 dollars on this piece of f*cking sh*t. Wonder why Ubisoft is going down hill. Also, This game in a nutshell: BUY MORE INGAME CURRENCY TO BUY A BETTER CAR TO PASS THE MISSION."
76561198088774165,Not Recommended,241560,14019193,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,BobSpaghetti,"this game was only made for moneyno efforts was put in it at allfilled with glitches and incoherence (example:  non-modified cop car can drive faster than a street modified car, apperently cop car can brake a more than 600hp car from 200km/h to 0km/h plus themselves without their car breaking)repetitive gameplay and boring missionsthe multiplayer of this game is emptyunrealistic map of the ustons of raging moments1 question i still cannot find the answer to: Was this game made to be fun?to make this short dont buy this game you will regret it even the worst need for speed are better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥how come out of 3 games (assassins creed unity, far cry 3 and the crew) no of them was truly good"
,Recommended,241560,14120159,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,God Chanka,Fun game. Get some buddies and whole lota time and cruise the country. Not much of an MMO as they claim it to be.
76561198211473364,Not Recommended,241560,33525487,Posted: 13 July,all,Dolan Trump,"The game itself is actually very good in terms of quality, but as far as developer/publisher practices go.. They are appalling. Releasing a season pass that does not include all future DLC is previously stated, and not doing it once, buttwice, with the two major DLC components of the game, is not exactly the best way to get good reviews for a game. Although I must admit, it does accomplish something, as it is a rather efficient way of getting all companies involved in the game's production a bad reputation."
,Not Recommended,241560,22079439,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,StanislaW,I BOUGHT WILD RUN. BUT IN THE GAME ITS NOT ACTIVATE. IM SO UPSET!!!! HELP PLEASE
76561198255602485,Not Recommended,241560,22054645,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,AubergineMan,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥INSHELPER NEVER INSTALLS been waiting for about 4 hours or something AND I CANT PLAY
76561198156504449,Not Recommended,241560,22078186,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Official_paps,THIS IS A TRIAL IT ISN'T THE FULL GAME
,Recommended,241560,15188491,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Scully,slc em cachorreira
76561197973166289,Not Recommended,241560,14897181,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,mightyag,"Not worth the NZ$131. Good open world but very repeditive.Very Arcade. Could have been alot better for the money.Can't really customize/personalise your cars, only follow the next upgrade, same as everyone else.Actual ""Crew"" part of the game where you join a crew and race the streets as a crew never works.Very disappointing after all the hype..."
,Recommended,241560,13302048,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,ri0x,"Personally, this is one of the top racing games available at the moment it doesn't win in every aspect but it definately holds its own against some of the best racing titles to date, that being said..Most of the people who are voting the video game down are lying through their teeth about the negatives of this game,For instance i will use One Simple Example,MEATMONSTER1,898 products in accountSaid  ""- No Offline Mode- Rather small Fleet of Cars- Unrealistic Engine Sounds- Missing Animations for Cockpit Mirrors. Gear switching and Steering Wheel Speedometer, non funtional Indicators- No possibility to add your own Music- Boring and monotonous Storymode, Races are too short.- Not many Customization Options- The Crew was announced as a ""Car MMO"", but there are only up to 8 People in one Session.- No changing weather conditions (Except of Snow in the Mountains.)- Microtransactions- The Cars look great, but there is no dynamic lightining, also some of the textures of trees,bushes,... and the water look rather bad.""There are about 8 points in here where he is BLATANTLY lying to the public, reviews like this should be taken down.-You can easily make your own music lists,-The car sounds in this game are almost identical to the real versions, take the time to youtube some videos.-Complains about lack of MMO,  because a race has a limit of how many contestants even though you see people driving past you that you could easily group with almost every minute, Because Raids are max 40 people, is World of warcraft not an MMO either?Honestly i could go on, but you get the point these kids don't like the game so they are slandering and lying about it,Just move past ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews like that."
76561198041625756,Recommended,241560,13265336,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Legend,"Great game, Turn off the assists, use a wheel and you'll be golden :)"
,Not Recommended,241560,24642389,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Rattyguy01,"Nothing like it was originally advertised to be.  If you have any interest in driving for pleasure, look elsewhere.Cons:-Map feels small, due to constant scenery changes-Cars handle like ice skates-Framerate is heavily dependent on where you're driving-Crashes from time to time-If you crash your car in a race, you are respawned near the other AI drivers-In-game purchases everywhere-Racing is blandPros:-Gets you back into playing Test Drive Unlimited 2 againThe conclusion:Considering I could have bought both TDU2 and Euro Truck Simulator 2 for less than I originally paid for this, it was in no way worth it for me.  Even if this was on sale for 80% off, I wouldn't recommend it."
,Recommended,241560,13244082,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,FUCKING. EMBARRASSING.,It's goodk?
,Not Recommended,241560,17134706,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ReaperOs,"Bought the game, go into game.....""trial version buy the full game now!"".....refund request."
76561197997011545,Not Recommended,241560,15997235,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,SebHuet,"Pros:- Huge map (40 mins from coast to coast)- Nice car customizationCons:- You can't start a new game. So you're stuck forever.- Starting an online session with a friend is almost impossible.- Storyline is pretty basic, so many cliches.- You can't buy pizza at Gazolla's in Chicago."
76561197970589035,Recommended,241560,26641884,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Req,"This game has the largest game world I've ever seem, it's worth it just to explore."
76561198165831345,Recommended,241560,30534172,Posted: 15 March,all,pfcwetzler91,"awesome game, im using logitech g920 wheel and pedals. very fun game. wish the game wasnt locked at 60fps (im rocking 1080ti now) its seemless at 60fps but i just wish i fully utilize the hardware i paid so much $$ for."
,Recommended,241560,13248073,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,DR33ZED,SO IF YOU HAVE GOOD STRATIGY THEN YIU CAN BE 1% DONE IN 4 DAYS :D 11/10 WOULD DO AGAIN
,Recommended,241560,17084078,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,[c3k] Thor_2211,"Its a great time killer, its even better when you play it with your friends.. its al about cruisin' usa, if you catch my drift (pun intended)"
,Recommended,241560,17087414,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Gorkmork,"it is neither a simulator nor a mmo,butit's funny. discussing those 'tricky' parts  like 'speedhack' and 'rubberbandial behavious': i know what you are talking about. the games i grew up with weren't exactly fair or realistic, but i enjoyed playing them.same here."
76561198139812048,Not Recommended,241560,14816146,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Wat R U ? Casul ?,THIS GAME IS BORING AND ITS VERY HARD TO GET MONEY TO BUY STUFF THATS COOL SO THIS GAME SUX
,Not Recommended,241560,14830447,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Sanni,Can we all rally together and sue Ubisoft for false advertising?
76561198083022739,Recommended,241560,34456051,Posted: 24 August,all,Owerlord,"Simply amazing!All games have their pros and cons, but for some reason some games (including the crew) get a lot of negative ratings even though they are actually good, but some d i c k h e a d s like to look only at cons... so yeah"
76561198027150138,Recommended,241560,11882972,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Dr.Dark,This game is really cool and I like it. Gameplay is awesome driving is harder but if you play it for a while you will get used to it. This game is buggy but it's just beta people i met are good they will not drive into you and ruin your car. Bad thing is 30fps cap but it doen't looks like 30fps it looks like 100or something around that even weaker PCs can run it pretty good. Story in this game is stupid you get out of jail and you have to find someone and get him absolutly stupid.pros+Graphics+Animals+Car customization+ giant and open world+co-op/multiplayer+Chicago is better then Watch_Dogs Chicagoand more...cons-physic-cars are too shiny-pay 2 win curency-30fps cap-storyOverall it's pretty good game 30fps cap will be changed you can see it in settings but you can change it by yourself. It has alot bugs and you can't get many cars just 20 (i think) but that's just in beta. You have lvl cap 10 but it will get higher with releas of this game. With P2W curency you can't buy anything OP like super fast car you can just buy normal cars and parts with it.It's good game 6/10
,Recommended,241560,11928895,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,RexAsaurVexツ,"I got into the beta, I put some hours into it too. So once again I'll give a Pro and Con list.Pro's:- MMO aren't usually my thing but something is just satisfying about ramming people off the road- It feels like a new idea I love it- Tons of Cars- Randomly Awesome Effects- Ubisoft didn't screw up on OptimizationCon's:- The Map leaves out some cool place that would be fun to explore (It bases 3 Important cities in a region)- The Beta World just felt empty (i'm sure this will be fixed when its released)- Map is kind've small (I know, Small!?!?! But it really isn't the size many people expect)- Needs some kind of Mini Games (not the small events)- Remove Crew Points, I can see this going really bad- Cars aren't very customizable- Perks are very limitedNeutral:- Well Worth my $60- No Monthly Subscription- Decent Story- It was a GREAT beta, Thank you Dev's"
,Recommended,241560,13229107,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Knugen,"The Crew is a fun racing game and has a good online experience -when it works-.The controls are good, they manage to feel responsive under the arcadish style of the game. Each upgrade does have an impact on the car's handling. This is not a driving simulation game, i don't know what was the popular belief in the game but i never seen it as a driving simulator type of game. The way the cars feel reminds me instantly of the old need for speed series, which is something nostalgic and fun. Progression through the game will allow you to unlock different specs for your cars, being able to tune up your favorite ride with up to 5 different specs: Street, Dirt, Perf, Raid,  Circuit. Each spec has an immediate impact on the car's handling.The story is not the most ingaging one though is not too tone down to be silly or childish. Its just there for you to follow.The AI feels cheap, which can sometimes ruin part of the experience. You can indeed outrun them and get some nice distance as long as your driving skills are up to par, but they still somehow manage to keep up a speed that their cars shouldn't be able to have. Not sure if this is working as they intended or a bug, but it would be better if they didn't use cheap tactics to make it ""challenging"". The cop AI is -okay-. It sure makes me chuckle when i run inches away from a cop at 180mi in a 50 zone and they don't seem to give a damn, but then again, if they actually had to chase people for every time they are speeding the game would become unbearable. Its not hard to escape the cops, but its not an easy task at first. Once you get the hang of it you will be able to lose them easy, especially inside cities, or you could always go rampage and try to shut them down. So far, the only way to have the police chase you is by breaking things, crashing into other cars or the police itself. A small destruction bar will fill up and once its max the chase starts, or if you break things right in front of the cops, that sometimes also triggers the chase.Day to night cycle is highly welcome making the world quite beautiful. I've been stopping several times just to admire the view and take screenshots left and right. The entire presentation of the game's world is quite good. I gotten no texture pop ups so i've been able to enjoy every detail without problems. Some landmark views are just way too good to miss. If you are into these type of exploration, then the game has plenty of areas to go just to get a cool view of things.Exploration is encouraged, be it either for the view or to find abandoned car pieces / antennas. Antennas work like Far Cry's antennas or Watch Dogs CToS, once found they will display all side missions around that specific area plus they will also allow you to fast travel (though about this i am not 100% sure cause at times i could fast travel to locations where antennas were not activated yet). You can use trains or airports to travel from the different locations, this can help at times especially if you are in a hurry and want to go to a specific part of the map that you haven't explore yet, as fast travel won't work on locations you haven't visited.Car and player customization is minimum. I think for a racing game of this caliber, its a shame it has so little to offer. For colors, you are only allowed to change the whole body and only with preset colors for official/metallic/iridescent, there is no color palette. Another lacking thing is the fact that you can only place one sticker on the car, and i can't seem to change the color which makes it almost impossible to bond with your ride. You can modify the front bumper, the interior of the car, hood, spoiler, rear bumper, side mirrors, and the side of the car though i haven't found any car that allows me to change that area in particular. As for player upgrades, the HQ has perks for you to increase that will grant different bonuses.Each mission and side mission will grant you a car piece that directly affects on the performance of your ride. The better you rank in the mission, the higher the upgrade will be, ranking from Bronze to Silver to Gold. Self explanatory, bronze is the minimum upgrade, silver is the medium and gold is the best upgrade. Each car piece comes with a specific bonus (acceleration, top speed, grip or breaks) Every car piece you get is ""car-bounded"" though the piece will go to your garage, if you want to place that upgrade on another car you will have to pay a small fee. Though if i am correct, the car pieces are only usable with other cars as long as they share the same spec (Race, Dirt, Raid, Perf, Circuit), so if you finished the mission or side mission with a street car, the piece will only work for those specific cars. Upon leveling up you will be given the option to purchase pre-build kits that will instantly upgrade your car. The first kit you get it at level 10, the second one at 20 and so on. This kits are barebones generally level 10 or 20 (depending on the level of the unlock) bronze pieces, but it does help speed up things if you don't want to go through the trouble of racing every mission or side missions again. Every 5 levels the overall performance of every car you own will get a boost.The damage on impact is nice to watch, though the autoregeneration of the car is a bit puzzling. Not sure who's idea was but its strange to see the car going all wolverine on you and shaking off the VISUAL damage. The damage done to the car won't affect the performance on your car though it will affect the life of it, causing you to eventually head back to your HQ to repair your car is the life on your car is low. Same as damage, you car can be covered in dirt and snow but it will wipe off the moment you hit the road.Pairing up with friends is what the game was meant for, and sadly this is were the main problems shows up. Making up a crew with your friends can make progress easier, though the sole act of crewing up with your friends can prove to be frustrating. Connectivity issues, unable to join crews, made this particular experience tedious to no end. For some reason the 4th member, will somehow always find a way to not work and when it does, you might be able to run some missions before you get dc'ed from the servers. The game seems to eat a whole lot of bandwith, so slow connections might have a tough time playing the game with friends. Upon reaching level 10 you will be given the option to choose a faction out of 4. This will enable PVP missions and PVE, and also a type of ""salary"" that will increase base on your performance.Overall, despite of connectivity issues, the game is fun. Its not the mmo experience it was advertised but what you get is not bad either. Its hard to recommend it unless you are into exploration and have the patience enough to go through the connection issues. When it works, its a really fun game. If you are in doubt, i would suggest to wait a bit longer, maybe a price drop. For racing enthusiasts, the gameplay might be  too arcadish, but its still fun."
,Recommended,241560,14455149,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,(TMF) JDragon03,This game is amazing anyone thinking about checking it out should! Also if r looking to join up with a crew/multi-gamming clan! Add me on facebook ( Jr Ritchie screaming illusions ) or on steam JDragon03 and than send me a msg! Than u can join us in Teamspeak!
,Not Recommended,241560,24719285,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,REDBOSS,good game bad sound car
76561198033481946,Not Recommended,241560,24267079,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Violetsky,"This game is awesome, but gets boring afterwards :("
,Recommended,241560,13255220,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,VERSAC3,Its like the Forza Horizon for PC platform!
76561198079284835,Recommended,241560,16771502,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,phantom,"like the game but needs more iconic cars like the r35, brz, evo, supra,etc."
76561198131329014,Not Recommended,241560,14330382,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mentos,"That's it Ubi, i am not buing one more game from you again. Ever. STOP RELEASING UNFINISHED GAMES!And anyone who states that thisgamepile of crap is feature complete (or the least fun to play) must be on some powerful narcotic or something."
,Recommended,241560,14465172,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,ThE mR.RAcCooN,cool racing game worth any cent!!!!
,Not Recommended,241560,28834771,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,☮ÐΛℕℕУJ745☮,"Cant compare to the playability of testdrive unlimited 2, i thought maybe it could replace can it fook, crap game , tdu3 is being made now what the crew should have been would have saved wasting time ,also i paid for this game and got refund it wasnt free just crap"
76561198061232142,Not Recommended,241560,18089308,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,[BNM]Ddedei,"What a wonderful game! Test drive Unlimited in a ♥♥♥♥ing big map! Wait! Microtransations? Wha... Connection with Uplay has been lost.UBISOFT...Also. i bought the game with the season pass. And the new ""BIG DLC"" will not be included.UBISOFT..."
,Recommended,241560,17110539,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ghosty,"PROS:Wonderful graphicsWide variety of carsHuge amounts of modificationsReally good storylineEpicly large open world!CONS:Well... to be honest I havent found too many. The physics are pretty great, etc...REVIEW:The crew is an awesome game. I dont understand why its down rated. Ubisoft supposedly havent been performing at their best, but I think they are doing very very well! This game is honestly fantastic. I would reccommend it to anyone considering Need for speed rivals, or other related pc titles!"
,Recommended,241560,32658811,Posted: 22 June,all,ZanceMarlow,"Not so bad racing game out there, the handling need more work."
76561198030493168,Recommended,241560,11923832,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Thazed,What a great game! Even in closed beta its a great game. Great sounds and the driving is modified to your exact liking. Modifications are absolutely insane! Thousands of options to customize and thousands of races and challenges you can do on the way. If you like racing games this is one to buy.. without a doubt.
,Recommended,241560,11947567,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Stago,"This game is so fun, even on my low-end PC that could only run it on like 20FPS. I played it with 2 of my other friends. The customizations are endless. The world is damn near limitless, and the gameplay is overall fun."
76561198164868940,Not Recommended,241560,23489799,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ChaosPhantomZX's brother,I have had this game for about a year and am now doing a review for some odd reason. I first wanted this game to play with lots of other people online and have fun. but the only major fun part in this game is the story which you can beat so quickly its not even funny.The game is fantastic but short and exspensive. Plus Noone ever realy gets online to play anymore. I got the game not long after it came out just so i could make friends and play together and nobody was online usualy except for me.So i do not recomend this game if you thought about buying it go use that money to buy Mad Max.
,Not Recommended,241560,21662919,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,shameless af,"I bought this game 3 days ago. Downloaded in 2 hours, deleted in 2 hours. Because this lovely game not opening! The issue is ""The Crew Game Stopped Working."" I never see intro too. Tried everything but still ""The Crew Game Stopped Working."". Don't buy this game because its ubi's game! (PM me if you have solution please.)"
76561198152860645,Recommended,241560,13891474,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,UAE_ahmed555,Please I want Arabic translation file for the game the crew
,Recommended,241560,11908189,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Savierpain,"My favorite racing game. Takes a while to get used to the driving, but still a great game."
,Not Recommended,241560,21045714,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Fidelman,Steam refunds are revolutionary.
,Not Recommended,241560,33900922,Posted: 30 July,all,soldiervincent,I have a lot of bugs in races in which I crash my car and respawn 1km from my last location (sometimes further) Don't purchase this game!
,Recommended,241560,15977178,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,.Zero,this game is really good only thing is that its not as fun to play alone as if you were to play with some friends other wise there many things you can do a lot of cars to choose from.10/10
,Recommended,241560,33762580,Posted: 24 July,all,StuntManMike²,Just play it - for occasional and heavy users
76561198717455702,Recommended,241560,32642552,Posted: 22 June,all,try hard seal dat isnt good,i was looking for a free roam car game but this is good enough anywaysits still a good game
76561198259058474,Recommended,241560,32778414,Posted: 25 June,all,nickfransen1,"Review of The Crew.This game is THE game to play when u want game with 2 possible terms: Real in an arcade-y way, or arcade-y in an real way. The graphics are in my opinion REALLY good, and look realistic.Pro's:Graphics are amazingGood amount of carsPretty good StoryA big variety in missions/racesU can drive around the whole of f*cking America!Handling is okayIn my experience unlike other reviews no crashes/disconnects so far.Good upgrading systemNo pay to win!Etc..Cons:Braking seems too slow on some cars.Not the most realistic car damageU need a real good pc for this gameStory is good, but feels a bit shortSometimes cars from other players dont show, so u just see a floating name driving around.Cops catch up way too fast, this is an con and kind of an pro but ill leave it to an conA.I are kind of op, while its still easy to win, they just have some aspects where they are too overpoweredOverall rating: 8/10Highly recommend the game, its amazing besides the cons. People give this game negative reviews because they thought this game would be an racing sim, but its not. its an Amazing Semi arcade racing game."
76561198135738249,Recommended,241560,16627112,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Patterson (Teeopo),"It is a good game, with good racing qualities, i highly recomend it, however you need to play it to get used to it"
,Not Recommended,241560,23990628,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Casper,"It regularly crashes and the (XB1 controller) controls feel wrong. Steering is way too arcadelike, isnt much fun."
76561198020133786,Not Recommended,241560,21018171,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,LogicaObtinet,"Barely any cars, have to pay for most of them.Can't drive around freely with trophy trucks because they are mission only which is stupid.Usually not many people in game (which kinda defeats the purpose of an online racer) because they ♥♥♥♥ed everyone over."
76561198211086621,Not Recommended,241560,21077067,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Clopto,"Was great at first, got the season pass because USUALLY that includes ALL DLC in the future. Still had to buy Wild Run, ok fine a-holes. Now almost every time I play it crashes and I am now afraid to play it for the health and safety of my PC. I call mass amounts of BS, fix you♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft!"
,Not Recommended,241560,14171039,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,50 carbovanciv,"Biggest fail of 2014 for me. And`ve seen some bad games , trust me. They wasted 70% of budget for avdertisement and 30% on actual game. It could`ve been and good one IF THEY BOTHERED TO PUT AN EFFORT IN IT"
,Not Recommended,241560,16034611,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,carbondragon,"Do NOT waste your money on this hollow shell of a game.It's titles like this that move the title of ""greediest gaming company"" to other people than EA. Your initial $60 gets you a whopping 40 models of car, with somewhere between 1 and 5 tuning settings each. Then, you're forced to pay for any additional content they provide past ""updates"" for those first 40 cars. Now that wouldn't be so bad if they didn't waft all these extra rides in front of your face on every vehicle select screen, including the new car lot, making every completionist out there cringe. Oh, and the icing on the car cake? Your vinyls/liveries for your car are limited to whatever presets are available in the game, and some cost as much as a new car. Talk about limited customization!On top of all their swindling of your cash, the map is far from fleshed-out, with vast expanses of nothingness where only one relatively small subset of the vehicles in the game can get above 60mph. This makes the game feel very empty, and it's only compounded by only being able to see 7 other players (in an MMO, haha!) at a time in-world. The rest of the ""life"" in the game are NPC cars with little to no driving skill who will inevitable get in your way more often than not, NPC pedestrians with whom your only interaction is ""spooking"" them out of the way, and random furry critters that act suspiciously like the people.The story is short and will only take a day or two to finish for a decent player. The endgame content is lacking and the leaderboards are dominated by trainer-using cheaters, so you can give up your dream of being e-famous in this game.It really feels like I paid $60 for a very pretty but very empty tech demo. Despite desperately needing some games to play with new PC friends, I'd never recommend this thing to anyone."
,Not Recommended,241560,21640609,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,H Y P E B E A S T | /Supreme/,UNOPTIMIZED SERVERS FOR ASIAN PLAYERS (specifically SEA).Buying to play with your friends is f*cking ironic.
,Recommended,241560,13193964,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,lionheart2189,solid game besides uplay but its really not that annoying oh and the extent at which you can just pay to win at this game is pretty bad but really who cares if someone has a faster car than you everyone just cruises around do rolling takeoffs anyways
,Not Recommended,241560,16354659,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Panzerkampfwagen-VI,shi.ttiest driving mechanics ever
76561197968405732,Recommended,241560,13193600,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,warlock7981,"Game is awesome for the little amount of time I've played. MMO Car Game? Racing fans MUST JOIN IN AND SUPPORT THIS! Buy the game, cruise around, and take on the world if you feel like it."
76561198032587162,Recommended,241560,11926587,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,=EX= Illivatur,"I am not into Car racing games and have only ever owned Gran Torismo 5 for the PS3, I bought the racing wheel that goes with the game and played it for about 20 hours total before it sat and collected dust. My buddy talked me into getting The Crew and I haven't regretted the purchase 1 single second. The racing wheel plugged right into my PC and works like a charm on the game. I would recommend anyone who buys this go and get yourself a racing wheel with the game, it makes the game so much more enjoyable but it works fine without the wheel. The game can only get better by launch. Srsly, get this game!"
76561198006699122,Recommended,241560,11927060,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Trixster Magee,"I Only had to start the game, and alreddy i was lost, 10 hours later i looked up from the screen and i realised... i really had to goThis was even more spectacular than immagined , The game was fluid, beautiful, and exciting. the ""Beta"" mark in the corner was the only thing preventing it from seeming like a fully polished game, The only bug i had through the game was that the *you are close to getting arrested* sound kept playing even when i escaped the police, that happened once, but that was fixed by restarting the game.the physics of the cars were great, the police Challenging, The people i played with were Nice. the story line was exciting. the grafics were beautifull. all in all my favorite game so far"
,Recommended,241560,11928272,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,One_Track_Mind,"What an amesome looking game.  Initially, I was worried it wouldn't be able to run on my computer but with all the graphical settings on low and 720p resolution it runs smoothly.  The controls had a minor but noticable amount of latency.  I was amazed at how good it still looked amazing even on low settings.This has the most impressive open world I have ever played.  Each geographical region is immersive enough to get lost in.  The cities are all absolutely excellent and really capture the layout and aesthetic of their real world counter-parts.  As San Francisco is my own local city, I was a bit disappointed to find that it was probably the weakest of the representations but it's certainly still passable and still a lot more accurate than the versions in the Driver SF, or GTA San Andreas.  The way the world loads around you as you drive reminded me a bit of the game FUEL though the map was obviously less repetative.  Your car seems to be surrounded by a radius of detail and the rest that's on your horizon is a bit vague.  This could also be due to the graphical settings I was playing on.I didn't really bother with much of the story.  I skipped cutscenes and completed enough tasks to unlock the freeroam driving, then played on my own terms.  I'm saving the experience of the story for when the full version is released.  There were a few bugs in the beta that I expect will be fixed before November.  Buildings and stationary cars are overly-reflective to the point where windows become blindingly bright.  The GPS line sometimes seems to not realized that you ARE following it and then givs up on you.  Some of the lines, crosswalks, and street signs same a bit out of sync.  The collision engine with plants is also very inconsistent at this point.  Crop fields have an excellent effect of folding up underneath your car but shrubberies in the deserts will not respond at all.  There's one bug that I actually found rather delightful and would be happy to see left in the final game.  When you drive through the Bayou, some of the alligators walk on just their front legs.  It's really funny looking.Overall, I highly recommend this game.  I think it has a lot of potential and it really deserves a lot of praise.  It is vey ambitious and I am eagerly awaiting it's ultimate release.  If rumors are true that more cities and regions will be added as DLC, I woud love to see Boston, and some expansion done to the Bay Area.  It would also be great to drive through some of the U.S.A.'s great amusement parks such as Disneyworld, Magic Mountain, and Cedar Point."
,Recommended,241560,11925717,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Alex_The_NoobLord,"*BETA Review* *spent most my time playing from Uplay*I would recomend this game to people who are looking for a good time NOT people who are looking for something realistic. The game has a pretty cool storyline(from what I have been able to play) and very nice graphics(allthough I couldn't play max as my computer is not that great). Lists of pros and cons can  be found belowPROS:1. In depth customizing of cars2. Cool story3. Nice graphics even on low4. Open World US map5. Many cool places to visit6. *In Future* Import music to game(as of second beta Agust 25th-29th 2014)7. Voice chat with other playersCONS:1. Unrealistic map (not very accurate to the actual shape of areas. ex west coast is 1/3 of the west half of the US, texas is practically half way across the map from where it should be)2. Non-realistic handling(cars slide too much)3. No offline mode. Wish I could play without wifi4. Crew only suports 4 people.5. Voice chat is all languages. No separate chanels for english, japanese, arabic, ect.6. Voice chat sounds poorly. Either too loud to too soft. bad quallity.(had my friend do a comparison with me. He said it sounded horrible on the crew vs skype)Overall:Nice game with lots of room to play with. Could have better handling but I don't think this was ment to be a sim. Loved the cars, as each has its own strenghts, and weaknesses. Very cool visual upgrades(my dirt spec Nissan 370Z had some cool hill climb looking parts). The only thing I would have wished for is some late model cars. Not just the newest 370z or the 1967 Mustang. It would have been nice to see a 1999 Viper in beta. I know they had the 2002 Skyline GTR R34 but thats a common car in these games.Overall Loved it.Could it be better?Yes.Hoping for improvements for November?Definitely"
,Not Recommended,241560,34485914,Posted: 25 August,all,cosporcos,"The controls are awful and for some reason i had lag and spasms on the input for the vehicle. I don't know if it might be because the game is online but it controlled like i was getting a 300+ms lag on my input for no reason. My pc specs are higher than the required, i'm using a perfectly fine xbox controller and my connection is 100up/100down with no latency problems for any (other) game.When i went to check the forums (yeah i know i should've did that before buying) the game is no longer mantained or supported they just left the servers running for the microtransactions.I guess i shouldnt've trusted ubisoft with uplay, my first online game through uplay and it seems to be a disaster.I just hope steam accepts the refund request."
,Not Recommended,241560,25831744,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,tsj9834,Didn't run on my computer. Customer Support took 2 days of trying to get it to work and it still didn't. Don't expect it to work for you if you buy it.
,Recommended,241560,14887230,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,PONYBOY,I just got a new pc so i cant play the game (i bought it on the old pc) how do i fix this?
,Not Recommended,241560,17279075,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,♎ Frosco ♎,"I liked the game yeah, but i was expecting more, it repeats a lot, and the missions seem a bit apart from the story,It´s enjoyable, but not as much as i thought, this is my personal opinion"
,Recommended,241560,14130721,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kdog,It is a awesome game I got it and in a few days I had it beat because it is that fun you can play for hours on end and it is always fun to get more cars and do the side missions when it is beat I played more of it after for days.
,Not Recommended,241560,34531894,Posted: 27 August,all,CuBeX,was a good game but not any more:- servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥- content is boring- just wait for The Crew 2 !5/10
,Not Recommended,241560,23531152,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,nesta,"Quite a disappointment.I'll keep it simple, don't buy it. The physics are worse then what you can find available for the iPad, and the graphics are pretty measily. Overhyped, and looks way nicer on the outside then on the inside.If you on a budget, don't waste $30 on this, or $15, or $5 for that matter. Please, PLEASE, take this review into consideration when thinking about buying this game."
,Not Recommended,241560,23858921,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ziteseve,"I really wanted to like this game...it was literally the same thing over and over again.i think this game would have been mucho better if it was more of a mix of gta5/NFS and the world of ""the crew""id love to see a racing game like this make an even larger map this one was impressive but you could still really feel the scaling back of the map.6/10"
76561198152231855,Not Recommended,241560,23850968,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rehability,"The game didnt work until i backed up my driver, I dont recommend it."
,Recommended,241560,11892343,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,TrusT_Mi #CantHitShots,Very nice beta. There are some problems but overall a very good game. Way better than some of the betas i have tried.
76561197972609948,Recommended,241560,11916036,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Betelgeuse,"Pinged off into space, got an achievement for reaching 250 miles per hour for the first time.I enjoyed my time playing the beta.  The map is really big.  Its a stylized version of the United States and it takes a good while to drive from one side to the other.  I tried to have cops chase me from one end of the country to the other, but the waypoint line kept dissapearing.  Then I would just get lost.  Wouldn't be a terrible idea to add in compass or some road signs.  You don't have to stick to the roads though, which really increases the area of your playground.The dirt specced cars handle just as well offroad as they do on pavement, with the sacrifice of speed.  They let you try out the other specs in missions, and they seem pretty fun too.  Performance, Raid and Circuit all have their different specialties as you would expect, though you start with a fullstock car that is pretty slow and handles poorly.  You get your street spec shortly after which will improve incrementally.Car handling is good.  As you level up and gain better parts from missions and skill tests, the way your car handles will change drastically.  They capped the beta at level 10, and I have mostly level 10 gold parts.  The car handles completely different.  It sticks to the road a lot better and feels an awful lot like the Need for Speed series.When you open the map, your car just sits in the middle of the road.  When I first started the game, I got my crappy fullstock car and did what anyone else would do.  I set a waypoint and put the hammer down.  What I didn't realize at the time was, that other people were also in the process of doing the same thing.  They had moved ahead and were now sitting dead in the road checking their map.  All the npc cars kind of clumped up around them as they slowed down to go around.   Fullstock cars don't really brake or turn well.  They don't happen to stick to the road as you would like them to.  What they do well, is turn into a ballistic missile when you try to evade these little clumps.  I'm sorry to the 5 or so people I smashed into.That being said, there isn't much of a penalty for causing gigantic accidents.  There also isn't much in the way of reactions.  Cars get dented up, and you get a short little slowed down cutscene of your car smashing into the other car (or tree, etc).  You loose a little health permanently (until you repair) and the rest regenerates.  Sometimes the police get on you because of this.  With a lower level car, it was challenging to get away from the police, but with my 213 street car, it can be more difficult to keep from out running them.  I expect the difficulty will be ramped up by release with more police variation.  They will do a few neat things like try to box you in and stop you.  They'll try to ram and pit you, but for the most part they're kinda dumb.The cars sound great and the graphics are really well done.  Small glich; the radio plays really low for me.  Sounds like I'm outside the car listening to the music, but the mustang sounds like a guess a mustang would.  There is a good sense of scale and size to the city when you're in it.  The buildings are tall and the streets are pretty wide.  Las Vegas has pretty lights and is in the middle of a desert.  Looks incredible as your driving up to it at night.  Miami is nice, and Washington D.C. is a short hop from New York.  It looks like they could potentially add in other maps as well.I want them to have better filters for the map, so you can see other people better, and isolate which missions and skills will give you upgrades.  I saw people, but not as many as I expected.  There were definately a lot of people playing, but it seemed to split people up into server shards.  I really hope they allow more people onto the same session at release.This game really has a lot of potential.  As it is, its a really fun experience.  I enjoyed my time with the game.  Played with a GTX 660; i5 4670k 3.4Ghz Quad Core, 16 GB Ram and a  500GB solid state drive.  Ran very smooth on ultra 1080p fullscreen with an occasional hard stutter that would recover after a few seconds.  They only happened about once an hour or so.  I expect graphics card drivers to fix this, because the game seemed to be optimized for my rig specifically.  I read others have had some problems, as it does require a fairly sturdy computer."
,Recommended,241560,11884871,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Assa,This is a gr8 game if your a car enthusiast. it got a nice story line and good balance between single and multiplayer options
,Recommended,241560,11888731,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Siles Kovacs,"Everything need for speed world should have been, with all the fun of the phyics engine and the hardcore setting a racer could grow to love. I will be playing this for some time..."
,Recommended,241560,11891062,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,_Makaveli,GOOD GRAPHICS AWESOME CARS BIGGGG MAP
,Recommended,241560,11894609,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Ryuuzaky,What can i say? this game is amazing!
,Recommended,241560,11898656,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Boobstrap Bill (ass)Turner,"It's awesome. One minute I'm in vegas, ten minutes later I'm flying of a ski piste.Basically I really like this game because I just love driving around in a huge open world. If you're notas branded on doing that as I am, then watch this review first:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rj7GY8LxlwI play on hardcore with a driving force gt. It's way less arcade than I expected. The feedback is really great and you can really feel the car. It's not all too realistic but aside from gt and shift 2 this is the best game I've played for my gt."
,Recommended,241560,11917491,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Gᴏᴅ Bᴇᴀᴛᴊɪᴛᴢᴜ━☆ﾟ.*,"Because the intelligent are few in number, I've decided to remove my previous, dear to heart review that scored an apparent 44% rating for what-ever reason. Anyway, I will now recommend the game to you and tell you that it has gewd graphix."
,Recommended,241560,11918617,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Grimjar,"I have been looking for a game like this for a long time!MMO racing game, massive playground.Love it."
76561198005552208,Recommended,241560,11923804,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,What'sYourBBMpin,"I started out in Detroit did a few races to build my rep then once i was satisfied I raced to new york tuned up my car to dirt spec and went head to head with other racers it was amazing along with that I got to vist the grand canon, the big bend, white house, and countless other tourist sites then to top off I found a ruin of an old car which slowy but surely i built a car out of i'm not gonna spoil it but it was sick. if you like racing and exploreing this is for sure a game for you. The crew gets everything just right. The exploration, racing, pvp, it's amazingpro'sRacing is everything you'd expectExplortion is unmatched with any other racing game or sim out theirCar's the vehicles in this game are spot on to real life models and the best part you can strip them apart and customize to your liking.Consgrahpics are a bit ehh just missing alot of polish.pvp needs work wasn't all that great really laggy at times and sometimes you complete lost control of your car during the races"
76561198009011597,Recommended,241560,11924448,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,MATmoS,Awesome game full of missions and fun things to do on the road.Love how you need diffrent types of cars for diffrent missions.they did an amazing job on the closed beta.the only thing i dont like is the npc's their♥♥♥♥♥♥but i accept it since the full game isnt out yet.ill give this one  8/10
76561197999233505,Recommended,241560,11890786,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,[TLRU] Grimreape,"Beautiful Map, amazed every time i play just to drive around!"
76561197987935809,Recommended,241560,11924340,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,SurferDevo,"This game is an arcade style racing MMO. A lot of people complain because the gfx arent that great, but to be quite honest they are just fine, fine enough to be able to see the reflections of buildings on your cars paint job. i dont know what it is that people want. Nonetheless, the game is decent and i do look forward to playing it when it comes out, seemed to have a great variety of cars as well as mod parts, and cars are easy for them to add later so thats not even an issue, There are tons of drive space including offroading, with tons of objectives, goals, and acheivements.  My only complaints so far are, that there seems to be too many objectives that arent neccesarry, because you can get car parts so fast it doesnt seem like you even need to go out of your way to try that many objectives before your car is ""maxed out"" for that area. Also it seems like after about 2 months of playing you will have completed most of the content so unless they quickly add content every few months, there is a chance that the game could become quite boring.For some reason the game doesnt cater to people who like to drive in manual either, after completing the mini objectives a screen comes up letting you know what you ranked and gives you your reward, but if you are driving in manual trans. the game wont let you down or upshift while this screen is up, which is extremely annoying considering manual is how a car is REALLY supposed to be driven."
,Recommended,241560,11914446,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Stormy,"It's a pretty fun racing game, people in it are dirty as ♥♥♥♥ and ram the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you but if you drive defensively they just get wrekt."
76561197988823401,Recommended,241560,11912429,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,NorthwestREIGN,most enjoyable closed beta ever. This game is a monster and it'll be a beast when it comes out
,Recommended,241560,13207824,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,A Man,"9.9/10 Pure awesomeness.I'm not into driving games, infact I haven't really played a driving game since Need For Speed Most Wanted on the PS2. I decided to grab the gold edition of this game because I had some extra steam credit, and god it was worth it. The driving feels really nice, and there are a couple cool types of races. There are regular street races, off road races, and raid races where you try to destroy/damage the opponent's vehicle by ramming into them. The MMO aspects of the game are awesome, It's cool seeing 10 to 15 (you can only usually see around 10 people in one city, and driving around you'll come across different players) driving in the same area as you. The graphics are very nice, and the game runs pretty smoothly. (I play at Max Settings/1080p/50-60fps depending on location. Consoles apparently run it at the same but at locked 30fps.) The map is also massive. I drove from Michigan to Tennessee to Georgia to Florida, seeing cities like Detroit, Nashville, Atlanta, Miami, and other various small towns you can encounter in the countryside. You can literally go across the entire US. (It took me 10 minutes to go from Detroit to Nashville, so I'm assuming it'd be about an hour or so to drive from east coast to west coat and vice versa.) The Crew aspect which makes the game unique is also very fun. You can team up with random players or your friends and race or do missions. Overall, It's extremely fun, and It really suprised me since I'm not a big racing/driving game fan.TL;DR buy this game, you won't be dissapointed."
76561198117352377,Recommended,241560,13665682,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,hek of,Brum Brum! GR8 M8 I R8 8/8 DONT H8 M8
76561198067808175,Recommended,241560,13439676,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,NocternalGames,"I thought The Crew is a great game. I will admit that it isn't  for everyone and i have a few complaints, like the lack of cities in the game, i would've liked to see Atlanta in there, which is where i live, but i digress. It is still very fulfilling to drive across the country and see all the major American sights. My last really good racing game was Midnight Club LA and that game was very frustrating, but extremely fun with friends. This game has a bit of a different feel, since there aren't any game types like there were in Midnight club (I realize they are completely different developers) but I would like to see Some gametypes implemented, like keep-away. But anyway, The Crew is addicting, And from a developer's standpoint, as i am, for a game of this scale, the graphics are pretty insane. The world is massive, but it still looks beautiful and runs very smoothly. Even the little things, like reflections no the cars. I see all these people complaining about visuals  and AI catching up to you. Firstly, what do you expect from the police? a cake walk? and secondly, It would be too easy without auto-catchup. I personally prefer a challenge. It's a good game, and I am optimistic for new features and DLC's. In the meantime, see you on the road."
76561198063632895,Recommended,241560,13295400,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,UnsightedScarab,"Absolutly amazing. This game is the perfect in-between of GT and Forza. People have been compairing this game to Forza, but in reality they shouldnt because its totally different. Other racing games have been about one thing; race, win, upgrade, and repeat. But this game adds character that everyone has been craving in a racing game. The social racing style gamepaly is incredible to say the least. Example: I pulled up to another driver and reved my engine a little and we both did a burnout and drag raced to the end of the Vegas Strip. Afterwards I flashed my lights and he flashed back and we took off. Do I know that person? Will I ever see him again? No and probably not. But it was insanly fun none the less. Now on to the pros and cons because there are actually quite a lot of both.Pros:1. The open world (probably the games best feature to be honest) is to say the least HUGE. But is also deatailed very very well.2. The Customization is also very detailed and expansive.3. Social Interactions and ease of joining friends. Very very easy to join friends.4. Very little to no delay or lag. When playing with friends its not like TDU2 where you see someone teleporting next to you (Ah the memories). Its to say the least almost seamless even at high speeds.5. The little need to spend real money on crew credits. I made enough in one day to buy the La Ferrari. Its easy but no OP easy.6. The graphics on the cars and people. I would give the graphics on the cars a 9/10 for the exterior, and a 8.6/10 for the interior. The people on the other hand are easily 10/10.Cons:1. The relativly small number of cars in the game is quite frankly annoying. When you compare to other games its very small. My view on this will probably change with the DLC coming out next month.2. Missing specs: now this is really really annoying to me. Not because there are missing specs. Its that you can still race against those specs in races. If your going to pull specs then pull them completely. Not just from players.3. Level cap of 50. I got to 50 in 3 days. If its that easy you should have a level cap of 150. That would take a lot longer.4. You can't sell cars. Now come on Ivory Tower, I know theres some old TDU devs in there.5. Barley any cosmetic tuning on the raid and circuit specs. You cant tune any of the body work besides wheels and color on those 2 specs. I can understand the circuit spec (not wanting to misrepresent car companies), but raid?6. Broken car level system with AI. The rubberbanding (When they slow down when your behind and instantly catch up when your ahead) in insane when doing non story AI races. Wheres the logic when a level 800 circuit spec can catch a level 1128 circuit spec easily?To top this review off even with those cons, this game is still absolutly stunning. If I could go back and preorder it over again, I would do it in a heartbeat. The last time I had this much fun in an open world game was probably skyrim. Its amazing where your on the top of a mountian or in a city and see something far in the distance and you can say ""I can drive there"". Good job Ivory Tower and good job Ubisoft.My final score for this game is 9.7 out of 10."
,Recommended,241560,13413086,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,niipazzo,"After 180hrs of gameplay and 4-5hrs of waiting till maintenance end, gonna say that this game is definetely worth playing. Id also say that it is the best racing game in years imo. There are still annoying bugs left, 1 month after release, like achievements that do not trigger completed, constantly resetting odometer and couple more, but i have a hope that this will be fixed soon.See you on the road, driver."
,Recommended,241560,16069680,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Unto_Darkness,Awesome Game love the full usa map
,Recommended,241560,13244253,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Cyprus_,Beat an Aventador with a Mini10/10 would do again
76561197986445076,Recommended,241560,17125817,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Turenkarn,"Review update.time for a review update on the game. since the wildrun patch. the game has gone downhill. lots of players have problems with the landscape when in races hitting roads and getting stuck. and it effects faction and story missions. there are many forum threads about this bug. one thread has 20 pages. my daughter who plays the game. has the bug. we sent in ticket and all we got was its your port settings you need to change them. but did they give port settings nopes. anyways we use the same connection and my game works fine and the game reports no problems with the connection. we sent in another ticket giving all the info they wanted. and over a week now and still no responce from there support team.  i also wonder if this is linked to players owning the crew and not the wildrun addon.  if she could she would want her money back as this game is now unplayable for her.i still think this could be a great game. if they can just sort out the bugs ingame. as they effect main missions and races and factions. would also be great to hear from other players with the bug. as i want to know if they have the full wildrun. or are they just running the orig creworiginal reviewmany players slamed this game. but tbh for me i love it. i used to play need for speed world. then they pulled the plug on it. so gutted. but great. gave me a chance to play the crew again. i tested it in the beta and loved the idea. ok the maps are not to scale. but its a start and gives other companies an idea of what they can do. remember peeps. in the 80s. when games was like so bad 4 coloures and beeps and bops etc. this game is a long long long way from that. i just love driving about and doing my own thing. radio on random play DRIFTING the car around corners ""something that would never happen on the online version of need for speed world. and i would defo recomend buying it when its on offer.  12 pounds is a good deali would give this game 8 out of 10. and 9 out of 10 when on offer.if you loved need for speed then defo buy this.and devs can you do versions of other countrys please. i would love to drive about the uk and wales and scotland etc. then enter germany etc. would make great data pack dlcs. :)"
,Recommended,241560,16821672,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,v1nnr,Great game
,Not Recommended,241560,22036310,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,[SiN]Rabbit,"As an owner of The Crew, with the Season Pass, it would cost me more to buy Wild Run by itself than it would cost a non-owner to buy The Crew-WIld Run Edition, as they would be paying just $9 for Wild Run whereas I, someone who bought the game at Full Price when it came out, have to spend a GREATER amount of money, $15, to get Wild Run. This is punishing current owners, even if you don't account for the drop in price or the discount, because it means that as someone who actively owns the game it effectively is more expensive for me to get to the same point than it is for someone who doesn't get own it.If you compare gained content, rather than raw price, I am gaining the same amount (Wild Run) for $15 that someone who buys the Wild Run edition gets for $9.I wanted to get Far Cry Primal to play with my life-time coop buddy, because I love Far Cry. I own FC3 and FC4.I am never buying an Ubisoft game again. Ever. Because I know this company direction is going to continue forever. Ubisoft used to be fantastic back when they first started making Assassin's Creed. Ubisoft has become more loathesome than EA."
,Recommended,241560,13199922,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sir Reginald L. Colt,"This game grabbed everything good from the Need For Speed games, Burnout games and even Test Drive Unlimited 2.After the gap left in my heart by the NFS series and its... turn to the worse... I was in need of another racing game...For a few moments, Test Drive Unlimited 1 and 2 along with Midnight Club 3 and L.A. kept me entertained... and then there was nothing...But look no further! This game will scratch your street racing itch in a way only Need For Speed Most Wanted (the good one) did!EDIT (Wild Run expansion): The Wild Run expansion added a whole bunch of new features, giving the game even more content! Although I still feel like there are a bunch of flaws (looking at you, Monster Trucks...) I think it's definitly worth getting with the Wild Run expansion!EDIT (Calling All Units expansion: Ergh... they dun' goofed...  this expansion, unlike the previous, adds close to nothing aside from a few re-skinned cars to look like cops... aaaaaand this brings us to the horrible chases...Chases -could- be fun and done right (like in NFS: Hot Pursuit)... but instead we have chases where about five cops spawn in front of you out of nowhere AND that are somehow able to keep up with you (because Crown Victorias are -surely- capable of going alongside a tuned Pagani Hyura...)... but, to be honest... this is understandable.BUT... the PvP chases ARE NOT... you can get busted going 300 KM/h just because the other player is keeping up with you... and then you have the class differences...If you start a chase it doesn't matter at all what you are driving... if you want to level up your Street Spec, good luck... most cop players will catch up easily with their Perf/Circuit specs... again, not a problem... you can start the chase right after being Busted.Buuuuuuuuuuuut the same cop will be called and you WILL be harrassed by said cop... every. Time. You. Restart.Now, on the cop side, you'll be lucky if your ""fellow"" interceptors don't knock you 10 miles in the opposite direction because reasons... same with other player cops...As for single player content...The new character is awful. Seriously. Absolutely horrible.The missions are boring and easy... and there aren't many of them.So...TL;DRThe Crew - It's a good racing game with a whole bunch of content! Not perfect but not bad! 7/10Wild Run - Amazing. Does exactly what you want from an expansion; more content and more hours of fun! 8.5/10!Calling All Units - Utter garbage. I do NOT recomend this expansion. At all.But yeah. The game is great fun! Calling All Units crippled it slighly, but it's still great!"
,Recommended,241560,13267583,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,SneakyGingy,"Edit:  It was increasingly harder to find those willing to dedicate time to Co-Op missions with me around levels 40-50.  Also, I also get ""no one is in your session"" a bit.  Not very ""MMO"" but I still enjoyed the playthrough, will continue playing, and I'm interested to see if something happnes to make finding races with others a bit easier.Edit:  Ok, now it seems a bit broken.  I was wrapped up in the story line and getting ot level 50.  I can see how getting involved with the faction and rising up the tiers there would be interesting... but there is never anyone to co-op with.   Not much of a ""MMO""....So, there have been some mixed reviews about The Crew.  Most of them comparing this game to other games like Forza Horizon 2 (Amazing game) and the NFS series.  Remember, this is its own game.  Take it for what it is:  an arcade style racing game with the capability to connect with others in an open world setting.  In that sense, the game completely delivers.I haven't encountered any bugs or issues except for one disconnect a few days ago.   I also think a few of these reviews haven't given the game enough effort.  They're complaining about not getting gold/platinum parts or that people can pay for them.  Absolutely they can pay for them, but they can also be earned.  That's part of the challenge and the parts are wtihin reach.The car list isn't extensive which is a bit upsetting and Ubisoft should really release them instead of making us pay.  That would really be my only complaint.  Tons of customization is available and the story line really isn't that bad.  I actually enjoy the cutscenese inbetween moving from city to city to try and build the 5-10 reputation and get to Coburn.It is also worth noting that as you progress, new race modes are made available and features to immerse you further into The Crew such as factions and different classes.I honestly believe some of the backlash is from the other Ubisoft launches this year that were subpar, but this game is exactly what they state it to be.  I recommend The Crew.  It's a great game.Edit:* They do need to fix the chat a bit. (Simply disable the profanity filter.)* Wish there were a few more people to run into (add more people to the servers?)* Make sure you select ""Co-op"" when you go to race  it really enhances the experience* Fix the AI (Cops and Racers)"
,Not Recommended,241560,33012443,Posted: 29 June,all,SpookyDiaboliC,"Pretty bad, the cars don't even feel like cars in other games, they driving is absolutely unrealistic and terrible. It want's to be NFS so bad, no wonder they have a good sale, it should just be free, and still not even worth playing."
76561198002354981,Not Recommended,241560,33157518,Posted: 2 July,all,DuctTapeNinja,"My computer beats the minimum requirements by a wide margin, but with the graphics turned all the way down, I bounce between 60fps and about 5fps. In addition, there's a horrible input lag of about 1 second from button press to things happening. It looks like it could be fun, if it weren't awful."
,Recommended,241560,13265394,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,∞ Infinity,"I love how people hate it because it involve Ubisoft, while the game is made by Ivory Tower mainly and Ubisoft	is just act as publisher. *sigh*Maybe I'm wrong?"
76561198067428757,Recommended,241560,13208818,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Synonism,Best racing game since Midnight Club: Complete Edition. In my opinion.
,Recommended,241560,13302001,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,DrifterKidZ<DKZ>,-More realistic-Good graphics-Best open world racing game-Must buy game*****
76561198059323224,Recommended,241560,13347620,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Cunt™,Best racing game I have played in a long time. It'll keep me sane until GTA 5 comes out.
,Recommended,241560,13300246,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,[ENRL] Mr. Hax,It's the best of Ubisoft's 4 big games this year.
76561198002786866,Recommended,241560,13300692,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Obo,The crew is a great racer for racer fans. the one down side is that if you dont know many people who play this game you will be very lonely.
,Recommended,241560,29947323,Posted: 15 February,all,g4msGaM3R,"I will separate this into two categories: Single Player and Multiplayer. Seeing as both have different stories to tell, I feel it would be appropriate to split them up. Warning, there may be spoilers, but nothing that will ruin the whole story. Enjoy.Single player:The single player has a great story, as do most games made by Ubisoft. You start the story as Alex Taylor, a man and brother who gets put into prison and framed for his brothers' death, which was caused by the main antagonist, Shiv. Throughout the story, you compete and earn your rank through a sort of street gang lead by various characters by their status, (V2, V4, V6) ultimately trying to get to the top, V8, where Shiv stands.Each city you unlock, which I might add are major cities throughout the United States, (LA, New York, Miami, etc.) you gain new members to your crew, or basically guidance and emotional support to your driving and discovery of locations, races and more. Your crew becomes a valuable asset to you, both becoming good friends and especially people you can count on.Now, for the actual review part:The single player had some good moments, great scenes, and overall a great racing experience. The handling of vehicles is the best I've seen throughout all my years of racing games, and takes the cake for that. The only thing I really wish they would have done was spend more time on the ending. It seemed very rushed and very anti-climactic. This though does not change my overall feel of the game, I still love it.Multiplayer:Multiplayer can be a separate story on its own simply in the fact you can basically go anywhere, with anyone. Traveling far distances with friends or strangers can be quite a great experience, especially if you can tolerate driving for literally hours at a time in real time. To put into perspective, you can probably make it across the whole map (let's say LA to Maine) in about an hour, or close to. This is driving at full speed, at least at 330km/h (at least I was).There's plenty of places to visit, plenty of great atmospheric areas to go to. It can be very biased, but if you're not into driving for hours at a time, I wouldn't bother playing multiplayer, I'd just stick to the story.All in all, it's a great game for what it's worth, can include hundreds of hours of multiplayer time if you're into it, or if not, you can free roam around at your will (and even go offroading in a dirt spec or raid vehicle!)."
,Recommended,241560,34751988,Posted: 5 September,all,M0hAmAd HaDi,this is game very interestingthank you
,Not Recommended,241560,25066975,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,R. Durbin (Durbdog),"I bought the most expensive version of this game. Played for about 30 minutes when I first got it, never played again for about 6 months. Just started playing again and nothing but crashes from this game. Didn't change a single thing on my PC and I can't even play it anymore. Absolutely no help from Ubisoft either."
,Recommended,241560,31124336,Posted: 13 April,all,Miesmacher,AMAZING.
76561198011952001,Recommended,241560,31301977,Posted: 22 April,all,IronFire,I absolutly love this game. It is really a good game.
,Recommended,241560,13230667,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,SpeedYz,"SpeedYz' ReviewI love The Crew. I love playing virtual tourist, driving around this massive map and exploring around with other players and causing destruction and mayhem. Have you ever raced from the Super-Dome to Met-life Stadium? Or driven from Seattle to Miami without stopping, just because you could?I love that you can also do almost every Mission as a 4-Play Co-Op,This is the biggest surprise game is years! It is not just a great racing game, It is an all around great game! It's my personal Game of The Year for 2014.Pros:MMOMassive MapStorylineShort and Long PVP racesGroup SystemDifferent Specs of CarsDLCCons:UplayNo Clan SystemCiv Cars graphics could be betterUplayReach level cap a little quickly"
,Not Recommended,241560,20226877,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Harcuski,"Getting it refunded <3Game doesnt work well with a steering wheel and if you mess around with the index files and settings to get it working well the game is too arcade like to bother. The map of the USA though big is empty and I didnt want to explore it and the story line was too edgy to handle, ""Ohh my brothere died now I must race..."""
76561198089624278,Not Recommended,241560,23827811,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,VolkY,Problems with nvidia!!!
,Recommended,241560,13225527,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Walnutmon,#AKATestDriveUnlimited
76561198044631009,Not Recommended,241560,14120411,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,rukcus,"ConsOverhyped, A waste of money.If you are looking for a game that you can modify your car with different parts and feel unique in your own creation look elsewhere.Story is lame and uninteresting.Physics purely geared towards arcade.MMO? maybe there are 3-4 people in the city you are in, meet up and smash into eachother because thats all you can do.I Can't find a reason to like this game. Better off getting GTAV  because this game is a basically a stripped down to just the driving."
,Not Recommended,241560,24453872,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,nahtE,"Quite easily one of the worst games I've ever played to do with driving a car.The cars do not handle. Like at all. You can sorta slide (drifting is obsolete), but your slide is not recoverable if you slide too much. I get this is an arcade game, but even arcade games obey some form of logic. This, does not.The AI are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cuckolds who ram you off the road or hit EVERYTHING in their path, and subsequently make you crash.Don't bother using a steering wheel with this game. The forcefeed back is more realistc for wrestling a bear than driving a car.Honestly... Ubisoft your reputation shows that you're a massive let down, and disappoint a lot..  but what the ♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its disgusting. Just ♥♥♥♥in stop yeah?I did say it was quite easily one of the worst. After 31 hours, I revoke my statement. It is the ♥♥♥♥ing worst.You want a cool street racing game that has loads of cars? Forza Horizon 3 is just around the corner. I spent $45 on this game. I wouldn't consider spending $5. Just wait for Forza."
,Not Recommended,241560,20158456,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,:],broken. spent 80 hours opening the game at first. then spent 19 hours on support. the rest is mostly idle after the story was over. 3/10 story 7/10 driving 10/10 race griding simulator
76561197976769245,Not Recommended,241560,20168908,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Barricade,Looks good on paper. Poor execution. My 4 year old loves it though. So...yea.
76561198318794748,Not Recommended,241560,24844033,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,muthubc,having some issues. game crashes very 2 min.
76561198048309884,Recommended,241560,13254614,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,beeryboy,"pros:- big♥♥♥♥♥map.- 5 hidden cars 4 hotrods and a buggy (20 hidden wrecks for each).- can fast travel to discovered areas if you cant be bothered driving.- the cars handle like real cars.- a good looking cockpit view.- decent car customization.cons:- cant change rim size- cant change colour of rims (each style of rim has chrome, black, white and gold variants).- car colours are presets (cant adjust to a specific shade).- heavy traffic always appears at the worst time.- traffic also likes to show up at corners when doing intense checkpoint runs.- ♥♥♥♥ traffic.- needs better variety of cars.- checkpoint runs are probably the most frustrating thing in this game i ended up throwing my controller and chair across the room because of one.i was really excited when they first announced this game because it was the racing game i had been dreaming of for so long, an open world racing game with nfs underground style customization and a large variety of cars but as of right now i feel let down and betrayed, i recommend this game because in the end its still a decent game"
76561198172874243,Recommended,241560,28071637,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ZivoxGaming,"This game is one of the best car games i have ever played! it has a huge map whit interesting stuff behind every corner. and yes it has glitches... sometimes you fly away and crash if you drive by the side of the train, sometimes you can get stuck on the wall on the side of the road and AI get stuck on some bridges, but a lot of gliches are really fun f.ex. the train glich.i have played this game two years now and i still come back many times and play it. the DLC in this game is great: the wild run was fantastic! i spendt many hours in the summit, trying to get gold or platinum. we will see about calling all units. the PvP is also really fun. you get many great gamemodes with good tracks. the custimasation in this good when it comes to appearence and ok when it comes to preformance, but it fits the urealistic style car driving.This is the perfect open world game for the person who is not that much into cars, but also for people who play a lot of car games. In my opinion the best open world and arcade car game."
,Recommended,241560,13193462,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Helisium,"UPDATE: The game is an absolute desert right now, It fails as a multiplayer-only game, it fails as a co-op game and it absolutely fails as a MMO.This game will be dead before the end of 2015, although the fact that only 5.000 people were playin this game on a saturday night tells me that this game is DOA.What a shame, this game could have been amazing.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The game was already good in BETA, but now that it's finally out I have to say that ubisoft has delivered, I admit that due to recent events (ACU) my expectations were very low, but still, the game has improved considerably from the beta and in all the right areas, handling has received a major upgrade, graphics are good (for a MMO) and the game is running very smoothly.Reviewing a MMO is a very difficult and in some ways unfair since these kinds of games tend to be improved upon with time, however as of right now, the game deserves praise IMO, If you loved the old NFS games like NFSU 1 & 2 and the 2005 version of NFSMW (the greatest racing game of all time), then this game is for you.Score: 6/10."
,Recommended,241560,13194454,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Utini,GREAT ♥♥♥♥IN' GAME!!!!
,Recommended,241560,13194699,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Poseidus,"I was skeptical at first with an open world MMO Car PG and thought there would be server issues on release and in general.  However, after playing for over 3 hours I got disconnected twice.  This game (especially on PC) is great! The graphics are awesome for an open-world game with no load times while doing fast travel.  The civilian and their cars are not as bad as many people pointed it out to be.  The environment looks great! Your car looks great!  My friends and I travelled from Chicago to Seattle through the mountains and never got bored.  There are side achievements/quests to keep you busy and if that's not thrilling enough you can bump into a cop car and have them chase you through the mountains.  The season pass was worth the buy. You will not only receive  12 cars (later on in 2015) but the Ferrari and Mclaren are fun to drive!All-in-all this game has a lot of modifications, unlockables, and is truely an awesome experience.  I can't wait to join a faction and put more hours into this!!  The hype is real :).  Hope to see everyone on the road!"
,Recommended,241560,31359498,Posted: 25 April,all,KASUM,Worth the money if u love racing games!
,Recommended,241560,28101475,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Selling Inventory,If you want to have fun with your Friends in a big online Open World Racing Game. This is the game for you!
76561198334426811,Recommended,241560,35165283,Posted: 23 September,all,Countryboigamer,One of the best games i have played. I don't nderstand why people hate it.
,Recommended,241560,13659271,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dregs,"When I first tried to read up on the scale of The Crew I had found forum posts talking about the time it takes to cross the map. Hearing times ranging from an hour to over two hours I was disappointed when I made it from Northeastern Maine to Malibu, California in just under 40 minutes.But it isn't just about the quantity of width, it was about the quality that expands to the north and south as well. Whether you even choose to do the campaign missions, there can be dozens of hours of pleasure found in traversing the country in Street spec cars. They did a great job capturing monumental structures such as the Golden Gate Bridge and Mount Rushmore or landmarks like the Bonneville Salt Flats and the Grand Canyon.The map itself doesn't feel copy and pasted either. Each section does seem to have its own unique features. Whether it be the snowy roads of the Rocky Mountains or the winding and elevating roads in the Giant Sequoia Forest, or Las Vegas towering over the horizon, it is worth going and seeing what The Crew has to offer."
,Not Recommended,241560,16396018,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Peteledete,"I wanted to like this game. I really did. I bought it with the last of my paycheck spending cash. And what a dissapointment it was. I was hoping to have something like Burnout Paradise, a game that I loved, but they didn't deliver on it. All in all, not a great game, but not worth 60 bucks, or the sale price of 36."
,Recommended,241560,17410498,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Homeless Doge,"Awesome game! Cool graphic, cool content and also very entertaining!"
,Recommended,241560,17710432,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,GT3^,"The Crew is the best car game I have ever played, and I have played many since 2005. As you can tell by my name I love cars.The game is worth 30 euro easily, simply the time it consumes and the free ride function is worth those 30 euros.For some reason because this game has all the ingredients which make it the best car game according to me, it seems like Ubisoft has almost interviewed car enthusiasts about what they would like to see in a game and implemented it.Only problem is the crashes sometimes, which can be annoying when you have a 1 hour race and you crash at 40 minutes through like I did yesterday, or when you're doing a challenge like for example a Smash challenge and a civilian car appears just in front of your cross, giving you an ultimatum that either you don't get gold on this challenge since you have to brake, or you smash into the car and still don't get gold, making you restart."
,Recommended,241560,19184452,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,DeLEERiYuM,my game wont load
76561198062064669,Recommended,241560,19734901,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,The_Masked_Frenchman,"A lot of people always gripe about this game. Like really? Uplay can be a hassle but I almost never have any problems with it. It's given me a lot of good times and some laughs. The cars it does include are some of my faves (Alfa Romeo's, Lamborghini's, and a Koenigsegg) but no Audi's, a small amount of BMW's and one Subaru?? Come on Ubisoft, and don't screw up the Division! I'd recommend this just because its not as serious and can be casually played and enjoyed. Overall, I give it an 8/10 for replay ability."
76561198138720880,Recommended,241560,21595970,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Newob,fun game!!!!!
,Recommended,241560,22038746,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,M27K,Good Game
76561198003924986,Recommended,241560,23469465,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,TreeKs,Très bon jeux je le recommande avc le dlc wild run !
,Recommended,241560,23570108,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,SpagettiVargen,Rili gud game
,Recommended,241560,23643435,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,1LastGame,"WARNING- ONLY GET IF YOU DONT MIND THE GRINDthis game is a really fun racing game but if you want good cars, you have to do a bit of grinding"
76561198294010633,Recommended,241560,24551895,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,nexuskosty,Good love my The Crew
,Recommended,241560,24619047,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BadLuckCharm,Great fun
76561198242586374,Recommended,241560,24711368,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ViruSs_Papa,this is a really great game love it. but play it with friends because i stopped playing it when they didn't play it. (its annoying alone)
,Recommended,241560,25630791,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mephisto,"Fun, fun, fun, and fun. Get this game if you're looking for a great game to spend your time with your friends.PRO+ great handling+ fun challenges+ good story+ map is huge+ nice graphics+ car customizationCONS- a bit buggy (stuck after mission, hitting a pebble will send your car flying to the sky etc)- need more cars / bikes- raid spec sucks. slow as hell and can barely turn- music is a bit mehoverall 8/10. Get this game. period."
76561198062643815,Not Recommended,241560,30009879,Posted: 18 February,all,Asterix,"Continuously get SPAMMED with messages pretty much BEGGING me to buy the dlc. Shut the ♥♥♥♥ up already, ubisoft. They give you new missions to do and you do them and you think hey this is fun and then they say; guess what, if you want more then you're gonna have to buy the dlc.This is the last ubisoft game i've ever bought."
,Recommended,241560,30099559,Posted: 22 February,all,Falcon p-p-p-p-p-p-p-punch,"very awesome game.i play it on my ps4,and it was an amazing game.Rlly worth it."
76561198049079527,Recommended,241560,33351637,Posted: 7 July,all,Catgirl,"I just want to know if they have ever drove a car ever in their ♥♥♥♥ING LIFE cause cars back ends don't just get loose for no ♥♥♥♥ING reason, that is all."
,Recommended,241560,17555969,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,carita51,"This is a really neat racing game!  Other than the different type spec vehicles, I aboslutely adore the community.  Most of those that I come in contact with are eager to help, and will actually spend time with you if you tell them that you're new.As far as gameplay, I enjoy the large map, and the vast graphics.  The physics; however, is something that I wouldn't give my highest rating to. (Although that's most car games I guess).The Crew reminded me of Need for Speed before it became boring with it's closed circuit racing. It would be nice if in the future we can customize the appearance of the cars even more though!  (Kinda like NFS Carbon). However, the perforance upgrades, and the variance with each part is superb!  It is SO possible to have two of the same car running completely different.  After all, that's realism!  Nothing is ever 100% alike, and I feel like this game captures that."
,Recommended,241560,18364818,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Capt. Fuckboi,awesome game... SOOO HYPED for WILDRUN!!!!
76561198097066036,Recommended,241560,19090485,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Marko,good game:D
76561198044789723,Recommended,241560,19147010,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,maurotehsilva,"The intsall helper is taking forever but this is a great game though. I would recommend more custmizability with the vinyls/stickers by adding layers, but that's just minor."
,Recommended,241560,19292227,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Gray,theres no words to describe this game but awesome this game is just so fun to either chill or relax in or improve your car to beat your own records.Love it :D
76561198106648758,Recommended,241560,20235957,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dethhater,"Really good game , sad that they make you pay for the wildrun expansion but besides that its great, i dont see why so many people be hating !"
76561198176202567,Recommended,241560,20405092,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,blackjack8289,I recomend it but when i bought it i bought wild run edition and when it tranfered to uplay it was the normal one.
76561198064392992,Recommended,241560,20954816,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,BliksemBliksemBoeman,"The game itself isn't this bad. The gameplay is fun and the amount of story line it brings is entertaining.But the storyline runs out way too fast, and the rest is, as usual, expensive DLC.The storyline is amusing, but it's not worth a Shakespeare play or even a bollywood movie.  As it starts good, it falls into a web of clichés within matter of seconds and dialogues are often very weak.Graphics of the game are questionable. The cars look good, but the enviroment sometimes looks like it's GTA San Andreas on a PS2. You can also hit certain trees and you can ride through other ones. Ubisoft also puts in it's bugs and glitches as always. There are a lot of cars in the game. But the idea of cars as DLC is quite ridiculous.As far as my experience with cars goes, i only had 3 cars in the whole game. The game isn't long enough and your rides can last for too many levels and too long of ""V-ranking"".It's a nice game, i'm glad i played it.  I've picked it up on Steam sales for around 10 bucks, but i would never pay the full price.  It's quite difficult to place it.  It's like John Travolta says about Milkshakes in Pulp Fiction; it's good, but i don't know if it's worth 30 bucks."
,Recommended,241560,20970111,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,HAMSTER,If you have a pretty good pc you should buy it it is a awesme game but needs good pc.
,Recommended,241560,21093744,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Ace of Spades,"Great story, awesome racing, motorbikes, cars, monster trucks, and an open world the size of America. What more could you ask for?Me: Needs the $160,000 reward. Starts 1.5h race against 3 NPC's. Get's to 48/49 of the checkpoints, has been in 1st the entire race. Dings car with wheels of motorbike.Goes.♥♥♥♥ing.Flying.Loses race because I'm on the other side of the damn map.10/10 would waste an hour and a half for nothing again.:steamsalty:"
,Recommended,241560,22082466,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,cp2yaxzc,Pros:Great size map (whole USA)Different kinds of event like dirt and monster etcGreat storylinePretty Graphics after the graphic updateHigh replay valueChallenging (some may find it hard but i find it fun)Cons:♥♥♥♥♥♥driving physicsstupid economy system (You need to spend long time to get cars)Small variety of cars (only 55 include DLC)The multiplayer doesnt work as expectedConclusion: Dont buy it at full price but it is a good game anyway
76561198137284224,Recommended,241560,22796448,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Shifter994,"Nemtudom mi baja van ennek, de frissítés óta nem indul hanem kidob egy hibaüzenetet hogy a the crew működése leállt. Mi lehet a probléma?"
,Recommended,241560,22796657,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Theoo,"Speed, Cars and cops what more do you need?Ohh yeah a dlc to about 49Euro....69/10Would play again!"
,Recommended,241560,23863171,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cattail,"I like open world games for the freedom and a chance to do whatever whenever. I’m not into online racing and while I do complete a lot of the single player content it’s only as means to an end. Namely opening new cars and locations. The Crew is an open world sandbox with whole North America as the playground. On paper that sounds like the best thing ever.One big problem I have with the complete edition is the DLC. As a bonus you get for free some of the fastest cars in the game and they are unlocked from the beginning. You can’t take these to beginner races and dominate everything but it does kill the need to progress. It takes hours upon hours of gameplay to earn enough to buy some of the fastest cars but since I already had a Ferrari and couple of McLarens there really was no need. It’s nice to get a Lamborghini but it’s not that different.Even with the DLC the biggest complaint I have though is the car list. There just isn’t anything fun here! Most of it is just new supercars or American muscle cars and even those are new models from recent years.Do you want to drive a red convertible into Las Vegas as in Fear and Loathing? Sorry the game doesn’t have convertibles. Do you want to be James Bond in one of his iconic cars? None of those are in the game. Fast and Furious it up with Mitsubishi Eclipse? Isn’t in the game. Maybe a hippie road trip in an old VW bus to San Francisco? Nope, can’t do that. Tofu delivery in the mountains with AE86? No. Herbie? No.The open world in the Crew is absolutely humongous and it basically has no loading times. You can fast travel to any point on the map and it takes about a second. It’s insane how fast everything is loaded. The map isn’t to scale (obviously) but comparing cities like New York into the versions seen in other open world games and the cities in the Crew are much bigger. Plus there is almost an endless amount of wilderness to explore. There is no other game that comes even close. When you do jump somewhere though, the roads are empty for a while before any traffic starts to show up. Even in its fullest the streets are quite empty. You can’t get stuck in traffic at New York because there never is enough vehicles. While the scenery changes a lot and cities look different everything feels a bit devoid of life. It feels like the map was created by algorithm, not hand crafted by actual humans. There aren’t any funny little details or anything like that. While understandable in a game this big it does take something away from exploration.Handling is arcade but I think it’s a good kind of arcade. Stock and street cars have nice feel to them. There are different variants and their behaviour is almost cartoonish. A performance car sticks to road like on rails while drift car just slides everywhere. Sense of speed isn’t very good at speeds under 100kph but going more than 200kph is really exiting. Collisions have some visual damage but it doesn’t have effect on handling and is repaired automatically after some time. Also respawning back to track is so fast that the dust from previous try hasn’t settled before you are back. It’s a really forgiving system.Personally I didn’t feel like there was annoying amounts of rubber banding AI. For example: The cars have levels depending on their handling, speed etc. All races have minimum level and at that level you can win with good driving. If you join an AI car level 70 race with a car that is level 140 the AI will still give a suspiciously good challenge. If you join with a car that is at level 250 though you will absolutely destroy them. So the AI doesn’t scale up indefinitely. Cops and other chase related activities is a whole another story with spawning roadblocks and such usual open world stuff.For someone who plays single player content the Crew is and open world playground without the “play” or an amusement park without “amusement”. The parks are and ground are on a technical level really worth seeing but the game lacks any soul. It’s sterile. The game runs fine and looks really good at times (The screenshots on the Steam page are bullshots). I had some issues with registering the keys to Uplay but few restarts did the trick. Without registering the game acts as trial which seems to have caused a lot of confusion but is not really an issue.I Recommend the free trial version. It is basically full version with a time limit so do test before you buy! Many of the things i found irritating are subjective and maybe someone else who is in for the multiplayer side of things can get a vastly different experience. One thing to note is that your trial profile is the same as in full game so choose carefully which car you buy! You can’t start over."
,Recommended,241560,23977811,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,RED5,"Hai guys, i just wanna tell you about main problem with this game. (Stopped working when launch)That was very simple, you just downgrade your nvdia vga from your lastest version to 368.22 and for ati user, sorry i don't know. That's it i tried for a week for solved this problem. Because i ever like you guys. I just helping"
76561198267648529,Recommended,241560,24047905,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,$$__$$,this game i like becuse is funny and andventur
,Recommended,241560,24648783,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,S1dh4nt (死神),"Awesome game.Every car has all sorts of specs from Dirt,Monster Truck,Street,Drift,Drag and many more.The Wild Run edition is a worth buy The Crew but instead buy wild run edition.Best game for driving lovers.Has the whole map of USA to xplore which is pretty big.If ur thinking to buy this or thinking to save fr some more,I would rather tell u to buy this for sure if u are a racing lover as well as xplorer.Anyone confused to buy need for speed or this one like wat happened to me,I would say buy this one bcuz i own both now and cn tell u dat in need for speed u only play in twilight nd night while the crew has whole night and day changes.in need for speed it looks fantasy type bcuz all traffic cars dont follow traffic rules while in the Crew everything's realistic.I hav only this much to say xD"
76561198154718788,Recommended,241560,24654917,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jimmy,how can i activate the crew where to enter the product code can anyone help pls ?
,Recommended,241560,25336843,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,jonathan3.1415,It's good and plays like Need For Speed.It's bad because the servers are unstable and have lots of problems.
76561198016677915,Recommended,241560,28574633,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Assholeoff,good
76561198261930350,Recommended,241560,33296785,Posted: 5 July,all,jitinkumarjkchauhan,i love this game crew
76561198174883594,Recommended,241560,33351961,Posted: 7 July,all,GummyBears1015,Best Racing Game I Played So Far
76561198095365803,Recommended,241560,33440650,Posted: 10 July,all,Antisocial Asshole,Great game. However it lacks Dualshock 4 controller support. This makes it a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play if you don't own a XBox controller.
76561198139738323,Recommended,241560,33447525,Posted: 10 July,all,MilkGlassesDrinker,"This is hands down one of the best games i have ever played. Nice dream cars, beautiful colors, and really high speeds. Graphics are awesome. The story was the best part, and can't wait to see what the crew 2 has to offer. Physics could be better, cars auto repair which is nice. The worst part is the season pass don't come with Calling all Units so i  you have to buy them both. Other than that nothing else is wrong with this game. Loved it"
,Not Recommended,241560,33530428,Posted: 14 July,all,King MC IV,Unstable
76561198131721052,Not Recommended,241560,33731999,Posted: 22 July,all,High m8 | ezfrags.co.uk,"Pay 2 Win. Say what you want but having to exploit drifting bugs or playing the same mission over and over again for getting measly 66'000 an hour is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The cars and upgrades are way too expensive and so you'd have to play for 3 days straight to even get the best cars which isn't fair in my opinion, since you can buy them for 20 bucks. And also what is this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t even? I paid money for this game 35 bucks which isn't nothing but they want me to spend 200 on this crap. If it were a good and challenging game with different gamestyles I'd play it but it's not.tl;dr Dont' buy and don't spend money on it."
76561197995527763,Recommended,241560,34908457,Posted: 12 September,all,Undertow,"Amazing Game, as long as you have friends to crew up with. I played on xbox as well."
,Recommended,241560,17415199,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Guapo,god game
,Recommended,241560,17736062,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,KianFraz,As soon as i clicked play It automaticly switched to Uplay I wasent bothered by that untill it said Press F1 to buy the Full game Now I had already bought the game on Steam??
,Recommended,241560,18484177,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,co-caine,sees
76561198164949060,Recommended,241560,22191068,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Doowad,People who are hating on this game are ♥♥♥♥ing losers that got the crew and bought the season pass but didnt get the wild run dlc so they felt they got cheated. Now if you got the crew with wild run and thats it this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing i missed the ubisoft sale coulda got this game for 30 bucks but instead got it for 60 and tbh its worth every penny if you're a person who is not picky about small♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is actually good trust me on this if i have fun u should buy this game :P
,Recommended,241560,22317694,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,トンmaroPLトン,Very good game :)
76561198257398007,Recommended,241560,22787299,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Raindrop,Truly unique
,Recommended,241560,22821222,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Least Weasel,"Great fun to play with friends. It's arcade style racing rather than a simulator, but it's more fun for that. The large open world is great to just drive around and tour, so if you just want a garage full of amazing cars to drive around without having to race on tracks the whole time, this is your game."
76561198157456654,Recommended,241560,23408409,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Starling3232,This is a great racing game with a nice car physics somewhere I between need for speed and a simulator.  The story line is average to poor like most car games but the open world USA  is awesome and I love all the different terrains and car types needed. The missions are fun and there is a wide variety to choose from and the multiplayer is usable and can be fun to mess around with friends and ransoms. Overall I would recommend this game to a friend but only if you like racing games/ driving
,Recommended,241560,23863068,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,dangasa,"I think it's too early to give a proper review on this, but so far I love many aspects of the game, for instance, huge map, fast cars, competition (pvp) and the fact that the game isn't too grindy compared to some other MMO's. The story is cut though, because the voice actors aren't good for the in game roles and the FBI background story is too common and unoriginal. The game is mostly singleplayer, because people rarely chat and only care about their own space on league points. There are numerous exceptions though and this is a review only of the PC version. Also I miss those community events that give unique prices for both the crew and the crew wild run users, because the game is meant for both, right ? The pvp is good, but the lag sometimes affects the outcome of races and sometimes people will even call you a cheater for that. There are of course those who tackle others in pvp in order to cheat their victory (if possible) so the sportmanship with some of the crew players is straight up crap and could use an improvement with an option to host a poll to kick players like them. Overall the game needs more 'free' and 'purchasable' content and fast, because driving alone won't cut it. I'll give the game 7/10 points in the light of my review. Edit: Recently I've started having a lot of crashes at totally random places and they just keep piling up after every maintenance run which are performed after almost every week so just be aware that this game ain't as perfect as it seems and don't forget to never tough metallic 1 paints in your hq cuz that's what's gonna crash your game 9/10 times. After playing the game for over 200 hours I'm going to lower the score based on overall excperience from 7/10 to 5/10. The devs got still a lot of things to work on and the most important part is to make the game never to crash for people whom play it. 1 or 10 maintenance runs ain't gonna cut it cuz you seriously have to hotfix ie. update this crap before it falls apart."
,Recommended,241560,24252587,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,WINX,i would like have this game its my favorite game but i have no money to buy it ;-;
,Recommended,241560,24700768,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,GoldenX30,"Honestly, i would give this game about a 6.5/10.  I bought this game a while back and i loved it, played it for a while and yes, like most others, was dissapointed that after buying the gold edition i did not get wild run for free, but i got over it.  I continued to play and even considered buying wild run because i was enjoying it so much.  Unfortunately, when i bought myself a nice new MSi gaming laptop so i could play more easily in other places i found out that this game is basically unplayable on a laptop.  I would play for 10-15 minutes if i was lucky and then i would get a pop-up saying the game stopped working and then it would crash.  I tried many different ""fixes"" including rolling back my video card drivers (i have the GTX970m) and none of that worked.  After contacting Ubisoft about it, all i got was suggestions that i had already heard and tried.  When i mentioned that i was just told to re-try what that had told me and that the game was never tested for laptops due to the fact that they can ""overheat and can not be upgraded"" so they could not gurantee that the game, or any of the ""fixes"" would work.  So to make a long story short, The Crew is a great game and i deffinitely would suggest it to others but only if you have a desktop and are okay with only playing it on that desktop."
,Recommended,241560,25181944,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,- ４Ｎｕｓｔｅｒ ナスタ -,"it is good, but it could've been a lot better."
76561198170403889,Not Recommended,241560,29341975,Posted: 18 January,all,Tiozão do Pavê,"Free-roaming is no novelty - games like Grand Theft Auto and Driver have been doing this for almost two decades, and titles like Need For Speed Underground 2, Shutokou Battle and Burnout Paradise, among others, have tried to apply such gameplay concept to racing games, with mixed results - but free-roaming through an entire country (or at least a scaled-down version thereof) is a whole new idea. And The Crew manages to offer just that - storming through highways on a fast car, looking for new events and maybe some interesting sights. The important question (which shall be answered in this review) is: does it really work?Superficially, The Crew offers some really impressive content: a giant map for the player to explore to one's heart's content, a could-have-been-better-but-not-bad car list, plenty of tuning options (not as complete as what was offered by Need For Speed Underground some fourteen years ago, though), variable weather and time of the day; those things can easily elicit the player's attention (and, as a matter of fact, they really got my attention for a first moment) and may be really satisfying if expectations are kept somewhat low of if the player just wants some casual driving fun. Because, once the initial appeal is gone and after putting some hours delving into the game, some players may notice that The Crew offers *just* that - a game that is best played as a casual experience, even though it tries hard to take itself seriously.Driving through the streets, avenues and highways of the USA, perhaps the most appealing part of the game, becomes boring too quickly; the game map is astonishingly huge, and yet it is underused, making speeding through a sparsely populated road just as fun as a prolonged family trip. Car handling just does not feel right; cars feel weightless, the brakes work a little too well to be realistic (even in accordance to a ""simcade"" game's standards), and any sharper turn, however subtle, puts your car in a powerslide. It reminds me a little bit of the Playstation's port of San Francisco Rush, with some elements borrowed from Sega's Outrun 2 (a game which is sadly missing on Steam). There are also some bugs (my car became completely unresponsive for no apparent reason once, and sometimes the game just refuses itself to launch, even though my computer exceeds the minimum requirements), though I believe Ubisoft may be ironing out the most serious offenders. The events scattered though the map are also nothing to write home about and may get old pretty quick, and the dialogues and cutscenes are kinda forgettable (the Japanese voiceovers, however, are excellent). The always-online requirement is really irritating and sometimes can ruin the experience (just try to imagine yourself riding through a laggy and unstable virtual road).The Crew has a brighter side, however. Graphics are gorgeous, the cars are nicely modeled, speacial effects are top-notch and the landscapes and cities are believable (even though they're a bit underpopulated and somewhat lifeless and bland). Sound is also really good, with realistic-sounding engines, tires screeching and crashes. And I really encourage the players to stop by a residential area and watch the virtual denizens chat for a while; it really adds a little bit of life to the game (and I also encourage you to change the audio language to Japanese).Does The Crew satisfy the premise of bringing a whole virtual country for virtual drivers to race around and be a bit more useful than a bunch of joyriders? Well... no. The abovementioned flaws may be off-putting for players looking for a more serious challenge and rewarding gameplay, and the lag issues and questionable car control can even anger consumers looking for an arcade-y game to kill some time which would be best spent on other activities. However, The Crew is a game which rewards patience and persistence (I mean, A LOT of patience and persistence), even if such reward isn't that great.It is an interesting game, in the end. But it could have been more, it could have been much more. - 6,5/10"
76561198185169775,Recommended,241560,29450882,Posted: 23 January,all,NoobGamer33,It is very god game!
76561198045397423,Not Recommended,241560,33456881,Posted: 11 July,all,pistolslap,Absolutely terrible. The cities are very poorly made and the cars handle horribly!Don't recommend at all
,Not Recommended,241560,33476376,Posted: 12 July,all,VodkaTaters,"Cars ""handle"" like they're on ice, rediculous AI rubber banding, crazy asset pop-in, cliche story line that you can not reset to replay (though you can replay the missions independently), random frame rate chug, physics that make you wonder if anyone programming this has ever driven a car. If you have friends that play this, and want to play with them, wait till this is on sale."
76561198141014895,Recommended,241560,33791756,Posted: 25 July,all,Panda  hellcase.com,"I love this game i have it on my ps4 and i have it on my xbox one but when i downloaded it freezed while the end of the proses and I kept on downloading it but didnt work but i have all the system requirments but otherwise i love this game ill give it a 1,000,000/10"
,Not Recommended,241560,33916606,Posted: 30 July,all,evex5tep,"the game itself is fine and is even better with a steering wheel and pedals. the unfortunate bit is how expensive the high end sports cars are. which urges you to spend money on in game currency to get them. then there's the DLC. you pay for the DLC.. and you get access to buy what's in it ( granted it provides extra missions to earn a small sum of cash for 1 car ) the summit offers great specs that cost 400,000 in game, that takes several hours to build up in game so you find yourself buying a dlc.. and then buying in game currency to actually use the in game currency.overall this game is still okay its just a shame if you actually want any decent vehicles you either have to commit to playing this game every day or pay money for in game currency to buy them."
,Recommended,241560,34166806,Posted: 11 August,all,Neonchu,"The Crew is an incredibly fun game, despite all of the negative reviews on it the past few months. However I have experienced a couple of problems whilst playing, particularly when doing faction missions. (Also please bear in mind that I have a PC that can run The Crew at about 25fps so these problems could be to do with my PC's performence)The first problem is with the opponents. Sometimes they crash into traffic or other obstacles, and then get reset back onto the road.... 7-27 MILES in front of me! This obviously means that I would potentially lose a race because of (possibly) bad programming, and since that I only do the medium or long faction races, that means 1-3 hours of my time has been wasted.Another problem is with random game crashes. Again, this only occurs during a faction race, and nowhere else. I've tried deleting The Crew files and then adding them again and another 2 or 3 other solutions, but no solution works.I've said that I recommend this game, because even though with these annoying problems, it is still a very fun and enjoyable game."
,Recommended,241560,34875040,Posted: 10 September,all,Zyprez LøveFar,Best car game so far.
76561197974010066,Recommended,241560,13292677,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Darkstarz,great racing game! best i've played in years they just need to fix the dcing issue then its perfect
,Recommended,241560,17203096,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,qngage,"Just put the pedal to the medal... Don't mind other cars, the animals, even pedestrians... somehow they just very skilled at avoiding you... you won't crash em xDotherwise i enjoyed this game...waiting for the next expansion..."
,Recommended,241560,17515617,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Connur 'Muffinka' MehGrehgur,"I may only have played this game for four hours. But in the four hours I have seen the best community in my life.As soon as I got online 3 level 50's joined me as they were all friends and offered their help and advice and I gladly accepted it. the 3 hours I spend with those amazing people were awesome. We raced. We drove. we trolled eachother. we jumped off a hill into a lake.They were even nice enough to completely hold back the AI as I casually strolled towards the finished line.The Crew,I love you. The community,I love you. People who read this review, I love you. Buy this. Dont look at the people complaining. I dont see anything wrong with it at all.Will update if there is something I dont like. But right now there is not a single thing I dont like.EDIT: There is a problem with the season pass of the game. (Fixed a day after it was reported,Amazing)"
,Recommended,241560,18425261,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,s'échapper,"Я вот не понимаю, почему базовая Agera может ехать 450, а вот если купить на нее модификацию спорткар и прокачать до 1299 уровня, она может ехать лишь ~420? Даже гоночная Lamborgini 1299-ого не может столько ехать. В чем смысл?"
,Recommended,241560,19140291,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,DayBreakerRJJL,"It's a great game! Years ago when I played on 2nd gen consoles I wanted a game that was open map like MNC gameplay like NFS and online multi player, and until now I haven't had mywosh granted!"
,Recommended,241560,19572234,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Master,"First of all, I don't reccomend to buy this game if you have a mid/low-end PC. The game is very bad to play in low settings due to the draw distance. So, you I'll get things like objects and cars almost popping in your front.And ff you hate problematic physics in games, stay away from this one too.[This section may change as long as they update graphic options.]The campaing in this game is very basic, like in any other racing game, but it's funny. And it's very nice to play with other friends, but it's not a requirement. Pvp is not a big deal. The car customization is very wide in the majority, but very limited in some car specs. And for a racing game like this one, I expected more cars, and less DLC-only content.This game is good overall. If you like street racing games and have a nice PC, I think you should give it a try."
76561198155207838,Recommended,241560,19693787,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Naruto_FTW,"Good game. Small connection problems but still worth it,"
76561197989328770,Recommended,241560,20174024,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Normal,is not working my
,Recommended,241560,21083250,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ZB Gaming,I honestly love this game. I only played about 2 hours but i cannot stop!! There are no crashes / lag or anything! (fx6300 gtx 960)
76561198008129859,Recommended,241560,22063251,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ⒸⓡⓘⓢⓢⒸⓡⓞⓢⓢ,:)
76561198179181017,Recommended,241560,22084006,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Freaky™ ツ,good game!
76561198086080958,Recommended,241560,22342000,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Stig af Bussén,Its brilliant
76561198149100791,Recommended,241560,22685821,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,MDELITE147,i have bought the complete edition of this game and it thinks it is the trial version and i cannot play it has this happened to anyone else and if so is there a solution to this and i cannot re buyt the game cause i already own it so i dont know if its bugged or ubisoft is trying to scam me
,Recommended,241560,22792468,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,D33K,Full black '69 Hemi Charger. Need I say more?
76561198304357132,Recommended,241560,22873798,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Infra_Vq cs.money,how o i enter the key thung cuz   bought the game but its not letting me play? please someone help
76561198124476668,Recommended,241560,24000536,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FatalOverload,"Awesome game, tons of fun, 10/10 would drive across country again."
,Recommended,241560,24162511,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Parzival,Best Story Ever! <3Done after 23 Hours (Little to Easy)After you have done it there is still a lot to do!Buy the DLC it gives you a lot more in the game!
,Recommended,241560,24319850,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,YoungDaggerDood,This Is One Of The Best Games I Have Ever Played!!! I Do Not Know Why There Is SO Many Bad Reviews... It Is Really Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood!
,Recommended,241560,24423590,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,mokasa6,Best racing/panoramatic game i have played ... :) . I would 100% recommend this to you if you have good pc and want racing game :)
76561198120204043,Recommended,241560,24528973,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,전기톱휠인드,"this is really sound driving game, and i will play this game series until i am grandfather.drive in wide America, change gier on 6, go slowly and see the good scenery.listen music what you like by window media player is also good thing that enjoy the game.take a picture what you see by 'P' key, and if you want to change time and weather then you can do it during picture time.it is really worthy game and good for mental.you can't kill someone and killed by someone. and you shouldn't need to win or lose someone.you can just go around beautiful whole America.if developer makes next version or other country map in same version, i will defenitly buy it."
,Recommended,241560,24620962,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DJJHUGHES,"Fun Game to Screw around in, worth the $30 I payed for the complete edition."
76561198244070428,Recommended,241560,24751036,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,stop inviting me to csgo groups,"My one issue: Skyline GTR. You can have a max spec of any other car and still lose to a 700 ranked Skyline in PVP. Seriously unbalanced. Other than that, good game."
76561198111626044,Recommended,241560,25789645,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,S2k.Watson,"Hands down best racing game on the market customizable to the max, skyline Monster truck enough said. the ability to literally drive all the way across the country is awesome. very little loading / screen delay on high graphics with 4gb video card. took well over 4 hours to drive across the whole map."
76561198249612110,Recommended,241560,25796219,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,RiksterFUN 21,Best storyline ever seen
76561198231641480,Recommended,241560,28533413,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Whi7e,Nice game
,Recommended,241560,13298268,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Modern Hunter,You can troll your friends by ramming them off the road. 420/69
,Recommended,241560,15049067,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Zephi,Joseph Trapenese ile sagır olmak icin bire bir
76561198234175720,Recommended,241560,17420964,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,McLaren19,"The Crew is a good game despite the reviews and other stuff other people have said about it. It does have it's flaws, but they are far out-weighed by the Pros.Pros:-Vast Open World to explore (Bigger than Test Drive Unlimited/Test Drive Unlimited 2's map)-Large amount of cars to buy and customize-The amount of customization is rather large-Each Spec you acquire for a car creates a new car with it's own customization. So 5 Specs would equal 5 different cars-Performance Parts for cars can be entirely earned without money by completing Skills in the Open WorldCons:-Micro Transactions-Payouts from missions and activities is low-Car physics get buggy when driving over certain features (ie Rocks/Cliffs) [This can also be fun and make funny moments. so maybe not so much a bad thing]-Campaign/Career is rather short.-You must be connected to the internet at all times when you playThese are just a few of the pros and cons. Again the pros outweigh the cons, and cruising with your friends makes it even better. I would recommend getting the game on sale or at least getting the Season Pass to save money on the DLC. This game is overall a great game. I would give it a 8.5 out of 10. It has a lot of replay value, making it worth purchasing.Hope this review helps."
76561198091449176,Recommended,241560,17927010,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,AppelsoepNL,
,Recommended,241560,18014378,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,宅宅jeremy,"after the game,need for speed world has come to the end...i am very sad..because i am one of the boost player(cash player),but now i find this game which is the crew!!!it is almost the same compare to need for speed world,but for my opinion.both of thsi game is really nice...i love both!!!and now they are planing the next DLC called ""the cerw wild run""i am happy with that,i will get that game as fast as i can...sorry for poor english,i am from Malaysia..."
76561198053731217,Recommended,241560,18892805,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Vantage,1
76561198160447450,Recommended,241560,19134599,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Killeradi,nice game
,Recommended,241560,19769427,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,techbloodbath_19,"This game looks good due to the Wild Run expansion/ update. The Crew is a high octane action thrill of a game. The only thing that I dislike about this game is not enough in game cash to buy all the cars and bikes plus all the upgrades to them. If your a car lover and want something that has a Need for Speed and Forza Horizon feel for the PC then look no further. This game offers a little more than the two game do combined. However, This is another disclaimer Ubisoft has not yet fixed the  Xfinity racing mission. I continue to try the mission in the game and I get to the 6th checkpoint and the map stops generating and have to abandion the mission so hopefully they fix the bug to that mission so people can complete the game. All in all if you like modding cars and crashing into things and drag racing with your friends then this game is for you."
,Recommended,241560,20610310,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Stoned,"Too expensive for real.. The crew 30eur and Wild run more 30eur what the♥♥♥♥♥rly? Forza is cheaper and like 10x better ... Anyway its not bad game , have some nice graphics but just lower the price so more ppl can play it ;)"
,Recommended,241560,21124007,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,CroWn's,this game is a bit hard to handlebest grafics and story
76561198092331839,Recommended,241560,23034362,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Apollo,"I bought a xbox joystick (even though I am a PS lover) and this game just to drive around, its pretty amazing! sadly its very badly made and is lagging even on a decent PC, also there is no custom radio :( its still good though!!"
76561198101132288,Recommended,241560,23247453,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Blyant Pus<3,like it :D
,Recommended,241560,23615521,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,♛ KingC4 ♛,um dos melhores jogos de carros para min!!!!!
76561197999264516,Recommended,241560,24047486,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mr. Unknown,"I Downloaded the game and set the graphic, but when i started playing i can't find the graphic changes. where to find that ?Btw.. iam on ""wild run"" DLC"
76561198156709920,Recommended,241560,24413692,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,garguran97,Please help when i start the game it say Game has stop working. Before a week i play with out any problems.
76561198186021035,Recommended,241560,24558529,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,evanballard007,"The Crew is by far the best open world racing game I have found on steam yet. It has lots of customization for the cars, each car har their own specs ( perf,street,monster etc.) The map is huge (the entire U.S.) It also has a story line to it, with lots of main missions. There are also side mission all over the map. The game has support for controllers (including G27 wheel) Overall I would rate this game 9 out of 10."
76561198047082198,Recommended,241560,19659942,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,MatraBatra,i like cars
,Recommended,241560,20063255,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,✪ ☜☆muͥfiͣtyͫy☆☞,Cool Game tho
76561198198676873,Recommended,241560,20272958,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Enjam,jeep cherokee can fly across the sand at 200 mph....10/10 would do LSD agian
76561198193311133,Recommended,241560,20946377,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,forbesjuanita,please whatever you do buy the wild run edition
,Recommended,241560,21018926,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Sideshowjoni,I´ve enjoyed this game from the start! Almost 200 hours and still enjoying it.
,Recommended,241560,21074748,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Fanatick,It's pretty nice to cruise around in the map.. what else to say?
,Recommended,241560,21081370,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Dersniperer,"This game got a lot of flak early on with the dlc and stuff, I bought this on sale for 15 and its the best 15 I've ever spent. The game teaches you without the need for dialouge and starts you out in the action. I would honestly buy it for 30 or maybe 60 if I knew it was this fun. No lag when loading maps so it feels like I am literally driving through America, super fun and I highly recommend."
,Recommended,241560,21416311,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Perspective1,Yes
76561198122322160,Recommended,241560,21825201,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,biel_pro,THE WILD RUN DIDNT WORK I PAID 24.99 FOR BUT IT NEVER ALLOW ME TO PLAY THE GAME
76561198081429288,Recommended,241560,23121877,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,notjoey.numberz,it has its flaws but ever game does 7/10
76561198037573280,Recommended,241560,23770772,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Vanko 2.0,its fun
,Recommended,241560,23856529,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Faprys,Da best gm
,Recommended,241560,23866791,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,_PysiaQ_♛,This is a very good game and do not regret the money spent. This promotion of 50% off more cheered me and therefore I would recommend anyone to buy because it can be fun to play.
,Recommended,241560,23891624,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Patrick17,หนุกดีครับ
76561198297767490,Recommended,241560,24687380,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MrCofeina,nice game
,Recommended,241560,25573597,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,GAY,NICENICENICE
76561198063160762,Recommended,241560,25720809,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,AhmtBrcn,Good Game!
76561198083987418,Recommended,241560,26225202,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,cruzeal,vroom.
,Not Recommended,241560,29399515,Posted: 21 January,all,Discretion,"This game loves to advertise content from other versions of the game, which of course you aren't able to play unless you buy the other versions. Definitely would not recommend because you're tempted to spend more money, on a game that you've already paid for. It's something I'd expect from a Free-To-Play game, not something I spent $15 on (I purchased this while it was on sale, that's why I got it for $15).Nonetheless, The Crew would have been a great game, if so much of its features weren't blocked by paywalls."
,Recommended,241560,29459382,Posted: 24 January,all,DåƦĸČȯƉȅ™,Marvelous..
,Recommended,241560,18505898,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,D34D aka BigWillyHaver62,i think the crew is very worth to buy and even if you dont like cars you would like it and i would say it is really worth to buy
76561198254579888,Recommended,241560,18853960,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,★ScrewOverwatch,Excellent Graphic
,Recommended,241560,19326946,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jono,"Love it! amazing game, graphics, and cars!"
,Recommended,241560,19435188,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,็Daunis tu esi,love it
,Recommended,241560,19627430,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Loogie,this game sucks it does not even let you connect to the servers and they keep telling you to buy the DLC
,Recommended,241560,19728358,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mr. Ethical,"Back when the trailer was announced for The Crew, I was actually highly anticipated. The huge map, the car spec system, and being set in an alive world with players playing around (basically MMO racing) is like a dream come true for me. I never got into playing the beta, so I have to wait until the game is released. But at that point, I haven't bought the game yet. When the reviews first rolled out, it turns out it wasn't that great, so I decided to hold out until the price drop.Apparently they released a demo, and I downloaded the demo and played it for 2 hours (the whole duration of the demo) to get the feel of the game. Needless to say, the resolution was tobuy it + Wild Run.I find the driving to be extremely relaxing. Driving to an undiscovered area isn't a complete chore - in fact, in some places, even fun. The spec system is genius, allowing you to have that same car without buying another one (because the prices for it are ludicrous). And, of course, you have the WHOLE US to drive in WITH ALMOST NO RESTRICTION. The collectables are also fun to collect. The game also provides a lot of content (besides the map).Providing a demo is also commendable - not a lot of AAA pubs provide a demo nowadays.But, of course, the game isn't perfect. In fact, it's more flawed than I thought it would be. The physics are probably the main weakness of the game. Cars drive fine at the intended purpose, but when you don't use it as intended, it starts to bounce around literally everywhere. The collision physics is also bad, because as you bump a car, instead of colliding as usual, the car sometimes slides off it and you lose control. Not to mention, you can just drift into a wide corner, ignoring the fact that you'll smash a few fences and go through nasty bumps without losing a single speed. Story is pretty clichéd  and predictable. Game can be a bit grindy. AI racers are inconsistent (most of my encounters are easy though).Not to mention, it's Ubisoft, so expect MICROTRANSACTIONS.About Wild Run, I think I made a bad decision for buying it. It's not a bad add-on, but it's not worth buying. It allows you to buy a few bikes, an access to the monthly Summit event, and Extreme specs. The Extreme specs are, needless to say, lazily done as they only use customizations from Perf and Dirt specs. Drag spec physics is also too random, which pisses me off as it won't allow me to get the best time at Drag events. Monster physics are also messed up, and is easily exploitable. Drift is actually pretty fine. Bikes are pretty weird to control - it's not as agile as described.I am, myself, a racing fan since I got my first PS1 back when I was 7 years old, so if you're like me you'll probably find The Crew to be favorable. However, if you only moderately like racing games and would expect a game like the earlier NFS or something like Project CARS, you won't get it here. After the price drop, it is worth it, but I recommend you try out the demo provided by the developers."
,Recommended,241560,20286484,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,那不是很好咯。。。,+9/10+best graphics+nice gameplay+online+fun :D-1/10-wild run is sold separately as DLC
76561198165929126,Recommended,241560,20575854,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,nikeyboombox,GAME EFFFFFFFFIIIIIIIINNNNNNN SUCKSSSSSSS ASSSSS!!
,Recommended,241560,21029023,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Flyspark,"First of all i want to say that the game is much better with the expantions and that may be the reasons why people do not recomend this game, i think the game is really good. With the Wild Run DLC the game gets much better. It's worth the money and i recomend you to buy either The CREW Wild Run Edition or Complete edition."
76561198193597662,Recommended,241560,21174753,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,M POWER hellcase.com,I have problems with the game
,Recommended,241560,22202538,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mr. Bear,Biggest racing map i've ever seen.
,Recommended,241560,22358035,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Everyone,"Basically, the ultimate Tuner, Sleeper, Super car simulator.Pros: Road Driving is really good. Feels so real especially in the first person POV view. Even more so on a sports bike.Cons: Offroading is still super buggy and urealistic when it comes to rocks and boulders.I always enjoyed offroading like rock crawling, and hill climbing, and you cant get that experiance in this game. You would get it better in Grand Theft Auto V."
76561198254077420,Recommended,241560,22785534,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Rufio,love
76561198269161998,Recommended,241560,23357643,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,V!RuS,Cool Game!
,Recommended,241560,23810889,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GunGuitarist,Found my house. 10/10
,Recommended,241560,24799744,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ColtRang,second best car game
,Recommended,241560,25767148,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,^GoD OF DeAtH^,i have problem plz help mewhen i play with my friend we try the cars and always he's car faster than me even if he take stock car and i take faster car i have he bet me and we change the accounts he take my account and i take he's account and its same thingi dont have lag or crash or anything when i playi have asus i5 processer with 8 g ramplz help
76561198035073848,Not Recommended,241560,26160600,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,spacer6,The game can be good if u can fix the 'CREW' joining !!!
,Not Recommended,241560,33491312,Posted: 12 July,all,Keishin,No.
,Recommended,241560,33714315,Posted: 22 July,all,killerdom1997,great game
,Recommended,241560,34746696,Posted: 4 September,all,Deko,I do recommend this game.Just get it when it goes on sale though :)
76561198379695376,Recommended,241560,35160364,Posted: 23 September,all,gvw09,"Got this game on sale, 100% worth it.It has a great story line behind it and a range of cars you can buy with in game currency. There is lots to explore on the map and other players generally dont bother you.The only thing i can fault it on is how slow it is to get money to pay for other cars."
76561198321815272,Not Recommended,241560,34784468,Posted: 6 September,all,lgraham3699,it does not work for me
,Recommended,241560,25318365,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,lifexux,"Honestly, one of the best racing games I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,241560,28319925,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ĵasecon,Got stuck in 2 barriers and my wheel got stuck in the railing of a train line within a 1.5 hours race. In freeroom its even worse. What a regret this game is. Capped at 60fps and stutters more than your autistic cousin. I payed $23 Dollars and then it became free for a month. Don't pay for this game. Wait for it to be free on the ubisoft store again. Its not worth a dollar.
76561198033245576,Not Recommended,241560,25279440,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,V.Capital,"The physics is outragouse. You spent so much on your cars for one spec then the mission asks you to use a vehicle provided, which has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stats and wonky handling, with brakes that can't even stop a stroller. The frustration is real."
,Recommended,241560,17919756,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Robby,Best Game Ever
,Not Recommended,241560,19237474,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Tweakin2442,"Since the update and the new expansion, you will not longer be able to play this game if you have windows 10."
,Recommended,241560,19238698,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Mikkel Rossen,"the perfect game for any person who likes driving, racing, cars and so on, huge world, good graphics, fun handling and great sound effects.the only real complaints i've got is that1. poor car selection, not very many, and a lot of uninteresting cars in my opinion (this however have been improved in the Wildrun DLC)2. Won't support Nvidia SLI anymore after the FORCED 5,9gb update (well, it runs, but at just above 10FPS i wouldn't say ""works"")3. Forced Uplay (blame Ubisoft)but in conclusion its a good game, that needs some optimization, so it gets 8/10 from me :3EDIT: Day 100-ish after review was written: still haven't fixed that SLI issue i was talking about, at least it doesn't work for me, anyone else having the same problem? anyways gj Ubisoft, expected nothing more from you lazy b*♥♥♥♥♥♥♥:)"
76561198005167817,Not Recommended,241560,13204950,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,bublajan,"First I love this game ,but too many disconnection problems,"
,Not Recommended,241560,19203239,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Boneless Spaghetti,Would rather buy winrar
,Recommended,241560,14151430,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,fratboyjason,"Knocked people into the Grand Canyon and watched the ""back on track"" feature respawn them half way down the cliffs. 10/10."
,Recommended,241560,14154587,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BaronVonBoBo,This is probably one of the best open world games I have played in a long time. Just driving cross country with a friend can be quite fun. Cars are fun too.However just about everyone only uses the nissan gtr. Just sayin.
76561197982570399,Recommended,241560,17081113,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,dreddnaught19,"Fantastic game. The AI in the police needs to improve as it is fairly easy to evade police during a chase. Story is decent, kept me coming back for more. Hopeful for an expansion."
,Not Recommended,241560,14148360,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Orrus,"The size and beauty of the world is fantastic, and easily bests Forza Horizons.  But that's really the only positive thing I can find about this game.The driving controls are beyond awful.  The controls feel like pushing around a bar of wet soap at the end of a 6 foot long Pool noodle.Have you ever wanted story missions, and assinine cutscenes in your racing game?  Yea me either, but this game is full of them!  Good luck ranking up or earning money without playing through the nonsensical story mode.You better like American cars, cause that's 80%+ of the vehicles available.Also why is UPlay still mandatory for a STEAM game.  No one cares about your crappy publisher specific game launcher.  Take a hint from Games for Windows Live and just abandon it already.Lastly, I can't take a racing game seriously if it has a dedicated ""Nitrous"" button.4/10"
76561198162721466,Not Recommended,241560,14150412,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,COCKSUCKER,"Don,t buy this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. im hate it"
,Not Recommended,241560,14138220,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Renkyu,"I feel like the game is fun for the first couple of hours. Missions aren't really anything new or special. The games lacks character and just forces you into a role whether you like it or not. It get terribly boring after a while. The missions just basically repeat themselves.It's more of a grind than I had hoped it would be. If I wanted to grind to get to max level, a car game isn't where I'd do it. Can't exactly customize the car as much as I would have liked. Colors are also lacking. Just feels like they only tried halfway and said, ""Good Enough""."
,Not Recommended,241560,14137461,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,✪ Surgical,"For the love of god, don't buy this game for even 15$, this game has absolute horrible mechanics and playing with a wheel is the worst thing ever."
76561198020124249,Recommended,241560,14133145,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,finaltarget11,"Buy this game if: you like arcade style racing games such as the Need for Speed: Underground or Test Drive Unlimited 2Forget it if: you want a racing game/simulator that is focused on realistic car handling and physics, such as Gran Turismo, Forza Motorsport, or Assetto CorsaThis game is best played with a controller/gamepad despite the fact that it has pretty decent wheel support (I have a Logitech G27). While all the buttons on the wheel and shifter are supported by the game, the steering and pedal inputs are, in my opinion, not very good. Steering is extremely twitchy, brakes always feel soft (response isn't good), and the clutch is basically on/off, rather than a smooth, linear engagement."
,Not Recommended,241560,14136704,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,naught405,"Could have been good, isn't.  Crappy physics, crappy engine, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥map, meh graphics, abysmal dmg modeling, uplay, no concept of velocity, relative performance is so wrong it's difficult even choose vehicles, oh and it went down $20 the week I bought it :("
,Recommended,241560,13244628,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,★アンディ★,"Pros:-The map is ♥♥♥♥ing huge as ♥♥♥♥-may encounter players roaming-so much car customizations its not even funny-sick cutscenes-smooth fps-awesome graphics-great driving with decent physics-not watch dogs, far cry, and unityCons:-Missions are hard as ♥♥♥♥-Enemies that need to be taken down are faster than you-Cops are also faster than you-Nitro doesnt do♥♥♥♥♥♥-Some enemies in race drives WAAY faster than you, almost impossible to beat the mission-No character customizations instead you look like a gey♥♥♥♥♥hippie-uplay </3-the game doesnt really keep your attention, I barely play it more than an hour straight"
,Not Recommended,241560,13194075,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,[FIM] Himitsu Chan,"Deleted this game after not gettin my♥♥♥♥♥♥saved after a 1:30 hours race*** EDIT*** THIS REVIEW IS NEUTRAL! *Wish there was a Maybe button*I was playing a bit more with the game, Thats why i deleted some stand points such as the ai behavior. It seems that it was one race that really bugged me out and that it isn't the entire game Sorry for that!Also i want to make clear that those fps issues MIGHT come from my pc. I dont know how it is for everyone.ok, how to start this. The Crew, The Map is big, The tuning is just amazing. The graphics are ok. It has a 60 FPS cap added in the options menu.Sounds good right? Right! BUTThe physics are HORRIBLE! IT seems that they took watchdogs, And ruined the car physics even more! How is that even possible!?Also one thing i dont understand. Why add a crash cam if you dont have the nicest crash model? this game has nothing to really show of in crashes, Not saying the crash model is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, But its nothing you really would want to see in slow motion *I sure enjoy the sometimes flipping out cars due to internet lag from some people*Another Graphical thing.1. What did they do to the render distance? Its horrific. And dont come me with OH ITS OPEN WORLD DUH!. Look at GTA V on console, Skyrim with mods. ARMA 3!2. Racing game.. Where the mirrors on the side and inside DONT WORK in 1st person?! WHAAA? How could you ♥♥♥♥ that up?! I mean in 3rd person they work!?If that wasn't enough this game has a really  hard difficulty. No not that i am against it, GOD i love games that give me a challange, But here with those physics it just gets unfair.There are points in the game where the AI seems to be about 50% faster than you.I was really really excited for this game, And at the start i wasn't dissapointed, BUT HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥Who had the idea of making a car game that handles so♥♥♥♥♥♥that i would say APB reloaded and watchdogs would be a better racer!But now to the point. I played this game for a bit more and need to say. It is not♥♥♥♥♥♥*like i never stated it anyway just to make sure* BUT this game has some issues i cant over look.Mmo? Not really for me, never have seen more than 2 other player at once (MIGHT BE MY PORT SETTINGS) And i have waited 33 minutes to get into a pvp race (might be because you need about 3 hours to get to the point where you can do it)I was in one crew raid with one other person, No lag issues!Only thing i would say myself is that it is sad that you cant make clans/guilds like in other mmo games. Would have been a nice feature.Also next time when they do a Maintenance which i think is nice. I would REALLY love them to god damn notify us. I am not constantly on the ubisoft forum. Im never on there and i hoped i would never need to!Pros:- Awesome tuning- Big Map- The Car detail is high!Cons:- No clans :(- Physics nuff said- Graphics are worse than expected (talking more about render distance and failed animations such as the Helicopter xD)- Capped 60fps*1- Random lag? Sometimes puts me down to 30fps (may be system problems)Anyone their own- The game is hardMy spec:AMD Fx 8120 Eight core 3,10GHZ Unlocked16GB Ram64 Bit Windows 7AMD Radeon HD 7970 GHZ edition1* I still need to say that a cap at 60fps is bad. YES everyone with a monitor at 60hz WONT really notice a difference. BUT We are Pc player, we can reach the limit of 120+ So why not allow it?http://steamcommunity.com/id/Himichan/screenshot/53245498760014528"
,Recommended,241560,13326453,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,\//\ SwitchRaY,"In short -9/10 the other 1 is uplay.In long -I grew up with racing since 2002 need for speed,burnout,midnight club and other racing titles. This game is great open world, cars, customization, huge US map, online with friends and other small pieces which puts together this great racing title. There are a few hicups of course such as not able to see players on the map or can't invite friends to the crew, i fixed this by port fowarding 3000 and 3001 ports and it works beautifully. i can get 8 players in my game, find PVP matches, invite friends into the crew easily and flawlessly. There are specs, liveries, rims and other customization missing but according to the devs at Ivory Tower they're still under devolepment and wouldn't wanna rush things. Fine i'm alright since there's so much to do already, you can tell by my gameplay hours. I played the whole story missions until the end solo because I was to lazy to port forward and it wasn't boring 1 bit.Pros:- Great variety of cars but not as many ( Not an issue for me )- Huge US map to explore- Faction missions and clans- Customization is superb- Lots and lots of things to do like really..- Not the greatest story but its good that it makes you wanna progress through the story and explore    the map of USCons:- Players having issues to connect to friends crew or PVP matches ( I easily solved it by port fowarding )P.S. - I can't really find anything bad about this game, honestly. It's a awesome racing title 9/10"
,Recommended,241560,13215337,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,DANG3R,فيه اشياء كثيره تهم الناس باللعبه ماهي موجوده مثال:-1- العبه ماتقبل التفحيط ابد نطله واحده ع 320 وتاقف السياره .2- الدرفت ما تدعمه الا نطلات خفيفه مع الفه .3- الي يلعب في منظور داخلي المرايات الجانبيه ما تشتغل4- فيه قلتش في الكوب تدخلون مع اخوياك لكن اذا قربت منه تدخل سيارت خويك تحت الارض ماتشوف الا اسمه5- سيرفرات اللعبه تفصل كل اشوي ولا تقدر تدخل افلاين لازم اونلاين ويحطمك اذا فصل السيرفر وانت متحمس مع المهمه6- المهمات اغلبها متكرره الفرق بين المهمه والمهمه الثانيه السيارههاذي بعض الاشياء الي كرهتني باللعبهوصلت لفل 40 الحين ولا لقيت سياره تدعم الدرفت < باطه تسبدي هالشي هاذابالاخير انت اذا كانها تهمك الاشياء الي ذكرتها فوق ما انصحك تاخذها اذا ما يهمك خذها
,Recommended,241560,13191230,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Valonielu,Too good to be true. Masterpiece 10/10
,Recommended,241560,13248448,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,AXZACT,"You use your car horn instead of using the chat to communicate with other players10/10 GOTY..Serious review now:PROS:- Huge map that is a pleasure to explore- Ridiculous Car customizations- Driving feels nice (mixture of simulation and arcade racing)- Cool soundtrack (Arctic Monkeys, The Glitch Mob, Lorde and etc.)- Playing missions with other players is a very nice experience- Very optimized for pcCONS:Uplay...kbye  ~(^D^)~"
76561198150259589,Recommended,241560,13342386,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Safe2Semi,"This game is fine. I don't know why all of the whiny PC gamers are the only people to write reviews. Some of the reviews had me worried about buying it, but the worry is all hype. Some people don't have the slightest clue what it takes to develop a game. Just because you learned a few Java functions doesn't make you a developer. Games don't just appear from magic.Now to the review. This game is an arcade style of racing. If you are a fan of Need for Speed, Midnight Club, Burnout, etc. (I know some of you can barely remember those titles), you will love this game. If you want a simulator style racing game, go play Forza. The servers are a bit haywire right now, but that's normal for an AAA title (BF4 anyone?). The waypoint GPS is one of the best I've ever seen, although sometimes the GPS takes you off road to get to hardball, but I figure it's trying to get you there as fast as possible. The rearview mirror isn’t functional (NASCAR 98 anyone?). I don't know why they didn't implement that. Maybe it will come in the future. The Gold Edition is definitely worth every penny. You get some cool cars off the bat and more to come with the season pass. If you are too cheap to buy the season pass, you still have some good cars to choose from. The guys complaining about having to buy the season pass to get free cars, refer to the ""games don't appear from magic"" statement. I don't get why you think everything should be free in life. Maybe your liberal parents should've taught you better.You crash a lot if you are going 200 MPH. But you are soon back on your feet, or tires I guess. The damage to your car in free roam goes away after some drive time. The servers stutter some, but not bad at all. It seems to happen more when I go to LA or LV, but these are two of the biggest cities in the game. Overall this game is worth it. The graphics aren't the best, the mechanics are arcade style, and the driving is fun. That's all you need. Plus it's a MMO! It’s styled just like AC games. So if you know how to navigate that map, you are good to go. Hopefully this curbed some of the worries you might have from reading the nit picking, ""I want my cake and I want to eat it too"", reviews. It's a fine game... I can't praise it any more than I already have."
,Recommended,241560,13212444,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ΛRCADΞ RΛCΞR,"This is what I wanted for all my life.This game lets you to feel the spirit of America. It gives you the brand new experience of racing MMO games,It is not like another ones.What`s good:+Detailed cars,tuning and customising. Not a cosmic variety of mods,but enough for now.+Huge playground with uniqe atmosphere.+It`s easy to learn how to play this game.+Game design,HUD.What`s bad.-Internet issues. Launch was not very smooth,but players are happy anyway.-Physics needs to be fixed. (Physics of jumps and collisions)-Where is oldschool JDM cars,BMW (E30,E36,E92),Mercedes (SL65 AMG , for example),Toyotas (Wanna see GT86)Wanna see them and my friends too! This cars are legendary,you MUST ADD THEM!-Price. In my country (Ukraine) I can buy Battlefield 4 with premium for 25 bucks. (My month scholarship is 52 USD) ... Price of Season Pass is more expenceive than Game + all DLC`s? Stop the Earth,I gotta leave.But I still love Ubisoft. Ubisoft , show me you love me too , low the prices. Money are not just money , they are how we survive."
,Recommended,241560,13271952,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Whompert,"""It's like Skyrim with cars. 10/10""  -IGN"
,Recommended,241560,13194486,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,<{BA}>DRAGONART777,"i must say i am so glade i got this.got it 7 hours befor it was released. and it loaded up with no problem.its a open world mmo race game. even at start up. of this new game  there was no lag.no loadingno waiting for matchsno waiting in lobbyit is really fun. fully custem your car inside and out.you be racing and you pass other players not even in the race.  no invisable wallsno tracks.  just wide open land.  driving was fun and  there is a day/night.  cops not really easy at all but i like it like this..  going to hook up the wheel tomorew so i can not tell you how that is yet, i was just stesting the game befor sleep and ended up stock in the game for 3 hours  was to much fun"
,Recommended,241560,13222035,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Rest,Main Protagonist looks 99% like Gordon Freeman3/3- IGN
,Recommended,241560,13682129,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Drae Rasco©,"to be honest ubisoft's concept for this game was a great idea, The whole of the U.S. as well as cars, but the idea of ""Crew Credits"" was terrible, its easy enough in theory to pay $6 for around 50,000 Crew Credits, but after a person buys a game for $70 they don't really want to pay more money just to earn enough in-game money to buy their favorite or a decent car. Also the way you must constantly be online should also be fixed, because half the time you don't interact with players. To conclude, Ubisoft fix your game, then more people would buy it. but on a positive note the gameplay is pretty good, cruising on a highway from east to west coast at 200km/ph while racing your friend is pretty great."
,Not Recommended,241560,23157381,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Ask4M3rcy,Syncing with UPLAY SUCKS!!!!!I have to re-buy the game to play it. Launches as trial version and says buy now or exit game.Very disappointing!
76561198085519790,Not Recommended,241560,23092777,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Hailey,"DO NOT BUYyou pay 29,99 euro and only get  a trail version , steam doesnt tell you your buying a trail version"
,Not Recommended,241560,14172802,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Monchalin101,This game blows. Half of the missions are stupid car chases and police chases that are impossible and are no fun. They ♥♥♥♥ing suck so much and are so broke that you cant even beat them.DO NOT BUY THIS HORRIBLE GARBAGE GAME.
76561198039809500,Not Recommended,241560,13329864,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,UncleToby197,"Do not buy this game!All the missions are repetitive just with a different car, the story line is stupid, and the game is nowhere close to being realisticThis game is absolutely patheticThe cars and modifying are cool but that’s about it.I waited from beta till the release for a great game and I was let down, i still can’t join a crew WTF!I would only recommend this game to someone if they don’t want a good story line but just to modify a cars colours because that’s about all you can do yourself because all you have to do is press next to make your car perform better.4/10 WASTE OF MONEY!"
,Recommended,241560,13558584,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,supaDupaKoopaTroopa,"fun game, everything i expected from an upgraded version of TDU.havent had most of the problems people are talking about (rubber banding mostly), but the game will crash if your in a crew doing a skill challenge seconds behind a crew member at the end of the challenge. annoying, but avoided when you leave a 5 second gap.players on the map and in-game is the most dissapointing, max of 8 on screen at any given time, but you'll mostly see 3 or none. the sense of an mmo is lost with this as the loading map screen on inital login makes you think your in a massive world with tons of others. while that may be true, the servers will only let you feel like your in the wilderness at a campground with actual space between camp sites...overall this is a great game with lots of potential, the single/coop story line is NOT the reason to buy this game. it's a driving sandbox, giving you free reign to go where you please. it is best played with friends so you can get a multiplayer experience."
,Recommended,241560,13728014,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Krakdotz,"TL:DR: I recommend this game if you enjoy Arcade style racing. I may not like many things about the game, but the big issues, like no rear view mirrors in cockpit view, can easily patched out. I hope to see enough support for this game to see expansions like Canada, Mexico, and Europe as additional places you can go (maybe with a 10 level increase for each one released like WoW.)Overall: 66/130Please remember while reading this is only my opinion and I actually do recommend purchasing the game and playing.Please don't let the low score throw you off. The driving and customization scores can easily go way up by patching Mirrors, damage, more cars and ways to customize them.I'll start off with what it seems they wanted in this game.______________________Miscillaneous: 35/40Originality: 9/10The spec system was interesting, Raid specs were something not really done in a racing game, and involving a purpose for them that was well designed as well.MMO: 9/10It's really actually good. I think it could have been pushed to that 10/10 if it forced you to group with other players for Faction missions instead of being able to solo them. I think they were afraid of not enough people queueing for 2 1/2 hour races though.Story: 8/10I read a review early into playing the game that trashed the story, calling it a ""typical racing game story"". After playing through it I see where this talk would be coming from, but it's really hard not to think they just skipped all of the cinematics because it was actually decent. Towards the end it got a bit old, everybody had these bad blood ties to the last boss with rediculous stories to go along, but the initial event, although obvious, was very well done. The end was also pretty thrilling as you confronted the final boss demanding a race for the V8.Zone emersion: 9/10Each zone really felt like it's own thing. Detroit and Chicago felt like street racing. All the dirt areas really felt like you were driving in a Rally car. When you unlocked perf spec you really feel like you did a bunch of street mods to your car. The mountain states were pretty incredible, and Raid spec for the missions there, you really felt like it was something you were doing. Circuit specs do feel like circuit speed compared to the others and there are lots of actual tracks in the game to go try it out on.So that stuff was fine and dandy. The thing is, none of it is what the majority of people actually play racing games for. A lot of people are either Arcade drivers or Simulation drivers. This game has a middle ground, but anything other than Simulation is still Arcade, and for that most Simulation drivers probably won't like it.__________________Driving: 17/50Handling: 3/10This is because it is too easy to turn, this game has an Arcade feel where late breaking is very forgiven, and proper breaking is punished with early turning.Speed: 4/10It all feels very fast, but not real fast. Either the cars are tiny or the roads and buildings are crazy large, the scaling of going 65-75 mph is not even close to as fast as it is in real life, and inherently the higher speeds arn't either. I beleive it was scaled down to make the map seem larger, things take longer.Mechanics: 2/10Unlimited NOS (aside from the cooldown of refilling) brings this way down. Manual works well in Free Roam. The clutch doesn't seem to do anything when you have an xbox controller, can't say for a steering wheel as I don't have one. There is absolutely no gear grinding when shifting without using the clutch.Camera View: 6/10All the standard views, but the important one when it comes to this category is the Cockpit because it has the most detail. No working mirrors.Damage: 2/10Your car has a healthbar and you need to repair it, but the car will look fresh from the dealer even if it is damaged if you just drive it a bit. Damage does not effect any driving mechanics.So the driving wasn't quite there. I don't play racing games to drive anyway. I personally love customizing, and driving slow in cool cars. I assumed a massive map where other players around the world could see my cars while a went for a slow cruise on the highway would be amazing._______________________Customization: 7/30Performance:  7/10You get to change out a lot of the stuff under the hood. It's just a little far from realistic (being that its just Bronze - Plat LVLX peice)Visual: 0/10Far from the standard. When painting the car you can choose 2 tone but can't choose what part. You can't position vinals and can't have more than one. You can't customize actual peices very well, I have yet to find a car that actually lets you swap out the fenders, and most of the cars only have a couple of choices for each peice, if any.Cars: 0/10There are like none. There is not one Mazda or Subaru in the whole game. I hope there are many more cars added as in game purchaseables. NOT DLC UBISOFT._______________Races: 7/10PVP matchmaking and 3 hour runs for hardcores. Awesome. Starting a lot of the Story races already moving, annoying. When driving manual some of these races you have to be spamming the upshift as it starts because you start the race in 2nd at the red line."
,Not Recommended,241560,28754120,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mellowdas,You can't drive to Canada very dissapointed
76561198071416196,Recommended,241560,13598059,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[UESC]Avendril,"Okey,So a review about ""The Crew"",The Crew is a multi player supported racing game,To be honest its only fun when you play with your friends as with your Crew its always more fun even if you're doing the same thing over and over again.""The Crew"" as a game,Is amazing,The graphics,Sounds,Enviroment,Background,Human models,Lip to voice sync and even small things like a guy dropping his laptop while dodging you and saying "" Is this really happening?!"" make this game extremly well detailed and entertaining.I Have just gotten my V2 ink but I already have explored up to Vegas,I spent 80% of my time just driving around and looking at this amazing game.I find it great as you can see those random events like a crash on the road,Ambulance going to the house and then taking out a sick person on stretches or even a fire brigade going off to a crash or burning building,Those are just some of the things that happen in this game but have no effect on us so we usually just miss them,But,I find them more intresting then the actual campain.The Campain is very...linear? Everything is like in NFS Most Wanted,You start at lowest rank and make your way up the ladder just to fight Ryu I mean Shiv who killed your brother.Veryoriginal,huh?Butall of this is compasated by a sexy agent Zoe who is our FBI hot chick who orders us around...Like we have nothing better to do anyway.The car customisation...I expected something more then a standard NFS car editor,Nothing fancy but nothing too bad,I guess its so simple because the braindead kids wouldn't know how to paint the car otherwise.What about engine and interior customisation? A Big joke,For the interior we only choose a damn colors and for engine? Its the same red and silver engine all the time,no change.What else,I know.The skill challanges,90% of them for some reason are too simple to be true(I got my shelby GT500 and I got into top 5000 in the first run...) and the other 10% are ♥♥♥♥ing impossible.Otherwise they are fun,Especially I love the Jumping ones and speed runs/speed challanges.About some people complaining about the cars been ""too expencive"",How the hell? You get 100k Crew credits for the start in the clan/group or whatever and then you get your daily payout every day(Douh...),Which can be from 1k at the start and then 10k towards the end I believe,So i don't know why people complain when the Ferrari car costs 225thousand of these or 885thousand Dollars/bucks,Which are also quite simple to do as you get 15-50k from doing the group/clan/gang missions which last for an 30mins>hour or otherwise you can do main story.Anyway,In 10 hours I had 220k bucks which seemed reasonable for me,Which is also why i have my Shelby GT500 and some Dodge Truck.I will be honest,I would buy this game again if I had to,So far i had grat expirience with this game and I can't complain.The graphics are great,Story isn't too bad,There is alot of fun exploration but it also got it flaws,Such as poorly mad cut scenes that often lag and the cops are bit too op,Even in a street cars they have no problems with ramming your rain truck on the beach.I would give this game a solid 7/10,Its a great racing game for all of you who love your open world and a decent car customisation.I think its worth those 50euro If you have a pad,If you can only use your keyboard,You will have alot of rebinding to do.Thank you for reading all of my review and sorry for my bad english :)"
,Recommended,241560,13221084,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,INCEST IS WINCEST,10/10
,Not Recommended,241560,23800196,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mich3l14,THIS GAME DOESN'T WORK FOR 70% OF THE USERS! IT'S ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!
76561198074734624,Recommended,241560,13193679,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Spazzbucket,"After playing this for 131 hours I have a few things I'd like to change about my review.The freeroam is absolutely amazing and fun to cruise around, took me a full day with few breaks to make it around the entire perimeter of the map. The police system needs work, you can go flying past a cop at speed and they dont do anything unless you hit them, cause enough damage or crash. I have not done pvp so no idea how that is. FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING SOUNDS I extremely dislike it when my lambo sounds exactly like my skyline minus the very quiet, almost inaudible turbo spool and blow off. All the fords sound the same etc. Racing against AI is meh, if you know how to drive its easy.Overall the game is great if you like to cruise around with your friends or do top speed runs, I enjoy playing it with my G27 wheel but dont expect to break any records in manual transmission (nitrous stops every time you shift gears) and if you're a motoring enthusiast as I am, certain details in the workshop bother the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. 2 and 3, yes 3 stroke engines. Rpm sound increases years before the crank starts turning faster, certain cars have the exhaust just floating, not connected to the engine and it comes out the diff.I'd give it a 6/10, still recommend people to get it for cruising"
,Recommended,241560,13193397,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Tiger_Crunch,so far pretty fun :) cant wait to play it tomorrow...got a sexyyyy purple mustang already. Game gives a good feeling of speed and one slight movement the wrong way can throw you completely off track but that just makes it all the more fun
,Recommended,241560,13221692,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Floopy Goober,"I have seen some of the reviews saying the game is not worth buying and that it isnt a good game blah blah blah. SO FAR i love this game, it reminds me about when i played midnight club as a kid and that just made me love the game. For car games im not big into story so for me the story of this game isnt a big factor but the races are very fun and keep me coming back. Yes the handling for the cars arent the best but i think ubisoft will see that they ♥♥♥♥ed up with the handling then just tweek it alittle, but the handling isnt too bad...it just takes some getting use too. So far i havent gotten kicked from the server and i havent seen any glitches. If you are looking for a simulator i dont think this is for you, the first person views are awesome but the cars just dont feel realistic. BUT even though its not realistic doesnt mean its not fun, im having a great experience with the game and i think they will fix the issues that people are having with the game soon......I will be updating this as i play more and more but i have to say i really do like this game"
76561198060622875,Not Recommended,241560,25368737,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,XileGentro,crashes often
,Recommended,241560,13200781,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,max1c,By far the best racing game to ever come out. If you enjoy racing games this is the one.
76561197988540450,Recommended,241560,13794987,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,teh Johnson,This is the most fun game to be released ever since the last most fun game to be released.I therefore recommend this to you.
,Recommended,241560,13216293,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Pedorkijs Sorozīts,TL;DR  BUY IT
,Recommended,241560,26283625,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Naiklič,This game is absolutelly the best racing game..and that cars :3
,Not Recommended,241560,29927437,Posted: 14 February,all,MAD_JIHAD,On so many levels this game is bad.Leaderboards are not specific to driving aids and DLC so you can cheeze the hell out of them.Theres not much to do outside of level up cars.You can only have fun playing this game ironically as theres so many bugs.
,Recommended,241560,13870755,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,MarkWithA'C',Easily the best game on Steam.
76561197991403562,Not Recommended,241560,22076790,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,CNN is FAKE NEWS,"***WARNING USES CRAP UBISOFT DRM UPLAY***This game is just a big disapointment, idea was good but execution was terrible.This is a driving game and driving should be the fun part of it right?Wrong all the cars have the same bland feel to them and don't have any remote realistic feel to them at all.The game made me waste like an hour in the prologe before I could even do any thing I can tell you after that hour I was already done with this♥♥♥♥♥♥game. There is no multiplayer race menu to find races.. which brings me to. MENU NAVIGATION IS TERRIBLE.. like remember those bad 90s game menus? This game is on par with that. Game feels like a play4free game they decided to charge money for.Also there was a lot of false advertising about The Wild Run DLC, People who bought the season pass DID NOT GET THE LAST DLC.. TOTAL SCAM BY UBISOFT!!!Speaking  of Wild Run this dlc seemed to break this game compared to what it was before.Speaking of TERRIBLE.. This game has SERIOUS STUTTER AND VIDEO CHOPPINESS. before you accuse me of having a bad computer I'm getting 100+ fps maxed out with a ssd and 144hz monitor. This game has that♥♥♥♥♥♥console port feel to it in everything you do. FEELS LIKE A TERRIBLE CONSOLE PORT! UNOPTIMIZED GARBAGE!!!To put the icing on the game this game uses CRAP UBISOFT UPLAY DRM!!!SCREW YOU UBISOFT! STEAM IS DRM IN OF ITSELF!!!!!YES I AM REQUESTING A REFUND ON THIS CRAP GAME!!!0/10 FAIL***WARNING USES CRAP DRM UBISOFT UPLAY***░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄uPLAY-▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Not Recommended,241560,22870002,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,arpa ™,"The crew is one of the best open world racing games that exist. The story is good, and the soundtrack is okay.The graphics are amazing, and the car customization is good enough. Vinyls and paintjobs should have been done better though. Now it sounds like this is nearly a flwaless game right?But no, there is one big problem WILD RUN DLC.The game was so good before this DLC. Wild Run costs more than the game itself. I bought the season pass and still didn't recieve this DLC. You are forced to download it and every now and then you get pop-ups asking to buy this DLC. It's really f❤️❤️king annoying and it should be free/removed/an entirely new game.After this DLC I pretty much don't trust Ubisoft at all anymore.. GREAT JOB UBISOFT!"
,Not Recommended,241560,23791575,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,VAC,literrally sucksgets stuck everytime i launch it and it literally sucks
,Not Recommended,241560,25366537,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,g00gle,"crap. the game is pretty fun but uplay, all of the errors i got while trying to setup the game and link my account with uplay,and all of the dlc made this game no fun. i also got an error where inshelper.exe wasnot installing. i did some research and this error was in the beta."
,Recommended,241560,13198831,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,devilseye,This is amazing game!So huge area for driving!Recommended for all my friends :)
,Not Recommended,241560,13938456,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ClownRuler,"I feel that this game is a waste of money at the price it is currently running. Sixty dollars for a game with very VERY poorly executed physics is not worth anyone's time. This is especially true when the game in question is a game that revolves around driving. The controls are incredibly difficult to tune and even more infuriating to attempt to execute in-game. The game has several settings which the player can change at any given point in time while playing. These settings do about as much to help the player regain control of their vehicle as a map would do to help Helen Keller navigate Detroit. From what I can tell after well over an hour of simply tearing about experimenting with the different settings and looking of their 'descriptions' on various forums I reached a simple conclusion. This conclusion is that you can adjust your settings so that it feels as though you are flinging a brick across either a frozen pond or a recently thawed puddle of mud. From what I can tell the settings allow you to either get your car to steer straight at high speeds or be able to make it around corners at high speeds, but never both. I would not recommend this game to anyone, even a person that has sixty dollars of blood money they stole from the Mafia and were attempting to get rid of it somehow. I would instead recommend to that person that they buy literally any other sixty dollar game, period."
,Recommended,241560,14100279,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,mrcl,#0_35 Error. 10/10. Would error again!
,Not Recommended,241560,32988519,Posted: 29 June,all,king,♥♥♥♥ing garbage.  Literally the most UNPLAYABLE GAME ON STEAM!
76561198103075418,Not Recommended,241560,30430770,Posted: 10 March,all,The Exile,The game no longer loads.I have redownloaded the game and still does not load in on Steam or Uplay.I am not the only one who has this problem.Do not buy right now!I will update this review when and if this gets fixed.
76561198018969455,Not Recommended,241560,19137033,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Johny,1) for multiplayer u need VPN !! thats biggest mistake in this game2)not much upgrades 4 cars3)rearview mirror is fake
,Recommended,241560,24791575,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,F33L1N,Lots of fun to play with friends 8/10
,Recommended,241560,19276748,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Zerenade,"A very good looking game, especially on ultra, I haven't played alot of "" car "" games, but so far this is my favorite!"
,Recommended,241560,14131188,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Fr3aK The Vrapt0r,BUY IT!!!!!! FFS BUY IT!!!!
76561197960776570,Recommended,241560,17087636,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,False Shepherd,"I purchased this game last weekend, and now its 50% cheaper!  Not cool!  Be nice if I could at least get 50% of my money back.I am enjoying the game, just feel kind of cheated.If you were a fan of Test Drive Unlimted 1 or 2, then you'll enjoy this game.Car handling is arcadey but fun.  It plays okay with a wheel, but i prefer using a controller.  (I tend to switch between the two).Graphics are great and it runs smooth at 60fps on ULTRA settings with shadows set to medium and Anti-aliasing turn off (2560x1440).My only gripe so far after playing for approx. 17hours, is the car engine sounds seem faint, it definately could do with an increase in volume as the ambient sounds and sound-fx tend to drown out the engine.7.5 / 10."
,Not Recommended,241560,14042745,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Albo Gravity,♥♥♥♥♥ Just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Im sorry but it is. Not worth a penny.
,Recommended,241560,13222196,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Fingerchain,
76561198093718238,Not Recommended,241560,22501036,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,NASI BABI,this game not that good
76561198114484620,Recommended,241560,13206723,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,getting355,"this game are pretty badass , i love this game .last but not least i recommend guys play this game as well .i guarantee this will bring you something you can't found in the other racing games xD."
76561198256542969,Not Recommended,241560,24131878,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,fat kuen,"rubbish game , always { the crew game is stop working}dont buy it!!!!!"
76561198059900175,Recommended,241560,13215956,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,pielemans,"You like NFS underground/ TDU1,2?THEN BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT'S PERFECT AND IT'S PERFORMANCE IS NOT BAD AT ALL!!!"
,Not Recommended,241560,22600334,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Adolf_Litler,It will crash on you after hours of the game and usslay not let you play till you get the wild run edition so dont do it.
,Recommended,241560,13923276,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mr.Snuggles,"this game is alot of fun, in my preference more fun then forza horizon franchise, easily over a 20 hour game no matter how fast you try to complete everything. good buy"
,Not Recommended,241560,19023306,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Hiken,"So lets get this straight, this game is your average ''drive wherever the ♥♥♥♥ you want'', Don't misunderstand me, this game is entertaining, you have the whole U.S.A to run around, can drive into nice places, and if you want to chill out is a nice option to just get a car and make a ♥♥♥♥ing road trip trough the route 66, BUT, as an AAA game this is not good, at all, pros and cons should be enough to demostrate you.PROs:-As I said, the ''whole'' USA as map.-You can set your cars to different settings (Off-road, Circuit, street...) and change it whenever you want, kinda original.-Hot hacker girl in your crew later in the game.CONs:-♥♥♥♥ing Uplay.-Microtransactions.-The hot hacker girl acts like a♥♥♥♥♥♥-The campaign presents no challenge at all. (At least for me.)-Come the ♥♥♥♥ on this is a game about driving why didn't you bother on programming pedestrians and animals to be runned over? Everytime you hit one they just warp/slide to the side of your car.-The crash system, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is it bad, it's a nice idea the regenerating thing, but it makes me feel that programmers just didn't feel like doing this propperly and slapped regeneration to your car.-The skill test things in the middle of the road, they begin to get annoying after you have accidentaly ran into one for the 400th time.-Not a big number of cars.-Dissapointing places. (Go to time's square and i think you'll feel me)-This game makes a ridiculous effort to look like an action movie. In every ♥♥♥♥ing mission there's a plane or helicopter or something explosive that flies over you or adds a ''hollywood'' touch to it. It's nice to see it once. ONCE, not EVERY TIME.-Your car won't notice tearing a traffic light apart, but don't you dare hit some wooden fences.-PvP isn't really crowded i would say.-ALL the cars sound the same, just a different pitch.-Uplay.-I'm spanish, and the translation sometimes is awful.-The controls do really extrange things (turning more/less than what you'd expect and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ts)-I almost forget about this one. The story. An undercover cop, HOW ORIGINAL.There are a lot of othr things that somehow piuss me off but i won't spend my night writing this.I maintain this is an entertaining game, mostly for chilling out with a nice road trip, but as you can see, not anything else to offer."
,Not Recommended,241560,23849124,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Adiuvat,Story is really boring.It is pretty much PAY TO WIN.Gameplay is kind of fun.Graphics are okay.Not worth the price.I'd rather not support Ubisoft.
76561198155028237,Not Recommended,241560,14328607,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,goffredosch,"the gay is not starting on my computer.,,, i wont my money back if you dont miand"
,Recommended,241560,14079224,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Tiяit chan,"I had no idea what kind of car game this was... Its diffrent , but in a good way :) Take your personal style to your car, drive in the beauty of the landskape the game gives you :) So... yeah buy the game if you want a good car game :)"
76561197968515916,Recommended,241560,13262051,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,WereChihuahua,"Lots of fun. Not nearly as ugly as the Xbox One version. UPLAY. Great googly moogly could they make it any harder to play the damn game? UPLAY. Steam sends the key numbers for the Game and the Season pass backwards so I entered the first one about 10 times and got invalid key before trying the second one. Neither of which you can paste... both have to be typed in manually. Yeah. Welcome to the 21st century, get your pencil handy to write this down and then type it in.So, good game. Not great, but not weak enough to have the fun spoiled by the 3rd party DRM scheme called UPLAY.Update after a year. With the Wild Run expansion the grind got a bit grindier as they took away the best way to get high level mods by beating challenges until one popped at level 50. But the game is better looking and smoother running with more stuff to do and more rides to do it in. the fact that I have this on Xbone and PC and have hundreds of hours should tell you what I think. UPlay slightly less annoying than before as they get things better integrated. The Club Ubi rewards are actually starting to be worthwhile added value instead of just a hassle."
,Not Recommended,241560,23663223,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Swagwise Gamgee,"No matter how much I try, the game refuses to run and crashes on startup."
,Not Recommended,241560,23937792,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,twitch.tv/pepsi4me77,Game does not launch.  Thanks Ubisoft.
,Recommended,241560,13212270,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,IHaveNoClueI,"Just buy it, stop reading!"
,Recommended,241560,11897048,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Bling_T,"I'm really enjoying this game. Racing, cruising around or exploring. It's a beta, it has its bugs, but tha game runs fine at 1920x1080 on my GTX660Ti. It seems to be locked at 30 fps which might put some people off, but to be honest that hasn't bothered me yet (even though I prefer framerate over eye-candy).Customization is optional. You can change colors, stickers, bumpers, spoilers, etc but you can keep the car stock if you prefer it that way.The cars look good, and the 2 specs (street and dirt) that are in-game turn the same car into a completely different beast.Driving isn't very realistic, but not too arcade either. It is fun to drive, and that's whats counts."
76561197983256066,Recommended,241560,11941255,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,TomGamesAlot,"So far after playing the beta I've been fairly pleased with this game.Feels a lot like Forza Horizon, with unlockable cars and tons of things to explore."
,Recommended,241560,11896988,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,/ALEKY\,"It keeps giving me authentication error, both the one from Steam and the one from UplayI hope that gets fixed on full release"
,Recommended,241560,32403485,Posted: 13 June,all,Nokturum,"cars dont get faster, they just get less frustrating to drive"
,Recommended,241560,11940769,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Gallandro,the open Beta was adicting. looking forward to the release
,Not Recommended,241560,18124738,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,StoneRabbit,"This game really makes me wish there was a ""mixed"" rating for Steam reviews. So I'll just vote no to publish this.Pros :-Nice graphics-Drive through the whole USA. Very large map to explore-Cockpit view, with each car having their own, heavily detailed interiors-Decent customization-You play as Gordon FreemanCons :-Uplay-Rubberband AI, some people will actually defend this-Lots of griefers who will ram you off the road all the time-Uplay-Poor soundtrack. This game SCREAMS for a custom radio option-Boring storyline. You're likely to end up skipping cutscenes-Uplay-Annoying challenge placement, sitting right in the middle of the road. Hard to avoid. Will cover your vision with badly placed UI stuff-Online only, even though most of the game content can be done solo. You cannot play if you don't have an internet connection or if the servers go down. This♥♥♥♥♥♥means the game will eventually die off like all other always-online games.-UplayThis could've been a pretty solid game but it has many frustrating flaws that will make your blood boil, the always-online thing being the worst. I say buy it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,241560,32169061,Posted: 3 June,all,f_osva,"Well after 200 hrs of playing since release, I just have to say that this was a wonderful game to play! It is just amazing how you just can disable HUD, set the camera in first person and go from LA to New York while playing a relaxing playlist. I am excited for The Crew 2 announced this next E3!"
,Recommended,241560,13954697,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TizZa CSGOSpeed.com,"Okay, game is pretty fun it made me rage a lot of time.First, cops are unreal, you turn nitro on and you are full speed but sometimes cops are still faster than you with their factory default cars.Then, on one of last missions i was racing and finally came on first place after 20 retrys because car that was first crashed, and while i was driving that same care TELEPORTED IN FRONT OF ME and i crashed into him and he finished first. BUT WHEN I CRASH, I ALWAYS SPAWN 3000KM OF MY LAST POSITION BUT NO, BOTS ALWAYS NEEDS TO BE FIRST -.-Still the game is fun, but sometimes really make me mad. Really."
,Recommended,241560,28123757,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Haematic,Do you like cars? Do your friends like cars? Then shut up and buy it.
76561197978477939,Recommended,241560,28277616,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,¤ShArZ,best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever. Insane grafics and the engine sounds is just awesome. 10/10 80 hours played and still loves the game.
,Recommended,241560,13254772,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fusou,"Graphics are okey on ultra atleast cutscenes looks sweetThe open world is just insane its HUGE!Story is♥♥♥♥♥♥Customizable Cars but it needs more different cars5 specs for cars street, dirt, perf, raid, circuit♥♥♥♥♥♥load of side missions/objectivesonly 8 players on multiplayer :< needs 24 or 32 playersNpc's are unforgiving specially taking down targetsCops will allmost instantly stop you if hes infront but there mostly idiotshave to play as a hipster :<Crash pyshics are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t7/10UPLAY SUCKS"
76561198147885205,Not Recommended,241560,23874943,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Hugget03,"This game sucks, the only♥♥♥♥♥♥you will get for the money you spent is a demoversion of the game. So don't buy this game."
76561198117201880,Not Recommended,241560,32299788,Posted: 9 June,all,BlackRabbit,The server suck and you get kicked 2 times in a day. the game is not realistic and sometimes you bugg in to something
,Recommended,241560,34447743,Posted: 23 August,all,Ystah,"Decent fun. End game lacks though, getting new cars is either grindy or a long shot."
,Not Recommended,241560,16453709,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Stocki,Worst racing game ever
76561198217688739,Not Recommended,241560,33256190,Posted: 4 July,all,Goldenhawk5219,"I played this game on the PS4 for 100+ hours so don't be fooled by my playtime hours of this game from Steam. It's really dissapointing that even with it being the same online-only game and spent so much time on the PS4 version and so much progress, that I can't transfer my save to PC. So now I have to start ALL OVER again.--SHORT VERSION--PROS:- Huge map- Good amount of car custimization- Fun multiplayer with good variety of game modes- Neat car showrooms with car testing before buying- Free-cam mode for making cool looking screenshots- cloud-savingCONS:- Terrible, disjointed, and condensed copy-paste map of the U.S.- Graphics look terrible at times with low-poly textures.- Clunky vehicle physics- Very grindy part leveling- Unrealistic vehicle topspeeds- Frustratingly slow money earning that can take hours upon hours of racing- Special multiplayer events with exclusive rewards that are not at-your-own leisure and expire within real-world times, mimicking time-based mobile games.- Can't transfer saves from platform to platform.- Third party app required to play on PC.--DETAILED VERSION--PROS:- Huge map that is bigger than Test Drive Unlimited's Hawaii, 1:1 scaled map and Test Drive Unlimited 2's Ibiza, 1:1-scaled map combined with different veriations of environments. Cool landmarks to visit.- Good bit amount of vehicle custimization options and fun to watch a standard street car turn into a monster truck or an offroad vehicle.- Fun multiplayer competition with different gamemodes and co-op missions.- Neat car showroom visuals that let you look at each vehicle by opening and closing doors, honking the horn, looking at the inside of the car from first person, freely moving the orbit-camera and test driving any vehicle before purchasing.- Free-cam mode with many options that lets you move the camera around freely and take awesome screenshots for showing off to friends and uploading.- Progress loss is impossible with your saves constantly being uploaded to the serversCONS:- Instead of having a really cool fictional map to drive around and explore in, the developers decided to design this wierd condensed, disfigured map of the USA. It gets really akward when driving from like New York City to Chicago in 10 minutes and gets really comedic at times watching how small and close together cities, towns and highway systems are. Residential areas especially look VERY close together and look extremely artificial. Parking lots and back alley streets look hilariously disjointed and have small pillars installed with tall invisible walls to keep you from exploring and discovering more of how terrible they look. Also the cities and towns in this game look about the same and only have a few unique land features and structures such as monuments but that's about it. Driving around in these cities and towns are also very limited when it comes to freedom because just about every shopping plaza, town home, and generic copy-paste business building and strips have these wierd looking short shouldn't-be-there pillars with invisible walls that keep you from driving up steps and their alleyways that totally look like you should be able to drive up on. Even most of the ramps in this game that you should obviously be able to drive up on have these invisible walls that even keep monster trucks out. Hell even most of the parks in the cities and towns in this game are strangely off limits! As badly put together the map looks, alot of the areas literally look like a custom map you would make in a Far Cry game trying to mimic a big city in real life. It just doesn't look right AT ALL. All this just so the developers can brag at E3 saying that the ""Whole USA map is at your hands to explore"". WTF.- Even after the Wild Run update that gave the game a graphics and color boost, it still looks really terrible at times, especially in the cities. Player vehicles and country environments can look very screenshot-pretty, but when it comes to generic civilian cars, pedestrians, buildings, and landmarks, it reminded me of when I played those Need for Speed games in the mid 2000's. Low-polygon textures and absolutely low details made me wonder what the hell the developers were thinking when it came to quantity over quality.- Clunky car physics that are wierder than Midnight Club L.A.'s. Going offroad and want to climb a rock with your monster truck or drive over a car? Good luck with that. Hitting a wall at 200 MPH barely scratches the front end of your car but driving into or through small bushes and brush absolutely destroy your car. Your car slowly ""heals"" over time, so it becomes laughable watching your car's damaged body artificially correct itself and transform as if nothing ever happened as your driving.- Extemely grindy trying to get higher level car parts. And I mean it is soo grindy, it will drive you up the walls if not literally. It will feel like you are playing a mobile game like NFS No Limits when it comes to car progression.- Very unrealistic and unfair top speed when you have just about all of the highest level parts for your cars because whether you have the slowest or fastest cars in the game, they will all have THE SAME top speeds and acceleration which makes ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE. No point of spending 700,000+ credits that took 50+ hours for you to get when you can spend 16,000 on a slow car that will have the same power as that Ferarri when you have all the highest level parts.- Takes a VERY LONG time to get money in this game if you don't want to spend real money for in-game credits, hence the microtransactions they throw at you all the time. Even with money-earning perks maxed out and exploits you may find to get more money quicker, It WILL STILL take you LOTS and LOTS of racing just to get a decent amount to buy a Mustang and that's not counting custimization parts and such.- Real-time multiplayer events that require you to not have a life because they are in-sync with real world time that expire after a certain day or time just like a mobile game does. Not really an at-your-own leisure friendly game when it comes to engaging in special higher-reward events with exclusive car rewards and parts. Really dissapointing if you have a job and can't make it when you come home and find out that you missed an event with that exclusive car you wanted to win and will never get.- Can't transfer saves from platform to platform, despite being able to link your Xbox Live Account and PSN to your Ubisoft account which is useless to do with this game. Each platform has its own servers for online which can be frustrating if transfering.- Required to have a seperate third-party app, UPlay installed and running on your computer which can take up valuable hardware. So now not only do you have shortcut keys for and overlay of Steam running in the background while playing The Crew, you ALSO have an overlay and shortcut keys for UPlay running in the background as well while playing.*This game is OK. It can be really fun at times with HUGE jumps to make, driving 300 MPH+ in drag car builds, playing around with friends and showing off each other's vehicle builds and paint designs, going into free-cam mode and taking awesome screenshots, but the negatives feel like they just totally outweigh the positives for me. Especially with games that I have that are far more interesting and fun to play than this one.** When I had this game for PS4, I really liked it because it was kind of an alternative to Forza Horizon because I didn't have an Xbox One nor gaming PC at the time. I didn't have college and had alot of fun playing with friends. Now that I have a gaming PC and have college, I would rather play Forza Horizon 3, which has WAAAY more cars, more custimization options and parts, more beautiful graphics with better optimization for PC and overall just much more enjoyable to play than this game. I would rate this game a 2/5 for PC."
,Not Recommended,241560,25564344,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,LVCSSlacker,"Between graphical glitches, unintuitive menu controls, and a literal inability to restart, my hype from the game faded to a cold, icy nothing. the game had potential... but the cars jumping around like they were on crack was a sign of things to come. in game, the play was smooth enough, sure. But then came the issue of trying to figure out the menus. Maybe it's because I wasn't paying strict attention to the tutorials and trying to get though to the main game at a LAN party, but I was having issues navigating the menus.The greatest flaw, however, was not letting the customer restart the campaign. Yes, I can go back and redo missions. Yes, I can customize a different starter car... BUT IT'S NOT THE FRAGGIN SAME! If you put a game down for months, and decide you wanna come back to it with a fresh start, that's the use of LETTING YOUR CUSTOMER RESET THE GAME! If they want to play though the game a second time from scratch, THATS THE USE OF LETTING YOUR CUSOMTER RESET THE GAME! I've seen a couple of workarounds that kinda work, sure... But this is basic functionality that was left out! Do yourself a favor and pass on this. Go with a Need for Speed game, go with Asetto Corsa... Don't go with this. This is not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,241560,20655069,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Bobbie Kennedy,"I expected so much more out of this game. Ubisoft should not make racing games. Graphics are 9/10 which is nice but the game play is terrible. Yes its open world semi-sandbox style but the player to player interaction is 0 if even that. What to play with someone cool they can be in your crew, want to play solo? your screwed. And everytime I'm at a world event or a challange you do on the open road (summit event etc.) people spawn over and over and over right in front you, beside you behind you, pretty much everywhere you dont want them when trying to get good stats in an event at 120+ MPH. Just Smh, im more or less frustrated they didnt work on the development more and think of things like this."
76561198005877250,Not Recommended,241560,23927520,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Highlander,i just got this game (the crew) and it dos not work. it loads up abit then stop with program stop working. help
76561198219473127,Recommended,241560,19151455,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,BLVD69,"Fantastic game, Beautiful landscapes, nice selection of cars.The car's are crap for handling while in your story events.After level 50 i hear things improve some what with the cars.Many Racing Crews in this game that came from NFS World.My Crew Blvd69 Crew also from NFS World.{LINK REMOVED}http://blvd69crew.weebly.comwell have fun and also im looking to hire new crew in this game long term!Read my rules on my homepage of my website i posted in this review.Blvd69"
76561198179105965,Recommended,241560,25576153,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,"Tigern ""Mjew!!""",why cant i play the crew i just closes when i try to play it
76561198128327643,Recommended,241560,19127516,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,[C ❤︎ A] Glitch The Emo Kid,good game but you need O.K. internet to play its ok if you struggle with youtube on your phone
76561198165175773,Recommended,241560,22795903,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,★Paul Walker★,its very nice game i love it
,Recommended,241560,23629107,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mykkse,"Cool game, big map, many different cars and bikes, lots of stuff you can do. Report AI for hacking! (Joke but AI is kind of hard to beat).Aand of course Ubisoft.."
76561198105109482,Recommended,241560,23685895,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,I miss my wife so much,Pretty fun game if you ignore the startup crash
,Recommended,241560,23662438,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,jackfox,Great game love it but I juis fell in love with a mustang GT350 and I am not sure if the crew has that car.
76561198124897252,Recommended,241560,25438449,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Masina de plantat cartofi,it is good but it take time to make money for new cars even if u are nr 1.
,Recommended,241560,26187977,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Voips Has Gay,"THIS IS SOME GOOD SH*T RIGHT HERE, GOOD SH*T! GOOD SH*T IF I SAY SO MYSELF, ""I say so!"" YES, GOOD SH*T!"
76561198050577333,Recommended,241560,28663322,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Meels123,fun
,Recommended,241560,30055355,Posted: 20 February,all,MσcнαLαттε |,Super stunning graphics and sexy beast.
,Recommended,241560,30140021,Posted: 24 February,all,Hope✌,<3<3<3
,Recommended,241560,23328384,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Slack96,Nice car game with good customization options. :)
,Recommended,241560,25800245,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,LuckierGold75,everything
76561198157214473,Recommended,241560,26262914,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,GregorGB  csgolive.com,yes this game is good
76561198041684410,Recommended,241560,14143549,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,blueybean,"This is a fantastic racing game, the cars feel tight and it's an ingenous mix of arcade driving and simulation. Tuning has huge impact on overall car handling, the enormous open world looks and feels great and even the story picks up the pace after a few missions.I had no problems whatsoever with the uplay servers and tough I would have liked to have more privacy settings or even be able to play offline, it's not a real problem. Open faction races are a blast!Highly recommendable, if you liked Test Drive Unlimited you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,241560,17136787,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Quickdrawz,[+] A very solid game[-] Uplay dogshit
76561198050453860,Recommended,241560,27705615,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AWOL,"I have really liked this game but for newer players the PvP system may be a little hard because of the amount of people with maxxed out cars, they don't entirely decide a match but come pretty close. Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,241560,13825072,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Heen,"The game is extremely fun, but the servers are extremely bad.8/10"
76561198069753133,Recommended,241560,13841581,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,amazing game! Love It!
76561198081917899,Not Recommended,241560,16252414,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Kush Energy,The Game was not worth 60 dollars......
76561198067065307,Recommended,241560,13261934,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,nogers,Very fun and doesn't seem to be slowing down.
76561198040814617,Recommended,241560,14787649,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,RafBad,the best
,Recommended,241560,13203313,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,EndangeredHeinemann,Amazing game can not say enough about it but very dissapointed because i can not have a session without it crashing its pothetic
,Recommended,241560,13208777,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,illicious,"The map is huge! The content is plenty! The rush is intense!If you like online racers and MMOs then try this gem.This is even bigger than Need For Speed World Onlineworld.needforspeed.comSide note:Sorry dudes. There are no guns, no walking around and no mindless killing.This is a MMO Racing Game so don't expect GTA or DayZ."
76561198074283228,Recommended,241560,13216718,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,SvDiessen,"Great game, great servers, overall rating 9/10. Just some glitches/bugs."
,Recommended,241560,13215479,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,DJ4everkill[DK],"It's a really awsome game, just what i have been waiting for. buy it buy it buy it, and see u on the track!"
,Recommended,241560,17102954,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,nelu?,gta and forza had a baby but it was a little broken and so they sold it to ubisoft but it grew up to be a guy who lives totally normal. 8/10
76561198142175538,Not Recommended,241560,28989491,Posted: 3 January,all,[BösD] L_Fireman,Pls don't buy this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Damn son fr. Wat ya doin with dis? Pls mates. Stop dis.Fr Ubisoft did u ever hear of bugfixing!!! Bi*tch as kid!
,Not Recommended,241560,24682951,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,I DONT GIVE A FUCK| A.K.A BUBBA,Its Ok not worth the money
76561198066334169,Not Recommended,241560,19462522,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,|NFA| Sir Walter Melone,if u like playing a very unrealistic racing game with no drifting and locked controls go ♥♥♥♥ing kill yourself and take the developing team of this game with you. No Story Released half the game as dlc and u cant use a wheel because nobody plays racing games with ♥♥♥♥ing automatic gears . Worst racing game ive ever played the only thing i can say that was good was the way they make it look good and trick you into giving them your money...♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft and your crybaby ♥♥♥♥♥ locked controls
76561198316140284,Not Recommended,241560,24119185,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,cj.herring24680,this game took me ♥♥♥♥ing 3 dasy to download in the first place and then when it finally finshied the game is slower than internet explorer. do not by this game on pc. and other platform is great. if the game wasnt so slow... this game would be great
,Recommended,241560,27806866,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zwizzy,Awesome game and grafics. The best game i ever played up to now
,Recommended,241560,27819429,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mephistopheres,Just sat there and watched my wrecked ride got itself repaired
,Recommended,241560,13207343,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,qb,"At the time of writing this, the game has been out for 28 hours and I have 17 hours played on it. I like it."
76561198118474560,Not Recommended,241560,20469424,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Fox Vix,"I want a Refund now! Or else !Hello, I wanted to start The Crew that i recently bought but to all my avail when it comes to "" Wont launch the game ""Verifying Cache, Run as Admin , Put some XML or DLL Whatever. I hear this very VERY same words from other users ....Don't tell me to post the "" TECH SUPPORT "" . Because I dont have the patience to wait for your reply...SO to make things straight,Its Either fix my problem , OR REFUND Me my money back. Otherwise , i had no choice but to write on How poor the Ubisoft service is .I spend on this because I LIKED the game. Now please The crew Developers, If you listen this you know what to do.NOTE :IF I MANAGED TO FIX THE PROBLEMS YOU GAVE ME AND IT WORKS,I'll RETURN A FAVOR BY SAYING GOOD THINGS ABOUT THE CREW.DONT DISAPPOINT ME! I MEAN IT! BECAUSE TO BE HONEST, I SPEND THIS GAME JUST TO PLAY MORE RACE!"
,Not Recommended,241560,20588673,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Datív vám to povie,You need Dlc to play
76561198149164750,Not Recommended,241560,21889487,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,STICKY RICE,GUYS DONT BUY THIS ONE ITS 30$ BUTS ITS A DEMO LIKE U HAVE TO BUY THE WILDRUM EXPANSION GUY I BROUGHT THIS GAME AND IT SAID IT WAS LIMITED TIME 30$ FOR A DEMO
,Not Recommended,241560,25733040,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,blackooze man,"This is a good game with some issues. It constantly crashes has frequent glicthes and the ins. heper makes it unplayable for some people. You can t play for more than 30 mins -1 hour without it crashing. I gave this game a chance and bought it. Dont make the same mistake I did, save your money and spend it on something that works. Or you can  buy the game and fix the problems."
,Not Recommended,241560,24209900,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Joachim Loew,most horrible game.THE CREW SIPPORT DOESNT EVEN CARE.IVE WASTED MY MONEY ON THIS GAME AND IM VERY DISSAPOINTED.PLEASE BY MISTAKE ALSO DO NOT TRY BUYING THIS HORRIBLE GAME.THE CREW SUPPORT STAFF ARE NOT EVEN REFUNDING THIS GAME.HUGE DISSAPOINTED.
,Not Recommended,241560,23970167,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kuha88,"Great game, can't even launch it!"
76561198073338948,Not Recommended,241560,21094658,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Blacklotus0114,"the driving is not what was expected of a driving game it felt loose compared to any other driving game. its ui is horrible, the graphics werent up to par with other games of the same caliber, and its storyline was bland"
,Recommended,241560,13850888,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Valknut,Really amazing game reminds me of TDU
,Recommended,241560,13872230,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Mega,"Definitely one of the best racing games out there, while the physics are indeed arcade-ish and sometimes your car can spin to hell (fixed on tomorrow, January 7th's update), it should not stop you from having a great experience. However, if you want to have more fun in this game, you should try to get some teammates on first hand to make the overall campaign less frustrating and enjoyable.The storyline features Alex Taylor, an illegal street racer voiced by someone who seems to have a protagonsit fetish, yours truly, Troy Baker. The story is about Alex being framed by a murder he did not commit and his quest for justice and revenge. For a racing game, it's really engaging.The map is really diverse, and it's not filled with random content, you can explore for hours and you'll feel an amazing immersion, no racing game achieved this on me before. Contains all main USA cities, however if you're american, expect a few small towns you know to be missing (Orlando, for starters, is nowhere to be found), but it's the sacrifice you need to make with a game of this scale.The graphics are also really pretty, and Nvidia's graphic features, completely opposite to other older games, does NOT ruin your framerate and performance and it amazingly improves the games' look compared to the console counterparts.AspectScore (out of 10)Gameplay10Story9.5Performance9Graphics10"
,Recommended,241560,13805028,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TheSavageRain,"A good game for people who like open world racing games. Being able to travel accross the united states and back is a fun adventure that can take awhile, but depending on where you go. It's usually worth it."
,Recommended,241560,13889811,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,XXXTESTICLE,Still a better love story than Twilight. 10/10
,Recommended,241560,13831010,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,RFons1990,"I honestly love this game. I can't say enough good things about the fast travel in this game. I don't usually use fast travel as I enjoy driving to/from locations but when I use it, it is pretty much instantaneous with no real loading of any kind and leaves me truly impressed, especially since you can fast travel to a friend on the fly instead of a static location. People nowadays are spoiled absolutely rotten. If a game isn't absolutely perfect, it automatically must mean that it is utter crap. People also don't take into account that just because something happens with them and their game, it doesn't mean it happens with everybody. Example of that is people complaining about not being able to connect with their friends and such, I played with my friend last night for probably like 4 hours and got disconnected a couple times but went right back in and reconnected with no problem. Games have flaws, its apart of the game and its just something hopefully they fix in an update/patch."
,Recommended,241560,16490092,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Coool Mayne,Drive the Chevy if you want to tow a big load.Drive a Ford if you swollow a big load.
76561198045252680,Recommended,241560,14114070,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Aldoard3,Would recommend.
,Recommended,241560,28345300,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Puupää,Game say's to McLaren F1 goes 386km/h but when i go it only goes 330.... We need little bit buff to that. But also I like sametime this games because its really realistic. There are little bit problems. Sorry my english.
,Recommended,241560,13243339,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,5LV8,"This game is real surprise for me. I didnt expect too much after beta, but this is big and beautiful game. If you love the cars and also have powerful PC, you definitely want this game. The point of this game is huge, beautiful and various open world. I love it. Besides Mustang GT 2015 is there and you can tune it!!! NICE!!!"
,Not Recommended,241560,19405354,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,pink0505,
76561198129797972,Not Recommended,241560,14908830,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,hoping this game works,"Preordered the gameGot hyped for the gameDownloaded the gamePlayed the gameSaw all the great graphics and great Cars and then.....Gameplay started to suckStory started to suckStory made no senseGamneplay Started to REALLY suckControls started to suckStarted to lagGot lost and confusedTried mulitplayer( this was supposed to the best part of the game anyways right :D )No friends  bought the game (cuz it suckS)Had nothing to doPromptly uninstalledOverhyped game, not worth the money 5/10"
76561198312409943,Recommended,241560,33603431,Posted: 17 July,all,BlacKSharK,cars
,Recommended,241560,33626080,Posted: 18 July,all,Hikari_NEET,Game was good but uplay servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥50% of the campagin was fun but the rest got reptivite same thing over and over againLoved going around america but pretty lonly without friends but with friends the fun startsThere is a lack of cars and the pricing of the cars are way to expensive and its hard to earn cash in gameCant wait for crew 2
,Recommended,241560,30289857,Posted: 2 March,all,MisterKrezi,Best ever
,Not Recommended,241560,17134845,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Yoda,"Very laggy, poorly optimized, and couldnt handle more than 20 minutes. I have a GTX 970, i7 4770k, 16gb 1600mhz ram, and 10k rpm hdd. Would not recommend. Refund necessary."
,Not Recommended,241560,21109430,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,H3AVEN,Don't spend your 30 dollars on it it is just a trial i purchased it and it was a ♥♥♥♥ing trailLen Mertens
76561198104803343,Not Recommended,241560,19280286,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ko Gyi E,"i can only say ""What The **** "" but before that allow me to explain that this game is probably really great. and i emphasize on the ""probably"" because it locked me out after 2 hours of gameplay and told me that my trail run was over... which is weird because i paid for the entire game and now it wants me to buy Wild Run DLC or i cannot continue playing. Hope that it's a techical error or else this game is so not worth the money!! I find it ridicilous to have to pay for a trail run..."
,Not Recommended,241560,23637619,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Fallerent,"It's a good game, but really not worth the cost (I paid $60 for the game + season pass). Its fun but after just 21 hours I have beaten the entire story and many of the other races. Unless you want to spend a fortune for the multiplayer, do not buy. The multiplayer is the only thing left to really do in game after the main story other than monotonous races, and the multiplayer is basically dominated by the players who have spent countless hours on said monotonous races to unlock parts that are better than yours. Not to mention that the game has quite a few bugs, most of the bugs I encounter seem to be related to loading the world (freezes, infinite loading screens, falling through the world, etc.) however in just 21 hours of gameplay I have encountered bugs that require restarting the game at least ten times and restarting this game takes some time. Very long loading even on a powerful computer. The world is huge, driving is fun, I really did enjoy the time I spent on this game, but for the short length and little amount of fun things to do it's really not worth the price tag. If you can get it for less than $30 WITH SEASON PASS, maybe go for it. Do not buy without season pass. Do not buy at all if it's full price. The game just feels like a huge cash grabbing attempt, you can only get so much out of it's mediocrity even if you have every DLC. Not to mention, the season pass doesn't even allow you to get everything. There are numerous other cars/customization/etc. that you have to buy even if you bought the game and every DLC. Very ♥♥♥♥♥♥, Ubisoft. I imagine this game was probably alright before it was turned into a marketing scam."
,Recommended,241560,16429611,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Festers Feast,Bought this the day it came out.Beat the story line in 20 hours.Jumped off a ski jump for 90 hours.I think thats all you do in this game.
76561198145333765,Recommended,241560,13710080,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gerbera.Z,"Ok frist things first, I am an Actual Mechanic and Car addict, and I play all genres of games too, so im not too biased I hope.This game is easily misunderstood for a game that should be like Need for Speed and Burnout. No, just stop and think about it, have you noticed how small burnout paradise's and NFS Rival's Map was? Very small indeed, they were both great, but the maps did not deliver. The crew has a gorgeous map, especially for that size, its very detailed and there is so much going on in the background that it gives you that, ""I'm in a living and breathing world feel"". You will seep lanes flying in and out of airports, peopel walking around, ambulances and firetrucks roaring by, heck, sometimes i smack into em' from time to time because they go by so quick. There are alot of players online too, i keep bumping into otther guys and chase em around. for giggles, I smash into em to bother them. There is just too much to do, so many different environments, so many missions, the story makes sense and is pretty interesting for a game this type, but dont expect a deep story like those mass effect games or a visual novel ok? This game aint only about the story, but the point of it is to  DRIVE. this game IS a racing game too, there is alot to race against, wetehr it's time, friends, or the clock. now There are a few issues that I noticed. There is a lack of cars. Lucky for me I love dodges, so there is dodge galore for me and my favorite machine ever is the dodge viper. I guess im just lucky. yeah, the game needs more cars. As for the visuals, ARE YOU REALLY GOING TO EXPECT A GAME THIS SIZE TO LOOK AS GOOD AS DRIVECLUB, FORZA 5, AND PROJECT CARS!? Those games are only on small  maps catered to a certain course, that's why they look so nice, give me a game this big with Driveclub's visuals and i'll drop dead. The engine sounds are quite accurate, I surprised to hear the Dodge RAM SRT 10 sound like the viper, I was shocked they did it right. The cops on the game are a real challenge too. some might get annoyed due to teh dificulty, but I like it alot simply because I found the cops in NFS rivals to be too easy and the same applies to mostly all other games that feature pursuits. There are distinct cops for each city as well as helicopters too. This games is insane. Here now is my final area, the performance on this game. I'm running an overclocked AMD FX processor at 4.41 GHz, an  AMD R9 280X GPU, and 16 GB of RAM. This is by no means the best computer ever, but man it's pretty dammn good at running all games. The crew suffers from stuttering when running 60 fps during cutscenes, and there will be some fps drop a times. I run this game all ultra, and AA at 4x. So it looks easily better than PS4/XB1. The handling is awesome, because it requires skill, i drive with hardcore settings and it allows me to powerslide and control the drifts and such, the standard setting is too easy for me and it makes it so cartoony compared to hardcore. My verdict is that you should try this game because it will be worth it, try get a friend or two in there, or simply make new ones, tehre are many people trying to add me all the time so there will be no shorage of that my friends. Well I hope i didnt waste too much time. Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,241560,14491371,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Beautiful Trout,Pay to win
76561197992230416,Not Recommended,241560,22195558,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Tjockis-Leif!♕,"how is this possible!I bought full pack with dlc and wild run, after 2 hours i cant play more cause i have to buy wild run! it says it is in my library and the cd-key is activated!!"
76561198099303623,Recommended,241560,13775615,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,luckoftheirish97,Runs well on my machine even though its a laptop:Asus ROG GL752VWGPU1: Intel HD 530GPU2: Nvidia GeForce GTX 960MCPU: Intel Core i7-6700HQ16 GB RAM2 GB of VRAM
,Recommended,241560,14522026,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Joeymad,"While this game is not perfect, it is definitely much, MUCH better than I expected after EA's NFS Rivals fail. We finally have a true online racing game that is extremely fun. Now let us just hope that they continue to update the game and release new content for quite some time."
,Recommended,241560,13935384,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,✯Spooky Diesel33g,hella
,Recommended,241560,13944241,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Hidefrag,...
76561198123857177,Not Recommended,241560,21669573,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,False Savage,Scammer ♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,241560,30757297,Posted: 26 March,all,Firecruiser,Its Good game... but need alot of graphics. Just be carefully while buying for those who have low end laptop or PC
,Recommended,241560,34457654,Posted: 24 August,all,BLuRocK,"I have this game from day 1 and i can say that this game offers good amount of content for reasonable price. Also the ultimate edition is now on sale which is worth every penny. But there is some drawback for me, i got both season pass and wildrun expansions but i can't get calling all units if i dont pay more than ultimate edition. They should also make discounts on expansions seperately."
,Not Recommended,241560,14943637,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Nio,No...Just Don't.
,Not Recommended,241560,17203543,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,GOAT,Joined only 1 AFK player or  Emptly server should not buy it while saw it offer 50%#ForeverDriveAlone
76561198178945226,Not Recommended,241560,17709504,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Stefan the famm,THIS IS JUST TRIAL VERSION! THATS NOT FEAR!!!
,Not Recommended,241560,14754069,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,TheRaggyRagman,Blew $60 on a dlc/glitch-riddled piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I couldn't even run01/10
,Recommended,241560,13647117,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,KingHowdN,"Really good game, if u use G27 imo"
,Recommended,241560,13616931,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Vannilabean,"The crew is an amazing game. First off the map is the most detailed map I have ever played on. Wereever you drive there is always someting new to look at. For example, the grand canyon. The racing aspect is unbelieavable however the cut scenes are kind of buggy. The whole aspect of playing online is one of my favorite things about thsi game set aside the map. Everybody who plays it is practically on the same server and if you want to join there crew they show up on the map. Anyway this game i awesome 10/10"
,Recommended,241560,29093684,Posted: 7 January,all,BOT Frank,"I do not understand why people leave negative feedback on this game because of Zoe who likes to say ""Don't forget to visit the police shop, you have a free police car waiting"" and when you go there it says ""pay 22€ to get this car"". Well no♥♥♥♥♥♥its annoying. But everything else that is done to this game is done perfect! So i really recommend this game if you are a car enthusiast and you are trying to find a open world freedrive car game... If you are like me then buy it when a steam sale is on!"
,Not Recommended,241560,26010774,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,vicEPresi,liked the beginningthen it just became really boringi usually play fps games so it might just not be my genre though...
,Not Recommended,241560,25680437,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,skye91,not been able to play this game since i brought it back in march of this year :(
76561198088041354,Not Recommended,241560,34466935,Posted: 24 August,all,Ding,no proper steering wheel support
,Recommended,241560,33506367,Posted: 13 July,all,Digital Realm,Best racing game for just having fun in 11/10Cant wait for The-Crew2!!!
,Not Recommended,241560,20616267,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,kvas,"Did i pay for this game? why i need to pay again? I want to drift, but why i need paying more?"
76561198103687819,Not Recommended,241560,20650300,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Senpai,i brought the game when it was still new and it was around 80$ i buy and start playing it to find it was just a trial version
,Recommended,241560,30266162,Posted: 1 March,all,ItzEpic,Ya I love this game but there are some flaws I was in a race that would take and 1 hour like 20 min to finsh i had 10 mins there from the finsh and my internet dropped so i did not earn the 178k witch im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but the game is great
,Not Recommended,241560,20684549,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,HHYDRAA,Wow ubisoft.... you never learn
,Not Recommended,241560,20623205,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Soldierdude,"It just doesn't appeal to me. I had several problems starting with installing inshelper.exe, which wouldn't install. Finally after I got that out of the way, I had to restart my damn PC because Steam was saying the game was running when it even wasn't. After that I noticed something that didn't make sence at all. I have a 960M graphics card for my laptop, while I have a 760 in my desktop. Frame rate wise, the game ran better on my laptop than on my desktop. I even changed the settings and the game was still giving me 30 FPS on my desktop. It's also just boring to me and I don't really like Ubisoft, or UbSHIT as people say. They let me down with Watch_Dogs and this game. Screw you guys. Terrible excuse for a game company.I requested a refund for both the game and a DLC I bought.gg UbiSHIT0/10"
76561198217720357,Recommended,241560,19296786,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ASAP_NICK69,"for some reason it says ""your free trial is over"" but I bought the game !!!!!!!!!!!!!! idkl im waiting for the steam people to go back to work so that i can call them can anyone let me know if they have had this problem and how to solve it> thanks"
,Recommended,241560,20172990,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CâineleCrocodil,I like  its cool
76561198263129836,Recommended,241560,20987806,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,baileyharperadams,"I love the crew!!! The driving is a bit off-I feel like there is some lag when turning, which results in over correcting and fishtailing down the road, but the game is still very fun. If it doesnt have one already, It oculd use a Koenigsegg One:18/10!!"
,Recommended,241560,23642768,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,TheKingzy,"This game is so fun!  I got this game back when it first came out and completed the story in about a week or two.  After that I had a lot of money to play with.  Me being a bike lover I bought three bikes to have fun with in the vast open world. I used the H2 the most because of it's speed and my suprisingly great ability to wheelie it like a real life pro.  I feel that they should add a stunt spec for bikes in order for people to do cool wheelie tricks and all that!  I can do slow wheelies, scrapes if I try real hard, circles, and super high speed wheelies.  Although it would be a lot cooler to be able to do standups, high chairs, and all the crazy stuff people do in real life.  Over all I give this game an 11/10 for it filling my motorcycle thrill when I can't ride!"
,Recommended,241560,23923721,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cozmin,"Great game, with full controller support, I enjoy the graphics, the gameplay and the world.Looking forward to buy all the DLCs, it's all worth it, don't worry."
76561198073218194,Not Recommended,241560,33493093,Posted: 12 July,all,mrbubbles2012,buggy very very buggy....i am very interested to see how the crew 2 is going to do seeing as how they havent been able to fix all the bugs and glitches and random crashes from the first one so obviously instead of fixing those problems and actually allowing people to enjoy the game they payed for lets instead ditch the old game and make a shiny new game with all the same problems but more stuff that you have to buy in the dlc's of course!i do not recommend this game and i dont recommend buying the new one when it comes out next year either!!
76561198142856857,Not Recommended,241560,34074493,Posted: 6 August,all,R',"I do like this game very much.However,this game crashes a lot. Sometimes out of the blue it kicks me out stating server unavailability, then I restart the game and it's fine. Sometimes after completing the mission it will get stuck on a loading black screen. Sometimes after skipping the intro to a mission it will take minutes before starting it. The first 2 issues will unvalidate any mision progress I made. Its some minor issues but I'm writing a review, which i rarely do, because they're annoying af. I've only been playinh for 4 hours at the time of this review and it The thing that bothers me the most is that this game had quite the time for the developers to fix this.Still, its a great game and I've enjoyed the parts where I'm not restarting the game. I cant refund since its already been more than 2 hours :( So I'll keep playing i guess..."
,Recommended,241560,18299963,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,BUKAN JOJO-sama,:D
76561198174810294,Recommended,241560,19107815,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,MUDSLINGER52,bought full version still have trial version this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,241560,20162126,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,GetOnMyLovell,I like this game and the open world racing. However if u get the season pass u dont get the best dlc: Wild Run
76561198119538924,Recommended,241560,21095007,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Grandsusmaster,This game has the best sorty mode you will ever play in your life but when you beat the game you have no way of restarting the game then the game gets boring and you fall a sleep hoping for the crew 2 to come out and die wishing you can restart the game its 2016 people get IN THE GAME
76561198021898362,Recommended,241560,21426481,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Saint,"The Crew is a great open world racing game. A few hidden cars to find, a lot of challenges you can do with friends or solo, a big variety of cars with some extra cars that can be bought with real money. But people wanted more, but the delivery of the product was sloppy and patches later things were slightly better for most, But still...The long waited expansion came, and it really spoiled the experience for the owners of ""The Crew"" ,as the expansion wasnt fitted in the system, many problems came. Now, if you want to fully enjoy the game, you will be encountering that DLC wall, because you need that DLC for the few things that have been added for a game barely populated.I recommend this game because between all those open world  racing games that have been closed, there isnt much left.So the Crew is a nice arcade experience, just dont aspect a simulator."
76561198276082159,Recommended,241560,23291994,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DR.BAMBI-1,good
76561198143518656,Recommended,241560,23678170,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ThatOneGuyFromUp,Fun even just to free roam and explore the map
76561198023680169,Recommended,241560,23690291,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,xSebast,"Very nice MMO for racing, huge map, nice variety of cars. What to do after you reach max level falls a bit short but overall the game is fun an awesome graphics."
,Recommended,241560,24818274,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,rodyekkeBOSS(BOSS),i have Crash Issue whit the game can same one help me plss
76561198001191087,Recommended,241560,25402687,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Jagged,"I love this game.I hate the soundtrack, though.So I muted it."
76561198163828715,Not Recommended,241560,26200097,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,mr_sharpie,i know its kinda late after the game came out but when ever i lanch the game it lanches the demo which i had already finished with. But i had already bought it on steam and now i have the product code but no place to put it because after the demo all it gives you to do is to quit the game.
76561198001418172,Not Recommended,241560,26210243,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kosemartin,">9/10 Freeride & exploration>some annoying story-stuff>random stuttering (even though running constantly at 60fps)>microtransactionsATM the server's broken and the game won't play. (26.10.2016)(A server error prevent your Favorites to appear. Please restart the game. For more information. go towww.support.ubi.com. Do not forget to note carefully this error code: #3_7f0fbc84_124.)Could've been great, but unfortunately I cannot recommend this unless you enjoy freeriding and have a lot patience for bugs and other weird stuff.Edit: Lost all my cars & bikes in a server rollback of some kind today (29.10.2016), but didn't get my ingame money back. Rip in pieces."
,Recommended,241560,30116614,Posted: 23 February,all,[TAW] Zekee™,Really good racing game and freeroam game!
,Recommended,241560,33346739,Posted: 7 July,all,Kapten EMKiLL,eZ
76561198007775585,Recommended,241560,19315478,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,KnightLion,So the game keeps asking to activate but when you enter the CD key it says already activated to your account
76561198306324582,Recommended,241560,24834959,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,jeffke16,help where do need to enter the steam cd keys??
,Recommended,241560,26237152,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,moontraveler12,"I like this game. It's very ambitious, and even though a lot of people don't like it, I do. I just like the idea of an open world racer. Forza Horizon might be better, but this game isn't bad. It's not the best game ever, but it deserves credit where it's due."
76561198087540550,Not Recommended,241560,33354929,Posted: 7 July,all,drdjcruz,bought this game today and it dosnt work tried installing again still not working i have followed many ways of trying to get it to work .... If you buy agame you exspect it to work straight away not to mess around with it NOT F--KING HAPPY UPLAY ........... WATCH DOGs was the same had to mess with that too .......... IF UPLAY cant sort it then i want a refund ........
76561198076008557,Not Recommended,241560,33360164,Posted: 7 July,all,SmudgyAmoeba,"The game is pretty good.The story is alright, but cliche.The cars are fun.The races are interesting.The map is absolutely huge and filled with sights to see.However, there is no way what-so-ever to start a new game.You are stuck with your one save file, even if you beat the story.Ruins an otherwise awesome game."
76561198229585296,Recommended,241560,18969749,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,♥ SkoogZ ♥ (Ye Qiu),i buy crew first then i purchased the other DLC the money got minus from my wallet but i cant play further please look at it or give back my money
76561198114248341,Recommended,241560,18978875,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Gui-RAM,"Ponto positivo 80%È realmente um bom jogo, os desenvolvedores deram bastante atenção a nível de detalhes,a física do jogo é sensacional, o modo campanha é realmente impressionante o quão grande é, assim como o mapa que é enorme.--------------------------------------Ponto negativo 15%Apesar do não haver muitos jogadores brasileiros na plataforma de pc, o online é muito bom, até mesmo jogando com gringos eu consigui jogar bem, claro que tem um pouco de ''lag'' mas nada que atrapalhe muito a sua gameplay.--------------------------------------Ponto neutro 5%O modo online poderia ser mais aproveitado na questão de facções e cooperativo, faltou algo que deixasse mais dinamico, algo que ajudasse os players a se comunicarem."
76561198271963305,Recommended,241560,24356952,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,deluxe_cobraz,How can i get the wild run its says i have it but i only have the crew not the crew wild run ???
76561198099282563,Recommended,241560,25046861,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,BicBoiSpyder,Can't add anything more than what the other positive reviews on here other than it's my favorite arcade style racing game. So much fun just to drive around with almost no restictions.
76561198154343892,Recommended,241560,25187822,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ManInBlack,if you love carsbuy this gameits fantasic:)
,Recommended,241560,26293261,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ItsBenB,I used to play it everyday and it was amazing but now it crashes randomly when i play. My pc meets all the requirements hopefully this is fixed
76561198027600566,Recommended,241560,22064563,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,RoBBiBoBBI,7/10
76561198167238758,Recommended,241560,23924399,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MEplayzGames,"Dont hate on the game just because of who made it, this is actually a great game. Its like need for speed but better. Plus the raid cars are awesome"
76561198081204625,Recommended,241560,24017385,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,✪T0ast,aasdasdasd
,Recommended,241560,25190851,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ludak,really good gam
76561198028515809,Recommended,241560,25199952,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ArchWorld,"It is not running.  It crashes every time I try to load it.  Screen goes black then it says The Crew has stopped working, close program."
76561198339992242,Recommended,241560,34992676,Posted: 16 September,all,Nustiunnume,A good game is a good game
,Recommended,241560,17517576,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Yozii,"Highly recommended, its an awesome game sick graphics and not much lag. Lovely to just free roam around and do side missions in the East Coast :3 Love the game and suggest every car loving gamer to buy c:"
,Recommended,241560,17804533,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Mehul_xP,burh amazing !
76561198092549231,Recommended,241560,19098128,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,✪ Stianleo,"This game has it all, but i recommend using a controller."
76561198037958452,Not Recommended,241560,19665469,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Lovelace,"I just bought the game, not it keeps saying my Free Trial is up. Wtf? A free Trial for 30$? Where's the logic?"
76561198143854768,Recommended,241560,14135573,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,FluffyTheSamurai,"GET THE GAME WHEN ITS ON SALE. Great game and all, but dont let the videos fool you, you dont have that much freedom to customizing."
76561197991598380,Recommended,241560,14151039,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,GamerGawd,Meh
,Recommended,241560,14133943,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,𝓢𝓱𝓪𝓭𝔂,Very nice driving game (Y)
,Not Recommended,241560,17080444,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Echozs-151,"There are many good racing games out there, but this ain't one of them.."
76561198175674247,Not Recommended,241560,14152517,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,1987kzsolt,A massive let down. The most untalented producers never again I will by any game from the same studio. Physics are super unrealistic and just simply rubbish. Shame on Ubisoft to let this game to be realeased.
76561198086750604,Not Recommended,241560,14152762,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ÜBERNAUT,♥♥♥♥♥racing game no physics no fun and ♥♥♥♥♥ay grahpics not worth your time for how much it costs this is a 15$ game at best.
76561198127943122,Not Recommended,241560,17178263,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,tomi,We were going a race 100minutes we finished it then my game crashed cause of any error of network please fix it and give me my money ...
76561198082799026,Recommended,241560,30740107,Posted: 25 March,all,Tyler_Sparks,Do u get super bored?? Then buy this game the map is the whole united states and i havent even raced in it yet. Its pretty fun
76561198141545066,Recommended,241560,13736093,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tobli Tj75,10/10 Would buy again
,Not Recommended,241560,15075299,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,lowrez,"I dislike it for one simple fact. It won't run on my system. No matter what settings I choose I can't get good FPS out of this game. Thats pretty pathetic seeing as I can play Project Cars, GRiD Autosport, DiRT 3, GTA IV, and Assetto Corsa with no problmes. Really!? Work on your rendering engine guys this is pathetic!!!"
76561197981179061,Recommended,241560,16991300,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,dmytro777,"This game is awesome! In fact, it should be called Test Drive Unlimited 3. You loved TDU2. The Crew is better in every aspect of the game. Graphics is stunning if you have a topperforming graphics card. Stricrly recommended. Period."
,Recommended,241560,14596344,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,☠ Dignity ☠ [⇄],The Crew is unlike any other car game i've played when you play The Crew it is open world and full of exciting and crazy police chases that my last for fifteen minutes this game was an unforgettable experience for me.I prefer this game for multiplayer as singleplayer is not as fun as multiplayer#NeverDriveAlone
76561198019728947,Recommended,241560,14167153,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Canadian,great game its like playing Grid and Dirt in one game with the bigest world iv ever seen in a racing game good story fun to play
76561198131879198,Recommended,241560,14168592,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Denerino,"Overall a GREAT game! This game I personally like, some reviews would disagree however. This game is not a realistic racing game, the graphics are great however it is more an arcade racing game than real life but I love this! Reminds me of the ps2 midnightclub games.I would recomend this game to somebody who likes car games that have a arcade style driving-update-Completed the main story and yes it has many plot holes, and its definetly not driving simulator 2015, but it was an enjoyable game and i would still continue to play."
76561197971729004,Recommended,241560,14168640,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Mad Solar,This was the first racing game i played since the first Gran Turismo and i thought it was a good one. The graphic of the landscape and the vehicels look awesome. The vehicels handling was good to. It all so had a nice little story to go with it. Theres a lot of bad review here but people expect so much from games these day and give no credit to the developers. People ♥♥♥♥♥ about the game like there developing games that are so much better.
76561198052958301,Not Recommended,241560,19941614,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,GotMilk?,\jb\
,Not Recommended,241560,15114486,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Salsicha,nao vale uma bosta nao da para jogar multi-player
,Recommended,241560,13622043,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MadReizka,"UPDATE:The following review is still right, but the net code/servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥these days.I liked this game. After the fubar of Watch_Dogs I were really fearing Ubisoft is going to pull another trick on us. But all in all this was OK.PROs:- It is fun to customize cars- The game world is quite big and making the coast to coast ride for the first time is really cool.- Alot of variation in terrain and cities. Alot of detail in the big cities.- Some of the missions are quite fun, others not so much.- Overall visuals are quite good, the cars look awesome- Arcade handling is ok but...CONs:- ...arcade handling can screw you up sometimes- You should have friends to play this with- The netcode seems to lag- Missions should have more variation- The skill missions are annoying when you just wanna freeroam in the worldAll in all, I liked this game. It has some issues sure, but you should give it a try, specially when it hits a sale.I do not play racing or car games in general. Last car game I liked was Dirt2 and here is another one I really enjoyed."
,Recommended,241560,13204944,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mattloki,"Best hoverboat simulator ever. 10/10In all reality, they seemed to have made the cars worse, or I just chose the wrong starter.EDIT: Not only did I choose the wrong starter, I was utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at driving (except RAID spec, which really is just floatboat city)Now I am having fun, though it seems performance is usless when compared to circuit, which im trying to figure out why its thereFor instance: it says circuit is not streat legal, but they didnt make it so circuit cars get spoted and chased by police? that would've helped split performance from circuit, atleast if just a little.Is it a fun game: YESIs it worth $60: ehhhhhhhh, only when its complete."
76561198093367237,Recommended,241560,17117252,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Kells,graphics aint good enuf not even jking running this♥♥♥♥♥♥at ultra settings
76561197999187650,Not Recommended,241560,13859706,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Zul is a good boy,"This game has a lot of good ideas about an open world racing MMO RPG (deep breaths) unfortunately not really executed well. Taking into consideration that this is an MMO, getting into a multiplayer game kinda doesn't work.I've spent a lot of the time waiting for a match just for the game to tell me that no one is in the lobby, even though there clearly is, the same is true for Co-op. When you do end up in a Co-op match, you'll find out that the races were't even designed for Co-op.The races themselves were boring with most of them consisiting of street races that are made up of mostly wide streets and right angle corners. The races do get get a bit more exciting out of the outskirts though. You race along mountain roads and offroad tracks that bring a bit of excitment to the racing. The handling model does help factor into fun and although its not Forza Horizon type handling, its still quite fun. All that and you can take in the scenery that usually an open world game can give you.Speaking of open world, The Crew really is quite big. However, you don't really notice its largeness. You'd spend most of your time in Cities since thats where all the races happen. The cities really feel quite small as its very easy to find yourself at the outskirts by just driving about. You'd only notice the size when you are travelling to another city. Long monotonous roads cluttered by non interesting scenery and what seems like repeating landscapes (some trees- farm and repeat) for most of your journeys. No matter how fun the handling is, cross country trips are quite boring. Thankfully, mostly all of the terrain in the game are drivable so you can cut across the country if you feel that it brings some variety.One of the biggest flaws of the game though is the graphics. It looks like an old game remade for IOS then remastered in HD for PC. If you don't run an NVidia GPU there would be some occassional lag and stutters if you run it at ultra with some Nvidia features that somehow only Nvidia GPUs can run ( although it is more forgiving than the Intel only Global Illumination features on Grid 2 and Autosport).My conclusion, if you are excited for a open world racing game on the PC then you can give this a try but you won't really enjoy this for long. Other than that The Crew doesn't really offer anything much for a racing fan."
,Not Recommended,241560,13843053,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,NomNompolice,A nice hot steaming pile of dissapointing♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,241560,13705125,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BROCKHAMPTON (goat),"i was looking forward to this game and after playing it a can i say that it is disapointing. some of its main selling points are just not up to par. the map is huge but most of it is empty and the few citys that they added are bland. not a lot of cars. its a mmo but i never can seem to find anyone. play this with a friend and got bored fast as there is nothing to do in this game, its a racing game but the pvp is just who has the fastest car and pve is pointless as its just a bunch of ruberbanding. ubisoft is just 1 step forward 8 steps backwards. dont waste your money on this because if your looking for a racing game the racing in this game is just frustrating and if your looking for a driving game the driving is so clunky and the map it self is so boring."
,Not Recommended,241560,13705828,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,downk4st,"I want to like this game, but constant lag and coop errors that result in frequent disconnects having to re-do the entire mission really get to me. Hopefully they fix the issues for this DLC to death game because it really has potential."
,Not Recommended,241560,14180022,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sunder,Nope. It doesn't even deserve a review.
76561198023918358,Not Recommended,241560,13245161,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,COOKIE MONSTER,virðist bara vera en eitt ubisoft dæmi upp ekki tilbúinn leik í útgáfu
76561198054110730,Not Recommended,241560,13247937,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ambitropin,"pretty interesting game, but calling it an mmo is a joke, you drive alone the majority of the time to see people for a couple seconds before they change instance's right in front of you. and the error, cannot join crew is kind of a joke lol... and i dont think it helped that they led people on with the ""Crew"" idea.... a crew is a party of 4 nothing else lol"
76561198071619672,Not Recommended,241560,13248286,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,naokishimazu7,Bad graphicsBad car handling and phisycsRidiculos missionsDon't waste yor money  !
,Not Recommended,241560,13268463,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,TheMightyM,"The driving itself can be fun, the racing is not fun at all.The 'story'  they have tried to integrate into this game is pointless. Why is there even a story in a racing game?The online stuf really doesn't do all that much.Driving across the United States is kind of fun, but that's kinda it."
,Not Recommended,241560,13274955,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tacowolf,Ahahaha. Paid $80 for the awful original game and now they want another $25 for DLC that should have been included? Never buying from Ubisoft or Ivory Tower again. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself.
76561198041947121,Not Recommended,241560,13486489,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ballantine,"This is literally the only game I've ever played that I sincerely want my money back for, it was the biggest waste of time I've ever had the pleasure of partaking in, and I was never even able to get past the first mission. The police and AI system is total garbage, the FPS was horendous at best, graphics were alright, as well as detail, the controls were not even ideal, everything seemed to never really leave you with any hint that you were actually driving and more the environment throwing you around while you desperately tried to make it to the next checkpoint in the pitiful amount of time they gave you. I wasn't able to experience anything past the extreme wall of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that they forced upon me with this game, the codes I was given for Gold (I can't believe I wasted this much money on this) only worked when I tried the codes about several times. Normally, I really really love racing games, especially open world driving games, but this was by far the worst experience I've ever had with the genre, it makes sense that it was Ubisoft's doing. One of, if not the worst most anticipated game of 2014 in my opinion, would never buy this for any amount of money. 3/10 and I still feel like I'm being pitiful, but I still love the look of it, but only just."
,Not Recommended,241560,13726436,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ninja Pirate,"Whoever regulated the difficulty of the story missions needs to be fired. The first few missions of the game are ridiculously hard for being the first missions. The learning curve is extremely steep, only for you to be dropped off into missions that are extremely easy compared to them. The difficulty continues this pattern for, what I can assume, the entire game. Not to mention the ridiculously annoying missions where you have to take down another car. Some are extremely easy and are done in like a minute, others you have to play at least 5 times just to memorize where the car is going so you can ram into them, and that's if you actually manage to hit them. The slow down and speed up at the weirdest times and hard to intersect them.The game is nice enough to give you a break every few minutes by crashing so you have to restart the game.New record: Crash after 5 minutesCollision is really wierd on things that aren't the terrain like rocks and ramps and stuff.For how not an MMO this game is, it did manage to get the grinding aspect of it down by having you do the same skill mission over and over until you can get the highest level part.Driving around the overworld has it's charms, and I like that the lighting is more realistic than most, i.e. no fancy filters and stuff. I managed to get to level 50 without having to get too far into the main story, which is nice, and I'm sure playing with friends is a lot of fun, but in the end it's not worth breaking your keyboard or controller or whatevery you're using, in rage and the ridiculously difficult levels."
76561198029948388,Not Recommended,241560,13274121,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,najaschat,I am not able to join a Crew since release. Did all the Port/Firewall tips no use.This game is a desaster as a mmo better not buy it.
,Not Recommended,241560,13277237,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,sexyahrimid3814,"Garbage Garbage this is so bad.  the fysics in the game are crap i bounce off of everything i touch, i for some reason just spin out of control for no reason and it feels supper restricting i cant drift or do sharp turns at slow or top speed, and it makes u need to play with other players to get better faster or u pay money to do so. such a waist of money i want my money back."
76561198032481989,Not Recommended,241560,13286471,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Haakon,"Honestly... I was thrilled to play this game. I saw all the trailers, played through the Beta this september, and followed every single move that Ivory Towers had made to the game. A game that I was really exited to play, due to hype and potentiallty being one of the best racing games through the years. Although, upon playing, one thing had been a real annoyence. Parts for cars were non-purchaseable, and cars at the seller were hard to save up to, unless you bought points ingame for real money. The cars were the biggest disappointment. No japanese cars, only cars from within the timespan of 10-15 years of time. No everyday cars, that you could tune the heck out of. The handling is also TERRIBLE compared to a game like Forza or Gran Turismo. It feels too arcady, and there is almost no difference in handling when driving a ferrari, or a 1969 Mustang. Players are also a RARE site to be seen. I usually try to scout some out, so I can interact with them, but it requires luck...TL;DR:Pro:Open WorldSlightly better car customizationDifferent terrains to drive inCon:No players to interact with (is this the ways of an MMO game Ubisoft?)Little to-no realism feeling when driving carsLimited car selectionPerformance parts cannot be bought from the car tuner, only aesthetic partsPolice cars can outrun a Lambo at 388 Km/tPolice cars have infinate massMission chases are usually hard, due to the fact that bots always have infinate boosts.This is my review of the game... Hope I didn't press the wrong buttons to♥♥♥♥♥♥off fan boys"
76561197974966135,Not Recommended,241560,13335092,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Shinso,realy tried to like it but...1)the opponents are not following any of the normal physics rules and they seem to turn on a dime even when driving a muscle car.2) Police is massivly overpowered and can crash you off the road without contest. And if you try to defend against them its like crashing into a brick wall.3) nitpicking but they didn't even get all the car sounds correct.The only thing I realy like in this game is doing road trips.
,Not Recommended,241560,14233514,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Noremac258,"This game is a pile of trash. Terrible frame rates on an overclocked 780, worse physics than Test Drive Unlimited 2, and a map that's quite bland. If you're looking for an open world racer TDU2 is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,241560,14235718,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,BigChewna,"Do not waste your time in downloading this game if you enjoy driving games.I have been seriously disappointed since the first few moments of playing this game.I have MAYBE 2 hours in it.Horrible arcade play.Driving dynamics are anything BUT dynamic.the co-op is laggy and poorly made.I WISH I did not waste my money on this game,as it is completly horrible.DO NOT GET THIS GAME.I'm serious."
,Not Recommended,241560,13376128,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,エノシマジュンコ,Might change my recommendation later. Main flaws are already noted by other people.But unfortunately I've only played the game for an hour. Even bought the season pass after the first half hour.I'd love to play more of it. But... the game has to be connected to the servers if you want to play.. And the servers seem to be... in suboptimal condition...By that I mean their servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥servers = never connected = never play. Ty Ubisoft.
76561198052273528,Not Recommended,241560,13746155,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BreakTheSkies,"I'm not going to bother spending the time to write an official or an elequently worded review here.  I am just going to tell you why to avoid this game.It is a pay to win game.I preordered the $99 Gold Edition and the $29.99 on the Season Pass.Now, I ""have"" to pay for more stuff to remain a competitor?  Are you serious?  I just spent that much on a game and now there are others who can just throw more money at the greedy devs to compete?This is a joke.  Don't waste your time.If the devs wanted to use this model, the game should have followed the ""freemium"" model.  This is just a pathetic ploy for money."
,Recommended,241560,16292170,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,I didnt know she was 7,It's the most amazing game in the world!
,Not Recommended,241560,16287260,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Kal-El,This game gets kind of boring and repetitive and has some major issues with the A.IEven Need For speed is better.
,Not Recommended,241560,18077448,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,JustAnotherNoob,The game is fun but alot of bugs.
76561198047750035,Not Recommended,241560,17702493,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,3Pec,the crew more like the poo
76561198169427091,Not Recommended,241560,17951687,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Черепашки ниндзя,wtf buy now full games ???
,Not Recommended,241560,18013717,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,What could it bee,WHY! is the key bindings for xbox 360 controler for shifting up and down locked after the patch !????
,Not Recommended,241560,17819886,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Uploz,"This game was a complete waste of time and money. The story is uninteresting and has countless plot holes in it, and none of the characters are detailed or interesting. The so called next gen graphics pretty much only looked nice on the vehicle you are driving. I ran the game on a 4 GB AMD R9 290X, yet the game still stuttered and looked ugly. To top it off, the game is in forced constant multiplayer mode, which means that you can not run the game offline, which would be fine except for the fact that the servers are ridiculously slow, and that there is next to nothing you can do with other players. 4/10."
,Not Recommended,241560,17085026,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Nova,A lot of fun... when it works!!!!Half the time I do PvP Races i get left behind by over 500 to 1000 meters!!!! and this is before the race starts!!! needs to be fixed.... cant have a fair race when the other participants get a huge head start!!!!
,Not Recommended,241560,17321041,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,gold magikarp best magikarp,Season Pass doesn't include Wild Run5/10
76561197995666687,Not Recommended,241560,17253775,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,magnum42_DEN,"do not bay this game!!! only if it cost (5.Euro) . it,s not a Racer simolator, just show you now    6/10"
,Not Recommended,241560,17258615,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,VENOMWEHBS,"Racing games are ot my type, oh and if you don't have a controller don't even think about buying the game. There are a few bugs as well so 4.5/10"
,Not Recommended,241560,17208301,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Simba,Horrible game! I never expected it to actually be that Bad.
,Not Recommended,241560,17236625,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,HunterSmasmus,It's a ♥♥♥♥ing great game but with a ♥♥♥♥ing issue that after the races you get disconnected all the time! PLEASE ♥♥♥♥ING FIX THIS IT HAS BEEN THERE SINCE THIS GAME GOT RELEASED BUT ITS STILL THERE!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198142496278,Not Recommended,241560,17241198,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,bartosz64,♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Not Recommended,241560,17203317,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Das Manifest,"Never drive alone? More like forever drive alone... Did everything (unlocking ports etc.) still can't join my friends. Very disappointing...Also they raised the minumum system requirements twice, resulting in me beeing unable to play. After getting a new graphics card it worked for a while, but now I would have to get a new CPU and motherboard, which I'm totally not going to to."
76561198047163925,Not Recommended,241560,17451334,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,bce59,so i only play the game for few hours but this game is very good but the handling is horrible i have been playing with the settings but still can not play this game without spinning out of control and trying to move just a little to the left or right is not good either u hit the car or u run into the other car when u r trying to go by them
,Not Recommended,241560,17115320,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Finraziel,"I have not played this game for very long yet, but I wanted to type in a quick review anyway because the game is on sale now. Simply put, I'm loving this game so far. It feels to me a lot like the original 2005 NFS Most Wanted and considering that was my favorite racing game ever, that's a very good thing if you ask me. It's not quite as heavy on the police chases as that game, for one, police doesn't seem to care much how fast you go, just if you crash into things. And for another, so far I've been able to pull to my top speed and they can't keep up. I've seen others complain that regular patrol cars could keep up with their supercars, but my Mustang had no issues... Maybe it gets harder later in the game, maybe those that complain simply can't drive, I don't know yet but so far I see no problem.The game is also very big, with different types of country and lots of recognisable landmarks. I spent 2 to 3 hours driving from Detroit to Seattle, LA, then Miami (so about 3/4 around the USA). In Most wanted I used to run a race that went around the entire game area that took I believe 20 or 30 minutes.Another thing that I think is absolutely awesome is the support for my G27 steering wheel. The game recognises the wheel on its own and all the buttons it tells you to press make sense (although it took me a little while to realise that it used the shape of the buttons to indicate which ones it meant). The force feedback is decent, but gets a lot better with some tweaking (google for the xml file you can make). The game also fully supports the clutch and H shifter. I left it on autoclutch myself because I found that when I use the clutch myself I tend to get too wild at times and my wheelstand pro will not stay in its place (has nothing to do with the game), but I really love using the H shifter.All in all, to anyone who's looking for a fun arcade racer that still has enough sim-like qualities to enjoy it with a wheel (unlike all recent NFS games), especially if like me you keep hoping that EA will steer the NFS series back to how it played in the NFSU2/MW/C era, I can definitely recommend giving this game a try. And you can download the demo first if you want, it's completely identical to the game, it just limits you to trying it for two hours, so you can safely test it out :)update july 2016:Just felt I should update this... The game was really fun at first, but then, it just... fizzled out? It was cool to drive around the USA, but when I actually started doing more races, it just felt boring. I tried getting back into it and I'm just not even sure what to do. There is also NO way to restart your playthrough and Ubi defends this by saying you can replay all events... Yeah, NO! That doesn't help at all when you haven't played the game in a year and want to give it another go. It just drops you right into the middle of things having no clue anymore about what's going on. And with the individual races being so bland, well, I'm permanently abandoning this game and changing my recommendation."
76561198149931821,Not Recommended,241560,17141261,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,oKahwi,♥♥♥♥ing lorten spil
76561198120812904,Not Recommended,241560,17307660,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Ryadapp ツ,not really worth 60 bucks the physics in this game are awful and the cop chases are not really chases since it takes about 10 seconds to just speed off away from them and there is no point in trying to take out the cop cars because the are pretty much tanks that are uneffected by smashing into them at 200 miles an hour..... and then there is uplay which is annoying af
76561198007098786,Not Recommended,241560,13984201,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Rakkasan Raider,"I enjoyed playing this game when I got it. I don't even like racing games, but this one is fun...if you can play it. Since the 1st update I haven't been able to access a portion of the file b/c it is detected as a virus. As such, I played the game for less than a month and liked it. For over a month, I haven't been able to play it and it causes memory problems for games stored near it. I had to uninstall"
,Not Recommended,241560,21915378,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,DavyYW,"This game on-road gameplay isn't bad if you don't count the stupidly placed npc's.The off-road is just awful, it's even worse than the off-road in gtaV. You should expect that a special modified vehicle would be able to handle little bumps and rocks. Not the case.The off-road missions and skills are terribly frustrating en make sure the game gets an overall negative score.If you are going to make off-road a core element of your game, make sure it's at least doable.The skills part of this game feels like a frustrating version of the Trials games, were you have to try over and over and over and over again to get a decent score.Long story short:Lots of dumb placed NPC's, bumps, rocks, and way too difficult skill missions. Wich is bad, real bad.Sorry for the hateful review, but this needed to be saidI can't be the only one out there who experienced this.I played the game a lot because i thought i was inexperienced, but now with a playtime of over 10 hours, i started to see it different.Sorry Ubisoft but i won't be buying the wild run update.Just doesn't seem worth it after all this."
,Not Recommended,241560,21824691,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Red @ AlphaConsole,"First off.. Do your research. If you don't, don't even bother buying the base ""The Crew"".When you buy just that, you get a trial of the game - in which I wasn't aware of because it wasn't on the main page. Thanks, Ubisoft..Second off, if you're gonna buy the game, stick with the $60 full version with all the DLC, or just simply buy ""The Crew Wild Run Edition""."
,Not Recommended,241560,21825305,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Durum,"If you like grinding and bad matchmaking, buy this game :)Waste of time"
,Not Recommended,241560,21855341,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,RegattaLaureus,"Such a waste of money. The gameplay is quite ok but unfortunately, several issues always come up and as for now, after the latest update, I am officially unable to launch the game at all, well done uPlay. I have no idea what you guys are doing but seriously, I regret and kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because of the problems I have encountered so far. I would definitely ask for refund should my playing time is still low enough to be eligible, but unfortunately it's not, so I'd recommend others to stay away from buying this game, save your money instead and buy something else if you are looking for fun, not madness."
76561198148796158,Not Recommended,241560,24066475,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CB&J,The game isnt working.but i like the game
76561198206609305,Not Recommended,241560,23944154,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Genesis,"Really a bad games, i thought everyone thumbs down just a haters of this game but after i bought this game and play it...this is a really bad game so many bugs. Every game ubisoft i bought always have so many bugs and the worst case the even didnt do anything about it to fix it. About gameplay so boring and this game dont have a concept, when i play it i really confuse about the point of this game if i compare to Need for Speed its far more good than The Crew. Well my recommendation just dont buy this game. The upgrade and race really didnt i expected to be u can't buy parts for ur car, u cant sell any car u dont want it anymore, u only can have parts for upgrade when u unlocked it from race. They miss the fun about the race when u can buy or sell cars and u can buy parts for upgrade. About the bugs that really suck is a road bug there is a bug when u cross that line of road and u cant move the only thing u can do is press B is mean back to road...it means u will lose the race coz u will start ur car again. Ubisoft this is a really bad bad bad game."
,Not Recommended,241560,23945897,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ricks,"Well It Suck, I Save My Money For This Game, And When I Finaly Get It Just Stuck At Inshellper.exe And When I Try To Solve It It Says The Crew Has Stop Working Windows Is Searching For Solution, This Game Is Bullcrap"
76561198220204044,Not Recommended,241560,24409138,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Medicreaper,i just play it for a few days and after a few month i redownload it and try to play again but it end up saying my play time is over T.T
76561198028346327,Not Recommended,241560,25273361,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MagicMeth,"Best non-working game ever. Bought this to have fun with friends. (Rampaging Nvidia driver incoming) Nope ♥♥♥♥ you. We ♥♥♥♥ed up your game so now go and cry how you spent 50 ♥♥♥♥ing bucks on game so ♥♥♥♥ed up. I mean seriously, the support didnt even answer on their forums... Well G ♥♥♥♥ing G Ubisoft. You've tricked me for second time. Not buying anything from you. Ever."
76561198137072970,Not Recommended,241560,21898878,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,synackd,"I have to start out saying I actually loved this game, I still like it. It could have been the best game I ever played and I started with Pong on a black n white TV, so that's saying alot. This game has so much potential. But, it grew more noticable after a while that it's main purpose is just to annoy you, which is fine, as some games just have coder grief all over them. However - YOU HAVE LOST CONNECTION TO THE UPLAY SERVERS just killed this game for me. This was constant and every solution out there I tried to no avail, even went so far to get a VPN thinking it was my ISP. This usually happened on Faction missions. It took me 16 hours to finally complete a 1.5 hour mission. My wife asked why was I doing this and I laughed saying I just have to know how long it will take.The game itself is grief enough, it will annoy you, it's coded to do that. I could live with that but wished the devs would have put much more work into the game experience as they did in algorithms to cut off your angle or slow you down. You to lev 50 and get your platinum parts only to find out the car is worse and some handle better on stock parts even. But, that's all fine because I can still just Free drive all over the huge map.That lasted for a bit until even then - YOU HAVE LOST CONNECTION with an ambigous code # that will change on you at every re attempt to login. Solutions are always the same, disable firewall, AV, and all background apps which you can try but it didnt make any difference to me. Occam's Razor - PLEASE LOGOFF AND DON'T COME BACK.I paid a mere $15 for the base game and it was worth it. I was spammed from the start to but Wild Run and gave much thought into buying it just to see if my connnection issues would fare better. But the rebel in me says f that, I don't lke to be forced into anything and if I have to buy an exapansion just to play a game, then what does that say about customer appreciation for the initial purchase of the $15 game?Ubisoft, I love you for Shadowbane, always will. However, when a customer buys a game from you, gratitude for them making that purchase should come 1st before you grief them with ""this is what you could have"" in order to shell out more $$$ With that, I do thank you for the great times in The Crew, it's a great game and I loved it but you STILL have problems in the connection dpt that just adds headaches to an already challenging game. For this gamer, it just proved to be too much. Thank you."
76561198108800591,Not Recommended,241560,22769990,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Maghull,Best physics ever
,Not Recommended,241560,24727847,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sevych,"Итак, перед нами очередной свежий проект, запущенный амбициозной компанией Ubisoft. У нас есть огромная открытая карта, представляющая из себя всю (почти всю) Америку и огромное количество заданий для игрока в нём. Также присутствует широкий спектр выбора и тюнинга своего авто. Казалось бы, что ещё нужно для идеального авто-симулятора? НО! При всей внешней обаятельности этой игры, есть ряд причин, по которой играть в неё было, откровенно говоря, неинтересно, и вот почему:The Crew - это обрубок несостоявшихся идей. Открытый Мир данной игры наполнен либо сплошными раздражающими скриптами, либо не наполнен вообще ничем, кроме автомобилей, дорог и пустых зданий... Как основные, так и дополнительные задания представляют собой однотипные гонки и переезды из точки А в точку Б. Конечно, если вы любите автомобили и увлекаетесь тюнингом и их совершенствованием в целом, прокачка вам, скорее всего, не надоест и игра может вас неплохо затянуть. Но в остальном это просто очередной Симулятор Машинок, уже далеко не свежий в своём жанре и повторяющий почти всё, что мы когда-то видели в ""Need for Speed"", ""Driver"" и многих других представителях автомобильного жанра игр.Вывод: Я честно не могу порекомендовать игру никому, кроме заядлых автолюбителей. The Crew останется отнюдь не самым ярким моментом в истории существования компании Ubisoft.2.5/10._____________________________________________So, there is the new project realized by Ubisoft company. Here we got big Open World, visually produced by the whole (almost whole) United States and the huge amount of quests in there. Also we have a wide choice of autos and their tunings. Seems like the perfect ""Auto Simulator"" game, isn't it? BUT! Even if the game looks amazing at the first look, there are several reasons why this game is literaly boring. Now I explain why:The Crew is the small piece of failed bright ideas. The Open World is full of annoying scripts or just of cars, roads and empty buildings... Main and side quests gives you nothing but common races or driving from A to B. Of course, if you are a big fan of autos, you will most likely enjoy ridings and tunings, and the game will be enjoyable for you. Nevertheless, it's just another Car Simulator that includes game elements from ""Need for Speed"", ""Driver"", etc. We have seen it pretty much times before. The Crew is totally not the first of it's kind.Conclusion: You might enjoy it only if you are a huge fan of autos. Anyway, The Crew is not the glorious one of all Ubisoft projects.2.5/10."
76561198042762645,Not Recommended,241560,24645633,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Aetern,"The game is oversaturated with menu systems that detract from the main idea- to Drive.  Even with graphics settings maxed, the game feels lackluster and unappealing, appearing quite dated.  Blurry textures and lack of detail are prominent throughout the game.  The experience feels more like a p2w racer."
,Not Recommended,241560,25268093,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Dan Violet Sagmiller,"I was hoping for excellent graphics quality.  I was dissapointed.  I played The Crew: Coast to Coast, which did a great job, and had assumed this game would meet or surpass that.  Especially with the flashyness of their video commercial here on steam.  This feels reminiscent of PS1 video games.I was hoping for to get started.  It took me almost an hour, and I still wasn't ready.  I lost the first time, because I wasn't even sure where I was supposed to go.  I was trying to find bridges to get across the water and ran out of time.  After I found out you can drive through rivers...  But then a story ode starts, assuming to help you learn the game.  It says go do this 1 thing.  When you start driving, your map is covered with targets.  It took me another 25 minutes to figure out which target was the right one.  They really need to work on UI/UX.  I may use this in my game dev classes as an example of poor UI/UX.  I.e. they designed against the capabilities of the game, and not for the player.  Perhaps depending on the racing games you came from, this will make more sense.The racing itself kind of sucked.  It wasn't bad, but again, this was more like racing in a PS1 quality racing game.  Maybe I'm spoiled by Forza 6, but it feels like they could have done a better job.If you are willing to put a couple hours into learning what to do (not the driving part.  Driving is easy), I assume that game might be a lot of fun.  But as is, its like Minecraft.  the new user experience was an after thought, and I don't think this game has the pull value of MineCraft.  I got a refund.  I would recommend not makign the same mistake I did."
,Not Recommended,241560,21275636,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Vøđαии,"Well the game is awesome the people who run it aka Ubisoft sucks totally.The game I was enjoying it until I needed a dlc to do some part of the story went to buy it 2 weeks ago and I never got it.Ive bought several DLC's in steam (same place I bought the game) and never got them, went to the UBISOFT forums and made a Thread asking for help no reply from them so went to their customer service page and wrote a ticket polite one actually asking for help and explaining pretty much my problem and after 1 whole week im still waiting for reply.Its absolutely unacceptable from a company like Ubisoft to have this behaviour towards their clients.DONT BUY ANY GAME FROM THIS GUYS!"
76561197969066488,Recommended,241560,28480292,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Warlok,Should be called the crash. Avery 5 or tem minutes game crashes. Reasearched a bit and ther are many apps that The crew is incompatible with including propriety Gigabyte motherboard and Razor mouse software. i tried to remove SW and performance improved but still crashed. Sofware that runs my pc > a single game. Seriously No other game does this ?When the game played for 10 mins at a time it was pretty sweet !
,Not Recommended,241560,28269391,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,AaaTuuU,It's so unrealistic. The car lands allways perfectly and you can't spin car upside down. Not good
,Not Recommended,241560,24739448,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,belvis the bailien,25 pounds for a trial version of the game scam do not buy
76561198099082017,Not Recommended,241560,22026725,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,JChrome,"when you get through the main story theres not a whole lot you can do. if you bbuy the wildrun dlc which is more than the game in the first place, you dont really get allot of stuff because you have to buy monster trucks and bikes(with real money). over all its a waist to buy this unless you buy the complete edition which is $80. DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,241560,22045376,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,mlucasl,"The game is awesome, but it lacks of having multiple saves. or even a restart progress. I would like that so I could experience the game again (Now with a wheel controller). Also because I want wildrun in a fresh new career. And lastly, because I would like to show this game to my father and that he could experience it from the start."
76561198145273834,Not Recommended,241560,15943240,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,src2joha,This game is not worth the money paid. Recommended not buying
,Not Recommended,241560,13237215,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Cruncher,"Neat idea, poorly executed. Long, frequent, game-breaking lag spikes. Vehicles appearing and dissappearing from the roads. Enemies doing things in races that your cars simply are not capable of(almost as if they are governed by a different set of physics). The controls are also very frustrating. In an attempt to make drifting more accessible they've made it extremely easy to lose control of the vehicle. This could have been a great game, but given these problems it is not worth it's asking price."
76561198035999573,Not Recommended,241560,13267539,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Val,The Crew = PTW noob town.
,Not Recommended,241560,13267957,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Vortex (Hair Dryer),"One of the worst racing games ive ever enountered it is by far in the top three most dia♥♥♥♥ingbolical pieces of wank♥♥♥♥♥♥under the face of the sun and should only be recommended for mental torture or if you like dia♥♥♥♥ingbolical wank♥♥♥♥♥♥games please i beg of you to who ever will belive me it is absolutley in no way shape or form worth buying at full retail price of $75 its a ♥♥♥♥ing joke im so over the♥♥♥♥♥♥titles that Ubislop have pumped out this year excluding fc4 its worth about $15 and no more at ♥♥♥♥ing all btw i never swear but seriously this game pisses me off more than a mosquito in my room at night that keeps whining and i think id prefer as mozzie right now as thats just $60 (beta backer) i just♥♥♥♥♥♥out to some scummy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who is going to continually fall short of creating a game worth playing because UBI ceo's and mangers just want enough money to fill their greedy endless loose ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with a massive wad of cash to shove right up in there and make their prostates stimulated whilst they sit back and dream up their next big venture to make their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s fit even more cash up their♥♥♥♥♥to get even more stimultaion ♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics Test drive unlimited 2 was betterWAY WAY WAY WAY WAY WAY WAY WAY WAY WAY WAY........WAY hyped up just like watchdogs, ACU, ACR, and FC4 was also glicthy as ♥♥♥♥ FC3 was good what happened to making interesting characters or being able to put any weapon in any spot holder and please stop with the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ boring usless time wasting radio/control/regional unlocable towers that enable the region to be revealed or have extra missions and side quests its just so 2012 and its been done in like every game its just♥♥♥♥♥♥BORING and generic singleplayer campainthe mutiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥and i found 3 people in 17 hours of gameplay and you cant even race themthere is only 40 ♥♥♥♥ing cars but don't you worry your little wee ♥♥♥♥in booties because you will be able to buy DLC for $10 or more a pop at some wankarific cars for you too spunk all overUBISOFT i now speak to you directly stop making unplayable and 60% finished games or ♥♥♥♥ing shut downThe Crew is it worth a buy? N ♥♥♥♥ing O"
,Not Recommended,241560,13273790,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Youssef Karam,"I don't know why I found the game in the simulation section, anyway I wouldn't recommend it to simracers. Physics, well I don't know what to call them in this case, because the definition of physics aren't what Ubisoft used to develop the game. It is ultimately arcadey. The game's characteristic fit the NFS series. You could call it a follow-up to Need For Speed. It is still better than Need For Speed with the customization and the free roaming mode but by far not the best racing game. Assetto Corsa and Project CARS still stand on the podium for the best racing games in my opinion. The only thing I enjoyed in The Crew was the free roaming mode. I would add the large map too, even though TDU 2 had larger maps."
76561198113648287,Not Recommended,241560,13844113,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,carvinman31,Concerning the Alienware this dowmload sucks. It will not let me enter a key code and game constantly crashes when trying to load. I am sure I would like it if I could play it. For the Alienware it is diffucult and I still can not play the game. I give it 2 thumbs down.
76561198048085545,Not Recommended,241560,13876147,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,UrXUndeadXGod,I wouldn't recommend this game.  just another racer. cops are op for the most part. mulitplayer is laggy. can't customize cars as much as need for speed underground. I'd rather be playing that to be honest. and if it had multiplayer that'd be amazing.
76561198064737507,Not Recommended,241560,14355928,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ewok_Smiles,The rubber banding in this game is out of control. Driving a RUF 3400K completly spec'd out with top level parts... Get outrun by a F-ing bus. Take a hard pass on this one.
,Not Recommended,241560,14268273,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Broder_Pier,"Here's imo a fair introduction to the game:""Welcome to The Crew, the story is based of off The Fast and The Furious and every single street racing game in the history of mankind, so you easily can get into the game. To help people save money after the microtransactions and ridiculous price, we made your Force Feedback wheels useless, sell it and spend more money on Ubisoft instead! We have balanced our cars so well that your Ferrari can get beaten by a Mustang from the sixties! If you want to learn more about our fantastic game we recommend listening to the bribed professional reviewers and reading the positive reviews below. Bye, and thanks for your money!- Ubi$oft"""
,Recommended,241560,17109022,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,paillette,je kiff
,Not Recommended,241560,13246478,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,TinyTheT,"After 60Hours now, i think i cud say its a very interesting game, that I am going to play for a long time, it has a lot of potential and im curious about what the updates and incoming DLCs are going to offer.Just play and never drive alone.-----------------------------After 100Hours im thinkin totally different.....I liked the mission tho, playin it co-op, but the endgame-content was rubbish to me.--------------------------------thumbs down"
,Not Recommended,241560,13480748,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Neon Sears,I feel I should get my money back for this game.
76561198048016236,Not Recommended,241560,13515461,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Wubalabadubdubdubdubdubdubdubdub,There are times that I enjoy this game. Generally though I'm extrememly frustrated.Pros-Very pretty game and the cars look great-... sometimes I have funCons-unresponsive steering-unrealistic ai in the races (beating you the whole race and suddenly they slow down and you win)-sometimes you'll hit an object that isn't there and your car goes flying-very limited amount of cars-toss a coin to see if the uplay servers are up-there is next to no interaction between players-pay to win10/10 would throw my money into a fire again
76561198128339309,Not Recommended,241560,13917929,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Ways71,"i have this game, and it looks very awesome it clearly is awesome, but for some ocmputers CPU can be a problem. Like mine. Ubisoft, it would be a pleasure if you would let us play the game without having the uplay application up while playing the game. it goes slow and i cant get by mission 1. When i went to task manager and ended the uplay task, the CPU went down to 60% which is very stable for a game to be in (No applications running) but i went back to the crew application and it said it had to restart. The way a game is meant to be played is with no applications running at the same time to get the fullest speed. Ubisoft, Think about the CPU your spamming us with."
76561198050834365,Recommended,241560,16014894,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,FishDoe,Love this game
76561198135880357,Not Recommended,241560,20439373,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,PROSNIPES,it has been installing inshelper for the last 3 hoursi also thought i was finally playing the game but for some reason it dident load the game it loadded the demo and i was far into the game it is a grate game but i havent played the real game yet ;( and i love the game its amazing and one of my new fav game if i could play it i probs would like it more
76561198055971332,Not Recommended,241560,20334410,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,LoRezSkyline,"The Crew should be great, it's not because the game designers were complete morons.  What could no one think of missions more exciting than run over 80 boxes?  or the legendary run over 80 boxes part 2?  Apparently to be a crime boss in America you dont need guns or drugs you just need to win a series of street races against drivers so slow they should be driving Miss Daisy.  Multiplayer is unbalanced so you can be chucked in with any skill level, game type is chosen at random with each player chosing a game type and the computer then selecting one at random so you have no real control over what type of game.  Which is unfortunate when you really want to race your new sports car but you get stuck in permanent games of king or one of the other game types.Customisation of cars is good and fun, multiplayer when you have a group of you who all know each other and can race clean is fun, collecting cars is fun there are some other neat ideas.  Shame the main game is so hoplessly broken by poor execution.The PC is badly in need of a middle ground driving game Asseto Corsa is good but not very user friendly, they badly need to port Forza accross to PC.Its an ok game I enjoyed it to a point but now its back at full price I cant recommend it, buy for £12 and under you'll have a fun few hours in The Crew but all to soon it's limitations become apparent.  Fun...for a while 2/5"
,Not Recommended,241560,20392503,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Zerodyme,Online only DRM for what could be a nice singleplayer game. Ubisoft and UPlay are at it again.
,Not Recommended,241560,20341850,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Cas,Crashes on startup after every attempt.  Only recouse that I've found would be to disable all background programs on my computer (not going to happen just to play a game I paid for) or install Windows 7 SP1 with a random KB update that this game apparently hinges on.... Too bad I'm running Windows 10.  0/10. Lame Duck.
76561198021402854,Not Recommended,241560,20378821,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,//mgmag\\,"Almost all the online features ar not included in the base game! You must buy the Wildrun DLC for the full experience, for me this game is a scam.."
,Not Recommended,241560,20573004,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,twentytoolife,not fun. looks bland. generic gameplay
,Not Recommended,241560,20566981,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Khamael,"purchased this game :: wish i hadn't.First run: Crash on load.Second run: loaded played for about an hour.Third - fifthteenth load: locked up on a black screen, locked up pc had to do a hard reboot.sixthteeth load: ran fine, played a while.ever since the last successful load it has not loaded at all. just a black screen and forcing me to do hard reboots of PC.So until these issues are fixed i would recommend everyone to save thier cash for something that can aat least be called a working game. Pitifull showing to the devs on this one. Very pitifull. Pathetic even."
76561197999983544,Not Recommended,241560,20679719,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Reo Ishida,"terrible game, bought back in december of last year when it first came out... would not work at all for me... tried to get a refund and even though i'd literaly played only 36 minutes of it total before i uninstalled it, steam wouldnt refund me because at the time they had no refund policy game kept crashing the handling of the cars was♥♥♥♥♥♥the game wouldnt launch while i kept trying for a while, WOULD NOT RECCOMEND THIS GAME, honestly save your money and get something less hazardous to your health, ie cigaretts or alchohaul... this game was nothing but frustration and for a 90$ game i expected more,"
76561198144224395,Not Recommended,241560,20683557,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Cierax,"I payed £25 for The Crew and two hours into playing, a message appears saying 'Your trial had ended.' I literally just loaded 'The Crew' from steam and this♥♥♥♥♥♥comes up.Also, when I first tried to load this game up, it wouldnt get past the first time setup download. When it finally did, it crashed.Thanks unisoft."
,Not Recommended,241560,20278355,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ALEXCRAZY8,"I really enjoyed this game for the few days that the game acctually worked...When i click play the game just gets an error and crashes,it does the same to my friend, and we both have pretty good pc's in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,241560,20278474,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,zac,"the game kept running in the background even after exiting from inside the game. Do not buy, not worth it."
76561198194934627,Not Recommended,241560,21622202,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Klara (KLUKK),too long loadingscreen. Crashes too often. Boring story. sadly i have to many hours to get a refund :'(
,Not Recommended,241560,21889071,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,yourowner,Game is not bad at all .... yes i could be alot better but it does what u would excpect when u buy a car game plus some ..... the driveing in the game takes alot of getting use to ive played alot of raceing in my life and this is the only raceing game ive played where i cant get ahold of the vehicel most games u pick it up this game i never did but thats fine i enjoy just driveing and enjoying the sceniery personnalyi wouldnt recomend the game wait for nfs to drop price on pc
,Not Recommended,241560,21831354,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,"do you recomend this game? no it was an amazing game and great potential. however there are some flaws. one the dlc issue i never had an issue i got this game as the standard eddition and got the wild run expansion as it came out. honestly im not sure i even have the wild run. graphical updates my a** it looks the same if not worse. beyond that after the short and bland single player campaign its just a pass time and free drive is a mess. but one good thing is the map size! from la to maybe the top of maine it took me a good hour to an hour and a half to get there in real time so plus onealso i often get players who pop in and out of the server i guess. i was hoping for a server full of drivers like in the launch trailer  but i got 2 or three racers on the whole map with me (most ive seen is 4) and half of them are idle or just sitting in the map and driving with a friend is a night mare, one i cant see their car, two they lose connection and are spit in another server i guess and three lag... yes i have sub par internet but still when another player around me comes around everything goes haywire and i asume they have better internet providers than centurt lonk (centurylink) so maybe its just me. and ""smart loot"" god lets not go there and and whats the deal with the npcs like wild animals? i drive at them at 150+ mph and they miracuasly clip through my speeding vehicle! its a T rated game i get it but COME ON! and the driving physics are like im riding a go cart from mario cart. and crashes are riduclus i can be going maybe 30mph and smack a small car in the a** and boom i crashed. but im flying down the road at 150+mph and hit a car and they go spinning around like a helicopter and im miles down the road just a scratch and the cops are really easy too...and mentaly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, speeding and endangering lives doesnt care. hits trash can going 5mph wanted level. i play this game when i have absolutly nothing else to play or bored of them. waste of money dont buy unless you like these problems i really hope they come with a offline patch god forbid me say it and maybe it might be worth about 15bucks but not the full 40$ for the full experience"
76561198296005516,Recommended,241560,29586839,Posted: 30 January,all,MÜBAREK,HKG
76561198255314340,Not Recommended,241560,21913431,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Bulletz4Beakfes,I downloaded the crew and it only lets me play the trial version of the game iI need help
,Not Recommended,241560,22090742,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,MidnightMonkey,What the hell I bought some of the game played for a bit then it said no you can't play no more
76561197997645190,Not Recommended,241560,22051350,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ICYUNVME,I have only done one other review and it was for TF2 because I love that game so much. This review is the exact opposite I hate this game so much I must tell you to please don't waste your money on this. The problem is I play and at some point during some mission the game stops loading the map and you drive into nothingness then it freezes if you try to reset your car it is glitched out. I know its not my PC I can play GTA 5 maxed out for hours no problem and other graphic extensive games. This program is unfinished. Soooooooo ANGRY!!!!!
76561198182310986,Not Recommended,241560,22107592,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,TortouseGames,"I give this 1 star.  I had trouble recieving the actual game because it kept saying I didi not own it when I bought the full game.  Th Wild Run pass did not work in general. It said that was in season pass so I bought it and that did not work eather.  The gameplay is good, but they need to cut the price and not send out as many confusing dlc."
,Not Recommended,241560,22113827,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SofaKingGood,Mehh
,Not Recommended,241560,20308208,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,✪Savage,Can't start the game
76561198028497972,Not Recommended,241560,20463544,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,xMASACREx,glitchy and full of bugs uninstalled guess i'll just play the superior console version.
,Not Recommended,241560,20611395,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,DD2146,"Probably one of the worst games I own in terms of playability. This game is riddled with server sync bugs that often prevent you from finishing races, changing cars, or loading the game from the menu's at all. I wanted an open world racer that was fun and instead I got this mess that Ubisoft seemed to somehow make worse when they introduced the first large DLC (it ran fine before that mostly).There are also a good deal of hackers in this game and Ubisoft does not seem to be banning or removing them at all. When you try to leave and avoid matches with these hackers you end up hitting one of the sync bugs and have to exit (or task slam) the game and start over."
76561198038459445,Not Recommended,241560,20611426,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,ArmoredCascade,dont get this game i only played for a day after i bought when i went back to it i couldnt play it again kept saying the servers are unavaible and my connection is well fine 3 weeks i tried getting to log on n 3 weeks i keep getting that error so now im stuck with a game i cant play
,Not Recommended,241560,20411683,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,袁 THOTTIE CLEAN UP PATROL,driving physics is worse than cancer
76561198111945260,Not Recommended,241560,20412520,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TheHealthyDonut,"uhhh... well... i bought the full game, but when i launch the game, it says i only have the demo, and tells me to buy it again.. any help?"
,Not Recommended,241560,20000227,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,amit.streit,"So…The game the crew is a very nice game that was ruined by Ubisoft will squeeze every little drop of money that’s left in the game. We will discuss it later in the reviewLet's start talking on the game itself, the game is divided into two parts (as long as you have not bought DLC's) the first very enjoyable. In the first part, you are sitting and enjoying from the good story and start learning the game for me it took between 30 - 45 hours after you finished the story the second part has begun.The second part is little less nice (but still was fun until they ruined it). In the second part, you find and buy the car you always wanted and dreamed of from the beginning and start playing with them against people.But! (And this is a big but), in November Ubisoft released an update that destroyed the game because of the absurd wish of them to earn every penny. This is reflected in their actions, they made it so you cannot get * car parts * from * skills * any more. Car parts are very valuable they allow you to level up your car and make it faster. But those who bought the game not long ago could not level up their cars and have fun. They had to buy a 20$ DLC because of the update.Car parts: can bring your car to the highest level and make it fasterSkills: are like side missions that drop car from time to time parts and you can grind on them and now you almost don’t get car parts from them"
76561198281437109,Not Recommended,241560,21386526,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,fedrick888,why the game has stopped working in my computer ?
76561198284804482,Not Recommended,241560,21325400,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,drag-race1993,this game wont work on my pc is there a way to get a refund?
76561198107570236,Not Recommended,241560,21272676,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,一马平川,"0/10They want to turn this game to League so they can make money but they are far away from it. Also, as a dota 2 player, I hate people do things like league. It seems like the game only need 20 bucks but Ubishit want far more than that.Back to tech part, the only thing i want to mention is my desktop has 750 Ti card, 16 GB memory and core i7 processor, just barely run this game with only medium display setting, FPS still not stable at some missions. IT IS HORRIBLE!!!!To make thing worse, if you are a rookie, it is very difficult to complete mission in the late game if you just spend the first 20 bucks, in order to complete the main story mission, you need to do extra works, it needs TIME, and you waste time in the game so you will BUY and BUY. For the game like this, I usually check the director of this game and I will never buy any game from his/her team again.They treat us like animal. we will give them NOTHING!!!!Buy NFS or dirt or even grid, they are all much more better than this game."
76561198178112362,Not Recommended,241560,21263359,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,tacodude,doesnt work on windows 10
76561198093415237,Not Recommended,241560,21195437,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TheBisexualFurry,i loved the game untill i had to buy the dlc to play on line
76561198046891320,Not Recommended,241560,21188754,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Paul,"Hello,i bought this game and i played, very fun game but after a few hours the game tell that your limited time has passed and you need to buy this game , but i bought it so i am very dissapointed from this game."
76561198022733105,Not Recommended,241560,21190215,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Hundeernährung,"Simply the worst car game i have ever played. Stupid level design, moronic glitches and odd behavior, very bad sense of depth (if there is one or whatsoever), stupid physics implementation (specially on drifting).I feel like i've wasted money buying this piece of crap. It's an attempt to recreate Burnout Paradise, but apparently they failed miserably.After Assassin's Creed Black Flag and Shadows of Mordor, i'm even considering to never buy a Ubisoft game ever again. Such a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,241560,21210189,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,errorist,"Game deserves 0/10 For having MAJOR issues with  running. But ubisoft got us used to that. I can't say nothing 'bout the gameplay or mechanics or anything because i've spent last two days trying to launch it. And I'm still trying. Got nothing better to do while waiting for a refund :( Sad thing is that it is not a fresh game, it should be fixed long time ago, before realease probably. Ubi took another warm♥♥♥♥♥♥at their customers."
,Not Recommended,241560,21214823,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Wormathews,"I am so tired of this, I have owned this game for over a year and I have never been able to play it. It says I have played over 5 hours and I never been able to play even 1 minute. Everytime I push play it prompts me with a message saying failed to start. It looks like an awesome game and I would love to play it, so if anyone could help that would be awesome."
76561198077816561,Not Recommended,241560,20911309,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,mojo89,"loved this game.Had so many cars,after wild run,lost all my progress =("
76561198038286181,Not Recommended,241560,20052353,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SORRY,"man i buy ""the crew"" and new no play ""the crew"" play ""the crew wild run"" and buy wtf????"
76561198203718317,Not Recommended,241560,20274254,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,dora,you pay 15 dollers and you get triel version
,Not Recommended,241560,20713587,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,MC913,crew
76561198133623040,Not Recommended,241560,23725119,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[MyD] Skuldrill,Does not work how it is supposed to on many people not just me !!do not buy the game
76561198173875239,Not Recommended,241560,23629072,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Millhouse Manastorm,why the f that i can not play this game? not even in Gtx980M?
,Not Recommended,241560,24031757,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,USSCaptainJam63,"Game does not load, and the Ubisoft support is absolutely horrible I contacted them multiple times, and none of their attempted fixes helped. Windows 10 64 Bit"
76561198251140532,Not Recommended,241560,24032953,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CHEMICAL_777,you cant even play or download it
76561198186443546,Not Recommended,241560,24068369,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AseToXrono,"This game has much trouble running on my pc, I have better than recommended specs.I have to use a very low res that make it look like a ps2 game. If not the game lags too much.Also the map too often glitches out and I have to restart the game, and somethimes that doesn't even work, I attempted to use the train/plane to cross the map but that just says ""loading"" forever. I only bought this to play with friends but I can barely do so."
,Not Recommended,241560,24086248,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ZserkY,"play for 3 hours try launching the game a second time and a error message pops up..The Crew Game Has Stopped Working. Dont buy this game it is terrible, if you want to waste money buy it..."
76561197970785554,Not Recommended,241560,19488767,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Hal_2005,"Buy Need for Speed. Any of them, yes including NFS: Hot Pursuit for 0.99/box. Anything is better than this game. The AI Cheats, the cars act like a bad 1980's game at Chucky Cheeze, the community is a whopping 4 players on your map at any given time.Nothing like advertised on the box, if you buy this, expect to be returning it in 3 days."
,Not Recommended,241560,19493047,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Weblr,"I bought this game for 20 dollars (sale) and i wanted to make a crew with my friend. I can't.4/10 ""Bad"""
,Not Recommended,241560,18197836,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,NoxNyctores[OmYim],Uplay
76561198246112638,Not Recommended,241560,19950489,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,n3oom_alrashed,فيها مشاكل
,Not Recommended,241560,19850670,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,hopeless | VAC BANNED |,"The wild run expansion ♥♥♥♥ED UP MY LİGHTİNG LİKE HOLY ♥♥♥♥İNG SHİT İS THE SUN İN MY EYES ♥♥♥♥İNG HELL, ♥♥♥♥ed my frame rate, and everything else! And i cant refund. ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft, ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198081200104,Not Recommended,241560,19830551,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,iTouchKids,This game has no controller support what so ever. I reinstalled it two times and played NFS Shift 2 Unleashed and Rivals with my steering wheel Thrustmaster Ferrari Racing (supported by all other games). My Microsoft controller also is not supported so i would not recommend this game to anyone who would like to play it with something else than keyboard.
,Not Recommended,241560,19888918,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,iNickafs,"Bought complete edition which comes with the wild run said it installed it. Ran the game and it kept asking me to purchase the wild run, then told me my time trial had expired...... too much of a headache."
76561198231185920,Not Recommended,241560,20361628,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Xperthackerz,I cant not play it it crashes all the time when I start up the crew it crashes i have never played it
,Not Recommended,241560,13368869,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Deo™,"UPlay doesnt even let you play it sometimes, and crashes at startup to most of the people. Don't buy."
76561198049315969,Not Recommended,241560,14081038,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TEST SUBJECT,Horrible game!No heart was put into making this game.Cars feel just bad and the game looks dated.
76561198118612968,Not Recommended,241560,14610082,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,TheTylerStuckey,"would be a great game if i could play it. ive got friends that have the game. and they had talked me into getting it. seemed pretty good when i was watching them play it. so i went ahead and payed the 60 bucks and  bought it, well, finished downloading and i kept getting the error ""could not connect to crew error #0_1""  sent an email to UBIsoft and waited a month before giving up on hearing back from them. so i sent them another one and filled out a ticket request on their website again. looked all over the internet on how to fix the error to no avail. so if it is at all possible, try and get a demo version to see if it works."
,Recommended,241560,14830140,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,ExProHD,"One of the best car games out there, Some small issues since it is a Online-based game.9/10!"
76561198022294475,Not Recommended,241560,13230101,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Tiearian,"If you like racing games where the physics arn't quite realistic or arcade style, and feel like just a jumbled pile of trash, Then this is the game for you!For serious though.When turning, it feels like your tires are made of sponge or something. Or as if they are just all half flat. You can't drift worth **** with any car type, and the camera is just awful. It seems like they tried to make the camera look in the direct it thinks you want to drive toward, but always over shoots. So when ever you turn your always looking past where your wanting to turn towards. Especially when your moving more slowly, which makes getting out of a pile-up absolutly horrible.I would honestly have GTA 4 Car physics over this. Also, tuning your car is nothing like you would expect. Its extreamly linear, with a menu that makes it look Open-ended.One last note, you can't effectivly play this game if you have a life outside of your computer. It just takes too long to get/do anything."
,Not Recommended,241560,13240513,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Delamir,"Amazing story... Suposed to be MMO, but the pvp in the game is just awefull.. Sure you can do missions and stuff together, but after lvl 50, and the story is completed, then what? There is barely enough players online to do pvp. When i pvp i wait lik 10 min for a race. WTF!"
,Not Recommended,241560,13276936,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Maxtermind,Its overall a good game but it keeps freezing on me after a minute of playing
76561198008415478,Not Recommended,241560,13783020,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Tech3,"I gets virus from this game, fix it ffs steam..."
76561197998626954,Not Recommended,241560,14010254,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Brko,I wan't my money back...
,Not Recommended,241560,13278659,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Chad Thundercock,THIS SUCKS LMAO
76561198095464947,Not Recommended,241560,14740038,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Spnkypiledriver,Would like to connect to the server for once....
76561198002607072,Recommended,241560,14750468,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,sgt ru666erduck,bruh this is the♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,241560,13381405,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Rezya_love_anacondaz,Game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥. I played one mission for hour and what? Just Alt+F4
,Not Recommended,241560,13423550,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Dr. Jester - wubba lubba dub dub,"Disappointing. It has a few nice features, looks good, and has a cockpit view(no trackir). I like the customization features.But the races are annoying, full of bugs, for a multiplayer title I have yet to race with a human, and the AI seems to ignore the physics.If they patch it, and add TrackIr, then maybe it will be a good title. My biggest regret was for paying full price on this.Mental Note: Only buy UBISOFT titles after a month or two, after reviews have come through, and players have voiced their opinion to avoid problems like this and Assassin's Creed Unity."
,Not Recommended,241560,13425636,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,MuthaFucinWilson,The story line missions suck and the game has no depth. Don't recommend at all.
,Not Recommended,241560,13208133,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ripperoni pupperoni,"It's fun at first, but when you finish the game you realise that there isn't much to do aside from race and grind for car parts. There is a massive open world avaliable, yet there are no gamemodes that give you the freedom to battle it out in the open world. You either race or do nothing. My biggest desire for this game is for it to have a tag mode, or cops and robbers, or even capture the flag. Why can 24 players not brawl for control of a flag in the entire midwest, using whatever car and spec we want to?Not only does the game lack gameplay, it's just not fun to drive. I don't know why, but I just don't have fun when I'm driving."
,Recommended,241560,14840413,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Mr E.,One of my favorite games. It has a good story + epic graphics. Some collisions are a bit buggy (a tiny rock can total your car) but other than that it is really great. The handleing of the cars is good but you need to have a controller to get the maximum out of it.If you like a beautiful landscape with pretty cars i would def recommend this game.
76561198156460206,Not Recommended,241560,13262055,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,JonxQueen,"been playing racing games for over 15 years and can clearly say that this game is rather disappionting, pc lunch is always hard but i have had non sto[ crash issiuse with that game, it takes about 5 mins to re open and be playable after a crash, ( i  exceed  recommended requirements )  when the game does run the AI is about the worst i have ever seen in a game, they will run you right off the road just cause they can,  the parts are awarded on a horrible system, almost imposible to tune your car down to help a friend,  the recommended car lvl for races is utterly stupid cause the ai does not base it on that but rather the fastest person in the group, and even in solo missions the car lvl lies,   i  have issiues finishing some of the story line races ( i.e.   game says the race should be easy, car lvl 420, my car lvl 559 and yet still running out of time between check points (even on clean runs without hitting anything)HORRIBLE GAME   UNISTALLED AFTER BEING RELEASED FOR 4 DAYSWISH I COULD GET A REFUND"
76561198031611524,Not Recommended,241560,13222376,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,usmcbutler_44,"Into a race for one full hour, lose connection. That♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me the hell off, I hate this need to stay connected bull. How about you fix this or come up with a solution so this crap doesn't happen. Why is this so hard to figure out? Oh gamers are getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because our games need to stay connected with the server, how about we don't make it mandatory so they can still play without getting kicked off how hard is this for a multimillion dollar company to figure out. Fix this crap and maybe i'll change my view on this game."
76561198137746372,Not Recommended,241560,15989458,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,jjanator13,i thought the game would be amazing and its not gameplay is bad all the things othe people are saying... and i have the worst thing to me is that i cant do campaign even!!! im on this one mission to steal a sports car and i have 7 sec to go five miles. no matter what i do i cannot make the time... i cant make first point on this mission... i was ready to punch my computer
76561198115716526,Not Recommended,241560,19185587,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Mmmbrrrr,its♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,241560,13242141,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,The_Kankler,"This game was a big let down for me.  I'm not saying it was a bad game, but just too much dissapointment.  There is a laughably small selection of cars, the story is cringe-worthy, and the voice acting sub-par.  I was hoping to ride around with friends doing races, and comparing cars, just cruising the open road, but what I got was a traffic simulator.  And don't get me started on the non-sensical way that the cars compare to each other.  The cop cars are made of black matter and can turn on a dime and launch like space shuttles, and when you are driving an ""Off-Road Spec"" sports car, you can't catch up to a pick-up truck of a similar class in a straight line. In fact, that pick-up will be faster then you.  Artificial difficulty and rubber-band AI at its worst.  The same reasons I never liked Need for Speed is the same reason I don't like this game.  All that being said though, it is a fairly polished game with decent visuals and the open world is pretty nice when you're not dodging a caravan of school busses while trying to weave through your slalom coarse.  Like I said, not a terrible game, but not a game for me.  If you liked Need for Speed and open-world games, you'll love this."
76561197992379837,Not Recommended,241560,13246758,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,scotty8296,Why is it every other race game I can use my microsoft forcefeedback wheel but not this one. That was a waste of 60 bucks.
,Not Recommended,241560,13377749,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Ryzen_Core,"""Ryouichi - Not the same customization i've seen in trailers.""""Nicksandalis -  most overhyped piece of garbage I have ever laid hands on.""sounds fimilyar, lol hmmm, JUST LIKE WATCH_DOGS, which was a over priced and overhyped Piece OF S**T same as the crew,, i feel like i was ripped off too, engines are not true to each car, remides me of AUTOMATION - a car builder simulator, except the crew has real cars, but engine are fake, and the game automation was only 25-35 bucks USD, and aint bad and was cheap, this game, not so much, i mean $85 bucks in US dollars is alot of f**king money for me, and i feel like i was robbed again by ubisoft, the graphics are alot better than Watch_dogs, id like to see the modders that did the graphics enhancements for Watch_Dogs to copy or extract the REAL CARS from the crew,as the crew uses almost the same identical (SOMEWHAT) *.DAT & *.FAT FILES as WATCH_DOGS DOES! and add them to Watch_dogs, then id be happier to have spent all the money i did on both garbage games,,, i also better see Ubicrapsoft add ALOT F**iNG MORE TO THE CREW AND WATCH_DOGS OR I AM DONE BUYING THIR GAMES, AND THAT INCLUDES ANY SPLINTER CELL GAME, FUTURE♥♥♥♥♥♥WITH WATCH_DOGS LIKE WATCH_DOGS 2, OR MORE DLC FOR CURRENT GAME, or any other game by them ever again, im not getting screwed a f**king again, oh & UBI,  F**CK UR UPLAY BULLs**t,i wanted to pirate the crew to see if the game was even worth the 85 USD i ended up spending on it, because i got a beta cd key, but it expired and I NEVER EVEN GOT TO USE THE KEY, WHEN I finally got the email with the beta key? i activated the cd key on uplay and it was already expired :(  , (F**k U Ubisoft/UPLAY.. and it was for some reason, in my junk folder in my email which is why i didnt get it intime>>>"
,Not Recommended,241560,18603072,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,[TAW] PbThunder - Recruiting,Very good game however crashes a lot on my 780TI and has done since I bought the game back last year...
76561197998698054,Not Recommended,241560,18703698,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Sorry Fam,"game had potential, developers and ubisoft classically ruined it by releasing an unfinshed game with no end game content then making us pay for it in an ""expansion"". As well as paying real $$ for cars in game, huge money grab scheme."
76561198138320992,Not Recommended,241560,18666014,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,BlueBarrie,heeeellllll naaawwww
,Not Recommended,241560,18644266,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Banan,"I this game is good but, The CDkey is ♥♥♥♥up it did that i can't play the game."
76561198206401095,Not Recommended,241560,19515824,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,HITLER,Great now another error the error says to metion this code #0_35 connection problem but my internet is fine ????
,Not Recommended,241560,19552849,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SilverSurferNHS,"So far... its just... kinda okay?It um... okay, is trying to do what NFS is failing to do, but failing only slightly less in regards to the story, voice acting and plot. I saw some reviews that said that after the Wild Run patch, alot had changed and feels more like what Ubi intended to begin with.... so i gave it a shot. I really wish i'd gotten the complete edition in a way that'd saved me some cash... because its still just not worth it.The plot is hohum and contrived; seen it before and you'll see everything coming a mile away with your eyes closed. The acting is better than some of the NFS series terrible videos.The control are better than i expected, but still very wonky and imprecise.Fortunately the graphics are decent and the cars look good. Customization is also pretty decent. Other than that... i'm kind of not enjoying it and there's nothing making me want to come back to it. I feel like i'm going to begrudgingly try to get through this one."
,Not Recommended,241560,19558843,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Marksman 9x19mm,"Forces you to use UPlay, doesnt allow certain transactions to go through, full of bugs, unable to play without internet connection(From what I've seen so far). It was on sale for pretty cheap, so I guess its worth the 15 bucks I paid for it."
,Not Recommended,241560,18826662,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Naked Warrior,"I don't think I could ever recommend this game. Once again,  like so many tragedies released by Ubisoft, we have an extremely weak game made worse by relatively obvious corporate greed.For the game itself...Does anyone actually enjoy driving on motorways? Play this game to find out...In terms of what you'll be taking down those numerous freeways, there is a big selection of vehicles. Unfortunately, there is such little difference between cars, it doesn't really matter if you're in a Focus or a Charger. Every car is flat and souless, and unless you put the volumne knob to 'Deafening' on your sound system, the engines are quieter than a Nissan Leaf and about as much fun to drive.To elaborate on the driving mechnics (and I use the term mechanics, like a child might with lego bricks), it's like driving a shopping trolley. It doesn't matter how fast you're going, (because you can put a 3 ton muscle car round a hairpin at 140mph apparently) if you crash there's no penalty, and even if you don't there's no excitement.If you can get ovr the fact that you'll have more fun at your nans funeral than you will playing this game, this finl point may be just what you need:If you want all the cars you'll need to shell out a lot of real work money. You can obviously earn money in game, but they've made it suffiiently difficult enough that eventually you'll buy credits out of sheer boredom (something that you WILL have plenty of).Frankly, that's unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,241560,19222071,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Steven,"what♥♥♥♥♥♥the gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's a racing game.. the cars should feel HALFWAY decent to drive, at least.the world is big and all but that means they didnt focus on the looks of the world so it looks pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥for modern standards.buying the wild run dlc would be like buying the game twice. you cant even drive the specs on the open world except the bikes so it's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥in the end this game is pretty♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197992082754,Not Recommended,241560,18742785,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Naddz,Handling is horrible. Played for 2 hours and just could't get used to how bad it was. This feels like a bad arcade game and that's being generous.  I have played better racing games on my cellphone. But it's an MMO... Not really
,Not Recommended,241560,18755270,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,piggy,"after purchasing and installing this game for about 1 week, the game wont start any more ,no matter how i tried."
76561198038814996,Not Recommended,241560,19397506,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,The Hamster,"Waste Of Money, Extremely Buggy, Ubisoft Do Not Help When You Ask For It, Takes a Week or Two for Them to Reply. FPS Is Extremely Unstable, I cannot believe i wasted 54.99 on this game."
76561197961273382,Not Recommended,241560,20334067,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[Redhand] Orchid,do not buy this game unless your willing to drop like 50$ on it plus the DLC...  the main game is just a trial version to get u sucked in then end the game like 1 hour into it after u finish the story mission... if u want to continue u have to buy wild ride dlc... if you dont they kick u out of the game... how shamefull is this♥♥♥♥♥♥   shame on you people seriously... if ur gonna make us buy a game... make it the full game not a secret trial... or demo... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. im done with this company forever. peace  game is♥♥♥♥♥♥.. cant even crash head onto cars it slides u to the side... lmao
76561197981210581,Not Recommended,241560,15493594,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Tomikras,dont buy just a big money grab
,Not Recommended,241560,16463667,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,aqua,"Absolutely terrible, a crime that Ubisoft was able to release such a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥piece of garbage. The fact that I spent 80$ on this game makes me want to wash my face in a deep frier."
,Not Recommended,241560,16646182,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Chef Money,"No family sharing, but a good game. I wasted 30 on this"
,Not Recommended,241560,28692214,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,dankillss,How do you refund??????????????
,Not Recommended,241560,29285000,Posted: 15 January,all,Krolvac,pros:great mapgood customizationmultiplayer is funcons:a bunch of bugsweird physicsdlcs that dont have content for its pricemultiplayer has a bunch of bugshandling feels weirdits very boring after 3 to 6 hours
,Recommended,241560,31243906,Posted: 19 April,all,✯14K✯ society.gg,i own the season pass for the crew can you explain why you dont recieve the calling all units dlc?
,Recommended,241560,33498281,Posted: 13 July,all,Dutchie055🏁☣,"Nice graphics, cool gameplay...Best ubisoft game i have ever played."
,Recommended,241560,33503003,Posted: 13 July,all,SuperUltraSucc,k
,Recommended,241560,22791658,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,girls notice me,bad
,Recommended,241560,30668856,Posted: 22 March,all,Syndusky,"I like it, pretty good updates to the game. Customization is decent it's just a little hard getting used to on PC.Better with controller or wheel."
76561198101125096,Recommended,241560,15040207,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Meepling360,Great graphics and story but the controls are hard to use at first but once you get used to it ts easy to use.
,Recommended,241560,15039187,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Platon,You can easily tell that i like this game (playtime)
,Recommended,241560,33650353,Posted: 19 July,all,Marku da Piggu,"Personally I believe The Crew is a great game, especially if you're looking for a open world relaxing driving game. Here are a list why you should play The Crew:1. The world detail is great both on low and high settings.2. The car details are amazing, with plenty(sort of) customizations.3. You can constantly get good cars for free by doing easy missions.4. You get easily get parts to upgrade your cars.5. Driving machanics are decently good, it reminds me of Ridge Racer 7(Great game btw). I saw lots of people complaining about how un-realistic it is, well...it depends on you and your experience in other racing games.But there are some cons as well, so take these into consideration:1. The cops in this game are bloody annoying, so be prepared for some actual bs if you are getting chased by them.2. Money system is not the best, if you want to 'buy' cars, you need to grind quite hard.3. Small amount of players, and Ubisoft doesn't care about this game anymore *cough The Crew 2 *cough.4. All those negative reviews out there, they're not wrong but c'mon, this game is good in general in my opinon.5. The dlcs are absolutely dumb, don't even bother to buy any of them, just buy the game when it's on sale.8/10 would get busted again"
76561198035728219,Recommended,241560,26020082,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,grandpa_1955,great game
76561198066059776,Recommended,241560,30699896,Posted: 24 March,all,Feng Zehui,"Graphic is slightly beaten by NFS 2015, yet it has a wider range of car selections. I love the glc coupe as a police starter, the engine sound is amazing."
,Recommended,241560,30715715,Posted: 24 March,all,mell0w,I should've bought this earlier.
,Recommended,241560,32986230,Posted: 29 June,all,De/Nial,Most likely the best racing game out there!Get it fast and play it before The Crew 2 comes out!
76561198027443331,Not Recommended,241560,18843636,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Margu14,"I would like to get my money back...Server is offline all the time, from the first day when i got that game...Just sad..."
76561198087101713,Not Recommended,241560,20277164,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Yeti,I wouldnt reccomend the game any more with the un fair UI and unfinished looks of the entire thing they physics are ok but if youv bought the season pass Good for you i didnt cause u was suckerd then if you dont like it cause u bought season pass then dont play casue u dont get the wild run in cluded by the company that made the crew. I got kinda discouraged and discusted with the game when i brought up a issue of having a fender opti0on to them on the game for all the vehicles. Response back was try other vehichles i mean WTF its for all cars and the only one u can change remotely is the hot rod hup one cars fenders wooo. I bought the crew wild run to see what was going on i mean its nice they added some other things and specs to it for people and racers around but sheezus Fix the god dam bugs an AI allong with the frikn physics
76561197962994560,Not Recommended,241560,14288131,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,bjelle,You need an Ubisoft account to play this game and you need to have Ubisoft-client running in the background while you play..
76561198012293526,Recommended,241560,14499394,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Izzemo™,"This game brings open world gaming to a whole new level.The gameworld is without doubt the one of the best one's i've ever seen in any racing game till now.The game's story line is a bit short, but community missions make up for that.The PVP is fun and a great way to get reputation and in game money real fast but the matchmaking system fails on occasions. More particular when you're trying to join PVP lobby's with a bigger crew.The game brings you to the most iconic and beautiful places in the whole United States, from the sandy deserts of the Mojave till the city streets of New York, Miami, ...The only thing that bugs me a LOT about the game is the lack of different cars to roam the streets with.We'll propably get the rest in the o so expensive DLC packs, but aside from that I find it a game definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,241560,14461756,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,BangarangGames,Best game ever
,Recommended,241560,14412477,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,General Helmets,PROS!!!L'd like the map size as it is ...but should have added more citys or gone in detail with the other towns in the gamethe storyone reminds me of NFS!!!!!!and the cop chases are okIDEAS!!!but one thing they should  ad is more carsa bigger server ex. 1-16 or 1-32 or 1-64 players per regien (forgive my spelling)or just varies per how big the regien is in generalmore in depth with custimization of carsmaking your own races would be niceand having them to get downloaded to your pc so other people could play on it to as wellMore levels to level up lolCONS!!!I ignore the negivtive's about the game sor far
,Recommended,241560,28856266,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,@BirDay@,หา cd key ไม่เจอคับ
,Not Recommended,241560,18833089,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ArqArias,"I love racing, this game isnt, the trailers were so good, the graphics are good, but there are like 40 cars, sh!ty cars, why the f*ck do we have an Scalade SUV but not the GT-R35? Thats stupid as f*ck!I recently bought a Subaru WRX, I wanted to feel like im driving my own car in a game, guess what, there is not a single Subaru in this game, none, not even a f*cking Evo!A new big DLC in the way, with some motorcycles and monster trucks, maybe some other sh!t, I own the Season Pass so I got a little happy, but... NO f*cking Wild Run for me! Because this f*ckers money hoarders want me to pay another $30 for it even if I have the Season Pass, so... What was the Season Pass for? 10 sh!ty cars?If they want to charge $30 or $40 or whatever the f*ck they want for a big expansion, fine, but first give the entire game you promised! Lots of cars, like lots and lots of cars and lots of different missions and track styles."
,Recommended,241560,16779413,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,myles.,"The Crew is fun, exciting and visually stunning.  While the multiplayer aspect leaves something to be desired, the experience is great.  Massive map with lots of varied landscapes, fun vehicles and classes or ""specs"" to play around with and a fun albeit slow story line, something that is uncommon with driving games.Recommended to pick up a wheel, something like a g27 as it makes driving so much more fun!"
,Recommended,241560,14465659,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,[L.O.L] TehBatman,This game is awesome!1. Great graphics2. Detailed details3.Best car game ever
,Recommended,241560,14543806,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,[Gin],fun as heaven
76561198093052447,Recommended,241560,14412671,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,MovingCNTower,"The gameplay isn't perfect, but my main gripe is Uplay. I can never seem to connect to people, and when I am actually able to, it often drops the connection. It also has issues with separating crews when joining PVP lobbies.The car selection is so-so. There aren't many vehicles in game, but some of them only have 1 tuning spec. Then there are some that don't have tuning options that would be obvious, my main dissapointment is no Dirt Silverado, but I was also sad to see no raid spec for the Jeep.The rest of the game is pretty good. As said in many other reviews, the physics aren't simulator grade, and the AI racers aren't the best, but this has to be one of the best open world driving maps to date. It is a nice size, and it is well modeled.The graphics are overall pretty good, the interior views are nice, and the vehicle sounds are good.If the multiplayer errors are fixed, then this is a solid game, until then, prepare for some interrupted online play."
,Recommended,241560,14414400,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jackblack4750,i highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys racing games
,Recommended,241560,14425249,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ZoZo,"Good Racing game that reminds the movies FAS, and NFS, if u enjoyed TDU series and NFS underground, you will like this game! Driving - 8.5/10, map 10/10 Perfect Map ever made!, grapich 9.5/10. The Game is new, so it needs alot of update with some fixes and bugs, but hey all games these days are not perfect so give this game a chance and preview it, most of the ppl who dont recommend this game, doesnt know what racing games are I think. Its a well game that can be improved, with new updates as another games also do updates. However personally i expected more details from the game, also more cars that was not DLC, but already in the game!See you at the racing line! ;)"
76561198036720067,Recommended,241560,14487797,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,RowDogSA,"Absolutely brilliant! This game satisfies every racing game fan's need. Huge, detailed, drivable map of North America. A really solid story with great cutscenes. Great cars, detailed customisation options, multiple racing disciplines, cockpit view, great sounding engines, tough cop chases. What more could you ask for? The Crew takes racing fans back to their roots and satisfies pretty much everything we've been missing. The online experience is amazing. You can hook up with online players and take on missions together in co-op mode. The single player and online multiplayer experience is seamless. Play it your way. Single player all the way, as a crew or a bit of both.I picked up one major glitch during one of the races where all the cars hit an invisible wall and all our front wheels starting lifting off the ground. That was about it. After 24 hours of gameplay, only a few glitches and AI issues picked up, but acceptable. I am loving it and strongly recommend that you buy it. It is worth every cent."
,Recommended,241560,14487366,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,matthewcas,The game does have certain lag in cutscenes and when you go nearby other players but it does not affect your gameplay at all
,Recommended,241560,14466227,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,CM - No Chat,"It's stupid fun in a car. The driving mechanics are poor. The destruction mechanics are virtually non-existent. The multi-player element will probably result in you getting smashed into part way through a race, and is almost completely useless (the exception being for races where you're supposed to hit a target vehicle a certain number of times in a specified time limit). There are so many things about this game that are crap, I'm not going to bother listing them all. However, I'm still going to recommend the game. Why? Because the open world map is enormous; 'frickin' huge'. Sometimes you just want to get into a virtual car and drive at 100+ MPH for long distances just because. Plus jumping (bad jumping, because physics, but jumping nonetheless)."
76561198061369611,Recommended,241560,14500501,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,[N - B] dilexs,like it
,Recommended,241560,29803944,Posted: 9 February,all,Agent Cooper,"Nice, large map. Story is kinda meh. I approached it as a single-player game and liked it."
76561198101782896,Not Recommended,241560,23947080,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Batman Fatman,"Won't even launch. I just requested a refund and I'm hoping I get it. I tried every ""solution"" provided by Ubisoft and nothing has helped. ♥♥♥♥ this game, and Ubisoft."
76561198276873808,Not Recommended,241560,21318822,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,melle.lindgren bets.gg,Do not work!
76561198271755229,Recommended,241560,33062962,Posted: 30 June,all,viersejuan,"i saw the gameplay of the crew it's a good game, but i can't play the game always ""the crew is stopped working"", can somebody help  me?"
76561198314443836,Recommended,241560,28164302,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Vincent,Great game~
76561198079324657,Not Recommended,241560,21372739,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,oconnomo,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Bought the base game for myself and a friend. Cannot play because I didn't buy the wild run edition. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself.
76561197994273454,Not Recommended,241560,21560288,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Nirius Bosc,"I purchased The Crew thinking I would get what I paid for.No, instead I got a 2 hour trail version of Wild Run.Avoid unless your wallet is to heavy and you need to lose weight fast."
,Not Recommended,241560,21574853,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mr.SoEpic,not working after the last update not able to launch and ubisoft is not responding and didnt fix the problem
,Not Recommended,241560,21661212,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,㋐㋑㋒㋓㋔㋕㋖,"Купил игру, 70 часов, ДЛС WILD RUN мать его, после чего всё в жтой игре для меня потеряло смысл."
,Recommended,241560,16450811,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ARGO,Really fun game. I think its release date just had bad timing.
,Recommended,241560,30704269,Posted: 24 March,all,CAR1337,"The car inventory and the customizations are authentic. The map is very vast, and there's so much to explore."
76561198115565811,Recommended,241560,13973161,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,W1NGM4N,awesome
,Recommended,241560,29204132,Posted: 12 January,all,jamelip4,A fun racing game thats open world and tons of fun to drive around in with your crew or without.
,Recommended,241560,13731425,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Whippy,"Finished downloading this game on the 29th of December @ 12:30 amAt the time of writing this review (31st of December @ 5:21 pm) I have 31 hours already.This game needs a ""Life Stealing"" hazard.This game is Skyrim with Cars and People.0/10 - IGN10/10 - Whippy"
,Not Recommended,241560,28720530,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jesus,Car game has story. What is this Cars 2?
76561198103816429,Recommended,241560,29130784,Posted: 8 January,all,TheAGamer,I know the game world itself is empty (And by empty I mean it lacks players) but I honestly enjoy this game quite alot. Of course playing the game by yourself can prove to be boring. I guess what I'm trying to say is grab some friends if you want the experience to be more thrilling. Other then that I would give this game a 8.5/10.
,Not Recommended,241560,20734803,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Premiyum^~,Dont't f****** buy this game! you will only get scammed buy Ubisoft!
,Not Recommended,241560,20815976,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Barrage Morgan,"Bought this game, added the code to uplay [i do own the crew along with this wild run], launch it, everything is fine until i hit the contuine button, after that i get a black screen but it gets better i still have chat so please someone help me"
,Recommended,241560,14299719,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Deadmi102,Well if You have a laggy computer or your playing with minimum Um no dont buy it I CANT GET PAST THE FIRST MISSION . BUT YES BUY IT IF YOU HAVE ATLEAST 6 GB RAM IT WONT BE BAD PLAY IT BUY IT
,Recommended,241560,13457710,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,HELLAFLUSH,"21 hours in, The Crew gets a lot of bad hype from the playerbase.I'm not too sure why. The GRID-2 esque driving is a letdown, of course. But the open map, beautiful car models, and superb level of customization is something that has me getting back on every single day.Pros -Massive open worldDetail on the cars, though lack of working rearview mirrors annoys me.Halfway decent story (It's nothing special, but it's a nice change from your average G.I. Joe who kills everything with two legs and hair where there shouldn't be).The... Car... Putting itself together... Thing....Very good performance on my systemNative controller support (it's needed and will probably feel better than a wheel, but that's just a thought).Tires work like they do in real life. (That's right,  you'd better learn how to nudge around corners instead of drifting every single one).Cars actually feel different in every single way, from handling, to acceleration, to braking, whether it's 15mph in a Raptor or 145 in a raid spec Mustang.MMO Aspect - The game's MMO aspect is a dual blessing and curse, as situations like this arise.Driving down the road in a performance mod Ford Focus RS.Look up, a player is sitting on the shoulder of the road up ahead.I pull up next to a LaferrariEh, why not? I rev my engineHe revs his. 3 seconds later we shoot off.45 seconds later we reach my turn and I take it, pulling over.5 seconds later the Laferrari chugs up the road.He pauses his game and dissapears.Things like that can happen. Randomly. It's great, you feel like you're more than a tourist in a fast car with an ugly neck tat.Long races.LONG RACES.I've done races that lasted a full 2 1/2 hours.2 hours. 30 minutes. 90 minutes. 60 seconds x 90.I don't care what you're playing. What you're interested in. Where you're from.Or what year the game was made in.If you get to the end of a 2.5 hour race it is epic. No matter what.Non-restrictive racing GPS.In GTAV I had a problem - I memorized the city and it's routes. I knew shortcuts.They didn't help for♥♥♥♥♥♥in races with checkpoints every 30 seconds.In the crew, as long as you hit the next checkpoint (They're often 1-2 minutes away from eachother), you get credit.Want to cut that corner? No fear, the game won't punish you.Going down a hill road with a lot of turns, but there's a jump that can get you to the bottom in 3 seconds flat? As long as there's not a checkpoint on the hill road, the game won't punish you.Want to jump that hill to skip that hard turn? No problem, just watch out for the tree.Cons -May not run well on lower-end systems. (My computer is worth about 1300 dollars, and can run everything but anti-aliasing at it's max setttings, and even then, my GPU is mid-tier).MMO aspect - The MMO aspect to this game is a dual blessing and curse, as situations such as these arise.Players that park their car on challenge courses, speed and Slalom mainly - You have no choice but to miss your objective or hit the car head on at a generally breakneck speed.Players that invite you to co-op missions and leave when you start winning, not knowing if you win they still win - You just wasted your time and have nothing to show for it. Because some kid is butmad.GTA drivers - Kids that ram you every 30 seconds, trying to knock you out of your place because the idea of actually racing to race instead of (theoretically) wasting your thousands of dollar aftermods and paint job on some ninnie who's car is faster. But then again, kids these days haven't been praised for critical thinking.Useless E-brake - Oh yeah, rage all you want. I've yet to come to any hairpin where pumping or locking my main brakes briefly and using nitrous to straighten out didn't work. And I don't jump down to 20mph like I would popping an E brake turn.Car fanboys - I don't care that the GTR isn't right-side drive. It's a game. You want ""your"" GTR to be perfect, you go buy it.PvP - As an MMO player, I have to say one thing - Screw this PvP. There's no ladder or groupings of people of a simillar level. Once you hit level 10, expect to pvp against people with level 1000+ cars. I tried it once, left and only do co-op missions now. Until they can orgainize the PvP better, my suggestion is to stay away until you yourself have a ""min-maxed"" car.Limited (For the moment it seems) car selection -At the time of this review, an update has been added that added about 5 cars to the game free of charge. I hope we can expect more things like this, as it was a welcome change of pace from paying 10 dollars for 2 models of some Audi I'll never drive but only want because muh car collectionArcade-y driving - Yeah, it's like the Call of Duty of racing games. You'll live.TL;DRBuy it if you think you can run it. If you don't, don't waste your money. You'll need more than a half decent PC build (Entire PC build, not just a GPU. If you're running a pentium it doesn't matter what GPU you have, things are going to mess up).Don't upgrade your PC to high end status just for this game. It's not THAT great.Keep Steam online for updates to the game (they don't come from Uplay), otherwise you'll be harassed with error codes."
,Not Recommended,241560,13667266,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,^5prototip99,very short and bad storywild run $30?!!?!?!?!?!? it sucks without itjust dont buy this game it isnt goodwierd physicsonly 8 players are visible at a time....2/10
76561198028192767,Recommended,241560,14919770,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,hightower77,super fed bil spil
,Not Recommended,241560,15043384,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,HotshotHero,"While there is a lot of great points about this game, there are also a large number of grievances I have with things that keep it from being a great experience. I have put a lot of hours in this game, most of them good, some of them really bad, giving me alot to say about this game.The base game is pretty solid overall. There is always something to do, from missions, to police chases, skill challenges, exploration,daily, weekly, and monthly challenges, or even just driving around in a wide variety of cars, off-road and on road to pass the time. This can add up to countless hours of playtime. The difficulty can vary for every even, with the AI sometimes feeling to be a bit too rubber banded and sloppy, bumping into you or walls or traffic, then catching right back up like its nothing. It also seems like the AI cars don't have to worry about losing traction in rain or snow, making it difficult to compete with them at times. There are plenty of unlockable parts and customization options for each car. It does feel like there is a little something for everyone, from people who enjoy rally driving or street racing, even some circuit tracks, although the handling is not really set up for the most hard core races. There is no real performance tuning, just unlocking better performance parts and applying them to your car. But this does keep the game fun and loose, being able to swing cars around city corners without the game punishing me for letting the back end hang out.The game does look very pretty, although maybe not as beautiful as other games that put more attention to detail. The cars do look good, and the scenery can be breathtaking at times, and makes for a nice background while racing through cities or crossing desert highways. There is a full day night cycle, as well as weather affects like rain or snow in the mountains. This does give the game a chance to look very pretty, along with the amazing scenery of a scaled down version of the United States. It is slightly annoying that you have no control over them, such as it raining when you are trying to test a car on a track, or it becoming night in an area that is very poorly lit and hard to see. But this can easily be dealt with by leaving to another location, or waiting for some time to pass.Player interaction can be a big part of this game, although for the most part you can try to ignore it if you chose. You will always be connected online to the game, and random player can join you in free drive whenever, which can lead to interesting interactions. You can do mission by yourself, or choose to invite other either at random or from Uplay friends. PVP is also pretty simplistic, putting you in a lobby with other players where you select the game mode, track, and vehicle spec, and one players chose is randomly picked for everyone to play. You will receive a pretty good sized reward of credits, exp, and faction points just for playing, but the better you do, the bigger the reward. You can also move up ranks, but those are mostly just for bragging rights. On the larger scale of online interactions, you have factions, where every player picks a team and builds up their teams points over the course of a month through PVP and faction missions. The more points you help your team earn, the bigger daily credit reward you get. At the end of the month, the faction with the most point unlocks special events that give out larger credit rewards, so its good to do though. Although for the most part, on PC, I have really only ever seen the starting faction win most months, so it doesn't seem like too many people are interesting in changing factions, since there is no real point to changing or competing with other factions.The Wild Run DLC is pretty enjoyable. The new vehicle modes, Monster, Drift, and Drag add new experiences to the game, although I wish they were easier to receive. You can either pay a large chunk of money to modify one car, or spend countless hours doing summit events to build up to one. They are also available as a reward for ranking in the summit, but they are only completed every few days, and there is no guaranty you will get what you want. But the game play of the summit events is enjoyable. The monster truck arenas are fun and different, and can be visited outside of the events. Drift cars feel sweet to slide around in, and the drag events feel challenging to try to beat your best time over and over again, but it is simple enough that is very fun to keep doing. The addition of more attention to competing on a global stage is also a good touch. You can see how you rank and either just get a good judge of your skill level, or continue competing to see if you can better yourself and move up the leader board, making the game more re-playable.The Calling All Units DLC is where most of the flaws really show. It adds the ability to play as a police chaser, busting street racers and buying new cars that look interesting with police decals and lights, but that is really the only nice new thing added. The PVP aspect feels uneven. There is no call for runners and chasers to bring the same car, so a chaser can easily catch up to a runner and stick with them with ease if they bring a circuit car while the runner has a street car. As well, the runner cannot switch cars, where the chaser can, so if the runner has to begin off road in a Raid car and then is trapped on a highway bridge, the chaser can easily switch to something faster on the streets and catch them. Then there are the power ups, which feel completely out of place for the gameplay. They feel far to powerful, being able to blind your chaser for a few seconds, or force a runner to steer completely to the side while driving at 150+mph, often throwing them into a dead stop at a wall, or miles off the rode on a turn. It feels far to cheap and easy, especially since they happen with no warning at all to either driver to try to prepare or counter each other, removing some of the skill aspect. There can also be team mates on both sides, but friendly runners often don't feel like they have much to offer other than more power up uses. They can sometimes get in your way, and there is no way to kick them. As well, if you are constantly being bullied by the same chaser that is constantly joining your game every time you restart, it is difficult to get away from them without having to leave to some other menu or exiting part of the game. Even other players are not in the game with you, the chases can range from enjoyable to frustrating very quickly. While dodging roadblocks and outrunning the cops is fun and exciting, the NPCs can become far too aggressive sometimes, ruining the experience. They can quickly rubber band to you and surround you, and it feels like no matter how hard I ram them, they don't budge, and they can toss you about the road with ease. They will also sometimes stick to you like glue. When you slam on the brakes to try to take a sharp turn, instead of them being caught by surprise, they slow down right beside to you and stay with you no matter what. Even on snowy roads or in the rain, while I try to deal with some loss of traction, they move as if the laws of physics don't apply to them and they can do whatever they want. The whole aspect of the Calling All Units DLC feels very poorly put together, like it was not playtested at all and just released for a profit with many parts feeling broken.Until all of these issues are fixed, or at least acknowledged that they might try to fix them, I can not recommend this game unless you are willing to forgive all of these things. I've spent a lot of hours playing this game, most of them great, but the parts that are bad are just really bad. It is a one of a kind game that has its moments and can bring hours of enjoyment, but I feel that it does not live up to its full potential and can be absurdly frustrating at times."
76561198354142448,Recommended,241560,34742205,Posted: 4 September,all,barnsleyben2006,The Crew calling all units is one of if not the best game i have ever played. the missions are fun to do and there's a story about the character Alex. One of the things i like about this game is that you can have a inside view of the car which was quite important to me.I can only see 2 problem with this game (these should not stop you buying this game though) the first problem is ot is a really expensive game because you have to buy a lot of parts to this game however the main two parts (The Crew And Calling All Units) is all you need to really buy.The other problem is that you can not sell your cars so you buy a horrible cheap car you are stuck with it.
76561198160731715,Recommended,241560,34854133,Posted: 9 September,all,[CVLV] Botoo007,Good game
,Not Recommended,241560,24041451,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Duke Silver,"The game doesn’t feel like what it was advertised for. For sure it’s definitely an open world game but bogged down by the constant mission notifications and the lousy campaign. The graphics are all pretty decent but in no ways does the game actually feel realistic in terms of the maneuverability of the vehicle. Also, the game has to be run in online mode at all times can be quite annoying. The map, as I had previously heard was going to be a large real life map of the U.S., concentrates on solely large cities in the U.S. and fills up the surrounding areas with generic scenery. Refunded,"
,Not Recommended,241560,19468432,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Mute,"Have not been able to connect to friends online in this game, despite going through every process that was recommended by the support team. This game is far from being MMO, and I cannot recommend this title knowing what you'll have to go through to eventually be told nothing helpful."
76561198118836720,Recommended,241560,35254116,Posted: 27 September,all,Wungus,Put toooooooo much time into it buts its ok i guess
,Not Recommended,241560,32084372,Posted: 31 May,all,sveve,So it dont work vith my steering wheel any more is that ok?
,Recommended,241560,26203775,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,srcr,I've bought the Wild Run edition a while ago.. I love the fast area you can drive in and all the different cars that are available.
76561198140311541,Not Recommended,241560,33342039,Posted: 7 July,all,Yami_Chin,The game itself looks great and I would love to play it. I just can't because the handling of the cars is complete and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have tried pretty much everything to get my car to not veer to the right every three seconds but nothing works.
76561198132898371,Not Recommended,241560,16821931,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,[HKG] pangkinglim,Can't even play after using Win 10! Just do NOTTTTT buy it for Win 10 users! Will change my comment if problem is solved.
76561198090620781,Not Recommended,241560,17906605,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Fanqie Jiang,"Bought the game when it came out and i randomly would freeze so i quit for a while, came back to the game about a year later and still freezing so no i do not reccomend this game. Also i have a good pc i could run the game everything high on 60 FPS but for no reason it would just freeze."
,Not Recommended,241560,33992651,Posted: 3 August,all,squishyboob,"One of the worst games I've ever played. Wish I could've gotten a refund because this game is honestly so bad I've removed it from my desktop. There's literally 0% car physics, and you need like a DLC for a police car to continue with the story. I wish I never bought this game."
76561198045422562,Recommended,241560,35116390,Posted: 21 September,all,drifttwo,very fun. the odd bug though. its fun with fast wiki.
,Not Recommended,241560,13205328,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Nexxus,"Changing my review of this, I orginally favoured it but Ihave bately played this since launch, the economy is all kinds of jacked up making earning money for new cars a total grindfest. Drives ok missions are ok.But felt like it was going to take ages to ever move off my starter car. Maybe thats diffrent today mind you but when I last played that wasnt the case."
,Recommended,241560,17079411,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Mikey,"Game is a lot of fun.  Its an ARCADE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! racing game but despite this I love it.  Had a blast easily doing missions with friends, taking road trips across the USA.  If you enjoy a casual racer with some RPG style depth to it with quests (missions) this is for you.  I prefer to do hot laps in Assetto corsa but when you in the mood to group up with friends and just have fun casually with a controller this game hits the spot.  The races in the campaign are a lot of fun but it's a shame they tried to make a serious story.  The campaign could have been amazing but it tries to be a gritty drama and just becomes laughably bad.  Don't get me wrong the actual racing and missions are fun but the story... Imagine 21 Jump street the movie trying to be serious and gritty instead of laughing at itself and having fun.Would give this game a B+, 8.5 out of 10, A solid eagle out of a chuck norris.PROS+Graphics are good+Sounds+The map is huge... lots of varriety and well doneCons-Force feedback for wheels is just brokenly bad-Ai isn't the best-Campaign takes itself too seriously"
76561198130285552,Not Recommended,241560,13221001,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,kramer491,"launches game, rips hair out getting steering wheel to ""work"" figured it out to be greated with a car that wont slide but washes out in every turn if you try to slide at high speed. closes game, launches grid, smiles from ear to ear.  game has promise but ubi locked it away. more than likely wont play unless they update the handling. its sad that a ""next gen game"" has worse handling than a 2008 game"
76561198092708706,Not Recommended,241560,13220207,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ugly God,"easily the worst arcade racer i've played. I usually have a tolerance for racing games, but the only and i mean ONLY redeeming quality of this game is map size."
,Not Recommended,241560,13217325,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,NoodleCup.jpeg,It's quite good.BUT when I gonna level up to 25. connection lost and never get back to the game again.Thanks .
,Not Recommended,241560,13209577,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dr. Feelgood,"The final disappointing Ubisoft game for 2014. Had money ready to go from the moment I first heard of The Crew and have been eagerly awaiting its' release since.*Review updated slightly on 12/07/2014 as I finished the game, Level 50, 36 hours play-time, ~$11,000 in the bank.*PROS:+ Incredible environment. One of the best in any game.+ Awesome exploration opportunities with friends.+ Cars look amazing.CONS:- Customisation is nowhere as good as it was made out to be. Virtually no customisation for Raid or Circuit cars. No custom colour wheel, nor matte colours, and you can't change rim or sticker colours.- Money is a grind to lean you towards microtransactions. After 36 hours and only purchasing 4 cars, I have ~$11,000 to my name. The final Mission of the game rewards you with under $4,000. Most cars cost $200,000 to $1,000,000.- Awful catch-up/rubberbanding that can't be turned off.- Extremely repetitive races/Missions. Even the final Missions were exactly the same as every other Mission in the game, just with the usual different book-ended cinematics.- Missed opportunity for an amazing soundtrack.NEEDS:= All cars need to be customisable for every Class, with fleshed out customisation options.= A Custom Paint Editor like the Forza games.= To have been made by Reflections. Buy Driver: San Francisco instead."
76561198025405270,Recommended,241560,13677233,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,_______CHR1S_____,"sry for bad english :Pafter nearly 300 hours of playtime , i need to say this game isnt boring after this much hours or everthing else.And if i read most reviewsof this game ""bad review"" , i need to say wtf is wrong with this ppl?Maybe the AI is bugged and has some strange efect on the 1st place .The cops are ok , becauuz they are  not to easy and not to hard.and even the most ppl complain , this game is over in 40 hours , then i need to ask me .DO U NEED TO RUSH IN THIS GAME? no sry cant understand most of themIts totally a great game , even it has some bugs now .The Money is worth the game . Of course they need to make some fixes on some points .I can say in MY OPINION this game is worth the moneyafter Need for spped underground 2ITS THE BEST RACING GAME IN 10 YEARS FOR ME!!!!"
,Not Recommended,241560,13271258,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Lego Duplo,"Ubisoft gave me a hard kick in the balls for thinking i could play with my friends.Best 49,99eur i've ever spent..."
76561198134356029,Not Recommended,241560,13278317,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Surendonk,"This is horrible if you use key board and mouse. The missions are almost impossible because the car is hard to control and spins out randomly. So if you're like me, don't buy this game because it will be a huge blow. :("
,Not Recommended,241560,13353452,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,★ .::!~Vibe~!::.★,"Don't Buy this game, you will just regret it, This Game is Pure Bad, i wish i didn't waste my money on the Gold edition, I mean Jesus the graphics are super outdated to current standards and there is no steam achivements, instead you are forced to creat a Uplay Account in order to play the game and the achivements are there which makes no sense,Cons:- only 40 cars & Half of the cars are american- Really Bad Typical Story-Sluggish and Bad car phyics handling- rubberband Cops- there is Bronze, Silver and Gold parts upgrades which make it sometimes impossible to get the Gold    upgrade unless you retry the Event about more than 15 times at least- Uplay account is required to play- No Offline mode, you can't play this game when the servers are down- No weather effect- Limited customizations- Micro TransictionPros:- Large Map- alot of Challenges despite the fact alot can be hard to get the gold upgrade though- You can play with friends, but that's if you are lucky you got one, it's fun cruising around the map with themAll in All Avoid at all Costs if you are going to buy it at full price, especially with the Gold Edition, it's price not worth what it has, it's up to you if you want to though, but you might regret it, trust me, Forza Horizon 2 Beats this game Miles ahead Out of the Water, and i bought Horizon 2 at Full price which i didn't mind because it was a Perfect Arcade racer for me and has alot of things that the crew didn't have (whicvh i think that the crew should've included some of these features)"
76561198013443945,Not Recommended,241560,13225898,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,TheXshadoW,"ok lets see, this review is my own opinion and i dont care what others say.game is nice, aspects are good, the choices makes it pretty lovely and the idea is nicenow for the downsides.1- mechanics is bad2- the car handling sucks3- the over in everything they doexample: i know the cars are very strong and like that but whats the point in making the car spin while its accelerating at 120?!!!!!also the car starts to donut before the wheel starts spinning?! CMON?im not saying its a total bad game but 60% is ♥♥♥♥ing too much.my advice?buy need for speed hot persuit or rivals , i know it has way much less options than this game but atleast its fun to play."
76561198143415393,Recommended,241560,11913314,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,I LOVE YOU BMW,"дал игре 9/10 непорадовали физика авто,а остальное все отлично"
76561198007119923,Recommended,241560,13197770,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Suck MaDick,EXCELENT GAME :) 10/10 :D EPICK U WILL ENJOJ IT :)))
,Recommended,241560,13197295,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,.isse CSGOSpeed.com,BEST CAR GAME EVER
,Not Recommended,241560,25633312,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Jarkem,You have to buy the Wild Run in order to unlock the Drag racing Spec which is needed for Long Jumps skills. Therefore you cannot 100% with only the base game.Pathetic.
76561198116424883,Not Recommended,241560,13290405,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,xSMx Alex,The last ubisoft game i will ever buy. I will not support a company that releases consistent crap.
,Not Recommended,241560,25385642,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Joe Wuh-Puh,"Not going to review the game as such, but I am going to say its unplayable because it crashes every 5 minutes."
,Recommended,241560,13194865,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dragon Ranger,"coop working as intended, driving feel nice, 60 fps rocks !!! disconnected from server twice in my 7 hours of gameplay but still its a smooth launch. best racing coop game you can get"
,Recommended,241560,11874405,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,jon,Pretty fun. Prop physics are kind of off. I ran in to a post and i swear it went 56km.10/10
,Recommended,241560,13286651,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,-AtF- Kobe!,"There really isn't a purpose for animals in this game, the only thing they do is make the game look more real, I guess? That confuses me. The point is, the crash physics won't actually allow you to hit them. Other than that, the game is really great.The CPU generated cars drive like typical people would. 10/10"
,Recommended,241560,13201443,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Han Solo,you can drive cars!11/10
,Not Recommended,241560,24224097,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Vacationist,"Worse racing game ever. The AI is absolutely garbage, it's heavily scripted and cheat against you. When you're leading they will accelerate at 600+ KM/H just to overtake you, and then slow down to normal speed so you can repeat the process over and over again."
,Recommended,241560,13279315,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,☜☆Eliassoツ☆☞,I Really Like This Game ! I Hope U Guys Add More Ideas of racing !
76561198070855949,Not Recommended,241560,13277519,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,nemisis,"Tried a race where the car lays rubber in 4th gear at 130mph, cant keep the shiit on the road. Haven't these people drivin a car before. No car lays rubber in 4th gear in a straight line at 130mph on dry pavement. Forget getting on the gas out of a corner, cause it's gonna spin for about a mile and a half slip sliding all over the road. Try pedaling it to maintain control and the f ing AI blows by like your standing still... Got a G27 Racing wheel? Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself! You'll have better control with a gd key pad! Its worth $30 not 60... and F**K UPlay."
76561198064055333,Not Recommended,241560,30674595,Posted: 22 March,all,PiG_Be4sT,"I pre-orederd plus i bought season pass... but doesent give me wildrun or calling all units.... disapointig, also theres alot of glitches in this game, and when i say alot i mean ALOY"
,Not Recommended,241560,13971310,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Adr(ian) | Mashiro Shiina,what's the point of buying a game when theres only like 2000 people playing it? -_-
,Recommended,241560,25485650,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Trix,Really nice game :)
76561198127257035,Not Recommended,241560,13332909,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,SameoldG=VX9=,"Great game, fun to play I really enjoy it. To bad I can not play it cause something is wrong with Uplay. Please for the love of god if you sell your games on steam keep them on steam. Do make me have to open your crap program, Ubisoft. Almost a week that I can not play because Uplay will not work"
,Recommended,241560,13207190,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Rossco531,From only 2hrs of gameplay its clear it was designed for the use of a wheel and pedals setup
,Recommended,241560,13211010,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Emperor Solaris,the map is completely open and truely massive! you have literraly no limits to where you want to go inside the states!
,Recommended,241560,13523506,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Nhacamaster,"It's an ok game, nothing more, nothing less.I confess that i was expecting a lot more, but, i hope that with time Ubisoft will release some patches to correct the major flaws.There's much to improve, notably the game's A.I., the PVP system and mostly some aspects in handling (like overspin when you hit anything).But, then again, it's an ok game."
,Recommended,241560,26327567,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dunnshields,Game is lit everyone should try it out.
,Not Recommended,241560,26192218,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Rayne,"Never buying a ubisoft game ever again. i can log in to uplay on google but when i start the game my password is incorrect when it is dam well correct, steam wont even refund it, i only played 4 hours. if a game is unplayable because of the company that created it and its nothing on my end they should have to refund. its not steams fault.... anyway f*** ubisoft"
76561198139475189,Not Recommended,241560,28107769,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,steev,"I would recommend this game, but I am not buying any more DLC until they fix their ♥♥♥♥ing servers. They earn enough money they could upgrade every single server they have, but no. Sorry Ubisoft, but I am not buying anymore of your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Once you guys make it better, Ill change my ratings."
,Not Recommended,241560,19105569,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,TigerVXII,"I WANT MY MONEY BACK! This game is not at all as it is hyped to be. the story line suck. it takes forvever to get to the higher levels like, i just want to buy the car i want and buy the upgrades i want not first reach lvl 40 then buy the good parts. not worth the money plus i thought there would be many people online. for the past couple of hours that i have played not even a full day of gameplay. i hve never seen the amount of players it they have. every time i play there is only like 20 or less people and that is on a good day. on top of that even if you do find a person and try to be their friends they will just fast travel away somewhere else. this game sucks and they wont give me my money back. what a ♥♥♥♥ing waste."
76561198081914028,Not Recommended,241560,14523457,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hunkules? U Mean Motifa,"This has to be the worst ""racing"" game I have ever played.  It has a large yet unexciting map, physics worse than Need for Speed, and an extremely random and pointless storyline. And when I say a pointless storyline, I mean it, as the entire story is about taking over the U.S. (It's a good game for North Korea).  I cannot say much else about this game except that I despise of it and that I feel scammed, as the game is really worth about 20 dollars.  0/10 Would never want to whine over this game again!"
76561198124407355,Not Recommended,241560,30548336,Posted: 16 March,all,Cheeky Pyro Main,"not very gud i'd say it's a 24/69""ungood"""
,Not Recommended,241560,33623843,Posted: 17 July,all,<<--]<()()|_])e\/-->>,i bought the game and few hours of playing the game is asking more money to buy there stuff inorder to go further.. thts fckd up man.. why cant u notify this issue at the first time.. i jst wasted ma 10 euros.. i should have bought somethg on cs go wth tht money....
76561198215730077,Not Recommended,241560,23454726,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SomebodyonEarth,> Opens game> Lags so much> Crashes11/10 would crash again
76561198079675482,Not Recommended,241560,13301887,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,LordRomasona,"While this game was very much antisipated by myself and my friends alike we were all severely disapointed. This game is rated as a ""simulator"" and while you can run a triple monitor surround with a stearing wheel (mine is the G27) with flawless rotation and actuation time from the game to the wheel there were several, and I mean several issues that I had hoped Ubisoft could have fixed because its not very difficult to fix but they are again just being lazy.First off it doesn't seem to matter however you tilt my wheel to barely make a turn while letting off the gas the game refuses to understand basic physics, if I tap a car that I am passing you have a chance to get randomly thrown about 50ft and turned around or flipped in a wreck setting you back about 6seconds if you get the wreck cut screen, or depending on how bad it throws you 3-10 seconds.Second, if you are driving a Raid vehicle (one designed for extensive offroad use) you can tap a small rock and while in real life even a four wheeler could easily go over this rock without any problems your high performance off road beast gets thrown around like a piece of paper in a air cannon.Third, the game itself isn't consistant with what it tells you that your getting upgrades on. On my Zr1 Corvette set up for circuit I can be running 220+ miles per hour and turn my wheel and start drifting into a wall which then flings me 50ft (as stated before). I go out and find a mini game get a tire upgrade and kept playing until I got a tire upgrade with a grip upgrade in a gold metal (so I should have better grip with better tires now right?) Wrong. So very wrong. While I had the chance to go to Daytona Beach and drive a NASCAR through their training course you can pay for a day of training and drive with a co-driver, I was driving at 150mph. While driving my Corvette (after my tire upgrade) I hit the circuit and couldn't seem to keep a measely 200 mph when before I was easily holding 200 consitantly.Fourth, this is a very minor gripe but a gripe none the less, while playing this game Ubisoft has put ""Gold Metal Cars"" in during the mini game challenges while driving along the road. While I can be in front of this so called ""Gold Metal Car"" and have a perfect score when time runs out I will complete it with a silver metal. What the f**k?Though there is a few good points in the game, most of the stats for the cars (stock anyway) are pretty close to accurate in real life, and while the game doesn't give you a good perspective of how fast you are driving the acceleration is almost on point with most of the real life cars as well. Given that some cars are way off on their acceleration... (for a game that says its a simulation...)This game could have been perfect... but then agian so could most of Ubisofts games that they refuse to do because every game that comes out has to be  ""cenimamatic"" and 60fps ""you cant see with your eyes anyway"" yet you talk to anyone who messes with computers enough and they can tell you that they cant go any lower than 30fps even on just looking at the internet. I myself cant hardly watch movies in 30fps because it bugs my eyes. So everyone do yourself a favor and don't buy this. Get yourself a Xbox immulator download (yes you can get those) and buy forza horizon if our looking for a racing game."
,Not Recommended,241560,13312851,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,loljessee,"I really want to like this game. Seeing as I paid $59.99 for it. /sighThere seems to be an empty feeling to this game. I've been playing everything solo and it's alright I guess. Was looking forward to 'running' into other drivers.I was hoping I could actually 'tune' my car somewhat like nfs u2.In this game all the parts you unlock simply get installed after beating a mission/race. I was hoping to take the car to shop and maybe purchase the parts myself.Eh, it's not what I thought it would be but I'll still stick around. The races are fun even if it's just with the freaking AI.Not worth the 59.99 imo."
76561198062416221,Not Recommended,241560,13302276,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,ＳＡＮＴＩ,"Worst piece of bullcrap i've ever seen. It's not even worth a potatoe.Ubisoft, disappointing everyone as always."
,Not Recommended,241560,13325076,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,TechnicalGamerz,"3 major problems they need to fix, which without them makes the game unless1) Xbox 360 controller support is♥♥♥♥♥♥I had to custom map all of the buttons on my wired xbox 360 controller to be able to use it, since it doesnt recognize the controler itself.. and since it doesnt recognize it, the steering is VERY touchy. very close to being unplayable2) Uplay connectivity ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tFeel like playing for more than a 30 minute session? to bad! you will lose connection to the Uplay server every 30    minutes, if you are lucky to survive a 15 minute session3) Game crash galoreDid you accidently pull the cord on your controller, then bye bye The Crew, because it causes the came to crash. which makes complete sense (sarcasm)If they fix the bugs, then sure. its a nice game. Until then, i want my $60 back."
76561198321469146,Recommended,241560,25383710,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,HUNTERnorge,BEST GAME
,Not Recommended,241560,30083044,Posted: 21 February,all,CPY,"Greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, letting other people play for free while I had to even buy wild run. Also they ♥♥♥♥ed up FPS and de-optimized this game."
,Recommended,241560,25569208,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Gromzie,cool better than APB Reloaded
,Recommended,241560,13254475,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Rokirtech™,i played the Beta and the story is liniar.but the driving Legit.
76561198080223980,Recommended,241560,13216304,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Alegzzanda,ПЕРВЫЙ РУССКИЙ КОМЕНТ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DDD
,Recommended,241560,13239997,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ronys2,"Probably one of the better Ubisoft releases yet as far as bugs and server connections go. But as per all Ubisoft games now you need an Uplay account (3rd party DRM). This isn't by any means a simulator racing type of game, it's more of an arcade racing game. Huge open world and plenty of Stuff to do. There's the main story missions, faction races, PVP, and skill missions that build up your cars level and unlock parts for the vehicle you complete the mission with. Co-op works well although its easy to buddy fook your team mates if you run in to them during the races. All the skill missions have global leader boards which allow you to attempt to take over the world record, which adds replay ability. I must have replayed an escape mission in the sand dunes 20-30 time trying to find the best route through the dunes to achieve a top 10 position. The driving in the game feels good, but takes a little bit to get use to the e-brake and drift capabilities on each vehicle. The cars most definitely feel and perform better at higher levels, with a ton of customizability. Vehicles heal themselves visually over a short period of time, but there is an overall health of the vehicle that gets reduced when you have severe wreaks which after so many you will need to head back to a HQ garage to repair up, or use the mobile mechanic to repair at an elevated price. Getting the cops mad can be fun, and a wanted level of 5 stars makes for an interesting escape. Police can mess you up if you make mistakes while attempting to escape (but all you do is pay a fine). Overall the game is very enjoyable and a great play. There's a vehicle for every type of car enthusiast.I give it 7.5/10 Pre DLC."
76561198097596563,Recommended,241560,13195708,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,PEDOSLOTH071299,"Hell of a game< honestly thought ubisoft would screw this up like Watchdogs so thank god its good but becuse its ubisoft of course there would be bugs, biggest bug was the fact there are ♥♥♥♥ing invisible walls and jumps thus making racing or even exploring a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Normally i never preorder a game or even buy a ubisoft made game but this was great seriously support them so there would be a prologue. Also save your uplay points to get the dodge viper its a great car."
,Recommended,241560,13525207,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,dmS,"Gostei muito !!!Mas precisa de mais customização, Carros, Missões modo Historia, Drift entre outras coisas ....Fora isso o jogo está perfeito !!!"
76561198126860305,Not Recommended,241560,13618250,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Rezo,"Do not spend your money in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of game, the graphics are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I can t even pass de 2nd mission because they want you to cross the hole city in 1.20 minutes and thats impossible and also they give you a car that is a COMPLETE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T to pass that ♥♥♥♥ing mission you need a ♥♥♥♥ing airplane the time they give you to complete the mission is a♥♥♥♥♥♥i prefer not to play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T game if it would be a way to recover my money i ll recover it but no i buy  this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T of game, so if you don t wanna burn your money do not buy this STUPID game i doesn t worth it"
76561198093516240,Not Recommended,241560,13571498,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Wibbly-Wobbly,"easily could have been much better. the story felt recycled like every other racing game, the only saving grace of the game is the huge map i think more open world games should take off of this. the handling in game is terrible and pvp lobbys are unbalanced. another thing is missions depend on your car level if your car isnt the proper level no matter how good you race your gonna lose. and theres microtransactions overall i give it a 5.5/10"
76561198156189962,Recommended,241560,13615569,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,EGGNOG9000,"every time i start the game,it will give me a windows error"
,Recommended,241560,13210561,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,JDS_mirai,"Ok heres my Review on The Crew.I'll start with networking in this game, as it is a huge issue! For something billed as an MMO... half the time I can't even group up with friends because of some issue with the network. The actual MMO is really a Peer to Peer crap so you only see a handful of players in your session, if even that... half the time as well there my sessions were empty. It's labelled an MMO but I think they decieved alot of people here...Graphics are a hit and miss, sometimes beautiful and gorgeous but most of the time its ugly and bland in other places. Textures were pretty muddy and looked rushed alot. But I love the little details like when you see helicopters flying overhead, and planes/jets whizzing by, it makes you feel immersed in the world, even if it did look like♥♥♥♥♥♥half the time.Gameplay is good.... the map is massive and probably the largest I've seen to date, and easiest the major selling point of the game. You feel like you really are in the USA. Lots of variety of biomes, from snow to desert, forest, urban... beaches... industrial... and just a mindboggling amount of things to see, it really felt like I never saw the same prop or location twice if you know what I mean...  The driving and handling, was servicable as its an arcade racer, so nothing  really here that makes it stand out. It did remind me of NFS Underground though.Story-wise is run of the mill Fast and the Furious movie plot, but it was entertaining for the most part... and at times I really did feel like Brian O'Connor (RIP). But I did started yawning myself to sleep towards the end though....Audio is probably the best element of the game. Best Turbo spool sound EVER in a game. The V8's also sound lumpy and powerful like I expected. Tyres screeching, dirt  flinging around... ambient sounds are great too. I left the music off so I can't comment on the tracks. Voice actors were generally good also, and I did like some of the banter between the actors and some jokes they made especially that of the main.Lastly, and probably my biggest gripe. If you are a fan of Japanese cars or imports you are so out of luck here.The Crew comes only with the Nissan R34 Skyline GTR and the 370Z, which will probably be a huge deal breaker and F*CK U  to 90% of the car enthusiast community. Everything else is probably a mix between American muscle and European Exotics. It's solely because of this that I will probably not recommended this game. What good is a driving game that the cars you drive you don't enjoy driving? Wheres the AE86 or Supra? Where's the RX7 and RX8? Where's the Silvia's? The WRX/EVO? The Civic/Integra/NSX?In the end, I will probably give it a 6/10.... taking 2 points off for the mentioned lack of JDM cars. This is a big issue to me, but may not be for some others.Also if you are against microtransactions and DLCs, take off another point or two. Its all here, as expected from an Ubisoft published game. Money is obviously designed to be hard to make in this game, to pave the way for the buying of credits with real money... yeah its pay to play guys. You can finish they game and hardly have enough to even buy that 1 million dollar hummer... without grinding some more for eternity before you just give up and open your wallet....If you can look past those issues then its a solid game worthy of a look, especially since there aren't many open world racers on the PC these days.Edit: Ok I bumped up another point to a total 6/10.. due to I think I am a little unfair in my review.... and it is a fun game! Just not what I expected as an 'MMO', network problems, and due to the  lack of cars aspect of my review... but after playing a little more I think it does genuinely deserves a thumbs up... but only just..."
,Not Recommended,241560,13336181,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,MiDeKo,"Over-hyped, over-priced, over-rated.Customization is disappointing, game is repetative, radio stations have only a few songs, story is unimaginative.Way to go Ubisoft"
76561198131710272,Not Recommended,241560,14121762,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,EliteDeadSeven,"Damn I failed to read the comment on this game everything about this game s mmo you start with low class stuff but who want to drive into walls and deal with OP boss car battles just for a better part, hell at least make the cars drive stock, there is no way a car now a days has bad tracktion or horrible handling, I dont think ill get a refund for this title. wasted time and money. Racing dreams crushed."
,Recommended,241560,13256013,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Warlord,10/10 Server of the Century  Stability lvl 9000+really good gameplay but I don't recommend it yetYou should buy it after they solve all problems
76561198303531855,Not Recommended,241560,23503894,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,mjguna84,i cannot play the crew game. Its stopped working. Please help me.
76561198033878096,Recommended,241560,13467748,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Goregasm,"Excellent game, nothing else quite like it. It does however have it's faults, or should I say, it's lacking things you would expect like more thorough customization i.e. gear turning etc. It also needs to allow you to create your own races by setting waypoints and inviting your friends. A few other issues are there, such as the Koenigsegg (the most expensive car) not going as fast as advertised and only having fullstock and Perf! What is that?! It should be circuit at least. Either way, it's a must have if you enjoy driving games. Hopefully they remedy these issues in the future."
76561198130558743,Not Recommended,241560,33157888,Posted: 2 July,all,SpecterOne,boring and bad handling
76561198193771583,Not Recommended,241560,33212702,Posted: 3 July,all,Chromosome man,This game suks you legit need a controller to play it or else its litterally useless to buy awful
76561198015130560,Recommended,241560,13220566,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Xela,gg
,Not Recommended,241560,25776598,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Redneck,"-Fix fps=game stuttering. With and without v-sync. In 30 and 60 fps.-Ubisoft optimization= 0-Bad car physic, funny collision model.-Bad Xbox 360 controller gameplay+Ultra and high detail is not ugly. (To High settings: minimum i5, 8GB RAM, SSD -there will be problems and fps drops)+Big mapDONT BUY!!! Wasted Money!"
,Not Recommended,241560,18474732,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,« POLARICA »,Nice game but the cars Physix is totally fail
,Recommended,241560,22872033,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,MrMeister,This game was great to play so time could pass until GTA 5 came out.
,Recommended,241560,24949721,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,goud,Best car-game ever! Love the graphics :D
76561198296119050,Recommended,241560,34018743,Posted: 4 August,all,NeverStopEatingPie (RL Trading),"Let me get this straight, you want me to tell you a review about this game? Whoever you are, you might as well go to the curators, because if you've come for a review on this game, you've come to the wrong place. However, if you have come for an outstanding chocolate chip cookie recipe, you've come to the right place.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Ingredients1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter3/4 cup packed dark brown sugar3/4 cup sugar2 large eggs1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract1 (12-ounce) bag semisweet chocolate chips, or chunks2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour3/4 teaspoon baking soda1 teaspoon fine saltDirections1. Evenly position 2 racks in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. (on convection setting if you have it.) Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone sheets. (If you only have 1 baking sheet, let it cool completely between batches.)2. Put the butter in a microwave safe bowl, cover and microwave on medium power until melted. (Alternatively melt in a small saucepan.) Cool slightly. Whisk the sugars, eggs, butter and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth.3. Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt in another bowl. Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients with a wooden spoon; take care not to over mix. Stir in the chocolate chips or chunks.4. Scoop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto the prepared pans. Wet hands slightly and roll the dough into balls. Space the cookies about 2-inches apart on the pans. Bake, until golden, but still soft in the center, 12 to 16 minutes, depending on how chewy or crunchy you like your cookies. Transfer hot cookies with a spatula to a rack to cool. Serve.5. Store cookies in a tightly sealed container for up to 5 days.For a Rocky Road Bar:1. Lightly butter a 9 by 13-inch baking pan. Make the batter as per cookie recipe and fold in 1 cup chopped walnuts along with the chocolate chips. Spread batter in prepared pan. Bake until the edges are light brown and the batter sets, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly and cover surface with 4 cups marshmallows and 1 cup chocolate chips. Broil at least 8 inches from the heat until marshmallows turn golden brown, about 2 minutes. (Keep an eye on the marshmallows, and turn the pan frequently--they go from golden to char in a wink.) Cool, cut and serve."
76561198052214710,Not Recommended,241560,17105126,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,johnny_m_j,"They've created a huge, beautiful world for this game, but it doesn't matter...Missions are so repetitive that you get bored quickly. They're fueled by a predictible story with absolutley no surpsices.Challenges... Odd word, at least for some of them. That goes especially for the jump challenges. Get speed, hit the ramp, and fly as far as possible. Win if you have a good car, else come back when you do. Zero skills involved.Races... Quite a lot of races where you drive provided cars, meaning having a full garage don't mean anything at all here.AI... The worst part of it all. You can be a terrible driver, and lose a race just by less than a second. Retry, drive absolutely perfectly, and when you win, the second car is less than a second behind you. It doesn't make sense at all.I heard the game had gotten far better since release, so I picked it up at sale (july 2015). Frankly, I see no difference at all, compared to the beta, which I participated in.Other games lack this huge, great world. But other games have far better gameplay. This one is a waste of money."
76561197967546023,Not Recommended,241560,16563842,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mattzilla,"They promised car customizing like no other game has ever seen.  I buy a car and there are no options to change.  One car had many options, however they all pretty much looked the exact same.Racing is fun, however like others have said, the AI is crazy hard.Pretty much all I did after finding out that the game has barely any customizing options, and racing was to crazy, I just free roamed and did the jump challenges.I've got 10 hours on this game... That's how fast this game got annoying and boring."
,Recommended,241560,13856690,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,local dog gets LOTS of bellyrubs,"After putting 30+ hours into this game, I can honestly say it's pretty good. The only thing that I have to say about it is that the story is kind of cheesy. Other than that, it's fun to explore, it's fun to race and joy ride with friends, and overall i'd give it a 8.5/10."
,Not Recommended,241560,14974243,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Kaffe,♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU THE GAME QUALITY IS SO DUMD A POST CAME UP IN MY FACE WHEN I WAS DRIVING A GOOD CAR. this game should be free :C
76561198116901190,Recommended,241560,13216608,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,mataneliya2,perfect racing game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198119746291,Not Recommended,241560,29249171,Posted: 14 January,all,[S37K]SmallPawsONE,pooooooooooooooop
76561198029207370,Recommended,241560,13224438,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,allu,"i hav enjoyed this game alot, nice car list, smooth gameplay, very beautiful game, seems abit of a grid but it is an mmo, map is huge 7/10"
76561198145074396,Not Recommended,241560,18473829,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,nandi,"stupid story, ugly cities. runs for me only in demo mode"
76561198030807345,Recommended,241560,13216913,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,VLADIMPALER,"WAIT WAIT HOLD UP.................. so i got the game, car graphics are not bad, its not grand tourismo, cars are purely arcade, but thats ok. It is alittle NFS-like, not bad. I love that it has a cockpit view.BUT........................... CON= the ""Streets"" in the game are all made up, they just slapped a city name and thats all. went to several cities look NOTHING like their namesakes.Also the customization of cars suppppppppppper lacking. you cant ""drop"" your car etc. it does give you option but not detailed enough. skins [stickers] for cars cannot be recolored. you stuck with what ever color it is.it is a nice game. just feels a little dated."
,Recommended,241560,27983028,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,adammifsud1,The Crew: The Racing Game you won't get bored of.Pros:Great Map/Open World.Large Car List.Detailed Open World.
76561198076173450,Not Recommended,241560,17539426,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,BANDICAM,game sucks massive♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241560,13562911,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ya_soldat,"for ya'll street racing enthusiast out there, this is your virtual playground in which we can't do in real life eyyy lmao."
,Not Recommended,241560,25683779,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Divinedpk,Fun game but ubisoft's♥♥♥♥♥♥support makes it cancer and playing with a DS4 controller is cancer
76561198095488062,Not Recommended,241560,28434203,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Apex,This game is very buggy and the controls are very bad. Dont waste your money.
76561198264066694,Not Recommended,241560,30751071,Posted: 26 March,all,☣☣☣ MORPHEUS ☣☣☣,Not working
,Recommended,241560,33572330,Posted: 15 July,all,Jimmy,Great game.You will need a steer gear. I have a G29 with seperate clutch!
76561198021719808,Not Recommended,241560,15039803,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,JDK,Internet Backgammon has better multiplayerImpressive 10/10
,Not Recommended,241560,22786668,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Sercrator,cant get out of the trial version...bought the complete edition
,Not Recommended,241560,29812358,Posted: 9 February,all,*Stick*,Sadly the best racing game......
,Not Recommended,241560,28277915,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Simppa,"THIS GAME, TOOK MY ♥♥♥♥ING 20€ WORTH DLC AWAY FROM ME AND WANTS ME TO BUY ""CALLING ALL UNITS"" FOR ♥♥♥♥ING 25€ TO GET WILD RUN DLC STUFF, WHICH I HAVE ALREADY BOUGHT!Otherwise, unrealistic♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you want realistic open world street racing, buy Forza Horizon 3, it doesn't have motorcycles, but that's only thing this game is good."
76561198111417848,Not Recommended,241560,13322969,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Insane iVtec,uplay nuff said...
76561198079120164,Not Recommended,241560,23671675,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Masterpants,If you dont own the DLC you get into an weird demo modus of the DLC eventhough you have payed good buck for the game. I probably won't buy a new ubisoft game again.
,Not Recommended,241560,23689508,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,spedkid69,i got this along time ago i tried starting it it said it has stopped working. i very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off right now.
76561198180552947,Not Recommended,241560,20983771,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,[THOMAS THE DANK ENGINE],"This game is okay, but if you have the same problem as me......DONT SUE ME"
,Recommended,241560,13798605,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Zand3rs,Very funny and stable game.It is a bit arkadish but thats fine for the type of game.I would recomend this game to anyone.have fun!
,Not Recommended,241560,18460146,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,BuvelleZz,♥♥♥♥♥game product keys dont work wasnt aware it was a ubisoft game there support tickets take forever to work and they dont even anwser questions
,Recommended,241560,13198399,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,sztifiiii,Good (Y)
,Recommended,241560,13195704,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,AveragePixel,YES
,Recommended,241560,13195844,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Bane,A racing game with a good story to it !!!10/10
76561198308363018,Not Recommended,241560,23668727,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,leonardk,"The Game is a tipical example for pay to win games.you have to pa money for ""buck"" and new cars. this is not okay.for 29.99$ i can buy bettery games loike drivers club, tdu or what erver.the second thing is taht the game is soooooooo dificult to dificult for normal players.i need 50 houers for one mission. the game is very bad.you need ervery time aa internet conectionthe positive things arethat the map are very big and the graphi ia okayPlease DONT BUY THIS GAME"
76561198040667036,Not Recommended,241560,13320978,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,antkarahan,server error server unavailable you can't play the game ubisoft service is poor
,Recommended,241560,11935237,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Alymon,"It's fun. It's very much like Test Drive Unlimited but with a bit more variety and better graphics. If you liked TDU, you'd probably like The Crew.Customization seems pretty varied. You can choose from a handful of physical modifications to each section of the car (such as bumpers, hoods, etc).  Performance mods are generic, randomized parts that you earn through winning events and seem to only have a level number to indicate how it compares to other parts.Overall it was a fun experience and I'm looking forward to the full release.  However, I question whether it is strong enough to warrant the $60 price tag. I was looking for more of a focus on having a crew.  I may have missed it, but it just didn't feel as developed in that area as TDU2 did."
,Not Recommended,241560,24415046,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DriftMachine,"Can't play because Uplay says I dont own the game, but I clearly remember paying for it.Its in my Steam Library. Too late to ask for a refund."
76561198035255052,Recommended,241560,13648645,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Belsj,"I love this game, the open world is awesome.PvP is a little bit sucky atm (27/12/2014) but i hope it will improve in the next patch.Graphics are also awesome."
76561198193169673,Not Recommended,241560,30737450,Posted: 25 March,all,Aik_Peklan,game  not wroking  ................................. pls   fix   valve
76561198021397424,Not Recommended,241560,29975022,Posted: 16 February,all,Glitch,"5 hours in and the game no longer starts i have tried all fixes with no luck and unable to refund since im over the 2 hours allowed. Apart from that the game seemed fun i was enjoying it, to bad its broken. $53.45 down the drain."
,Not Recommended,241560,30263187,Posted: 1 March,all,✠Puncake✠,"Wheel support for logitech is♥♥♥♥♥♥Either than that, a descent game."
,Not Recommended,241560,28253402,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Astolfo,Need for speed series is better
,Not Recommended,241560,23891939,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,⋆ villelele,"Play 2 hours, and you have to buy DLC, Waste of 30€, So its not worth to buy.."
76561197998121998,Recommended,241560,17921123,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,CEMEPEE,The game was just ok for me. I was so use to Need for Speed games where you win races get money upgrade car. This is totally diffrent. It trys to be a MMO but to me just falls flat. Had fun with the game though while the story mode lasted...so Ill give it a thumbs up.P.S. UPlay still sucks....
,Recommended,241560,19173857,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,√√Velad(Like a boss),You can enjoy alot if buy :)
,Recommended,241560,24966726,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Rocky,Pros:Great customizationGood GraphicsWeatherVehicle soundsPvp and faction missionsWild run (too expensive tho)BikesAlot of different car specsMassive mapCons:Bad storyKinda meaningless until you get to level 50A little bit of lack of bikesBad physicsNot enough things to do without Wild Run DLCWild run dlc is too expensiveDoesn't support gtx 10707/10Really fun if you enjoy arcade racing games
76561198065959204,Recommended,241560,18474888,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Doggo,Saw the main character's brother get shot. Proceeded to race to find the guy that killed him.10/10 would see brother get shot again.
76561198225951092,Recommended,241560,19167324,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Settled pillow997,Massively massive.The game is so big with a quick multiplayer but there is no right communication with other players and game physics is some what stretched out
76561198241416464,Recommended,241560,21086075,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ACE,love it so much fun!!
,Recommended,241560,22200834,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Phoenix AI | Idle-Empire.com,"Whats with all the hate for this game?This game is awesome. One of the best racing games ive played. I can give many reasons to buy this game.Lots of carsDrag racingUplay RewardsI can give 47 more reasons, but that would take long."
,Recommended,241560,22817736,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Baconchomper,good
76561198158282946,Recommended,241560,23684212,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Jax Teller,the game wont start when i launch it. it just says the crew wild run has stopped...
76561198121068534,Recommended,241560,19127283,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,֎Ш2♠Ð2֍,Storyline is crap but nice racing game to play in 2014-15.
,Recommended,241560,25606259,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,AGİLAR,güzel
76561198073747035,Recommended,241560,18654559,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,LOV,This game is worth your money depending on your pc ok so if you have a good pc this game has a fun and good grapics if you think this game is like gta its not. If your the person who likes to get out of you're car and shoot people then this is not for you.warning if you have a pc like a mac or something that can't handle open big world games then don't buy it you will get around 11-6 fps and you won't have a great time becuase you are always laggy
,Recommended,241560,21040111,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Zerthyam,"Man, this is not what I expected on how Half Life 3 was going to look..."
76561197977577352,Recommended,241560,23678717,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Kit Karamak,My 15 (now 16) year old son lives on this game.  He has put 60 hours into it thusfar.  It's time to buy it for his account.  >__<
,Not Recommended,241560,29375544,Posted: 20 January,all,Erfajer,Alright. The original game ONLY!Its short.Better?
76561198047030747,Recommended,241560,18501224,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,幸平 創真 Yukihira Sōma,`
,Recommended,241560,22039442,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Jake,I thought it was alright i guess
,Not Recommended,241560,19166808,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Pill Collins,After the latest patch I was very satisfied with the amount of space I regained on my hard drive after deleting the entire thing.
76561198048239587,Not Recommended,241560,26706566,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Cryptic Jester,"Fee to pay, nothing else needs to be said. Grinding multiplayer for money is no fun, and there is no way to redo the career story which was actually kind of fun in parts. Not recommended at all."
76561198018715519,Not Recommended,241560,17937259,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Decent,"This game is NOT enjoyable, the driving is terrible, the camera makes it worse."
76561197960353108,Recommended,241560,14174540,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lame Cyber Zombie,Fantastic MMO with a twist. Reminds me of Motor City Online wthout a trading system.
,Not Recommended,241560,15136107,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Fire_Bon,the game is so bad u keep lossing connection with the severu can't play the gameu can't find some 1 to run withit suck
,Recommended,241560,17053888,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Hróðólfr,"I have now played alot of this game has have achieved some great cars and I have really been enjoying it,Some pros of this game are it is always fun mucking around and just drivingGreat game to play with friends and doing long roadtripsI cant really think of any Cons apart that I dont get very good frames10/10 For thier being Lamoghinis"
76561198000342758,Not Recommended,241560,16615412,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ļeroy jenkins,"UPDATE TO ADD VIDEOSUPDATE 5/6/15 now I get cops chasing me when I have no wanted level and cant seem to get a wanted level anymore. see in the videos below.Got this for the MMO factor expecting to see many other people and join there races but was dissapointed to only ever see 4 other people around me at one time and no one joining each others races. I finnished the story mode and had 1 race with other people. That race was a bust due to the high level troll that would wreck us so we would not finish first. This is the first ""MMO"" I have ever been on where the chat box would have nothing said in it in the 28 hours I played.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8EVftHuRbUhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlxoKWC4NwENow I can surf my cars!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6SzXjOkouAAdding hackers videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90856K3zqdc"
,Recommended,241560,14604127,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,[ERROR]-BSOD,you can love this game only with advanced wheel(like g27) and only from cockpit or first person view)
76561198004168812,Not Recommended,241560,15968208,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,keith3982,"I love""Racing"" Games....but this game, to me,is Very Repetitive and  Boring."
76561198015392053,Not Recommended,241560,16095047,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,DleadthewayL,just bought it and after downloading I stared at the loading screen for 30 min and still nothing happened.
,Not Recommended,241560,16157669,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"After 157 hours they ""updated the game"", which makes it unplayable for me....Camera angle and what not....The game itself ""Was"" pretty fun and good...Before the patch i would recommend it, now don't bother."
,Not Recommended,241560,18566544,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Clarity,"got sum crap, bought game played 2.3 hours , and they showed me that trail is finished, asking buy full game, hahahah, bought trial for 30 euro funny hahah"
76561198150476544,Not Recommended,241560,17119125,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,spooky loot,"Overall 6/10:If you are looking for a game like Forza, this isn't it.This game got boring pretty quick. THERE ARE ONLY LIKE 6 CARS TO CHOOSE FROM. I requested to get a refund so I could get a different racing game which doesnt have that. It was hard for me to get into this game and i'm glad steam incorperated the refund policy. The physics are pretty awful and there isn't a way to change your field of view which was kind of a let down.  I also have a racing wheel that I used to use on my Xbox 360 but the controls were all messed up and I wasn't able to change the controls because it was showing up as an Xbox controller. I couldn't remap the gamepad controls which sucks because I couldn't use my racing wheel. Get the trial on UPlay so you can try it out and see if you like it before you buy it. This game wasn's an exception to Ubisoft's bad games they've been coming out with recently."
76561198126708911,Recommended,241560,17122831,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,aipod.Luddsak,this is a good game if you like car games buy it and you can costumise your car but it can take long time to get good this is my one of my favorit game the other who gives it a thumb down is bicos maybe it is ekspensiv and they did nt like it and then they are writting just bad things bicos they dont like the game
76561197991954383,Recommended,241560,17102732,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Wild,listen up..it cant be ANY WORSE THAN GRID AUTOSPORT!buy this game.. THE CREW!i did10/10
76561198114061873,Not Recommended,241560,20932601,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,)=SaLaMuS=(,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF U DONT HAVE 100000000000$ Cost Computer..!
,Recommended,241560,13525305,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,clachcik7,"The Crew is an amazing achievement of a game. Especially by Ubisoft, which I keep forgetting they made the game. It's an open world (literally, the entire United States at your disposal) racing game with an arcade-like control scheme and a wide selection of vehicles. There are thousands of missions, side quests, mini games, and PVP lobbies to enjoy and they really do pull you into this vast open world game. I have driven across the United States many times in real life and they really capture alot of the beauty our country has. It's not ""exactly"" a representation of this country but its got its landmarks and alot of things I reconigize (like the oil fields and empty backroads in Amarillo texas and the swamps through the south in Louisana and alot of the beautiful wooded areas and mountains of Maine). This game is very addicting and I have over 17 hours of gameplay. It's hard sometimes and its mostly those hairpin turns and the traffic that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most. I keep on having to retry alot of the challenges because I'm shooting for that gold medal. The way it grades you during the main missions I don't like very much because in the end, if you win and you're in 1st place, you should automatically get a gold medal. I don't know how it grades you but I keep getting bronze and silver medals even if I win 1st place in the main missions. There are also hour long missions that take forever, so I reccommend that if you're not playing with friends, play those missions in solo so you can pause the game and take a break after holding down the R-trigger for a half hour or more. When it says ""1 Hour"" in length, it really means it too. I still have a long ways to go, I'm level 35 and I own a handful of cars (I bought out all the Mustangs since they are my favorite cars and I think I got an F150 too) but I wish there was a way to sell or trade vehicles between players because each car is unique when you start unlocking parts for them and there is a wide selection of parts and add-ons so there will never be an exactly identical vehicle for as long as this game survives. I wish more people would buy this game or at least get it when it's on sale. It is worth the $60 and the fact that its an online open world racing game without a monthly fee just makes it all the better. I hope they come out with alot of DLC for this and maybe expand the map across North and South America and maybe even make a sequel that will take us across the world to other countries too. I highly reccommend this game to anybody who loves racing games (I usually suck at them but after playing this game this long I've gotten used to the genre alot more and I've even improved my skills in games like GRID 2 and NFS Rivals)."
76561198120002082,Recommended,241560,33147512,Posted: 2 July,all,HALLO,Coool
,Not Recommended,241560,26588495,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Gunmars,Bought this game at launch and put about 20 minutes into it before I moved on but decided to retry recently and within my 40 minutes of gameplay the game has crashed 5 times. Internet search says newer GPUs have this issue and dev has not (cared enough to?) patched. Can't recommend until a fix is in place. Can't give proper input until I can actually play the game.
,Not Recommended,241560,22251246,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Healer,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME! SEASON PASS NOT INCLUDED WILDRUN
,Not Recommended,241560,28720153,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RoizeN,"The game does not leave me! My computer is good.1. Download the game2. Download Uplay3. Login Uplay4. It turns out anything like I would load, but I throw and I click the icon still shows me ""game is already running""....... Help me! Personal message or here.Computer:i5nvidia 750ti8ram"
76561198359812600,Not Recommended,241560,29620101,Posted: 31 January,all,ALCROVE,"It seemed like a good game until i ran it on my pc, Very laggy. i refunded the son of a gun."
,Not Recommended,241560,21401442,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ZZXXC,so so so baaad
76561198078200434,Recommended,241560,13398635,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Beneator,Very good driving and detailed cars but they could have done better graphics wise there are small problems like vehicle sounds but nothing that should stop you from buying this game if you like driving games this is really good i would think there will be more updates as this is a very new game. I havn't found any gliches or problems so i would reccomend this game if you have this much money.
76561198016779748,Not Recommended,241560,13901227,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,bluega,Worst game I have ever played so far
76561198191640191,Not Recommended,241560,18007577,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Trpledblenoasst,i played this game for 3 weeks. started to get into got some cars i really wanted. then it stoped working at all cant even open it waste of money. dont even bother. wait for the new need for speed
,Not Recommended,241560,17233558,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Microsoft OneNote,you cant escape the cops and the cars have the worst handeling ever
76561198007726960,Not Recommended,241560,18487660,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Cam,is anybody can help us? ı seen a offer 40 TL almost 15 Dolar for THE CREW original game. and ı bought it. but when ı enter the game it says need a activision code. ı only can play ''the crew wild''  run please somebody help me about that!ı totaly confused.
,Not Recommended,241560,18517389,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Bully.-,มีเเล้วเเละมันไม่ไห้เล่นมันบอกว่า You Trial of the crew has ended งง
76561198160835452,Not Recommended,241560,23627496,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,._.YaBoiXD._.,the game is so bad
,Not Recommended,241560,24505701,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,The Rediculous Evan,the part where you have to take down a prison bus with your raid monster. it's so hard and rage enducing than any other event. the police is unfare and the prison bus driver is so unfare and the fact that the bus can go over 80 mph is fake and unfare and I'm surprised that it hadn't tipped over yet. please change the difficulty slightly to reduce the chance of me breaking my controller and my keyboard.
,Not Recommended,241560,20963801,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤,Cannot run on window 10
76561198176670853,Not Recommended,241560,24104444,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,kbantonsen,"I'm struggling to use the CD key code to get wild run etc, wich doesn't work"
,Not Recommended,241560,24382280,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Happy Inktober!,"*Buy the game for 30$* ""This is a trial version!"" I wanna ♥♥♥♥ing end you Ubisoft."
76561198145940674,Not Recommended,241560,25878211,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,LOGOWARRIOR,THIS GAME.. i dont even know what to say. i spend a fortune on the pre-order. only game ive ever Pre-ordered and it will be my last. such high hope and promises given by Ubisoft. Without going into the numbers. i can easily say that i paid 4 times the price the crew is going for now. before the game was even released. to this day. ive never resieved any of my pre-order content and my DLC purchases were not complete. ive voiced my concernes and have had no success. not only am i dissapointed in the game. i cant even play it because of its incompatability with my Nvidia GTX 1080p Graphics card.
,Recommended,241560,28032868,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HawkEye,Superb Game
,Recommended,241560,27834083,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Methodman#AcidRap,"Nice game, but too expensive, the creators are trying to get the maximum money out of it, and in my opinion its hurting such an awesom game."
,Recommended,241560,27980383,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,-VVaCintosh,Klaveyeden çarpışan araba oynayanlar olmasa daha güzel olabilirdi !!!
76561198263049909,Recommended,241560,27832809,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,a bad poem,this game is very fun it has an ok story line but it has awesome cars one thing that i love about this game is that you can make cars into off roaders i recommend if you get this game on sale becuase the regular price is a bit expensive
,Recommended,241560,28736359,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DJ Calydus,"Finally a good car game for the PC. Good story, great cars, seemingly realistic physics and a great map. The best part is you can go on this journey with your friends in the lane beside you."
,Recommended,241560,28195938,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Zintix,"What a game, this hit the niche spot for me where it ticked all the boxes I could ask of it"
,Not Recommended,241560,18002674,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Grillarkatten,"Uplay, ubisoft, all that. Yep."
,Not Recommended,241560,22560830,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,loop,Bad
76561198133147866,Not Recommended,241560,26636205,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Adolf Hitler,"I loved this game, but one day I got on and saw all the motorcycles that I had bought were gone, they just up and walked away. Honestly a waste of money, but don't let me tell you how to live your life."
76561198163584713,Not Recommended,241560,24660162,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Lukis1337,på¨öloåopl¨ploloålllå
76561198000138597,Not Recommended,241560,25716745,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,NitroBusa08,The game wont allow me to install the wild run . I can only play basic Crew game.
,Not Recommended,241560,29307966,Posted: 16 January,all,oyesbeng Meister,just don't buy it.
76561198016112346,Recommended,241560,33671438,Posted: 20 July,all,FuZe Hunter,fun gamelove the missions and cutomization
76561198222121336,Not Recommended,241560,29052486,Posted: 5 January,all,RandomDolphin,my pc is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥so i thought this game was a good low end pc spec game (i trusted the pc specs online and on steam and i didnt watch any spoilers and trailers or videos and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that) well.... lets say i was wrong.... still pritty solid game but kinda demanding on the pc specs sorry devs
76561198035592747,Not Recommended,241560,26551177,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,cbekair,Great game if it didn't crash everytime you played it with in 5 to 10 minutes.  Also no technical assistance via the phone.  And after working with customer assistance and trying to trouble shoot it on my own still the game will not play without crashing.  Hopefully I can get a refund and they don't hold the time I spent trying to trouble shoot against me...
,Recommended,241560,14169844,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,IamZachAttack,you can find a space shuttle in the game it has amazing gamplay. to me best open world game i have played.
76561198006332609,Recommended,241560,28108735,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,k.c.,"The crew? Great free drive game. The summit expansioin OK, except for the silly monster  truck arenas. Calling all units, well they missed it. The weapons take away the driving fun. The wack the police button is so powerfull, that they need a catch up button to  balance it. Its gameplay, but it is not racing any more. Pick up the basic game get the extra content on sale."
,Recommended,241560,16416178,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,aaaaaa,"UPDATE 29 NOVEMBER 2015Pros:-Massive open world (USA)-LOTS of cars (Even more now)-No loading-Multiplayer-Tons of car modification-New handling*-New weather system*-New graphics*-Bikes,Monster Truck, Drifting Machine, and Dragster**Cons:-Car sound is not very realistic-Game camera won't stay stillThe Crew latest update massively improve the overall game. The Wild Run DLC is very recommended. The pics in the store page is the old one, because the new one is satisfying. Play with friends for better experience.Recommended game 9.7/10*New Update**Wild Run DLC"
76561198060117184,Recommended,241560,27858101,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,¤(Low.Budget.Garage)¤ 3r!k,Best games ever!!!
,Not Recommended,241560,15471566,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Jet Uppercut,"Nowhere on this store page does it say the game requires to be online at all times. I assumed there would be a single player mode of some description as listed along the side, so I didn't have to deal with laggy servers or anything like that. Unfortunately, that's not the case. Unless you live in America or Europe you're going to lag horribly. And I don't mean other people rubber banding everywhere in multiplayer races or anything isolated like that. I mean the game's handling model is directly linked to your connection to the server. So that 300ms ping means there's 300ms before any of your inputs register on screen. Not only that, but I had to spend several hours troubleshooting to get this game to even run at all, only to find out this always online mode renders the game entirely unplayable to me. Thanks Ubisoft.Note: The error I was receiving was essentially that ""The Crew has stopped working"", after looking up all of the fixes online, the only thing that worked was completely removing all traces of my original up to date graphics driver, including going into the registry to remove files, then reinstalling it. The game doesn't crash or anything for me now but it's something to consider if you have trouble getting the game to run. It's only configured for purely default drivers."
,Not Recommended,241560,18083218,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,roy.schuster,"DO NOT PURCHASE UBISOFT GAMES ON STEAM!The DRM protection is a nightmare, as it requires both Steam and UPlay to be running and to validate your license every time you wish to load the game.You can also save some money and a lot of trouble by purchasing this game directly on UPlay."
76561198103641569,Not Recommended,241560,21593861,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,cjfrasier,"Too many bugs, crashes on launch for me every time."
76561198091470079,Recommended,241560,14512638,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Gator Navi,Super spil!
76561198132070122,Recommended,241560,29864076,Posted: 11 February,all,Makka Pakka,love ityou should too
,Not Recommended,241560,22312342,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Banana Creampie,When the season pass doesnt include the only dlc with actual content. ♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT
76561198102841057,Not Recommended,241560,24275338,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,zombiedrifter96,the devs are a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that is all
76561198136194637,Not Recommended,241560,23892089,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Th3Arr0w,How to fix my game from crashing?
,Not Recommended,241560,20520728,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Gunji Bhai,Crap game
,Not Recommended,241560,31462296,Posted: 30 April,all,Restoy I gift-drop.com,No
,Recommended,241560,17029575,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,frendan27,YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YESJust please come out with some more optimization updates and some more faction races (preferably one using the speedway with the circuit spec)
,Recommended,241560,16343668,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Buzz,"I wished I had bought this game when it came out, the map is insane, you can ACTUALLY modify cars visuals and it's an awesome game once you get how the game works. It has stock cars which is great I was tired of all the super cars in other racing games but The Crew got it right after so many bad racing games out there this is actually pretty good."
76561198159245530,Recommended,241560,16311280,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Steave Harvey,its very good if your into roleplay games
76561197987305259,Not Recommended,241560,21565523,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,HÄRÄSSMENT,"Really there is only 2 good things about the game. The car selection is pretty decent, and the map detail is alright. The rest of it id pretty terrible. like 100's of people have already said the story is pretty boring, and driving in it is absolutly awful, they couldnt even get force feedback to be any good even with their Extra config ""fix"" its loose and sloppy and honestly for me its pretty much the game braker and from what iv read a wheel braker. iv played better indie games then this, in reality ubisoft should be paying us to play this failure"
76561198312860385,Recommended,241560,28113449,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,N0t0r!0u$,Love the game
,Recommended,241560,13981768,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Boogie,I dont understand why so many bad reviews.This is what a racing game should be+great graphics+big world+controller support works flawless+I have'ent had any bugs or problems yet+controls are great
,Recommended,241560,13981050,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Yushii,"Awesome, a bit too intensive for me!"
,Recommended,241560,13673774,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,lolㅋㅋ,Just buy it n' hf :)
76561198135848993,Recommended,241560,13671417,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Phunging,"Haven't had this much fun in a racing game since Midnight Club DUB Edition; great game.Pros:-Nice scenery-Huge map-Good driving mechanics (With a racing wheel if tweaked properly)-Missions are very fun when playing with friends-Somewhat immersive story-Very easy to make money (If you're finding it hard, here's a hint: Send your friends on the high pay faction missions. I can literally make 1M in a day and you barely lift a finger)Cons:-Car models (especially the headlights and taillights) seem outdated / not textured properly-Long wait times for matchmaking (might improve as more people purchase the game)-Cops seem to have impeccable bursts of speed at times, making it alot harder to escape-Lack of cars-Annoying to obtain platinum parts (level 50) due to RNG; but rewarding at the end-Game may be a little boring / bland without friendsOverall, I found it to be a great game, it was personally alot of fun for me especially with friends. Though, I wouldn't get the crew if you don't have a solid amount of friends who are willing to get and play the crew as having your friends there to play with you really makes the game that much more fun. If you do have friends who have or will get it, I strongly recommend getting it (Plus, it's on sale for $47.99 now!). Hopefully this review helped you with your decision, have a great day!"
,Recommended,241560,13671658,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ThePlumber88,"Fun, very fun. Tons of miles to be driven."
76561198010231973,Not Recommended,241560,32886483,Posted: 27 June,all,FrozenMind,"This game was cool when it came out, but now, you have to pay 80€ if you wanna play with full content...."
,Not Recommended,241560,30855505,Posted: 31 March,all,Pablo escobar,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198163028554,Not Recommended,241560,17572614,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,BB-8,awful do not buy
,Not Recommended,241560,17095615,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,BlobfishGoneWild,"Don't waste your money, this game is silly. HAS to be played with controller, missions are nearly impossible, and DLC is silly. This game is money hungry, buggy, and broken. Go buy Need for Speed."
76561198033114258,Not Recommended,241560,20820494,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,MagicPants,i paid 30 dollars for a demo. This game isnt even worth 30 dollars.
76561198251837778,Recommended,241560,29168949,Posted: 10 January,all,Toxzii,"i enjoy the game soo far, but i dont know how to acess Free roam?"
76561198170209491,Recommended,241560,14930025,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,PancakesNKetchup,HELL YEAH
,Not Recommended,241560,14936409,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Čornijs,How to fix the the crew stopping working problem!?
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,241560,13323322,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Blackcompany,"This is a tough one for me.I like the open world driving this game offers. Cruising the world, racing around cities and through high mountains. Seeing the sights. And the sites. Its very good stuff.Unfortunately, its literally the only positive the game offers.The missions are uniformly awful. Win a race against rubberbanding AI on the street. On dirt. Off road. Ram a car to 'take it down' within an arbitrary time limit, offroad, where you cant even drive straight for more than a second at a time. Missions are boring, detract from the fun of the open world and extremely repetitive.And they are still better than the story. Its Fast and Furious with barely enough changes to avoid plagiarism. Poorly written, poorly acted, poorly paced, especially with most missions requiring several tries to beat the rubber banding. Ruins the pacing of the story completely - which is doubly bad since it was never well paced to begin.Basically The Crew is just another tired, formulaic Ubi game. Same map unlocks. Same icons. Same boring missions littered across a large open world that would be more fun without them. Terrible writing. Mediocre characters. Coupled with loose, flighty car handling, lack of the ability to import your own songs and the always online nature, and as much as I still enjoy the cruising the world now and then...Just avoid this game."
76561198030336476,Recommended,241560,28078001,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,goran_rayman,Don't wait to buy it.
76561198130672267,Recommended,241560,17104944,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,SxyBluD3V1L,The best £22.49 I've spent this weekend. Having so much fun. Come on put your hands in your pockets and joint The Crew.
,Recommended,241560,14119774,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Skeeveo - konitchiwa,yeah okay I guessworth on sale
76561198336009688,Recommended,241560,33878074,Posted: 29 July,all,wkdduswhdkss,where is my CD key???? I can't play this game because I don't have CD key.. ㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗ
,Not Recommended,241560,28175934,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,【血狼】Yuzuru,"Expected this to be one of those amazing car games which can be played with friends to complete it's awesome quests,etc  but *sob sob* Error 404 amazing and awesome not found#plzhopeforournextgame by EAControls aren't what you'd expect them to be anf feels clunkyStory isn't half bad I guess?"
,Not Recommended,241560,13785690,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Snake,"I used to have a positive thumbs up review on this game, but this was all before the Wild Run update.The so-called ""next gen"" update to the game's graphics engine is a horrible decision. The game has not been updated in any meaningful way, it simply had its color saturation toned down, brightness turned way up and a few ""wet surface"" effects were added, much like a cheap, terrible-looking ENB preset.The new visuals simply look washed out and suffer from immense color burn from the overbright settings and dull color toning.I am sorry but the game is essentially ruined for me as I primarily enjoyed cruising around for the sights."
76561198092154389,Not Recommended,241560,26069428,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Guesspionage,"The Crew is great game but, i dont want to play anymore because of the ongoing crashes, Had no problem playing in the Uplay ""The Crew free version"" before. I bought the game on Steam and its not playable... Waiting to fix, please fix that issue. Thanks."
76561198107748000,Not Recommended,241560,20246482,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,LeoPardGaming,i bought the full Crew Wild Run game and it gives me the demo i want the real game
76561198162486848,Not Recommended,241560,34901754,Posted: 12 September,all,ImNOob,how to buy calling untis?? why by a car must use calling units damn!!!
,Not Recommended,241560,22312510,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,CelTiar,When I began playing this game i saw potential as a great pc raceing game and theres not may that where that good but as latly with the changes to Wild Run and even main game it seems more and more that ivory tower and ubisof dont have a clue.After Wild Run was launched I lost level 50 plats that where on some of my cars like my paticular favorite the 69 Charger R/T HEMI a car I put 50 plats into with all speed boost to loose these parts some i bought from the tuners with ingame cash and others i grinded for to have them taken froim me with no compensation is a slap in the face and them saying F*** youAnd more dissapointing is the lack of retro musscle in the drag extreme spec and the use of imported cars more than the native cars [im not saying that imports should be kept out of that spec]. In the cutscene for bonnivile drag race in the sumit there is seen a 69 ss impalla as a drag car but not availble for player use just as a prop to♥♥♥♥♥♥us off.I had high hopes for this game when it first came out and durring the beta for WIld Run I regained that hope but all i see now is the domminace of imported sportscars and super cars in specs that eiter they are not usualy in nor are realistic.Vizually speaking and as far as basic controlls and stability yes it is great the world abit small and not scaled right is beutiful to be in  and the controlles with wheel support and controller support is fantastic i get great steady 60 framesbut as i said for me the deal breaker is the constant buffing of euro cars in specs that you dont typicaly see them in and what feels like is the holdin back of american cars more than needed. dont get me wrong i like sticking it to the LaFerrari in a Muira but the euro cars are getting all the focus and tuning to make better and the american cars seem to be getting worse.Im holding out for my retro musscle drag cars but I feel as if its pointless nowno i dont recomend this game any further and perhaps if they fix what has been broken then perhaps thers is still hopebut as far as i see no its not
,Recommended,241560,30772439,Posted: 27 March,all,[M4tth2w],"*Disclaimer*Before i bought this, i got a copy for free from ubisofts free game weeks.. so majority of my hours were on that before buying on steam.the game is good, bit grindy but still good the only issues i really have is occasionally in certain areas the game tanks while the fps counter is showing a solid 60fps...the port isn't that bad though and looks visually pleasing on ultra."
76561197983895956,Not Recommended,241560,13220431,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Chincho,"TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH, ♥♥♥♥ing online dont work, could not play a single PVP yet and i finished the game. I just bought to play with friends and they cant connect.Thank you for existing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, Hamachi, Tunngle. Here we go, bye bye ubifkers"
,Not Recommended,241560,13206824,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MrNEKR0N,This game is laughably pathetic and ment of kids who have never driven a vehicle in their ENTIRE life. Wish I could get a refund from Ubisoft. Just awful 3/10
76561197985443898,Recommended,241560,13190959,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Steryon,"Outstanding game. best of 2014. Smoothest MMO Launch Ever. No Crashes, No Freezes. Beautiful."
,Not Recommended,241560,13380315,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Koyu Beyaz,"Its not an MMO at all. Car handling is not good, the AI is always in the god mode, like the police cars are the fastest in game and they have the weight of a truck when it comes to crushes. Its stupid. They even dont need the customization for dirt, they are just best in every situation except some long, straight asphalt roads which they magically stop unrealisticly, making you win the mission or run away freely without any hard tries. Soooo unbalanced.And seriously, its not a MMO at all. You have to be online all the time -btw servers are not stable especially when it comes to pvp- but all you see is another person driving 45 km ahead, or you see 2-3 people on the map but thats all. You rarely get pass anyone, if you want to race with other people you have to wait at least 15 min and if someone have a bad upload speed the race will be laggy as hell. Oh, did I mention there are soooo little variety of cars? All the things in the trailer is a lie. Don't get me wrong, its not an awful game, but its not they told us to be. Not at all.Its just not worth the money."
,Recommended,241560,13200467,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ch1kn L1ckn,Since when does the F.B.I. or any other government entity for that matter have a budget where you start off with the most generic vehicle ever?10/10 would work for F.B.I. again though...
,Not Recommended,241560,13218306,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Dweebix,"Waited a while for this game. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ Example. $88,000 for a car, yet you only get like $200 if you win a race/event? lol. This will take forever. I figured I could launch the game, basically pick from more than 4 standard cars, and be able to completely customize it.. but nope, gotta unlock all that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t too... Not to mention you can only choose from like 6 different color cars? Hell. Need for speed world is free, and is a lot more customizable. I also hate the fact that it seems hardly anybody is playing this game even though it's only a couple days old. I've found 1 match against other players. The rest of the time, there is never a co-op found."
,Recommended,241560,11878036,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,tictac?!,drive the car. watch out for th
,Not Recommended,241560,13671818,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Bloodyboo,"Very broken, yet to be able to play it"
,Recommended,241560,11876935,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,LT . Hikari,"This is like my frist serious review so this is what i can say about the crew:Pros; the driving, the map, the story, the cars, the graphics,the cons: connection to the server, lag, and u playsummary: my experiance so far shows me ill truelly be addicted to this awsome mmo racer, i love everything about this game except for the servers, that needs some love but, give this game a whirl, its amazing and great for a gear head who hasnt had a racing fix in a long long time, like me :P so yes i recommend this game to every one."
76561198003973808,Not Recommended,241560,13209179,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Wesley Snipes,i cant  even play the game. i never write reviews but this has to be the ♥♥♥♥♥iest release ever. 2 days after release and still cant play.
,Not Recommended,241560,13242930,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Edward The Great,"-Beatiful game with breathtaking scenery.-Nice looking cars, though not many (surely to be more as lolDLC or the incoming cash shop).-The Writing/Story, while you wouldn't expect much from a racing game, is some of the worst I've ever experienced in a video game. It's on par with NFS: The Run level of bad.-Handling is terrible at first, but gets better as you level (noticed it getting better at around level 15 or 20). The game is painful to play until that point.-SERIOUS AI rubberbanding issues. You can pull ahead by 5 seconds no problem, only to be passed shortly after, and the AI proceeds to pull 800 yards away and stays there.-Players and the AI dont play by the same rules. AI can either come to a near complete stop around turns you're nearby, or can fly through a 1-lane right angle turn at 80 MPH when you're 200 yards away or more. Meanwhile, every car you drive drives like it's on ice, losing traction at every single concievable possibility of a change in momentum, no matter how small, until you level up and hit that 15-20 mark.-NoS is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ it breaks traction no matter how high your grip or level is, making it impossible to handle the car, and you dont get traction back till you let off the NoS. It's also handled in a dumb way, as it refills NFS:MW (original) style, in that it just magically refills over time.-Cops have near infinite mass and can send you spinning like a helicopter with a simple love tap. You, however, can t-bone a cop at 180 MPH, and be completely stopped in the span of about 10 feet. You have only 1 second (not an exaggeration) to pull away once stopped, which is extremely difficult because you cant just slam on reverse and then slam on the gas. you have to slam on reverse, lose traction (no choice, no way to keep it from happening), pray you're not on dirt (even in dirt spec), and hit 30 MPH all in a single second. Then you have to spin around, and wait a second while the game takes it's time shifting from reverse to first.-AI in races also have infinite mass. They are unaffected by street lights and fence posts, but hitting 2 fence posts brings you from 180mph to 150mph-The devs dont know how to make race tracks for♥♥♥♥♥♥ They have all of the U.S. to work with, and they wanna throw you through dirt in a performance spec, or put you on asphalt for a while in raid spec. Random turns out of nowhere you cant anticipate all over the place. Understandable on street spec and raid specs where races are slower, but to throw a right angle turn at you in perf spec at 170mph is just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.-Ubisoft totes it as CaRPG/Racing MMO, but just feels like an always-online single player racing game. Server size/player-region density is agonizingly small. The U.S. is split into 5 regions, and each region has maybe 6 people including yourself at any one time.All the negatives pile on into one big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ 4/10UPDATEHas city of Nashville, TN, but no batman building0/10. Do not buy.***UPDATE 2***Stopped playing on Dec 16th 2014, tried playing again on Jan 31st 2015. Game had an update but none of the issues I mentioned were fixed or changed. It's clear the DLC was created when the game was made, and stripped out to sell later. Ubi never intended for this to be a decent game. They just wanted to release it, stagger the DLC, and leave it to die. Stay far away from this game."
76561198021458563,Not Recommended,241560,13215943,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,DoubleW,I experience server connection issues
,Not Recommended,241560,13268156,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Countyzz. III,This is really awesome game BUT TILL THEY FIX THEIR STUPID ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UPLAY SERVERS OR JUST MAKE IT OFFLINE GOD DAMN IT.+ Awesome Game- You can only play it online which is suck.MAKE IT OFFLINE MODE FFFFUUUUUUUU UPLAY ****** **** **** **** **** ***** **** *****
,Not Recommended,241560,13378074,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Crush,"Great game until you complete the main story. After the story, the game runs dry with fun content. It turns into farming money and doing the same skill races to buy and upgrade cars. Although, the graphics are great, I have had some problems with connectivity. After finishing a mission in coop we sometimes get kicked and have to redo the entire race."
,Recommended,241560,13831683,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Noole,"The Crew is a breaktrough in terms of cars. This games is about cars, lots of cars, cars everywhere.Of course it has some pros and cons, and i will list them below:PROS:-Graphics, very good, once wild run DLC will come out they will be even better-Gameplay, dynamic, nothing wrong here-Car specs-Map is great-Made by TDU2 CreatorsCONS:-Microtransactions-Some cars are not very customizable-Engine sounds are not very differentOverall 7/10"
,Not Recommended,241560,13605196,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Carl Sweatpants,I would like it if it would launch.
76561198032677893,Not Recommended,241560,13280446,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Omlette,"who ever designed the diffuclty for police, is a retard. Police cars  are so fkn stupidly over powered.fix the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥networking issues that you have with connectivity of sessions and players not being about to join crews... We paid so much for the game atleast make the damn effort to sort the issues. Your First update was ""addressing"" those issues but its still having problems"
,Recommended,241560,13201761,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mushmush,Other than a bit of pop in and wierd screen shaking it's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
76561198125417407,Not Recommended,241560,13212399,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ArielVB600,this game is great. have have played this game for many hours but now i cant even open the game it just stays that the crew game has stopped working.  plzzzzz help if somone knows how plzzzzzzz
,Recommended,241560,13908401,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Amarendra_Bahubali,i got no words try this game yourself its nice :) im satisfied
,Not Recommended,241560,25556250,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Clit YeastWood,"updated review. having the season pass does not even get you their DLC the wild run, which is kinda bs seeing how it is just a slight reskin that adds really nothing that would not be suported in the game."
,Not Recommended,241560,13660794,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dragon,"Joguei bastante o beta, mas não consegui continuar no release.Pra quem procura um jogo de carro mundo aberto com a possibilidade de jogar online com os amigos, é uma boa pedida, o jogo tem elementos de rpg(coletar partes pelo mundo e level), tem história, tem varios carros e lugares legais pra se ter e explorar, o jogo sem duvidas tem seus 'momentos'... MAS...Simplesmente o jogo tem muitos problemas, mas o principal pra mim não jogar foi a jogabilidade dele (que é um lixo), qualquer pessoa que já dirigiu um carro sabe que não é assim que funciona, eu não sei o que eles queriam fazer colocando uma jogabilidade tão estranha. Quem gosta de simuladores ou pretende usar volantes, deveria ficar longe.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tztiQ7iWIm0"
,Recommended,241560,13202756,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,AdmissiveComic,I LOVE IT! its awesome and fun. The gameplay is just exciting
76561198075891441,Not Recommended,241560,19248781,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,markitoz,"Ridiculous how Ubisoft attempts to make ends meet in terms of capital making it's new DLC directly unavailable even for those who trusted in the company and bought the Season Pass long time ago.Ubisoft, you just lost countless consumers with this petty maneuver.Ridículo como Ubisoft tenta fazer as contas baterem tornando a nova DLC diretamente indisponível até mesmo para aqueles que confiaram na empresa e compraram o Season Pass há muito tempo.Ubisoft, você apenas perdeu inúmeros consumidores com esta manobra mesquinha."
76561198094369773,Not Recommended,241560,13366329,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,С CurapeTKou,Full of bugs
76561198135012808,Not Recommended,241560,23332039,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Captain MacMelon,"Not worth full price, controls are clunky, speed is blown out of proportion. Essentially a cash grab by Ubisoft."
76561197994499922,Not Recommended,241560,13272203,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,artslayer,"Game crashes, bad physics, using a wheel is bad and the full map looks unfinished. The whole game looks unfinished. It is fun and engaging but it looks only paritally finished. Not worth the money or effort."
,Not Recommended,241560,13238065,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Gil Gunderson,"Can't join crews, invisible walls, police cars are like brick walls. Would like my $80 back tbh."
,Not Recommended,241560,13262953,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Freki,"It's clearly not a perfect game, but I do like a lot of what if offers..My problems so far is a couple hard crashesMany ( MANY ) loss of connections right after winning a race, thus losing the progress ( F that! )Several times where my mates are invisible ( just see the name moving around ) and we had to enter race for them to become visible ( they couldn't see me either )Cops tends to stop and just stay idle ( ??? )And a couple of times the world have just frosen, so all civilian cars doesn't move, heck even windmill stands still ( but birds still fly around )So once more an unfinished Ubisoft game ( no surprise when they don't dare send out review copies ) - but still not a terrible game - just don't expect more than mediocracy!The best parts IMO is the large world and the fun coop campaign..The worst is the tech issues and the lacking graphics ( looks like a PS3 game most of the time )All in all a 7/10 and that is IMO not a game worth recommending in the current state despite it's positive sides!"
,Not Recommended,241560,13242670,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Prevash,Don't buy this game.Why?1. Its Ubisoft so the game was not ready in the first place.2. Most cars handle like hoverboats.3. Its not an MMO.4. Instable servers.
76561198022294475,Not Recommended,241560,13230100,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Tiearian,"If you like racing games where the physics arn't quite realistic or arcade style, and feel like just a jumbled pile of trash, Then this is the game for you!For serious though.When turning, it feels like your tires are made of sponge or something. Or as if they are just all half flat. You can't drift worth **** with any car type, and the camera is just awful. It seems like they tried to make the camera look in the direct it thinks you want to drive toward, but always over shoots. So when ever you turn your always looking past where your wanting to turn towards. Especially when your moving more slowly, which makes getting out of a pile-up absolutly horrible.I would honestly have GTA 4 Car physics over this. Also, tuning your car is nothing like you would expect. Its extreamly linear, with a menu that makes it look Open-ended.One last note, you can't effectivly play this game if you have a life outside of your computer. It just takes too long to get/do anything."
,Not Recommended,241560,13245427,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ecchikiss です~,Nothing better than finally winning a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥race and ubisoft telling you it has lost connection somewhere during it and you have to do the race again
,Not Recommended,241560,13277496,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,☢ яadio,"what an awful game, ubisoft is why people pirate stuff 0/10"
76561198044122396,Not Recommended,241560,23814811,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Snow,"The setup was awful, it kept insisting that I was running a trial version. Plus the lack of controller support is just another piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to added to the pile."
,Not Recommended,241560,13539819,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Wolfy,"The game has potential... however Ubisoft is so terrible its laughable. Expect the dumbest things to happen at THE WORST TIME POSSIBLE. Just finished a one hour long.... ONE HOUR LONG faction race only to have the game tell me there is a problem with the ubisoft servers AFTER I FINISH the race. Guess what? Ubisoft is so f****** s**t that I didnt get any progress or money for the race. 1 hour wasted doing an extremely repetitive, menial task only to have NOTHING GAINED. (i did win the race so i should i got a prize). Microtransactions are also BS...  #PayToWin"
,Not Recommended,241560,23436676,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Legion,Ubisorft has ♥♥♥♥ed the game up whit wild run DLC.
,Not Recommended,241560,13300593,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Oritrix,"PLEASE NO MORE RECHARGING NITRO... I get the feeling the public wanted something more realistic... Like Gran Turismo... but Free Roam... Deep customizable cars, Hard Core tuning.  You have to buy parts instead of being given them...  Mountain drifts... pink slip racing... drags...  and NO MORE RECHARGING NITRO....Make us go to the shop and refill it... hell... make us go to the shop and get more fuelThe crew is.... a fun game... i enjoy it... but it is not what I am looking for.  I still want something to fill the void since NFS: Underground 2the game is Acrade at best and might as well change its name to ""Ridge racer"""
76561198263335296,Not Recommended,241560,33615904,Posted: 17 July,all,POLICE96Anthony,i  bought the game and i thought it would work so i bought the police pack and the uplay server thing wont let me play it how do i fix this
,Not Recommended,241560,15206223,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Brightlight,Well NO
,Not Recommended,241560,30104615,Posted: 22 February,all,sujaysp05,"stuck at the start, says Performing first time setup and game never starts.Controls are toooooo bogus."
,Not Recommended,241560,26221838,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Archer,"> Physics - bad;> Graphics - meh (Getting about 10 FPS with the new update even tho i used to get more than 30 FPS);> Cars are highly customizable (Which is very nice, I'll give them that)In conclusion: It's fun-ish..."
,Not Recommended,241560,14115325,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Gabor,"i canot keep control off the cars, ther spin out off control for no reason!!I spant 3 hovers to try set the staring control!! :(I a fan off Need for Speed ,but this is not much fun!I olso spant the $90 on the Gold adition ,nawer going to pree order!!Now is only $40 for the same Gold adition!!!!What a vast  of monny!and is dosont run on Steam!!! is runs on Uplay! :("
76561198017344186,Not Recommended,241560,14029903,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,buddy,worse driving game ever dont buy its a waste of money
76561198134137518,Not Recommended,241560,16578736,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,-K-,"this game is dead , nice visuals but boring story and 0 online and cooperative not very interesting"
76561198059686721,Not Recommended,241560,13248802,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,zangtetzu,"Great game. The only issue that I have is that some of the missions are literally impossible because they do not give you enough time, or the car that is given to you (for the missions where you are forced to use a car) are too slow to reach the checkpoint, to catch up to the NPC car you are supposed to wreck, or to evade the cops. I literally cannot advance in the story mission because the Ironclad Dash mission doesn't give you enough time or the car is not fast enough at the start to get you through the checkpoint fast enough. It is literally impossible to complete that mission as it stands. If they fix this, I will change my review and recommend it."
,Recommended,241560,30866714,Posted: 31 March,all,Rarry XD,i am very white and like it so you might to
,Recommended,241560,11893068,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,-PEves-,"This game isn't quite what I expected it to be, but this isn't a bad thing either in this case. I thought the game was going have a bit more of a simulator feel to it. At least to some extent but the game turned out to be much more arcade-like and that is quite alright too. The game is fun. That is the bottom line. It is fun to cruise around and race other players, or solo race against AI. You can do challenges that consist of beating a ghost car, slolem, Speed runs while trying to stay on the road, Delivering cars in a timelimit without damaging them and  I am sure there is a lot more that I haven't done yet. Of course there are races as well. The races consist both of Offroad and Onroad racing. There are car modifications that can turn your everyday muscle car into a mud dwelling Baha Buggy with Rooftop and grill fog lights and raised suspention. There are body kits that make your car look more stylish in many different ways. You can buy your parts individually as well. So go out and buy that carbon fiber hood you want because you know you just have to have it!"
,Recommended,241560,11919097,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Lil Uzi A$AP Jiggy,"SO, this game have a big potencial. The graphics are awesome, because nice orange sky-clouds and other, nice weather in windy winter, nice weather in sand-grounds, so this is very good pro. But the game only want to look like it have a good graphic because, REAL-TIME SHADOWS, the game have ♥♥♥♥ing pre-rendered shadows. they look good at sunset and in sunrise, but when you look with your car (with car-lights on) you can see there is no ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shadows (for example: Trees, Cars, Animals, People).So now i can write pros and cons.pros:- Good Graphics(but with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shadows)- Nice Arcade Driving- Not bad Cutscenes For a driving game- alot of costumization- Animals- Traffics, with crashes emergency etc.- Epic huge world- Game is fun :p- Skill challengescons:- Pre-rendered shadows- Mainstream Story- Bad servers for slowest net-connections like 4mb/s- ♥♥♥♥ing Zoe she´s so annoying *-*- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sounds in crashing into  AI cars, police cars, players cars- Easy To escape police- AI Cars are ♥♥♥♥ing shiny, like mirrors- People are clumsy, looks like robots, but its not about people its about racing and cars, so its not too bad7/10 for all the pros but they must fix these bugs with connections and much more"
,Not Recommended,241560,13438638,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Amba3k,bugs. no physic. few cars
,Not Recommended,241560,13510222,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Q.E.D,You know you've made a good game when the players receive more frustration than entertainment. 11/10
,Not Recommended,241560,34473275,Posted: 24 August,all,ＳＩＮＮＩＮＧ,"""Ubisoft"", need I say more?"
76561198056052384,Not Recommended,241560,23383447,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Iridial,"Not intuitive, extremely boring beginning, bugs, etc. Overall - crap."
76561198133986277,Recommended,241560,14169231,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,bobthekillerhobo,the game is amazing
,Not Recommended,241560,26554256,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BigBowl96,"This is actually a good game, what i love from this game mostly because the game world that is very huge and i really enjoy exploring the game world, however, this game has a lot of problems- This game is always crash to desktop every 10-30 minutes when play.- The AI is extremly dumb but i think Ubisoft encounter this by making the AI somewhat overpowered.- Very weird and bad physic, for example the vehicle handling is really bad and most of the time the handling makes the car want to   drift and when you jump your car from a cliff you gonna feel that there is a 10 ton car is falling from the sky ( i mean the car fall down really fast and for me, that's strange), and the damage model is somewhat fixed.- This game for me doesn't encouraging to making a crew and even i wanna make a crew with my friend, i can't join my friend for no ****ing reason.That's what i think what's bad about this game, but the multiplayer is fun, and as describe above, the open world is fun to explore, but i don't really recommended to play this game even to people who loves racing games."
,Not Recommended,241560,26550857,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Rontiqls,"♥♥♥♥ this game, the game crashed and you can't restart your profile!!"
76561198348703272,Not Recommended,241560,30744558,Posted: 25 March,all,FuShI,dosen`t open only crashes i have deleted it and redownloded it 10 times and it still dosent work and i have started my pc over again 4 times like wtf uplay ........
,Not Recommended,241560,13298111,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,1L1keWaffles,"Unplayable. Can not change FOV, slider is greyed out. View seems to be optimized for 2""-Screens..."
76561198093563824,Not Recommended,241560,17283376,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mr Popo,LOL BAD GAME
76561198078022970,Not Recommended,241560,17129887,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ZeroFun o7o7o7,"Why the f*ck does turning my G27 steering wheel cause a huge unplayable frame drop? Theres no way to fix it, it looks like. How could ubisoft f*ck up so bad like this...The game itself is good but uplay f*cks it up even more"
,Not Recommended,241560,33199885,Posted: 3 July,all,GazRam600,"it costs to go further in the game, you must have the DLCs to go further in the game, which is very stupid I would not recomend. as for how it perfoms, well, where do we begin?My specs:I5 6500kGTX 960250GB SSD2TB HDD8Gb RamI have to play this game on medium just to get above 60 fps. just bear that in mind"
76561198126946428,Not Recommended,241560,24782930,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,westsidelouis,very disapointed trash game must be burned
76561198274726274,Not Recommended,241560,34830610,Posted: 8 September,all,DrDac,hate
,Recommended,241560,19128199,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,George Lucas,Okay
76561198002384048,Recommended,241560,20946493,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,L'Aveugle,The Flight
,Recommended,241560,20162533,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Myrabakken,"It has a big map, and good graphics. nuff' said."
,Recommended,241560,25176549,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bury,"Well, Game is Cool, It is Open World Racing Game, Complete Missions,Earn Bucks,Make Crew,Drive on roads,Troll your Friends with giant Monster Truck like i do. Those who Dont Like cars And Racing,Should not Buy this."
76561198219091249,Recommended,241560,26508848,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sniper ︻芫═───¤ HS,112
,Recommended,241560,25205929,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kalai2480,yes
,Recommended,241560,19129509,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,PUWKIN,"p,c"
76561198033323688,Not Recommended,241560,13581846,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Audie Murphy,"If you like only having access to about 20 cars in a game, then this is the one for you. If you like/liked gran turismo 3 on PS2, then don't buy this game, because this is cancer compared to that."
76561198055107996,Not Recommended,241560,14135715,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,[777] thesummitchief,i cnan't play it
,Recommended,241560,28010596,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Meader,One of the best games i have ever played.
,Recommended,241560,28921293,Posted: 1 January,all,JG51_Fresh Giant,do you likemy car
76561198060907397,Not Recommended,241560,15627756,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,laddie5,sTUCK ON LOADING SCREEN ABSOLUTE GARBAGE
76561198168798460,Not Recommended,241560,15598989,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,THE END,DONT BUY THIS GAME IT DOES NOT WORK!!!!
76561198140990249,Not Recommended,241560,23592959,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TwinScimitars,"False alarm...after another idiot on here was kind enough to mention, it isnt the games fault. it was however an nvidia driver issue and i had to roll my gpu driver back. then it fired right up, idk if it was fixed from nzxt but the hue+ cam software also made this game crash...thnx M4rk...now dont turn blue on all that♥♥♥♥♥♥your choking on okay buddy?"
76561198120954338,Not Recommended,241560,18273088,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,robinfilm,ITS GOOD BUT I HAVE BUY IT BUT IT SAYS EVERY WHERE BUY FULL VERSION
,Recommended,241560,28680271,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,passionfruit,"Let me make it short,Pro : Bring your friend and hit other's carCon :  People hit your car"
76561198162929271,Not Recommended,241560,13808197,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,pito3061,i would like for it to work
,Recommended,241560,33150449,Posted: 2 July,all,ku cucks klan,Ï love this game :)
76561198152110537,Not Recommended,241560,16666847,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,diegofm,wont ever work hard to play cuz glitches it wont be good on pc but if i had it on the xboxone or ps4 i would probably giv it 5 stars
76561198117375805,Not Recommended,241560,16627760,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TRollskarlen,I don't recomend this game cause wen you start up the game uplay come up and ask you about a cd key or activasion code i don't now how to fix it but if someone knows how to fix it plz help me
76561198136831240,Not Recommended,241560,15027761,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,wafflegang,the game wont even start up
76561198022267879,Recommended,241560,33624296,Posted: 18 July,all,redfredo,"Really fun, has pretty realisitc driving and not too many glitches, although the missions are a bit repetitive and if you want to get good cars you pretty much have to buy the DLC or grind for a long time. Map is really big and the multiplayer aspect of it is pretty fun"
76561198045440243,Not Recommended,241560,31068691,Posted: 10 April,all,Arnold Palmer,SO bad
,Recommended,241560,16304796,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,< this picture,"allot of people said not recommended... people this is bull! it is a great game and so what if the cities arent full size, the map is still huge and there are way more interesting things to look at than cities. the gameplay is great, the graphics are great and the map is great. the one bad thing about it is that you have to buy dlc's to get cars that have just been released instead of the game just updating (i have the same problem with payday 2). But i heavily recommend buying if you love openworld racing games with a vast free drive as well as i do."
76561198065027494,Not Recommended,241560,19688009,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,The Majestic Canadian Moose,Pretty bad... It's a trial version and not evend told about it... Sucks.
,Not Recommended,241560,25354838,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,nigreft1,DLC SUCKS SO MUCH ♥♥♥♥S UP THE GAME
76561198273906169,Not Recommended,241560,23826551,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,thiasthekiller,♥♥♥♥ing lorte spil
,Not Recommended,241560,24016729,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tets,Game crashes on lauch and no way to fix itSo i refund ;]
76561198003235287,Not Recommended,241560,22779374,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,xyzzzzz,"Not working, problems ..."
,Not Recommended,241560,13579863,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,yuri64,This game sucks... grid is still better and way more fun too play!
76561198097152017,Not Recommended,241560,16515358,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,pandre.levesque,Yup... big map... but don't even think about getting some kind of simulation... the cars behave like ****...Couldn't play more than 3 hours ... I think it's clear enough... Story just is boring right from the beginning...DON'T SPEND YOUR MONEY HERE... :(
76561198199829898,Not Recommended,241560,33244381,Posted: 4 July,all,cyberwraithx1,"Not for me, don't like games where you have to win a race or something to continue, had I known this before I bought it, I wouldn't have bought it. I wouldn't reccemond it for anyone who just wants to get into a game and do stuff right away... Hoop jumping isn't my thing, so that's why I'm not going to give this game any more time...why waste mine with stuff I don't want to do?"
,Not Recommended,241560,16512388,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,metalbeard,the hype got me.  this is the worst driving game ever made.  ever.
,Not Recommended,241560,17156464,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Squigibo,"Since launch, I have come back to this game every once in a while to see if there has been any improvment.  There isn't.  Cars still handle like turds on wheels.  I give up."
,Not Recommended,241560,20803409,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,3rdRangers | ＧＥØＲＧＥＤ11,The only reason I'm rating this down is because of the dlc they are overly expensive 😞😞😞
76561198163017469,Not Recommended,241560,20811421,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Qrax csgospeed.com,"WORST CRAB IVE'D EVER SEEN, THE GAME CAN'T EVEN START WITHOUT CRASHING"
,Not Recommended,241560,16890472,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Teemo,1. Multiplayer is not working.2. Takes 1 min inorder to lunch the game3. The game is not smooth4.  The trialer is something and when you play is something else5. I dont recommend this game as it is expensive it is just woth $10
76561198187838591,Not Recommended,241560,28094244,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,$Pitubul$,i have inshelper error an i can t play the crew
,Not Recommended,241560,13353430,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,VagueSpy,"Ubisoft, even being a multibillion-dollar company with thousands of developers, CAN NOT ADD DECENT SUPPORT TO JOYSTICKS, I have a USB PS2/PS3 joystick-style, but him gets EXTREMELY SENSITIVE, you move a little to the side and the car turns too much, it seems that you are playing GTA. Should have control of the sensitivity also for joysticks, not just for steering wheels, etc., it seems made in the Unity engine.And the audio, the game auto-detects the audio 5.1 but places it as surround, I think, so the volume gets very low, and the mid and bass dissapear completely, so you have an idea, I have to put my music player, Winamp, at 10 volume, 10 of maximum 100, so I can hear the game. Thus it should be more settings for the audio, as stereo, 5.1 without surround, etc.The graphics are weak, dull and lifeless, just have a good textures, the Need For Speed The Run and The Rivals are MUCH nicer.Another hyped game from Ubisoft, boring and bland, treated as revolutionary by the sold media that alienating the gamers. As a guy out there said, Ubisoft is the new EA, but at least in my opinion, EA did and still does a great job with the series Need for Speed.And I said.************************************************************************I forgot to mention in the first cinematics when your friend gets shot in the back, watch your character, the guy who dubbed him is VERY BAD, I gave a lot of laughter in this scene, not to mention his appearance, it seems these fagot hipsters that is around, nothing to do with the game. What a joke."
76561198310344732,Not Recommended,241560,34477259,Posted: 25 August,all,XI-NIAN,"Without Chinese, we need ChineseThe inside view is rubbishLearn about ForzaThecrwe2 is worse than no improvement"
,Not Recommended,241560,25022305,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,What Zit Tooya,This game worked fine on my laptop. but now I just play it on my computer. it crashes every 10 minutes and in the middle of missions. It makes the game almost unplayabe. I'm not changing my rating for this game until this gets fixed. other than that its a good game.
,Not Recommended,241560,25263285,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DeHappyMeal,"I got this game expecting it to run on my high end gaming laptopwhich it does.... for about 5 minutes then crashes i have gone through tech support through ubisoft and they just said it was never optimised for gaming laptop hardware. I see a big issue with this because I can run every other game on highest detail max cpu usage everything and have yet to have issues with them but this onehas dropped the ball hard on they're hardware support. I love this game i play it all the time at my brothers, so thats why i got it for pc, I have a gaming laptop built for high detail games i should not be having these kind of issues. But in short It is a great game just Ubisoft has just got to work on thier hardware support Because its ridicilous."
76561198174222363,Not Recommended,241560,23696711,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,FTK.Cheerio,This game was very good But it no longer seems to work for alot of people and its BS i want my money back or someone fix this bull♥♥♥♥♥♥i cant even launch the game ffs
76561197999034250,Not Recommended,241560,34181493,Posted: 11 August,all,Snaxx,"Can't play it anymore, don't know why...and my computer is not the issue. Game worked fine before but now it gets to a certain point and just crashes...run the other way on this one."
,Not Recommended,241560,34991149,Posted: 16 September,all,D3fault,Bir süre sonra çok sıkıcı oluyor.
,Not Recommended,241560,31541726,Posted: 4 May,all,Komninos,All the time the server lag and  when you do the box for getting a car free the abilitys for cops never activated and the cops run with 400 Kh/m in the corner.Also cops in the box can capture you while you run ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? really who think that they can avoid abilitys too.The Story mode is good have good story and nice cars but the multyplayer sucks i play with  my friends and we lag all the time beacuse of the servers and beacuse the servers is from ubisoft.
76561198068512649,Not Recommended,241560,34241626,Posted: 14 August,all,John Kebab,"Awful steering wheel support, I didn't buy my steering wheel just for the crew but it's ridiculous that my fairly new wheel isn't compatible with a fairly new game. Other than that the game's average, could do with a better chocie in cars, bit lazy in that department."
,Not Recommended,241560,33409446,Posted: 9 July,all,manlikewilliam,"recomend to get a good pc or computer otherwise it will run bad. due to it running bad for me, i didnt like playing it"
76561197971088364,Not Recommended,241560,11871379,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Rale,"Unfortunately I had to change my review.. In the beta I thought this game was amazing, but after release and many hours of frustration I have to say it's not worth the money..Here's a short list of issues I've found with the game:• Disconnects• Crashes(the program kind)• Multiplayer issues• Robo Cops• Game Isn't Optimized• Broken Fast Travel System• Terrible Traffic AI• CustomizationAnd this isn't just me either. If you look at the support forums you'll see dozens of posts all about the same stuff.• Disconnects: Periodically you will complete a mission or objective and will be disconnected from server and will not get credit for the mission. Especially annoying when partied with someone since it's a pain you have to do it over but also cause its a pain to even party with others in the first place.• Crashes: Occasionally while in certain menus (mainly the car collection board) or even just driving the game will crash and freeze. It won't kick you out of the game, and you can't alt tab so you'll have to hit ctrl alt delete and force it to shut down.• Multiplayer issues: The main part of the hype of this is it's multiplayer, but it's garbage.. Most of the time you try to team up with your buddies it won't work and you'll both end up restarting the game half a dozen times just to get connected and THEN it will crash or freeze and you'll both be back at it again. There can also ONLY be a small handful of people in YOUR instance of the game at a time. Making it very frustrating to find people to actually play with. It's not like you'll see 100s of people all over the map. You'll only ever see like 6ish. I waited in queue for 4hrs to do a pvp mission and the most that ever joined was 5/8 so that never happened.. On a side note I saw a funny signature on this one guy in the support forums. It said: ""Never play alone! Unless you're playing The Crew...""• Robo Cops: Missions that require you to escape from cop swarms or misc swarms of other cars are incredibly frustrating sometimes and others are just ridiculous cause the AI is ******ed.. They move around like insects instantly turning and accelerating all together like they're literally a swarm of insects.. It's more like escaping the hive mind and right when you think you're going to get away another cop will spawn right in front of you..• Game isn't optimized: Alt tab while the game is running and you'll understand.. Even though my cpu is only at 15% and memory is at 55%, if I'm alt tabbed while this is running just surfing the web is like running at 1 frame a sec, and my rig (not to brag) is very good. When I tested it after putting it together I ran Crysis3, Borderlands2, 20 tabs on Chrome, Avatar in 1080P, WHILE running Prime 95 to max out the cpu and I was STILL able to use any one of those previous mentioned programs with no issues.. Let alone 1 frame a sec web browser like I get with this..• Broken Fast Travel: Welcome to The Crew!! One of the largest racing worlds you'll have the pleasure of NOT driving.. If you've played Skyrim or other similar games you know what fast travel is.. Basically lets you teleport to landmarks you've previously discovered.. Very handy feature. IN THIS THOUGH; You can do the same, but you can also teleport to any inch of the map where the fog has been removed, not just landmarks. You can actually use this to continuously teleport to the edge of your view range over and over to travel even to places you haven't been yet which defeats the whole purpose of having this beautiful world to explore.. So unlocking hidden items in the world isn't about explorations, it's just about how quickly you can keep hitting select, click bout a mile away(your view range is bout 1 mile), click fast travel, hit select, clicked 1 mile away, click fast travel.. You can unlock pretty much every hidden item or location in the game in the matter of an hour or two.. Not only does it ruin the experience for yourself but if the masses are doing this too they'll also be ruining it for themselves too, get bored, and move on to something else too.. The fact that they make cheating an option is just going to hurt the game in the long run. Lowering the player base (If all the other issues don't tick everyone off enough to quit first.. ).• Terrible Traffic AI: You can actually SEE the traffic just randomly spawning in front of you.. It's so disgusting to watch.. You could drive down a road that is completely empty then turn around and drive the other way and all of a sudden its just packed on both sides with dozens of cars.. Or in once instance of a race that had laps on a set course had like maybe 2 cars driving down the road and then on the next lap not only where there dozens of cars in the road but both sides of the street were packed with parked cars too! It was like 30 second laps for christ sake.. The game has no memory of traffic. It literally just throws random crap in front of you while you're driving.. The worst part is you can actually see them popping into existence. Not fading, not growing.. Just POP there's a car..• Customization: There's hardly any.. One of the big hypes of this game is customization to feel original or stand out (like it would even matter if you could stand out cause most likely you won't be seen by anyone else anyways cause the multi is so limited. I think they said only 8 people per server? I maybe wrong though. It might be like 12.. ) If you played Most Wanted and expect this game to have that much customization you'll be very upset, and if you liked Forza's customization you'll think this game is garbage. There's hardly any decals, you cant change the color of them, can't resize, and can't move them. Of the decals you have you'll only use the half a dozen that actually look good. NOT all cars can be all specs. You've probably seen how there's all these specs like: street, dirt, performance, etc.. Of the bout 50 cars, there's probably only 5-10 cars that can be each spec, and some of the specs you can't change the body at all, and others maybe have like 1 or 2 alternate pieces you can change out. It's just overall really disappointing..I really tried to like this game. I even bought the more expensive package and put a good amount of time into it during beta and release, but I finally asked myself.. WTF am I playing this for.. And just moved on to a differ game.Also, any feedback or arguments on any of these issues is welcome."
76561198013907351,Recommended,241560,13216429,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,mdiesel95,"B.A.G.     Biffin, Awesome, Great      10-10"
,Recommended,241560,11924416,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Ec. GKourp,Just ♥♥♥♥ing get it already.
76561198017457648,Recommended,241560,11878365,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Gary?,THEBESTGAMEEVER
,Recommended,241560,13289473,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,GabΣn's☯PrincΣss,I HAVE TO SAY 3 THINGS ABOUT THIS GAME:1)BEST GOODLE MAP SIMULATOR 2014 :D2)BEST GAME EVA... ^_^  ...3)DONT JUDGE ME :D
,Not Recommended,241560,13657640,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,YourCousinLiam,Has so much potential as an open world racing game experience but is ruined by game breaking bugs and developers that just dont seem to care.Buy if you like open world racing games but be prepared for some infuriating glitches
76561198151643973,Not Recommended,241560,13271039,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Soldurn,"Still having problems. Every time i try and start the game it sends me to uplay, than a message pops up saying uplay is having conection isuess, and thats as far as i get. Any ideas would help."
76561198073086207,Not Recommended,241560,25541083,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,CaptainAeroz,My game has crashed multiple times.  Game runs like garbage.  Amazing car list and the map are the only positives.
,Not Recommended,241560,26496863,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,There we go,"Do not support this rippoff business:The Crew meanwhile comes in several editions.Normally Season Pass gives you all, here season pass did not give you wild run, complete gives you base/season pass content and wild run in the wild run or complete edition?Does not mind as whatever you got with all content there, nov 2016, new dlc is upcoming, whoever owns ""all"" content will not own ""all"" then. )Crap shady business."
,Recommended,241560,25576042,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Tomtom,stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped workingyes my game is  stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped working stopped workingthank u
76561198005881135,Recommended,241560,11879889,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,generalkyle,Very good open world racing game. Reminds me greatly of Midnight Club racing series (best racing game imo)
76561198175560502,Not Recommended,241560,22846264,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Landen590,I KNOW I DID NOT HAVE TO PAY $30 JUST FOR A TRAILER I WANT MY $30 ON MY STEAM ACCOUNT!
76561198058994694,Not Recommended,241560,13548573,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,freaxx,"This has to be the worst game ever.Bought it, installed it, started it, played for maybe 2 minutes ... crash.Tried reinstalling and updating graphics drivers ... crash.Tried reinstalling the game .. crash.Bought a new computer, installed it, tried to start it ... won't even launch."
,Not Recommended,241560,17095846,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Br3thing P4nda 0,its made by and runned by u play which ♥♥♥♥s up do not buy
76561198060305282,Not Recommended,241560,13246118,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,GriffinFrendly,handling sucks fame rate limitations to 60fps so if you have a 120hz or 144hz monitor this game is wasted on them all in all not werth paying for yet maby forever we will see
76561198146143481,Not Recommended,241560,28085782,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,gtube3a,plz help im stuck on this preforming first time setup .... (step 1 of 1 ) how do i play the game
,Not Recommended,241560,28415203,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Chomppiex,zz
,Not Recommended,241560,17019387,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Bonrad,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
76561198058463994,Not Recommended,241560,23943463,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jonwood924,"Doesnt work, alienware 18 duel nvidia 980m's sli, crashes on start. DO NOT PAY IT DOES NOT WORK."
,Not Recommended,241560,13557727,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,muhi,"game sucks you make 20 min missions with your crew and after than one of 2 get a message, you have a problem with your network blabla bla.. give my money back **** this game! >:("
,Not Recommended,241560,13262922,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dangerous_Altoid,Too quick of a game to beat and I guess it was meant to be played with PvP mainly. This is WHEN Uplay is up and running for the game. If it isn't up you aren't playing. Just too much money for what it is worth.
,Not Recommended,241560,26671851,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Golden Vibe 00,I cannot launch the game due to the Uplay account activation being unavailable
76561198046604609,Recommended,241560,31431883,Posted: 28 April,all,Lynch Friend P^2,The best of the recent racing games
,Recommended,241560,28068412,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Earl Simmons | Farmskins.com,one of the best games I've ever played
76561198202164900,Not Recommended,241560,25210255,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Mavrx :D,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,241560,23688079,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Slajden,The Crew? More like The Lonely
,Not Recommended,241560,30657874,Posted: 21 March,all,Schillingfield,ganz und garnicht cool.
76561198213525033,Recommended,241560,34425328,Posted: 22 August,all,Don't judge a book by it's cover,FUN
76561198032347222,Not Recommended,241560,35223220,Posted: 26 September,all,THECAPPA,DO NOIT BUY THIS GAME! EAT A D#$K CREW DEVELOPERS THIS IS THE WORST DRICING GAME EVER!!!
76561198155859342,Recommended,241560,21049590,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Fadrlesin,my computer is to weak for this game :(but someday i will play this game and be happy because this game is so awsome :)
,Not Recommended,241560,19243828,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,AppleSaucy,"Hi I have purchased the game ""The Crew"" and it was not what I expected I am truly dissapointed. I would like to return my game for a refund. For I do not see it fit for me to play if I am unsatisfied with the game."
76561198288189401,Not Recommended,241560,25793972,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Sniper.Pro,tret
76561197996430509,Recommended,241560,14106464,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Noodles121,fun
76561198058327942,Not Recommended,241560,29657996,Posted: 2 February,all,Chart_E_Qc,"Stupid broken game! for more than a year now me and several ppl are experiencing multiple problem with this game. MAp is not loading properly, endless loading when quiting map or fast traveling too far and when loading back from pvp races.I made several notes to ubisoft on the problem and no solutions!!!! In fact, no one have found a solution!!!It WAS a great game but now its totaly broken!!!DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY and find a proper unbuged game, for me I defenetely unistall it, tired of killing the game every 15min becaus something jammed!!!!"
76561198158572400,Not Recommended,241560,15976611,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Epic_LostOnes24,don't waste your money on this game. Unfortunately not nearly as good as i thought i would be.  i was hoping for a very fun game but the crew let me down. I would rather have a actual good and fun game to play0/10just bad and have nothing else to saygoat simulator is a lot better than thisbottom line #The worst. wasted money even when it was on sale
,Not Recommended,241560,13598240,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Swägermeister,WORST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER NOT EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING PLAYABLE JUST WASTED 50 EURO DO NOT BUY THIS!
76561198083649974,Not Recommended,241560,32242483,Posted: 7 June,all,✪Nemo,98ku8ki8
,Not Recommended,241560,24820837,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Flapjack.exe,won't start. although grate game on xbox otherwise.
76561198078489789,Not Recommended,241560,16484580,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,State From Jake Farm,this game does not work
76561198118359595,Recommended,241560,14168825,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Blue_Ice,Love this Game
,Not Recommended,241560,33154661,Posted: 2 July,all,Ron Swanson,"This controls terribly and the first hour of this game is all I need to figure out that this game is what happens when you eat Forza Horizon, digest it, somehow vomit it up, re-eat it, then drink 30 bottles of hot sauce and eat 17 burritos from Chipotle, then vomit it back up into some creppy cat lady's litter box, eat the whole litterbox and what you hope is a cat, then experience the aftermath in video game form."
,Recommended,241560,17104588,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,mad,"Meh its fine,the map is big but i was expecting more in the graphics"
76561198109375490,Not Recommended,241560,25967933,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,NOTAGOODSPY,quite laggy
,Not Recommended,241560,25009725,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,BarDocK,Im simply gonna summarize the game :-Great map-Great concept-Stupid AI-Awkward Controlls-♥♥♥♥♥♥ Season Pass with only a few cars which they should have named it premium car pack or something BUT NOT THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ SEASON PASS-Wild Run DLC is not included in S.Pass and is almost as expansive as the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ base game-Wild Run removes basic game funcutions and adding them to itself so that you can only use them when u buy Wild Run-Ubisoft's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Marketing Strategies(the 3 above)-Ouuhh did you hear ? We are getting a Cops vs Criminals and guess what ?ITS NOT INCLUDED IN THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ SEASON PASSThis game's concept of season pass simply ruined the game.You can sipmly try for 2hrs for free and see if you liked it.At this point just wait since there is gonna be an ultimate edition so just buy that since that will include everything and u wont feel scrwed over like me.
,Not Recommended,241560,23950449,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Vengal,wow... paid $50 for this game and I have been unable to play it for a year.... just wow.
76561198077124467,Not Recommended,241560,29239650,Posted: 13 January,all,X-X,OMG.. to much bug .. on grafik is a good and game play .. but after crashes so far to return again and always losess .. Damn u UBISOFT
,Not Recommended,241560,16650095,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,goffagoffa364,no
,Not Recommended,241560,17130689,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,A$AP Scrubby,"Multiplayer is dead, servers are bad, driving is bad, game randomly crashes. Its so sad that Ubisoft had to ruin such a promising game, but on the bright side, there are steam refunds :)"
76561198245715008,Not Recommended,241560,30530422,Posted: 15 March,all,Monstereren,Why can i only play demo?! wtf    bad game
,Not Recommended,241560,23731084,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Soyeon,Uplay PlayU Never make it to ♥♥♥♥ing install the inshelper
76561198013908212,Not Recommended,241560,24602087,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SilentScope,"From the Crew experience I really hope they fix all the problems with Crew 1. I would definitely wait with any pre-order of Crew 2, let them suck at a bad presales and make them wonder why it is.This game had so many issues, especially in those blocked ports.  You have to open a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of ports on your router and even then it's no guarantee.After a few patches it finally runs but I lost months of gameplay and with that most of the will to continue playing."
76561198300313544,Not Recommended,241560,29454776,Posted: 23 January,all,BlackAssets,"last sunday i buy this game, I've download it and install it to my computer, and then i can't play this game, waiting for initializing for long time and the game still not working, now i realize that i buy something for nothing!"
,Not Recommended,241560,26232535,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,McDicky,♥♥♥♥ this game. you turn a little going at 40mph and then you lose control of your whole car. and the servers go down so much its stupid
76561198307794165,Not Recommended,241560,34183405,Posted: 11 August,all,ahmedhme,this game wont open hate it
76561197975634216,Not Recommended,241560,31605907,Posted: 7 May,all,Mazzoni,"Regularly crashes on launch, unplayable with wheel and pedals (turns left when braking and looks left and right while steering)."
,Recommended,241560,13190562,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,BulldoG,Pre-load simulator 201410/10 would pre-load after unlock date again.
76561198048431654,Recommended,241560,11917338,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Kona61,This is frickin awesome game with a huge map many cars an SO many missions to do!
,Not Recommended,241560,22967133,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Jones1296,"Its a really good game but i can`t recmmend it at its currenty state.Pros.-Good Graphics (If you have a beast GPU)-Cool story-Nice CarsCons-Gliches-Makes you repay for the ""Crew Wild Run""-Pay to win-Need a good GPU to run-Can`t do enything without crew Wild Run-Bad money making game-DLCs sometimes don`t work-Can`t play with your friends most of the time"
,Not Recommended,241560,13212155,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Chibana,Car handling is terrible. Your opponents turn with full speed perfectly but if you try to slow down and take a turn you still go into the walls... Overpowered opponents everywhere.
,Not Recommended,241560,13213591,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,outplayed,This games AI is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ cant believe how♥♥♥♥♥♥they are. just♥♥♥♥♥
76561198049742735,Not Recommended,241560,13292842,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,vontetris,"Absolutely ridiculous. Spent hours downloading and installing the game. Then found out that not only do I need a seperate client to play the game like Steam, but I also have to download Ubisofts client to open the game. And make a sepeate account with ubisoft. So now when I want to play the game, i have to open steam, then push pay and open U-play and push play again, which opens up a pop window in steam. WTF are you F**ing serious? And after 4 hours, and this stupid process the game finally loads up and the servers are down. Another game f***ed at launch. Will never buy another Ubisoft product again."
,Not Recommended,241560,13336447,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,BaconPlaysVideoGames,"(My experiences in the 30 minutes I've played this game...)*Me looking on steam store for new games for a christmas present to myself*OH BOY! An open world sort of game like Forza Horizon?! *click* BOUGHT!*Waiting for download, like a kid on christmas eve**Get up early on a school day just to play this game*Wow, 5:30 AM? Whatever, I still wanna play my game.*Loads up game*UPLAY?! Aw **** it! Why this! Stop trying to take over steam! This is just as bad a Origin!You mean I can't play singleplayer without an internet connection nor a UPlay account? What kind of bull crap is this?!What do you mean I already have an account? C'mon! I wanna play this game! I only have 1 hour left!*call customer support. At least the lady was kind enough to help me out! Good on her!**Loading up game FINALLY*Cmon! I've got 15 minutes left before I've got to shower! Let me see what I've been waiting for for 3 months!*Driving*Wait what?! A Ford F-150 Raptor can't do this! Why is it doing 100 MPH in a swamp?Why is it jumping like a short course truck?! I know these Raptors can jump, but they most certainly can't land!These police cars are worthless. They cannot stop you. The driving physics feel nothing like my truck IRL! (Profle pic at the time of 12/12/14...)*tries to find barn*WHAT DO I DO?! WHERE DO I GO?! WHY AM I SO CALM ABOUT THIS WITH THE 5-0 CHASIN' ME?!*finds barn and gets cool car*Ok, maybe this will redeem it. Legend of Zelda Orcarina of Time had the water temple... Maybe this is what I've been waiting for...*Drives car*Ok, you know what? These wheels don't even fit under the fenders! They said this was Race Spec! Bull Crap! Where's the customization?! Is this the tutorial? I opted out of it! Why am I still being taught how to drive?!I've raced cars IRL! This DOES NOT handle right! I've been Offroading IRL! I know how cars handle! This is suuuuuuper unrealistic. Forza Horizon isn't realistic at all but at least they had a foot in reality!You know what screw it... I wanted to play an arcade-like simulation. I got a lousy game that would work better on my IPhone 4... THE ORIGINAL 4!!!!*closes game, deletes game, cannot remove it from steam library, Balls.*FOR REAL! I've got a daily driver to maintain as well as a race car I'm building IRL! I could have used the money for spark plugs, oil, filters, windshield wipers, or save it towards wheels and tires!I can't get a **** refund. Not through steam. Not through ubisoft. I want my money back. I want my 2 hours of sleep I lost back.Now I gotta take a test tired today. I hate you all.-Brenracer, your friendly neighborhood racing driver."
,Recommended,241560,11871585,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ZeroSkilled,"This game is so worth every cent, it's like i'm re-experiencing Need 4 Speed: Underground 2! This really is one of the best Racing games up to date!"
,Recommended,241560,11878578,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,doN,so far pretty good game i had some problems with co-op beecause of the shitu Uplay that can ♥♥♥♥ed up evry game but  its really good game i had fun with my friend.
,Not Recommended,241560,29772269,Posted: 7 February,all,Unidentifed,Would like a refund not very good i bought the wild run expansion pack and still did not like it.
,Not Recommended,241560,19098883,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SGUdyr,"♥♥♥♥♥cars,♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanics,♥♥♥♥♥♥physics,♥♥♥♥♥♥customization,♥♥♥♥♥♥driving. 10/10 will never play gain"
,Not Recommended,241560,25823004,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,𝕃𝕚𝕧Ξ𝕧𝕚𝕝,"я зря покупал этот шлак, вы получите только большую бету в которой есть сюжетная компания и больше ничего.С недавних пор я ненавижу ubisoft, знайте, вы худшая компания на сегодняшний день. Ою оптимизации я продмолчу ,тк её нет , игра скучная до нельзя, если и хотите купить игру про гонки в открытом мире, то потратьте эти деньги(т.е 60$, именно столько стоит это игра сразу ,а не часть её ,которая есть у меня) на forza horizon3 , получше будет , да и поинтереснее, там хотябы требования себя оправдывают , я вижу нормальную картинку , не бесплатный шлак. Продолжайте в том же духе, надеюсь скоро люди потеряют к вам интерес, компания-предатель! искренне НЕ рекомндую эту игру!"
76561198062947013,Recommended,241560,32462712,Posted: 15 June,all,Cosby'd,its tight
76561198034104869,Recommended,241560,19268245,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,J.Mpoux HLN*,!@#%$%^&^&*
76561198322678936,Not Recommended,241560,28632158,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,khaloody_6`1,i bought this game and its not working DONT BUY IT!!!
,Not Recommended,241560,31995819,Posted: 27 May,all,Mongy Gorp,Physics are weird so not very good from a sim standpoint and you can't reset your progress or start again which is a ♥♥♥♥ing stupid desicion of the highest order and removes all motivation to go back after a really long break.
,Recommended,241560,13246850,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Tangy™,This is why Half Life 3 is delayed ( hint : look at the main character )
,Recommended,241560,11861086,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,boi,BUY THIS GAME NOW.
,Recommended,241560,13992880,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,I Wish I Was in Dixie,it's ok
76561198129364909,Not Recommended,241560,25415101,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Diesel,"Ever since day one I have found this game to be plagued with stability issues which that are unique to this game alone. It's the only game I own that crashes regularly and without warning, during missions or otherwise, on average about once per hour played. That combined with the pay to play aspects, uninspired storyline and the generally unintuitive interface make this game, IMO, not worth playing.I write this after coming to the game after a year of not playing. Truly it's just not worth the price, which really is a shame, considering how much I would've played this game had it been done properly."
,Recommended,241560,11924948,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Classy,I dont get my Activaction key.....
76561198169139090,Not Recommended,241560,33765478,Posted: 24 July,all,GHOST,The worst racing game i've ever played ! . Thanks ubisoft KEEP UP THE BAD WORK !!
,Not Recommended,241560,16971283,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,SHABOOPI,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, ""If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately."" Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- ""Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
,Not Recommended,241560,13291059,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Sonny Crockett,"It's like Skyrim, overhyped and not worth the price on release.I bought The Crew under the suspicion that there would be lots of fun missions, cars would be relatively accurate to their real-life counterparts, and there would be good music.None of this is true.I hate everything about this game, it's not fun, accurate or immersive. All the time I've played of this game I've spent glaring at my monitor in distaste and anguish. This is a hollowed out shell of a good game, filled with season passes and paywalls. After the Wild Run update, my game lags while I'm in cities and everywhere else is microstutter.I hate this game."
,Recommended,241560,31575422,Posted: 6 May,all,melonex,#äöüäöü
76561198160312139,Not Recommended,241560,16610706,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cadie Bear,its laggy for me its prob my pc but i cant change it and i cant get into free roam and you have to drive milions of miles
76561198206631600,Not Recommended,241560,27544025,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xD BaBeN WiLLe xD,"Hi When i starte the crew it yust sais""The crew have stopped working."" how can i fix it?"
,Not Recommended,241560,27554162,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,S U C C,I cant find the CD-Key Link i need to get it to uplay... Someone please help!
,Not Recommended,241560,31853961,Posted: 19 May,all,SimplyNinja,I never got my key after spending 30$.....
,Recommended,241560,17100868,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Fidel Swagstro,i liek dis gaem.get dis gaem.dis gaem is a fun gaem.EDIT - this game is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥... get Need for Speds instead
,Not Recommended,241560,22931806,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,armagangul,Game crashes at start often.I dont advise to spend money on this.Game itself is waste of time
,Not Recommended,241560,25239147,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,AdderVenomGaming,please dont make the mistake i made... i forgot that it doesnt take intel graphic cards and i wasted 50 bucks on the complete edition
76561198100376890,Not Recommended,241560,22920214,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,MemeCrusader,well it honestly sucks a big ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cause it doesnt work anymore
76561198058684011,Not Recommended,241560,19283583,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,jasfest,"the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ as spected from ubisoft, the resolution is terrible, which shows that this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port made whitout effort, bugs everywhere, cars fusing whit each others since minute one, terrible, just terrible, im getting a refund"
,Not Recommended,241560,30744256,Posted: 25 March,all,Capuchino21,i buy the game and then i look at the DLC then i think i dont want to waste too much money on DLC then i see season pass is 9 dollars and so i say might as well if its this low then i buy i activate the season pass and it is still telling me to buy the damned freaking DLC this is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off
76561198017152281,Recommended,241560,17123388,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Super Mario,i bye this games and is sad im done wich the toel can i bye the games that ♥♥♥♥ up
,Not Recommended,241560,25196458,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Spya,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing boring and it's worse than TDU 2.
76561198134953119,Not Recommended,241560,28156182,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mikhail Faustin,I cant start this game :(
,Not Recommended,241560,26410342,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Aleks MySmurf.com,worst racing game ive ever played
,Not Recommended,241560,35421622,Posted: 2 October,all,Tomm,k
,Recommended,241560,11864223,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Twiggy,"This is based on the Beta as of August 25th:I realize this is a beta and there may or may not be changes made to the things that I list, and if they have been changed after this review I will change it. That being said I'll begin my review.First impressions of this beta leave a lot to be desired. There are a couple things that I feel that ruin the immersion of the game and give it an unrealistic feel. The biggest example of this would be the car physics and handling. I understand that they are going for a more arcadey feel to the handling, and I went into the beta with full understanding of this. However, I feel that the handling could be improved. As it stands right now, the cars feel very ""floaty"". It feels as if the cars just slide around on the road, making them more difficult to drive than expected. This could be due to the strange sense of speed, which I will explain later on. There also seems to be a slight control input delay which could be a factor into this floaty feeling. It's not much of a delay, but just enough to feel it. I don't know if it's intentional to simulate the car having some weight but I feel as of right now that it is a little too much. Bear in mind I am playing with an Xbox 360 controller, and have not tried The Crew with a wheel or keyboard.The second thing that I noticed is the sense of speed. You do not feel like you are going as fast as you really are, which can lead to you misjudging corners and braking. As mentioned before, this probably attributes to the floaty feeling of the cars, since at higher speeds I would expect the cars to drift around. Some minor tweaks like adding more motion blur to the edge of the screen would help, even narrowing the field of view as you increased speed to simulate tunnel vision.So far that is my biggest concern with the game apart from obvious glitches and crashes which is to be expected in a beta. I am enjoying it quite a bit in the free ride and I feel once my friends get into the beta it'll be even more fun to drive around. It seems like it has a lot of potential to be a great casual racing game, but for me the actual racing isn't as fun due to, in my opinion, the strange handling of the cars. Offroad is a tun of fun especially in Raid Spec vehicles. and doing cross country trips is a blast.As far as graphics go, it's a great looking game, but it's not the best, which is fine by me. The damage modeling seems a bit over exaggerated, you hit a fence pole and suddenly you have a dent in the front bumper that would crush your engine block. The game is fairly well detailed especially in the customization. You can strip your car down and see the internals of your engine and gearbox, which while it isn't necessary, it is nice to see them putting in extra detail.There is a ton of customization options as far as body kits and rims. I love the fact that they added offical rims to the cars, instead of generic rims (which can still be used if you'd like). There are tons of bumpers, side skirts, hoods, and spoilers to choose from, although some of the bumpers do seem so much alike I couldn't tell a difference.Overall if I had to I suppose I would recommend the game, but not by much. The potential is there, but it does seem to be lacking in some areas and even though it's a beta there's no guarantee that these things will improve. If you haven't preordered it yet, just wait and see how the reviews are after release. To me it's not preorder worthy, and I may ask for a refund by the end of this beta and wait and see."
,Recommended,241560,11861039,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Melaifior,Great Game WIth Great Graphics.One of the best Racing games At the moment.The whole USA soil is youre playground spread in 5 Regions (u can drive across almost every terrain).This game is the perfect combination between MMO and RPG.And u dont have to play alone because theres always someone to play with(even if u dont know him) u can just invite him and race/make missions togheter.The game has lots of different tunings for ur car and has 5 different build option for every car.I can easily recommend this game.(Maybe its because i'm an MMORPG fan or its because its a great game)
,Not Recommended,241560,13202065,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Stalker1o2,Let’s Say this a UBISOFT it has the issues of it clearly do not trust the Positive reviews below. This game is buggy as hell doesn't support Nvidia surround at the current time causes lockup (have to alt ctrl Del) to force shut down program as alt-f4 does not work. Servers are horrible at the current time. It doesn't feel or flow right I mean the forums here are flooding with issues people are having.Save your money this is another let down.
76561198074333280,Recommended,241560,11862119,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Rosastar,"Great game so far, playing the Beta right now, sadly the game freezes sometimes :( but apart from that.. this game fills the hole TDU2 and forza horizon left :D"
,Recommended,241560,11864247,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,DEE,The Beta is pretty limited but I LOVE the game so far <3 Feels like Need for Speed Underground 2 + GTA with a huge map!
,Not Recommended,241560,17136126,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,iusedtolikeyou,"do NOT purchase, even on sale!ProsFun at timesGraphics are niceConsHorrible physics""Rubberbanding"" AI (just like you'd find in a cart racer)Low amounts of customizationLow amount of vehiclesVirtually NO performance options available except for the ones you unlock from races.Horrible main stream music with no variety.It is NOT a simulator as it is tagged.it is NOT a MMO.(about 10 people per session does not make it an MMO)The little multiplayer they have is badly done.The story, while decent, is a massive heap of plot holes, just forget about them it makes it better.Roads are made of what seems like ice.the speed indicated seems like its way faster than the speed you seem to be going.Wants to show me random pointless cutscenes every 30 seconds.Cities are not ever close to accuratly represented to scale or appearance.Free roam would be nice, except its useless. you are forced to enter the map to start missions anyway.Micro transactions for in-game currency, are you kidding me? On a $60 game!? (now 30)"
76561198113238156,Not Recommended,241560,17003599,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,BILLY BIG BALLS,"Turned on the crew and played it in big picture in my living room. My Dad walks in.Dad: what are you playing?Me: the crew.Dad: what is that?Me: a racing game, where you can drive anywhere in the USDad: oh.... So it's like google maps.10/10 would confuse Dad againwhen you think about it, all this game is a glorified google maps streetview"
,Not Recommended,241560,26702113,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Don't drop that thun thun.,when i started this game i had no monster trucks no bikes no drag cars no drift cars... what a♥♥♥♥♥♥game and no dlc cars.... never buy a game from Ubisoft
,Not Recommended,241560,17087318,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Reel Obsession,eh
76561198040943391,Not Recommended,241560,31661913,Posted: 10 May,all,butchville,"game constantly crashed and made my pc run very poor . needs to clients to run thiss game ,, and for that im sticking with mt ps4 version"
76561198011099033,Not Recommended,241560,29483111,Posted: 25 January,all,electricNekomimi,It's laced with spyware (Uplay). Please do *NOT* feed these crooks.
,Not Recommended,241560,28147659,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,knight ᵒʷᵒ,no
,Not Recommended,241560,13252376,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,T7 MODS: YouTube: GODLIKE99KINGZ,"Very POOR graphic. Colors are also ugly. I regret i spent my money on this game. Game looks like 5 years old, nothing new. NFS RIVAL is a lot better choice. Don't Recommend."
76561197994245329,Not Recommended,241560,13257333,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Psau,Another game that fails to even display its intro video.  Do not buy unless you like troubleshooting your games more than playing them.
,Recommended,241560,32373428,Posted: 12 June,all,Prominency,love it
,Not Recommended,241560,16586996,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cheunchin,Not that fun...
,Not Recommended,241560,16559346,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kewi,Crashes a lot
,Not Recommended,241560,25219461,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,needy,kill me
76561198294311783,Not Recommended,241560,30453967,Posted: 11 March,all,BulliedByUbisoftBeard,There are so many thing that i can get into about how this game is not good. The negitive out weigh the positives by so much.
76561198068497363,Not Recommended,241560,17123681,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,FreestyleCrazy,Steam refund works!
,Recommended,241560,11865528,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Brother?,"over all its good gameThis game is more Racing game then RPG.pretty nice grapics, cannot wait til Nov.119.5/10I recomnend this game"
,Not Recommended,241560,31646743,Posted: 9 May,all,Tye,Bought this game on UPlay and now when i hit pay on UPlay it's making me come here to buy it again FK OFF
,Not Recommended,241560,13203353,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Bangki Cocoa,server - unstableother things in my youtubehttp://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBk0aLZEoxcMr9sXY6l6s0aalO00sP-Iz
76561198118801735,Recommended,241560,11870425,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Psychotic Oz,Awesome game+ ok graphics+ good handling+ map size is awesome+ really fun- few textures look a bit choppy- needs more wheel support
,Recommended,241560,11866449,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Tav ™,"The handling on this game is really off with a keyboard and a controller, besides that the game looks amazing and has a huge map! Other than that the handling is something anyone can get used to over time with enough effort.Great game I just hope friending people on Ubisoft is only necessary for the BETA."
,Not Recommended,241560,17132568,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Tree,"The map shown when you first enter the game looks like about 90 or so players are on, then you get in and there is 1 player per each city.gg"
,Not Recommended,241560,28580779,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DarkGhost,Simply just not a fun game to play
76561198009352203,Not Recommended,241560,16607442,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Suleman Hogan,this game is a piece of crap due to not having evos....
76561198175870865,Recommended,241560,30561207,Posted: 16 March,all,lard,DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLCDLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLCDLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLCDLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC                                                                                                            The game is one big F@#$ing DLC if your on a fixed income and whant to do things with your life do not get this game but if you dont have a lfe like me and and have time to grind 100h on this game then do it this is a good game its a fun game 8/10 good game.
76561198094255012,Not Recommended,241560,13260038,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Nåtilyi,Error Code #1_0. My Region is not being serviced for this product etc etc... 0/10 so far -_-
76561198056555465,Not Recommended,241560,31385043,Posted: 26 April,all,Papa fada,bad
76561198272924125,Not Recommended,241560,23506923,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,midav_21,Добрый день! Сегодня приобрел игру the crew. Однако она не активируется. Пишет buy the crew wild run.Заходим по ссылке и там пишет что магазин недоступен. Помогите разобраться
,Not Recommended,241560,23732425,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Zetsubō,"Be$$$t (after EA ofc.) dlcIn 2014 was really good with new features,graphics,etc vs NFS MW,Rivals.But now,better buying GTA:V,NFS 2015.And yeah it was free some time to take..."
76561198096707228,Not Recommended,241560,33795582,Posted: 25 July,all,SlickBananaLad,"Terrible, seriously expensive, its pay to play basicaly. Physics are terrible. And now they released a trailer for the crew 2 and its even worse than this one xD. This game had potential but they seem not to care, so good luck ubisoft, your going to need it."
,Not Recommended,241560,35329098,Posted: 30 September,all,Watching Eye,Pay to win.
,Recommended,241560,13202683,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,~S9~ ScaredHobo,I flipped the car upside down and it rekt me....10/10
76561198061689865,Recommended,241560,11929062,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,[Trini]Mr.Nobody,awsome game
76561197988388708,Not Recommended,241560,17077851,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,InDigital,I am really dissapointed in game graphics.Gmeplay is arcade style. It could be ok. But graphics...It is 2015 but game looks like 1995.
76561198086070530,Not Recommended,241560,28110911,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DaGrain,played 53 minutes
,Recommended,241560,11868270,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,GiDEC,Never drive alone10/10
,Not Recommended,241560,19282392,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Cuddletauren,Ubisoft delivers again. REFUND. LOW FRAMERATE. TERRIBLE WHEEL SUPPORT (the most disgusting in the industry). Even at $14.99 the game isn't worth it.
76561197979587528,Recommended,241560,11961871,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,InKogNitO,Got me so hooked!
,Recommended,241560,11904547,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,RTarson,"I like the game, some errors with game texture though. Ubisoft put out the games by Far Cry 3 and Watch Dogs. but so far I seen all there city games it looks cloudy, like hazy!!! I have all the settings on ultra but yet it looks all crapy this is a beta but they really need to get there game art fixed."
,Recommended,241560,11869298,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,aHooligaN,"Damn, this is one of my most favourite racing games I've ever played and its still in beta.Game looks great, has some of my favourite cars.But, I don't like this 30 FPS crap. Same thing happened with Rivals and it ruined the game. Hopefully once the game comes out it'll just be fine.But overall, easily the best racing game I've played."
,Recommended,241560,11869049,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Stacked\\,"been a Need for Speed fan since forever, the crew is a great successor, the driving feels NFS like and pretty much on point. The Beta had a level cap but was really enjoyable, can't wait to use different cars and specs, also the world looks amazing even low/medium settings and the small details are super cool!"
76561197977267103,Recommended,241560,28090261,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Says it has wheel support..... but all it does is waste my time trying to get the damn game to recognise mine (set to ""Wheel"" or ""Autodetect""). The Wheel works magnificently in Assetto Corsa and Project Cars.X-Box controller works.The play system is extremely convoluted also.... (the menu`s dont make a lot of sense). Its extremely haphazard to the eyes.But they gave it away for free on Origin (after I bought it [but we got an extra version also]).If it were not for the free version for a family member, it would be a down-thumb, because I hate code-punks wasting my hard-earned free time."
76561198160284210,Not Recommended,241560,26299636,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,xzandox,it dosnt even work so u shouldnt sell it
76561198160365246,Not Recommended,241560,35383180,Posted: 1 October,all,☣SilverWolf☣,GTFO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,241560,25843933,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,sunthespot,Poor mans Forza.
,Not Recommended,241560,32543550,Posted: 18 June,all,MonkeyTroll,DAS
76561198139513435,Recommended,241560,11941476,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Mike Jones,THIS GAME IS AWESOMEEEEE   CANT WAIT UNTIL NOVEMBER AHHHHHHH       9/10 easily
,Recommended,241560,13188867,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Atrax,"uses u-play, even though i bought it for steam, big minus.... other than that. its amazing.There are some frustrating mission, and elements to the game, that can irritate. like if you are doing a slalom challenge, there keeps comming NPC cars in front of you making it impossible to complete unless you retry 10 times till you get lucky with NPC spawn.The mechanics are great though, it simulates driving very well, and is a fun to explore world."
,Recommended,241560,11909732,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Very Buttery Bread,Meh........*Edit: After the full release.........still meh.
,Recommended,241560,13205786,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Herobyte,10/10 gotta go fast  -sonic
,Not Recommended,241560,31937845,Posted: 24 May,all,Bill O'Riley Cyrus,I grew bored real quick
76561198117245205,Not Recommended,241560,31827724,Posted: 18 May,all,toughmanov,"i cant play because game is stupidly freezing on loading screen, absolutely dont buy never ever!!"
,Not Recommended,241560,21083640,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jarox,Pure Cancer
,Not Recommended,241560,26596176,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,oNyx,Just car and map
,Recommended,241560,11954711,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Babyhunts,GET IT!
76561197970524443,Recommended,241560,13873245,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,HooksGURU,"A fantastic open world racer, that may have minor ssues, but that does not hold it back from the finish line. The largest open world used in a racing game, spanning accross Ivory Tower's vision of the United States of America. From point to point the game is packed with a story that introduces and improves racing elements, skill challenges, head to head races, roaming lands that take you beyond paved road systems, and late game Faction Races that pit you against the whole world of players.Negative aspects include client to server communication isssues, stats being incorrectly recorded at times, disruptions of online events, and inaccurate car mechanics. All of which have been stated as addressed in the near future.Graphically, the game could use more on the PC side, as there is technology that goes unused due to console limitations. It does not look bad, but it is in no way eye-candy.This game is not for simulation fans of the Project Cars style gameplay. This game is for those that want to jump in and go balls out across limitless road combinations.All in all, an exccellent addition to people's collection, and has a bright future with endless room for improvement and additional content."
,Not Recommended,241560,31570129,Posted: 5 May,all,TechPcGamer,this racing game is trash  and only gose up 2 60 fps thats it  and its laggy
,Recommended,241560,13191565,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Poyoman,best game ever
,Not Recommended,241560,24960375,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Darkgray,I loved test drive but this game flatout sucks it dont even run well on a gtx 1070 dont buy 4/10
,Not Recommended,241560,31504509,Posted: 2 May,all,Rante,DONT BUY THE GAME IS FUN BUTTTT UBISOFT DONT FIX THE ROAD LOADINGS I WAS IN A RACE THAT IS OVER AN HOUR AND I WAS ALMOST AT THE END AND GUESS WHAT HAH NOPE ROAD DOESNT LOAD ♥♥♥♥ YOU AND ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME AND ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ UBISOFT
,Not Recommended,241560,25578267,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,🅱🅸🅻🅻🅼🅸🅵🆄,the only thing which works fine in this game is the uninstall button..
76561198119148792,Not Recommended,241560,14143236,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Man with a hand,Can't run over  j3wsh people 0/10
,Not Recommended,241560,23749910,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Storm,Sucks
,Not Recommended,241560,24966965,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Löwe (P-NUT),waste a monay!
,Not Recommended,241560,33062965,Posted: 30 June,all,TheBlueOne,"its a game im doing this for summer sale, kinda lame though but im not a big fan of racing games"
,Not Recommended,241560,25507599,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Zipper,Cannot cover driver's ugly face.
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,241560,18476590,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Dustin,"UPlay sucks A*S, racing games suck more A*S! This game takes the WORST of both worlds!Whether it's the wanna-be Samuel Jackson ""typical black guy""... or the ""white wanna-be DEAD Paul Walker"" We don't give a F*CK! F*CK PAUL DIC*ER AND HIS FAMILY!A sh*tty storyline for a sh*tty racing game. Blends well mixed into an overall SH*TTY MOTHERF*CKING PIECE OF SH*T!Watch Dogs is better, 'nuff said.1/10"
,Recommended,241560,11916159,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Owen Wilson,"Overall great game.The physics are kinda dumb in this game.Like, everycar has cat physics for some reason,  it looks pretty weird when you do missions where you have to take someone down.I didn't need to use microtransaction in this game. I don't know why people care about it. Just do missions and you'll get money."
,Not Recommended,241560,31282038,Posted: 21 April,all,de_t1lt,I started playing video games probably 15 years ago and this is without a fakin doubt the worst game I have ever played! First of all I would like to point out the only 2 good things about this game.First one is graphics and the second one is open world free drive or whatever you want to call it.The negatives are way to much and I can't be bothered to type all of them.Just DON'T BUY this pure cancer of a game!!! I bought it on sale and I'm mad AF that I didn't just buy 15000 P250 Sand Dunes (Battle-Scarred).
76561198360036697,Not Recommended,241560,34269536,Posted: 15 August,all,[1X-1]Brandon Holder,its to easy for me
,Not Recommended,241560,34408372,Posted: 21 August,all,Echo,g ěy
,Not Recommended,241560,11899447,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,treminaor,"This is a review of the FIRST BETA.Bad gearbox support for racing wheels (I used the G27) - you will constantly find yourself popping the clutch and trying to change into a gear 3 or 4 times before the game finally registers it because their gearbox detection doesn't work at all until the clutch is COMPLETELY down.They also start every race with a cutscene of you speeding off into the race, which means when they finally give you control of the car you don't know what gear to put it in! You have to guess! Sometimes it's third, sometimes its fourth, sometimes its second, and you will lose every race where you don't guess the gear correctly because there is no margin for error in the races."
,Not Recommended,241560,11894802,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,☠mankey☠,"Single player isnt too bad. Story is bland and we have seen it a million times. Cars are good, level of customisation isnt too bad either.Where it really fails is gameplay. Horrible steering system, NPC vehicles spawn right infront of you causing you to lose the race most times, invisible objects/ objects way harder/softer then they are supposed to be (crash into a bus and it goes flying but crash into a mini cooper and you hit a brick wall), no catchup system so its really just a matter of who crashes the most = no skill needed.If this was f2p i would probably play it. But for $75 i want a refund.Imagine need for speed but randomly cars spawning in front of you, you cant steer well  and you might hit an invisible wall."
76561198079358696,Not Recommended,241560,11950625,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,chrisskb,"I was excited about this game when the first trailer came out. And then i played the beta, i was completly disapointed, it has the worst handling i ever expierenced in a racing game. Feels like you controlling boxes, that dont want to turn. Just feels like crap, the graphics are last gen and damage model sucks. Its nothing what it looked like in the trailers, also it wouldnt let me change my button layouts on my controller wich i wasnt happy about. I know its still beta but ill doubt they will change anything by the time the game comes out. Its a shame the game has a lot of potential but the handling just kills the whole game for me."
,Not Recommended,241560,13189910,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,RuschGaming,"the idiots of ubisoft had since beta to fix the things that matter the most it feels like they havent done anything to it at all. game keeps on crashing, memory leaks, freezes your computer for fun. ( i have a high end gaming rig ) would i recommend this game to anyone? nope."
,Not Recommended,241560,11875791,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Send bob,the game has glitched so the toturial with the ford raptor svt drt edition wont let me drive to the checkpoint i do not reccomend this game before they fix this. if anyone kow how to fix this please tell me. i know the controlls and i have lowered the graphics
,Not Recommended,241560,11903673,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Dageroth,"Bought the game before the deadline for the beta start, i got the beta key after i bought it, but steam failed to download the whole game and also gave me a faulty beta key after i got it fully downloaded. Steam ""guaranteed access to the PC Closed Beta"" The game looks like a lot of fun and i have read up on it and wouldve really liked to try it out since i payed $60 for it. But you know nothing can ever be perfect, Just hope i will be able to play the game when it comes out since the key is not working and there is no support team to talk too."
76561198065617904,Not Recommended,241560,11889969,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,CU FOFINHO,"i bought this game now just for the closed beta and i can't play. When there isn't infinite actualizations,the server is unavailable...so i can't play this fu*** game!!!"
76561197960480815,Not Recommended,241560,11896327,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Morotstomten,failed to connect to proxy
,Not Recommended,241560,30403534,Posted: 8 March,all,csteere,Great game if you like pretending like every car is driving through slushy snow that happens to be invisible.
76561198289313098,Recommended,241560,30401637,Posted: 8 March,all,vengeful 0ne,best car game ever
76561198138295907,Recommended,241560,15755716,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,mymclover [BE],one of the best games i have found. lots of setting to adjust driving
,Recommended,241560,17160442,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,renesteeman,"Large map, great cars, a lot of things to do, missions are replayable, looks great, but there are some bugs and things that could have been better, but that are just some small things like mirrors that don't work!"
,Recommended,241560,17189206,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,DarkyaGamingRO,"A really good game but its not quite MMO, the multiplayer its OK but i need someone to play because all the players either don't want to play missions or don't want to join my crew"
,Recommended,241560,17201275,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ImmaBitch,Hey guys.....Need some help here.I do not know how to buy full content in this game. Because it is just Trial Version? Can you help me?
76561198073511721,Recommended,241560,17146371,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,LolaAnderson83,"This is one of those times where Steam really needs a ""neutral"" option. I've only just started this game and so far I find it enjoyable enough but I can completely understand why people don't like it.First, let's deal with the elephant in the room: microtransactions in a $60 game, DLC is overpriced for what you get, DRM in the form of vague and unnecessary MMO-elements, and Uplay is a thing. Basically, Ubisoft is Ubisoft and ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft.How about some positives? The world is enormous and quite beatiful too. I can't remember where I read this but I saw that someone did a road trip from NYC to LA and it took 39 minutes, averaging 150 MPH, to give you a sense of scale. There's plenty of missions and things to do, tons of hours of gameplay if you're willing to invest the time. Car customisation is fairly extensive. You have to unlock most of the parts but there are plenty as areas that can be customised, including the interior, which is something I haven't come across in other racing/car games.And now for the negatives. As you probably expect, the story is rubbish: you avenge the death of a character you've barely met as a character you won't care about. Hmm, now where have I seen this before? Oh, that's right, every other Ubisoft game of 2014! You play as Alex, a former streetracer who is working with police to takedown an illegal street racing/gun smuggling/drug sumggling gang. Like his Watch Dogs counterpart Aiden, he has all the personality of a wet napkin and is completely forgettable. And he also looks like Gordon Freeman's idiot cousin. The car list has some nice selections but it is short, only about 50 cars. The cars themselves have terrible physics that are neither realistic nor particularly fun. They feel very heavy but have little grip, and all seem to snap-oversteer at unusual times with bad understeer the rest of the time; adjusting steering sensitivity hasn't changed this. Spins that would easily be saveable with the throttle and countersteer in other games with proper physics are impossible to save here. I've only played with a 360 controller so far but I'll try my racing wheel at some point to see how that goes. Side quests (mostly small challenges scattered throughough the world) unlock new performance parts but are very repetitive and mostly ""meh"" anyway.So why do I recommend this game? Personally, I get a lot of enjoyment from just cruising around the world, discovering landmarks and locations along the way. That factor alone has actually the purchase for me, and the fact I got it on sale made the deal much better. Overall, while I haven't played the most recent games in the series, The Crew feels on par with most of the Need For Speed games I've played: not much in the way of a good narrative but a decent car game, if you're into that sort of thing. If you own an Xbox One (I don't but often use my friend's), I'd recommend picking up Forza Horizon 2 instead; it's a substantially better game on the whole. If you don't, you could do worse than this. The reason I enjoy it is very likely in the minority but to each his/her own. There is a free 2 hour demo, so download that and see what you think."
76561198173589641,Recommended,241560,17146700,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Kos_125,flop
76561198210918652,Not Recommended,241560,17147624,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,joeyboy3231,"It says that i have to buy the full vearsion I DID, i paid my money for it on the weekend sale, My hard earnd money. Please help me get the full game steam I paid the money WHY???????????!!!!!!"
,Recommended,241560,17149438,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Panda,"I really like this game! Its fun, but constantly crashes. i really wish ubisoft and ivory tower would fix this"
,Recommended,241560,17152017,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Joobles       Hungry for Hands,"I didn't quite know what to expect from The Crew, but it delivers the premise of a massive world, of many cars, of racing and sporting and car related activities. What I really didn't expect was a story as gripping as this one. I expected something fluffy and immaterial to be propped up by cars, cars, cars, but this plot certainly has a certain something that made me sit up and pay attention."
76561198063996862,Recommended,241560,17154841,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,✪ M PoWeR ✪,nice
76561198227593556,Recommended,241560,17101726,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,IKEY412,not a bad game wish that you dont lose cops to easy tho
76561198068618994,Recommended,241560,17109956,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,JteFracasseLaTraché,good game for 29.99 don't buy at full price
,Not Recommended,241560,13312755,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Zedominus,Instead of writing an essay on how good or bad this game is here's my conclusion for it:POSITIVES:-Very large map (basically a mini scale U.S.). Takes about 2 hours in real time to make a loop all the way around it.-Very long campaign story.-PVP lobbies (Best way to earn money and XP). Alot of people farm these events for XP and cash-Nice graphics if you're running game on ultra.- Landmarks that you can visit and earn money from when you visit one for the first time.-Cockpit view although side and rearview mirrors don't have a reflection. Just there for looks.-Works great with XBOX controller. That's about it though so I've heard- Some faction races that last 2 hours in real time. It's cool if you like endurance races. Although they are not really worth it since they should have a much higher payout. It's the next best thing besides PVP lobbies though.-Pretty in-depth car customizationNEGATIVES-Freaking Ushit-Rubberbanding of other players.-Overpowered AI where if you mess up they jump like a mile ahead of you in a couple seconds and it's hard to catch back up to them.-Cops just ram you and that's it.-Microtransactions in a game that you pay $60 for.-Missions and challenges that don't give you enough cash.-Steering is unrealistic. All the cars in the game handle like they are on butter instead of asphault.- A pretty run of the mill story with no originality. Very forgettable.Overall it's not worth it and the fact that they just ditched the Crew Credits altogether and just made you pay real money upfront is just pathetic. This is my last Ubisoft game I'll ever purchase unless they show me something spectacular. Don't waste your time with this. It's not really worth it in the end. This game will probably be dead in a while anyway.
,Recommended,241560,17087021,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Tooru,"Damn, this is one huge map xD"
76561197990363217,Recommended,241560,17098089,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,CFH,"I had my doubts wit the bad reviews. The pople that review this game in a bad light dont like ARCADE games. Treat the game the way its supposed to be played and you will love it. Fast, amazing graphics, fun, fast, loving, fast, addictive, fast, JUST LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,241560,17083207,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,kylefigula,"This is the most amazing car game I've ever played. You can free froam for over 10 hours and still not see the whole map, and it's not walking, it's driving, it's a huge map. I would definitely recommend this game, especially as a replacement to NFSW that is being abandoned since you can see and join other live racers just like NFSW. I recommend this for sure, and it has a decent story to it too but it doesn't force you to play it."
,Not Recommended,241560,11903452,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Liquidmane,"Forget everything i said, once you get to 50 and do all the missions and stuff, there is not alot to do...wait for all the dlc to come out, wait for season pass and game discount, wait for price drop? maybe i'll recommend it :/at full price i dont recommend it sadly :SJuly 17 edit:it has/had a 50% discount!, im at ""meh"" levels for this game, it's not good but it isn't bad either...also havent played it since i first posted this review, i'll re-edit this when the expansion comes out (wild run i think), looking forward to drift and drag spec (?)would i recommend this game? personally no...but this is based on when the game was first launched and doesnt include the DLC thats been released since launch...i might revisit this game one day (especially since they announced that new expansion pack!)"
,Recommended,241560,30531666,Posted: 15 March,all,AllmostJDM,"It's the best game in here steam, because there is so good mechanisms, it has ultimate graphics and the is many tuning styles, but there is no many players online with you."
,Not Recommended,241560,17138248,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,TotallyChicken akaHighPingMaster,ive played in 0.3 hours its the woorst game it requerd ubisoft ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ubihard♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241560,17160766,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,FUEL4THEMEYER,"I wonder if all of the people rating this game negatively realize that real cars don't really stick to roads while going 240 mph. You can change some of the control settings, and I highly recommend playing with Hardcore car control assist, it makes the handling much more bearable. I also have no idea why people are complaining about ""rubberbanding"" NPCs, I finish pretty much every race with a half mile lead. Another thing I noticed was people complaining about lack of car variety. Most people I've seen whining about that only have 3-5 hours in the game, which from my experience, isn't enough playtime to get to the variety of vehicles the game provides. I can't exactly say I would buy this game for $60, but I got it on sale for half off, and at $30, I recommend it. If you get a chance to pick this up on sale, I'd say give it a chance."
,Not Recommended,241560,19435198,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Hairy Clutch,"I had to change my review to accomodate recent game changes. The new DLC content locks out old dlc players and now, if you already payed for the game and all of the older DLCs, they've taken away all of your progress and vehicles from those DLCs until you pay for the newest one(They took away all of my motorcycles from ""Wild Run"" and all of my cars from the vehicle packs). It's corrupt and I honestly think that we deserve a refund on the game. I payed for a product and I would like to be able to continue to use it but this developer has taken that product back from me with no refund which is truly criminal."
76561198064298890,Recommended,241560,13430494,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,mwnek1993,"i dont know why people are so damn picky with a video game that does exactly what the developer wanted it to do... make people have  fun... i mean honestly i have yet to have ""server"" issues ive yet to say EVEN once ""wow this game needs to be addressed in (insert here)"". its a great game that i would put somewhere in between the forza series and need for speed as far as physics go. the map is absolutely incredible the customization is incredible. the only issue i have would be the car count. and thats the ONLY place this game is skimpy in. i believe there is about 30 cars before any dlc. i mean where else would you be able to lift a 370Z and go off roading in the swamps of louisiana?!?!"
76561197976697387,Recommended,241560,13433111,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,FrostyXtreme,Awsome racing RPG
,Recommended,241560,13435176,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Eberlium,Awesome game but uplay is a ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031663151,Recommended,241560,13529064,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CASANOBA,GOOD AND FUN GAME TOO PLAY WITH FRIENDS       8 OUT OF 10
76561198041158961,Not Recommended,241560,13223064,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Lyper,Barely works... Can't even finish the story mode 4 month after release.. another great job ubisoft... I Won't buy anything from you again nice customer support btw... LOL
76561198192349282,Recommended,241560,30859873,Posted: 31 March,all,_The_Thunder_Gaming_,"I played for about 10 hours then stopped, now it's not letting me open it again"
76561198153205560,Recommended,241560,30860373,Posted: 31 March,all,DC3725,"I preordered this game back in 2014 and have sunk about 100hrs into it. What I can say is that if you're looking to have a good map to just race around on with friends, this is the game for you. The racing is ok, but not extremly memorable, and progress is slow(ish). Personally I think Forza Horizon 3 has a lot more going for it, but I have yet to play a game with a map as diverse and fun and beautiful, as this one. Also the customization is absalutely excellent in this game."
,Not Recommended,241560,14476333,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,General Jason,"The Crew was a completely different game when it was released. For all the cheap gamers, and free UBi 30 people getting the game, here is a breakdown you may want to read up on before investing hours in this game. The Crew of today is a broken mess.On paper, The Crew is a fantastic game that gives you the freedom to drive how you like. On road, or off road, in performance vehicles and off road buggies. The RPG element assures you keep playing to level up your car to max tune, while finding which part will give you the extra edge in PVP races. Speaking of PVP races, that element is completely broken. You are not able to play online the way you want, and are forced into a voting system of both map and car spec. The physics are either too heavy or light as a feather, with car control being changed on vehicles every singe update. The amount of grinding needed to max a car to its full potential is unreal and not very rewarding.I am going to break this down into points, and remember I say all this because I loved the game, I had very high hopes for the game and in the end it let me down.I have over 500 hours invested. It was THE game I was hoping would fill my racing void, and for a long time, it did. However, a day 1 vet of The Crew has some words for you devs. Here is what they DON'T want you to know about...1- Your internal network for people to connect to and play together has always been broken. We cant find people to race with, connectivity issues, lag issues, being dropped and unable to see others in the world has always been there. You had the opportunity to make a rock solid online experience, but you never did complete it.2- Due to your unfinished and broken internal online network, people couldn't connect and play online in PVP. Once the numbers dropped to 200-500 people worldwide played at any given time, there wasn't enough people to connect to specific regions in PVP. Personally I enjoy C spec in West Coast maps, but S or R or D specs you may sit for 20 minutes and not find a match and connect to a lobby. So, your solution: merge ALL PVP together and opt into a voting system for the map and spec. This breaks online, not allowing us to play how we want online. Due to your game loosing popularity, we the players now get to suffer by not being able to play the game the way it was intended.3- Wild Run. Why did you force us ALL to update to the wild run infrastructure? I didn't pre order it, or buy it day 1, but when I launch my game the day Wild Run went public, my game had the splash screen, the D pad challenges and all the landmarks and spots in freedrive. I have content that I DO NOT have access too, but it is there for me to drive too. Once you engage or visit Wild Run content, is asks you to go buy the DLC. What a cheap low ball approach to DLC. There should be 1 main game (how it was originally) and Wild Run separate with all the DLC content. If I dont have the new DLC, DON'T SHOW IT TO ME. Don't force me into DLC, its just a greasy cash grab approach.4- Vehicle handling and rubber banding. Sure, you give many options to fine tune your cars handling, and we appreciate that. But overall, you tweaked the games handling on all the cars so much that once you get used to a cars handling, its modified in the next update. The physics are horrible, and have always been the weak point of the game. Sloppy, laggy and unresponsive, or too responsive controls. The weight of the cars, and balance is something I do not enjoy. Then when Wild Run came out, you re did the whole physics engine to allow jumping. Well, how can you allow jumping when the physics engine doesn't comprehend that type of behavior to begin with? Its a total mess driving cars at this point. Its like a air mattress, that was bad to begin with, but you keep patching the holes every time it gets punctured. It's still crappy, looks worse and will never be the same.Should I go on? I only say all this, not as a hater, but as someone who fought the battle side by side with you. When NFS, and other racers came out, I sat here and defended you, pushed all my friends your way, and had long road trips day and night, streaming and private with friends. Now, seeing you want to force spoon feed us another DLC at $60 just blows me away. Go look at the stats, at any given time 100-300 people play this game worldwide. It's time to lay The Crew down to rest, I won't be surprised when you announce servers will be shut down in a year. RIP Crew, it really has been a ""Wild Run""Trust me, you will find something to love in The Crew, for me, it was to stop playing it.."
76561198010612160,Recommended,241560,18255767,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Bjørn,"A open-world driving game. Same feeling as Need for speed and burnout, but it's huge and it takes a looooooong time to get everthing. The lock is on 60 Fps, but beside that this is a very good game.Overall score 8 of 10."
,Recommended,241560,26103916,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Deadeverytime.,Good game liked to play it. i loved the graphics and the sandbox. most of it i liked was to drive in the forest when it was night
,Recommended,241560,25981691,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,The 13th KING Tiger II,Average.5/10.
,Recommended,241560,26028866,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,pootayan,Game keeeps running even tho I exitted the game. Plase fix this. Thank you.
,Recommended,241560,26055124,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,we boolin xd,"One of the best racing games ever.No, it is not a simulator, nor is it a Nascar game.It just one of those freeroam games that happens to have racing and a ton of cars in it.Although, I would wait until there is a sale.And if you want a REALLY good car game and happen to have a console, get FH3.buh-bye"
,Recommended,241560,26089482,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Dinnerjab,This is one of the best  driveing games i have played in a while. haveing the whole usa to drive around in is great. ya the storys not the greatest but its mostly used to get you some eazy cash and a start on a sweet whip. I understand peoples complants about finding a crew and it can be hard depending on when you are tryin to play i find that fridays and staterdays the servers are farly full. cop ai has improved a lot and with the next expansion they are dropin callin all units can ya say player vs player cops and racers F ya. see ya all in game burning rubber and eatin my dust Dinnerjab out.
,Recommended,241560,27278254,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arnold Schwarzenegger,VRUM VRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUM
76561198130662438,Recommended,241560,27307857,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ste6000,The only game on steam that I never uninstall. Always a good quick go to.
76561198091117407,Recommended,241560,27304935,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DeDarko,very fun and worth your money.
,Recommended,241560,27319148,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,££££,"Open world car, game very good for playing in coop mode with you crew"
,Recommended,241560,27113151,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,White Wolf,"Map is really big, that's cool but physics are too bad. Driving feels like you're driving a bicycle. And Season Pass doesn't include EVERYTHING. Mission designs are pretty good, in my opinion. Playing with friends is fun, but if you're alone, I don't think you can enjoy the game so much."
76561198033666215,Recommended,241560,27285163,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kglambe,"This is a very enjoyable game when it works. The story is alright, the car list is very decent and there's a lot of customisation. However i have had my bad days with The Crew. For instance when i first bought the game Uplay thoughtit was a demo version so after 10hrs of gameplay it repeatedly stopped me from accessing the game. As well on two occasions the game has failed to realise i have purchased the wildrun DLC meaning i haven't been able to particpate in the summit or drive some of my cars as they are DLC. All in all The Crew is a mix between hours of pure unrestricted chaos across the US and rage indusing problems which shouldn't be happening in the first place. However the goodtimes mostly outweigh the bad."
,Recommended,241560,27296539,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pizzeria Pepperoni,"Open World, Cars, Friends. Good combination. Something is still missing, I don't know exactly what yet."
,Recommended,241560,26713461,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,$7EAK,8/10
,Recommended,241560,26580190,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Juviolex,Yeah cool game I guess.
,Recommended,241560,26826554,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,yes LOWBFG,Игра в которой DLC стоит как игра.
,Recommended,241560,26673396,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,TobY |,"My opinion: Huge map is tolerating all the cons of this game. I am just happy about crusing around.Cons:Server issues happens sometime and game does not start at allThe wild run expansion changes the game a little bit even you do not have it, but when you see an event and try to enter, message says you have to install wild run. This is ridicuolus.The concept is wonderful. having a crew to compete against others is what makes racing fun. But there is not much reason to look for players on the map because most online players are busy with PVP events. And the story is not urging you to play as a group. Good concept, bad execution.PVP events (online races) are open to everyone and if you have not completed most of the game you will most probably be beaten to smoke. Cuz you will not have platinum parts from skills on the map and therefore other players with platinum parts will be flying away from you. This could be understandable, if there were a proper match making algorithm.Physics are not realistic, mostly like an arcade game.There are weird glitches like flying to the moon all of a sudden.And i do not see any other flaws in the game. Here are the pros:The map is huge and the visuals are aweome. (Some optimizations could be better)The soundtrack in missions are awesome but they do not play in freeroam. You have to listen to radio in freeroam. Radio contains classical music, ambient music, rap, rock, electornic... A wide range.Story is easy because most of the time, you are given a car to ride. so you do not have to have an expensive car in your pocket all the time. And when you need one, there are like a hundred of different skill actions which gives you new parts.Physics are weird for a racing game but just right for an open world game. This is not a simulation. Remember Need for Speed Most Wanted from 2006. The physics reminds me of that game, and it was too an amazing game.5 different camera angels are all yours to select. Some games has only 2.Cars are divided into multiple types. So you can go off road with a dirt car or completely out into the wild with a raid car. You can have a hypercar (performance car) to travel in light speed. I actually do not understand the Street cars :D Circuit cars are ideal for point to point agile drivng. How much more diversity do you want?There is a faction system, which is kind of a mafia wars over the whole map, but it does not much mean to belong to one faction. This is a good idea but no one cares about it.There are faction races to increase your factions reputation. These races can be less than 10 mins or longer than an hour. There are two particular races, one is like 3.5 hours long dirt race and the other is a 2 hours long performance race. BTW, this was my childhood dream. An hours long race which does not involve looping the same track.So if you do not mind some server issues, sloppy physics, out of the concept gameplay and some glitches, this game is a great openworld racing game."
,Recommended,241560,26609204,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Renekage,"Has the best possible pc at the moment, has gigabit internet, runs at 2 frames on lowest graphics setting, 10/10 would get my computer caught on fire again."
,Recommended,241560,26911836,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Loli Police,Probably the second most fun i had in a racing game after forza horizon 3
,Recommended,241560,26920276,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord llQ,Better than what people say
,Recommended,241560,24122302,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,neoman,"It's hard to fully describe the charms in The Crew. It's a driving game more than a racing game, it's a broken MMO, it's a semi functional Diabloesque Car-RPG, It's a run of the mill single player game.And then again, it's a work of art, with one of the most fully realised open worlds ever built, featuring the entire USA, with it's most recognizable cities, mountains, forests, with every square inch drivable, with dynamic weather and day-night cycles, where you can feel the pleasure of driving with a small but ecletic selection of vehicles, in beautifully rendered cockpits, every vehicle completely customizable, and travel anywhere you want in this huge map right from the start.With the possibility for friends to join you in these roadtrips, and in the campaign mode, the pleasure is amped the amount of friends you manage to play with.Word of the advice: the default steering settings are too floaty and unintuitive for some people, me included, but with every driving setting available for you to tweak at your leisure, the game will certainly fit every racing enthusiast's preferences wit a bit of fiddling and pacience.-to sum up: this is one of the most ambitious games out there, beautiful graphics, and a huge and atmospheric world where you can give wings to your driving fantasies, certainly one of the most underrated titles of recent years, and indeed deserving of a chance and a closer look from everyone who enjoys the simple pleasure of driving."
,Not Recommended,241560,22373318,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Alberto Barbosa,"Why do i still have to pay for wild run, when i have a season pass?>UbisoftNot even once"
,Not Recommended,241560,13477346,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,☣Cakeoman!a☣,"I like this game very much. You can take a road trip around the states if you wish, wich not many games can offer you.But if the difficulty/ physics of the police cars is not changed then I will be deeply dissapointed.Apparently Ubisoft have decided to use the Google authenticator to log into uplay, wich I never agreed to. So thank you ubisoft. I can not acces any of my Ubi games.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU"
76561198058921294,Recommended,241560,25971989,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Discos_Dead,"Don't buy it for the story (pretty lame), buy it for the fun you'll have driving around with others, running form cops, and completing map missions. Also - it may not be worth it to you for full price, but I definitely recommend it if it goes on sale.Multiplayer cruising (co-op) is fun, multiplayer PvP is a mixed bag.  The players I've come across seem nice enough, the primary issue is twofold.1. There is absolutely NO leveling system in the PvP lobbies - so bring a 1299 or go home empty handed.  Why UbiSoft did this is beyond me.2. Each class has one or two cars that dominate. Bring those to PvP or cry yourself to sleep.It can be a little bit of grind leveling your cars up, but the costs and rewards seem mostly fair.  If you want to be competitive in PvP, do the research and grind the vehicles that won't disappoint."
,Recommended,241560,22397349,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Notsèed,"Not enough content, they even haven't added more music to game radio. Small amount of cars it dlc provides. If I won't reboot my pc before playing it, game does not load textures. Game is addictive and great, I spent much hours in it, but it needs to be finalized. I rather recommend it than not, but this game has the issues are complicating it."
,Recommended,241560,27099311,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pld,"The only game I finished in 2015.I love this game as it allow me to just mindlessly drive accros the map, without thinking."
,Recommended,241560,14121908,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Tree New Bee,..
,Recommended,241560,30763350,Posted: 26 March,all,Otaku Gingertaz,"Amazing graphics, amazing map layout, and well worth $15"
,Recommended,241560,17187280,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,SayaKagaTauSiapaSaya,"nice ,better add Nissan GT-R R35 into The Crew"
,Recommended,241560,27534921,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,2Mutch,A mile wide but an inch deep. Great with friends. Cross country driving simulator with friends? Only if it's on sale.
,Recommended,241560,31236999,Posted: 19 April,all,Toffeltorkel,Hi! The crew is a beutiful and super awesome game! I couldn't recommend it more. IF you are looking for a fun. Cool Racing game. This is for you. I MEAN CMON ITS A FREEROME RACING GAME LIKE HELL YA.Thx XoXoXo <3
76561198048484955,Recommended,241560,13761850,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Harden18,Like Skyrim with Cars -IGN 10/10
,Recommended,241560,13374348,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Magne Cornelius,Great Game! if you like open world driving games buy it!
76561198113590146,Recommended,241560,13764475,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,E=mc^2,"this is a great game. if you drive for about one minute and look around... you will see that there has been soo much detail added to this game and it must have taken a team of a hundred developers working non stop for a year to creat the crew landscaping. I mean, THERES FREAKING BIGFOOT in this map. I dont think the steam advertisment does this game justice. look for the uk advertisment on youtube. just be carefull with all the detail this game is like runing skyrim on your pc.my computer is super slow so i still dont get the full experinceand i love it. the only reson i dont have a hundred hours clocked in on this game is that I like to play with friends. but thats my opinion on when to play.My one and only complaint that is not my fault  is that if you have AVG on your computer delete it if you want to play the crew. then get avast it works better and it does not stop the crew."
76561198073190629,Recommended,241560,13742973,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Maxinferno,Great game. Period.
,Recommended,241560,13751531,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Wigglecandy,"Highly recommended. Perfecft combination of personal skill (running skill points just to be your personal best), exploring the countryside, and multiplayer (joining up to do missions or pvp). The Motor City Online of today."
76561198034156004,Recommended,241560,13755910,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,♕Dukewolf♕,I wanted to get a truck shift tab turn on my music and drive for hours i did this and am happy.
,Recommended,241560,13699441,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DIO,"This is for fans of the old NFS games and just car customizers-fest in general, but unfoutunatly it is kinda diminished by the weird handling and Opponent A.I. that drives like your Grandma when your in 4th place, and drives like the Stig when your in 1st place. also another thing HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ CAN THE ♥♥♥♥ING POLICE CARS CATCH UP TO ME IN MY LAMBO WHILE THEY ARE IN A CROWN VIC,WHILE WE ARE BOTH ON THE HIGHWAY."
76561198052424682,Recommended,241560,13796887,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,".,","turn all the hud displays off, ignore the missions, play your own music and enjoy exploring the usa, play it your own way. its actualy a very good game, but it is set up like a piece of trash. credit to the 3d modelers shame on the game designers."
76561197980261439,Not Recommended,241560,13798047,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,PICKLE RICK,"Well, had high hopes this game would be amazing but nope. its complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ never touching another ubisoft game in my life again. wish i could at least get half my money back.Pros-cars-modsCons-its not an mmo racing game-(false advertising)-mods have no detail-engine detail is way too simple(an r34 skyline has an inline 6 not a V6)-the list can go on but i honestly dont give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ about ubisoft or the crew anymore)All in all there are much better racing games out there"
,Recommended,241560,13800312,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Caspa,All the perks of NEED FOR SPEED PLAY with MMO fell to racing and driveing physics seem better then most NFS games.
,Recommended,241560,13915611,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Scar,Love it!!!
76561198060832648,Recommended,241560,13917312,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Swagg Cream!,"A pretty impress racing game so far, this racing game is beyond the other!"
,Recommended,241560,13920310,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Markz,10/10 gr8 m8.
,Recommended,241560,13858136,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,silly,10-4
76561198002543282,Recommended,241560,13844518,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,kirisute,"Wasnt expecting much from this game but im glad to say ive been suprised!with Ubi's recent awful history of gaming i was hesitant to invest in this..but im glad i did.Take a dose of Need for Speed World, walk back a little in time and sprinkle some of the customisation options of earlier NFS games (underground and underground 2), then liberally tweak bits and bobs of the Pursuit series with a little bit of Burnout and your just about where you need to be for The Crew!Ignore the story (its the usual rubbish); ignore the fact that you have to race through circuits and checkpoints to finish a mission to drive to the bus stop, just sit back and revell in the glory of hi speed driving.car mechnics are a little ropey; id reccomend you INSTANTLY change your steering settings to HARDCORE for the best results and there are a few glitches occasionally...mostly linked to connectivity or glithcing when your Crew is joining/leaving....i spent an hour driving the world with all the other cars on the road not moving yesterday!so a few patches will be thrown out, a bit of DLC will head along.all in all its a fun drive around game."
,Recommended,241560,13866132,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Matsuhira,"Game Story Is Nice And grfx Are Detailed.Idk why the game is hated but it definately gotten on my plus side.though the Physics Engine could use alot of improving,ill say this game is a must play on my list."
76561198040567703,Recommended,241560,15946703,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Rollin218,"Good game, a bit arcade-like for my taste, but a ton of fun with friends, and still fun by yourself"
,Recommended,241560,15271985,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,RAZ,This game is awesome despite the micro transactions pay for certain things etc the map and world detail make up for it completely this brings the terms street racing and road trip to a never before seen level. I have played many many racing games and i hear frequently that this game is quite difficult. I do not agree though i use a gamepad might be why anyways great game its like TDU meets Horizon meets Midnight club weird mix oh except theirs cops I recommend this to anyone searching for the innovative open world free roam racing game only here can you race from Maine to LA
76561197970553645,Recommended,241560,15499992,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Ronin516,Well Not going to play again until it has Track IR support.  It is really unbeleivable that it is not supported in this game.  It really sucks without it.Customization is also not quite what they advertised and the same goes for the quests.  It is sort of a mix of GTAV and TDU2 as it currently is.  I think it has potential and i think it may be fun.  But without the track ir support It is like driving a 10 year old simulator.
,Recommended,241560,13404388,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Psychoza,Great game! Can't wait for the upcoming updates! :D
,Recommended,241560,13405316,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,DrDoLittle--,"A good game to be honest. If you intend to play either solo or multiplayer. Especially if you have a wheel, the dashboard view is the best imo. Everything is simulated with AI cruising around the cities driving so it doesn't make it that much of a blend. Overall a game maybe for a $40 price"
,Recommended,241560,13406412,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,"Razze ""Hue""","Best racing game imo, a little too short story. The max level is 50, was really easy to become. They should work on expansions with more story, there was also a little too few cars to choose from. But the different specs made it work.I recommend you guys to try it out, it's really good 8,5/10"
76561198069738592,Not Recommended,241560,13800809,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ryan0157,"This is quite honestly one of, if not the absolute worst games I have ever wasted money on. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! It doesn't matter if you are a pro racer or a novice the cars are uncontrolable on all terrain and on all difficulty settings. This is the biggest let down I have ever had when buying a game, I thought that this would have been a great driving game filled with hours of fun but it was filled with hours of nothing but rage and dissapointment... Thanks Ubisoft for taking my money and screwing me over in the process"
,Recommended,241560,13813960,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,VITAZ,There are a lot of bugs with network game. I can't play with all my friends. To make a party of 3 or 4 we should try A LOT of times. Everyone doesn't see all other players. Even if they are very close to each other and even if they are friends. FIX IT PLEASE!
76561198041783580,Recommended,241560,13772511,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,R3lly,"i really love this game.. a lot of the earlyer rewiews that has been done here, it has all been fixed.. tho, the gravity is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and there are no reflection in the mirrors.. but that is the only things bad about this game, i bought it and its worth every god damn cent..."
,Not Recommended,241560,13622333,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,thothaman,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It's defective like most recent UbiSoft games seem to be. In this specific one it's impossible to play multi-player if your players exist on the same LAN. Much like a spotty issue from splinter cell. (you can grab a VPN to route to to let you in but come on Ubi!!)If you happen to be content with a single player game, congrats you get to listen to a whiny story in between races that are totally based upon arbitrary numbers and noting about real parts. A ""900"" spec Mac can get run down by a cop in a crown vic. It's utter garbageAC:Unity also happens to be a catastrophe.Valve, please DROP UbiSoft as a publisher. They clearly have lost their magic."
,Not Recommended,241560,13612650,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Qwert/er,"Wont run on my windows 8 PC, doesnt even start up."
,Not Recommended,241560,11864821,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,[UN5] Fox,UBISOFT MAKE A GAME WHERE MULTIPLAYER WORKS PLS
,Recommended,241560,13630273,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,King David,One of the best racing game I've ever played
,Recommended,241560,13632495,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Diggy-Wiz,very good ;)
,Recommended,241560,13574168,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Electreak,"This game needs some work when using something other than a controlor or keyboard.You have to make a FFB config file when using a wheel and pedals.When you do that also make sure you set your wheel settings to center not in game. The wheel centering in the game is terrible, and doesn't work too well.Considering that. We are PC gamers, and used to working for a great gaming experience unlike any other consol.Another con is the physics are not sim style, but more arcade. It would be nice to have a more simulation style physics engine.Other than that this game is a blast. When you get every thing working 100% to your liking this game is like a beautiful vacation from Sim Racing like Assetto Corsa, and iRacing.Imagine cruzing accross the country in a Farrari La Farrari. All the US is your race track. What are you going to do with it?Also the veriaty of racing styles available are amazing. Street, Dirt, Raid, and Circuit.Great game all and all.I give this a 8/10"
,Not Recommended,241560,13660375,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pez,"DO NOT BUY.Game is currently broken in a multitude of different ways. Missions are highly unbalanced and some are damn near impossible in solo (even with 'the right car'). With three betas, you would assume a polished, flawless product out of the gates - but this is not the case.I was a TDU1 junkie, and poured 140+ hours into TDU2 in an attempt to force myself to like it. The Crew was meant to be the next big thing in this MMO car genre - but despite my repeated attempts to enjoy what it had to offer, it is a steaming mess of broken elements. There is a lot of potential, but I would advise you to avoid this game."
76561198024801447,Recommended,241560,14282025,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Cipher,"The game looks good on my nividia set up cant speak for the rest. Grid auotsport is a much more realistic racer than the crew, but the crew is very very fun for me in short burst. The map is amazingly large and extremely fun to drive around i do like the feel of the cars most of time. Be warned thought his game has its lag issues and there claim to being an mmo is a little false with only 8 people being in your instance at one time. 8 people dosnt equal mmo status."
76561197970278007,Not Recommended,241560,14155025,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Obscene,Not worth more than 19.99. The visuals and driving are just like saints row 3-4.
,Recommended,241560,14289303,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,alex3569,Love the game. Would like to find a crew to join.
,Recommended,241560,14291579,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,QeXDee™ #PrayForLasVegas,Very Nice game
,Not Recommended,241560,14232848,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,CreepyJoker,Terrible game not worth the money at all..
76561198056560186,Recommended,241560,14233016,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,CHANGE ID ALREADY,This is pretty nice games and the story mode also not bad
,Recommended,241560,15273645,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,[P.A] DJ the Ace,"This Crew has a massive world that I can't even remember it all, and customization is a lot more free than other racing games to date.If there's anything that gamers get tired of, it's the scenery over and over again. But with The Crew, the map has a lot to drive around in, and even if you hated invisible barriers, that's what this game lacks. I travel across the United States in its compacted version, and don't remember much of the scenery except the major cities. It always looks free, especially when you run the game Ultra and at 60FPS.The customization has been lacking in some racing games to date, but I'm not saying The Crew has it all. It's definately good with few bumpers and rims, but there are other types of kits you can have depending on your vehicle. If you want to drive a lifted Nissian 370z then be my guest, and there's also a bit of interior trim customization.Overall I do recommend The Crew, especially if you have other friends willing to get the game with you. You will have a blast driving the U.S. streets and if you have a racing wheel (Logitech G27, Thrustmaster, etc) then your experience is going to be already beyond the keyboard and controller, indeed.  - 6/10"
76561198017967868,Recommended,241560,15273999,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Juxtapozed,"It's a fun game, but if their server is down you're screwed!  There's no local version of this game, so as I'm writing this review I'm waiting for their server to come back on-line.    Don't most games give you the ability to at least play if your connection is down or their server isn't working?"
,Recommended,241560,14317316,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Fuzball,"This is a good game bu there is a part in the game that is impossible for me to beat, i am having a very difficult time beating the ironclad dash, does anyone no why i can not beat this"
,Recommended,241560,14391291,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,存在は無駄です,"The Crew Has great graphics and good controller support but very limited on gameplay after all the skill challenges out there. But the one thing this game stands out from all the other racing games besides the huge map is that it has an excellent story. Yet it is a classic and almost overused ""revenge plot"" the game still manages to stay intresting. I recommend this game to car lovers and story lovers alike. The main con is the use of uplay. Why cant it be on steam. 9/10"
,Recommended,241560,14392428,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,RΣOL,"Yes, you have to connect to the internet to play this game. No, you do not have to play with other people.This is a very fun racing game, but there are limitations that I dislike. For instance, when you buy a car, it is STOCK. You must then Spec it for Dirt, Pro, etc. You can only use one Spec per race. This annoyed me since I expected the ability to race from New York to Vegas on the highways while my friends drove through the desert. Annoying yes. However, I overlooked it when I got my 9th car.This game does not lack in content, as far as offline goes. (I do not play with other people). Races can take from 10 mins to 2 hours. There's also different race types to spice up gameplay.If you've played NFS: Underground 2 or NFS: Carbon, I'd recommend this to you."
,Recommended,241560,14349833,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Hellion,"If you like arcade racing games, I think you like The Crew.+- Good Graphics.- Big Map.- Different Car Classes. ( Raid is sh*t btw. )- Soundtracks.- Long Races.- Car Customization.- The Crew System ( servers is sh*t )- Nice race tracks in multiplayer.-- Less Cars ( need more jdm cars. )- Online server problems >.<- Annoying bugs ( sometimes )- Need more race modes- Annoying Online Race Collisions >.<"
,Not Recommended,241560,14374772,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ToppLua,it made me miss guns... :(
76561198089719123,Recommended,241560,14908317,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,HoneyBadgerFTW,"After playing this game for a while, I decided to make a review of this game and to be honest.... This game surprised me, Its  the most realistic open world driving simulator I have tried and its totally worth buying :). The map is huge, graphics are amazing, barely no buggs, car modification is OP and much more things that proudly makes me think this game is awsome. Good thing about this game is that its not really designed for pay to win players. For example, a highly modified Ford Mustang can easily destroy a Fullstock Lamborghini Gallardo. Problems with the game is that its very heavy :/. To play this game, you need a very powerful CPU and graphics card, becuase in some very detailed areas, (big cities including New York or Miami), will drop your FPS QUITE ALOT (15-23 FPS drop). But it all depends what computer you have :). For desktop users, I would recommend you getting a Geforce GTX 650 or higher. Now for laptop users, to run this game in Normal-High settings, I would recommend a Geforce GTX 765M or higher. If you get this game, dont give up that quickly because this game is a BLAST!!!!"
,Recommended,241560,15159013,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,[pF] Mochi Maki フレッド,"Since the recent patch updates, The Crew is becoming a better racing game. There needs to be a couple bug fixes into the game. Cars like the Agrea R will not reach its top speed as quickly as the fullstcok one even though its fully maxxed out at 1299. This bug needs to be fixed. Overrall, the game has improved."
76561198014097607,Recommended,241560,15160053,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Schizm,Buy this game the best raceing game ive played since NFS underground 2 love the story line and cars just want more and more....
,Recommended,241560,15165826,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Halfpastdead10,"love this game, completely adicted to it, just wish there were more cars"
76561198011111307,Recommended,241560,17161115,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Ballista,"EARLY REVIEWThis seems to be good fun and very arcady racing game like the old NFS series but something I HATE about it straight away is that I cant start it without running Steam AND U-Play AND even then have to try to start it a few tims before it will actually work and then its STILL quite possible that it will NOT work because I will not be able to connect to servers! And that only after about 2/3 hrs of gameplay!! FIX IT! DONT RUIN GOOD ARCADE FUN BY STEAM AND UPLAY TECHNICAL $4I%E !!!I give this a thumbs up but if those problems will be reocuring more than once in a while, than this game will end up in a virtual dump...."
,Recommended,241560,17165224,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Barrons-Calculus-14th-David-Bock,"pretty dank memes, only con is grinding for parts"
76561198125030568,Recommended,241560,17140756,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mbwa Mashoga,"This game had a very good concept behind it with the whole MMO and crew aspect of it but it simply could not meet up tho what it wanted to be but despite this I personally still think this is a great game for people like me. If you are getting the game for the racing and MMO part of it you will be dissapointed, but I got the game to explore the massive open world and huge amout of car custumisation which did impress me. I can understand someone getting this game purely for this reason."
,Recommended,241560,17141970,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Sinedd,"5-10 min of playing and app.crash ;( video card 1gb Asus AMD Radeon HD 5450, DDR3 , 64bit, silent cooling on super low settings ;((( maybe with new pc... i hope"
,Not Recommended,241560,17142939,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Sumak154,"Even for 50% off, the game isn´t worth it. AI can catch You any time, physics are really wierd, sometimes You will crash into a van and it will fly of in spins and sometimes it will stand and You will spin other direction in spins. Sometimes out of nowhere (riding in the middle of empty road) you will be thrown to a side or, you will make a flip. And when the game starts to get fun and joy, the game will disconnect or crash. For my friends it is the disconnection, for me it is crash to a windows or complete restart without any error from system..."
,Recommended,241560,17142984,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,The Blue M&M,Most fun I've ever had while playing a game. The graphics are great in my book because I'm not a graphics hungry ♥♥♥♥♥. Theres actually a decent storyline unless your expecting a GTA 5 storyline. The map is fantastic. I live in a puny town and still found it. And everyone shut up about the physics because its still a fun game. 10/10
,Recommended,241560,17143324,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,fatcuimnt,BOOTYFUL GAME WOULD BANG WIV A CUCUMMMBER69/21 - IGN WOULD PLAY AGAIN
76561198052231747,Recommended,241560,17119053,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,jinko,"Let me begin by saying, ""i truly HATE driving games!"" that being said this game is FRACKIN AMAZEBALLS. great story truly  inspired game play and an epic scope all combine with with one another to create one incredible mmo. things it had to overcome- uplay and ubisoft, driving game, limited to one nation, all seem like small hurdles easily surmounted by the staggering quality of this game.buy it!!serioulsly!do eet!"
,Not Recommended,241560,16453461,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Joey Wheeler,"This game is not your standard racing game. This game is more like the driving of GTA within Assassins Creed. Which in not a bad thing. My first problem with the game is its always online part. This means of the internet in even slightly spotty where you are at you cannot play. I had internet access to download this game the could watch movies on youtube, but for some reason was not good enough for this game. MY second problem with the game is the controls. I used a wireless Xbox 360 controller to play this game and it just didn't seem right. Much in the same way Assassins Creed's controls seem off and don't preform the best. The keyboard and mouse for this game is a joke at best. They joystick Support is also a massive joke. I have a Logitech 3d joystick that works great for driving games all across the board, just not this one, It doesn't even have support for it. But onto the gameplay, It involves challenges like a normal race around a racetrack (which is usally a city street or parking lot) that would be okay, if not for the tight street corners with crappy controls. Then there are other challenges that rather than laps are just speed runs to drift/movement challenges that require you to hit markers. Which would be better with better controls.  TL;DR The controlls are crap and it's GTA driving in AC playtype."
,Recommended,241560,13809564,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TheWaxwingSlain,"The Crew is one spectacular game.   I was a bit worried when I saw reviews saying the racing wasn't that good, but after 290 hours in the game (and still playing), I can say the racing is a complete blast.  The thing is, people who are used to NFS racing where you never have to touch the brakes might dislike the handling - at first.  But after you tune your car up to maybe  600 you start to see the wisdom in the approach The Crew takes.  Things tighten up.  If you want to drift, you can drift your butt off, but holding the best racing line is better.The classes of car work very well.  Raid cars are incredibly fun, whether climing mountain ranges in the Montana Rockies or blasting through New Mexico canyons.  My favorite is crashing through the Everglades on a race to East Texas.And that leads me to what makes this game unlike any other, ever:  The amazing scope of the location.  You can drive from Maine to the Baja without seeing a single loading screen.  You want to be part of a faction mission that will take over an hour?  It's there.  The locations are simply amazing.  Exploration behind the wheel is simply unreal.  And there's nowhere you can't go.  The only ""walls"" are the borders and coastlines of the United States.  All I can do is pray for The Crew2: Europe.The Crew multiplayer is very well done and getting better.  Factions, co-op and just exploring with your crew is a ton of fun and I can see putting another few hundred hours into the game.The only complaint I have about The Crew is the soundtrack.  They really should have spent a few bucks and gotten some good songs to go with the missions.  One thing I've liked about NFS games (and of course Burnout Paradise) is the selection of songs, some familiar, some new.  There's nothing memorable at all about the song choices in The Crew.  So, what I do is load up Spotify in the background and start up a playlist of a couple of thousand songs I've picked over the years for racing games like this. It reminds me of my early days when I got my first car and there was nothing better than driving around blasting the radio and  jamming out when a great song came on.  The only thing missing today is the roach in the ashtray.This is very close to my favorite game of 2014.  In a year with some pretty impressive games, The Crew stands out for me.  I love this game."
,Recommended,241560,13208111,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,morbeious,"After few patches this game is now playable and enjoyable.Is it me, the only way to get the Police to chase you is to hit them, or other cars? why wont they chase you if you blow bye them at 100mph+???  Why if my car is damage it doesn't effect proformance? And why does the BMW on road settings, travel just as fast off road through trees, water, dirt.. hmmm. what gives is there a Hard/expert setting somewhere turned off? really strange and theirs alot more wrong.. ClubMight still beats this game out, unless I'm missing somthing please do tell.."
76561198004633541,Not Recommended,241560,16457155,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kirotra,"Once you beat the campaign, which is intergrated into your online experience, it's just a driving game with bugs."
,Recommended,241560,16232721,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Orko,10/10too much car
,Not Recommended,241560,13193731,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Flick,"Drove to Miami, too much water. 0/10 would play again."
,Recommended,241560,15988342,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,razex,"For a racing game this game is awesome! Its a open world racing game where you can get the most awesome cars around! You can customize a OFFROAD Beast or a Fast Beauty! If you love cars and racing  this is something for you!Also what i think is cool is that you have the whole USA Map, in a smaller size of course, so you can see all the special places in USA you want, or have a road trip with your friends!I personally got verry fast tired of it, but hey, im not a big fan of cars either.For car intrested pepole this is worth buying!"
,Recommended,241560,16011204,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sobraxus,"The Crew is a very good game, first off i would like to begin by saying that i have found multiple errors with the game such as:The radio in the game is absolutely terrible!Lack of character voice context during story game-play same 2-3 sentences said over and over again.Some cut-scenes lag: Rear end of the car jumps around during a lot of them when the camera is close up.Customization features are lacking even compared to some older more rubbish games e.g Need for speed undercoverI have used this game because it did lack in a lot of customization features but i did find that in someways due to the age difference, the crew could have implemented a lot more customization feature. (Need for speed underground and underground 2 would not have been a fair comparison as there were way too many customization features in those games and they would have beaten this game hands down in this aspect.)When you quit the game it does freeze when it is loading down and if i pressed the windows key the screen would remain black but i would have the taskbar at the bottom, they are releasing a major update soon as i did contact them about this problem because the only way i could actually get rid of this to use my desktop is if i did Ctrl+Alt+Del then signed out so i could sign back in again or restarted the computer using the restart button on my case.i have had a couple of other problems of which i have told they about so they should look into sorting them out as soon as they can.The Non Errors about this game is that:It has amazing graphics.You can run it at a stable frame-rate (i run it at 40-60 fps.)The challenges are actually quite good.The cars are stable and run very well.The map is absolutely massive it took me ages just to get across a little bit.I have many positive views about this game alot more than i do negative views, if you like racing game i would recommend this game it is very fun. If you do not like waiting for stuff or unlocking stuff this is not the game for you, luckily for me i do like that so this game is for me. There are so many different aspects of this game that you have to take into consideration and once you do, you really can see the inner beauty."
,Not Recommended,241560,16691409,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,TigerLiftsMountain,Meh. This game is a $30 (steam sale price) warning for me to never buy ubisoft games.
,Recommended,241560,16691661,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Pr0Wolf29,"This is a great game for those who like SRS, Midnight Club, or Need for Speed series, However... it crashes allllll the time. There doesn't appear to be any pattern to it. Makes completing some challenges hard. I still recommend this game, but beware that there are bugs."
,Recommended,241560,16735597,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,tehmass™,badass racing game!! recommend for sure! *****
76561198047686869,Recommended,241560,16654737,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Hannibal802,"The game is pretty good for what it is, it's a car game. The racing is alright, it's not challenging. Leveling up your car doesn't seem to make the races any easier or harder because the AI adjusts to your speed. There is a lot of exploration. I finished the story in 11 hours of gameplay, fairly short story, but there are loads of challenges to still do, cars to collect and customize. The races you do get repetitive, there are races against the clock, races against AI point to point and circuit, takedown, escape the cops. You start in a fantasy America with real major cities. Detroit is where you start with tuner class cars. From there you go to New York and dirt class cars. Miami is next with performance cars. Las Vegas next with raid cars, and finally Los Angeles and circuit cars. I'd give it an 8/10, it's pretty good what what it is, could be improved for sure. It's great fun with a friend or two."
,Recommended,241560,16725542,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,-==+T3RMAN8R Unit ALPHA+==-,"Was great when it came out,but upon further playing fatal flaws showed.It's fun get it if you want but don't expect a perfect experience."
,Recommended,241560,13679893,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Bluxwave,"Game is great, Story line and leveling is full of content but most the time you will just want to do this single player to get to 50. Also just exploring around the areas for different landmarks that make up the vast map of the USA.It is quite challenging and I would not like to be using just a keyboard as you need to weave in and out of traffic and its a fine controll that is needed. The missions sometimes take up to 10 tries to complete sometimes 15 or 20 times on the harder ones but you will eventually get there after repeating it over and over that you will progress to 50.50 is where the long long long races start. PVP would also be good on these long ""faction missions"" and you are just rewarded for completing the race in most cases. I just finished a 1h 30min race around the circumferance of the USA on all the highways and had enough funds then after I had been saving to buy a lamborghini. Now i need to go around earning parts for it. Each faction mission you complete earns you reputation and you progress through this at end game.I feel the crew is a good to great game that will keep you buisy for a long time and it doesnt reallly get that boring if you pace yourself through the content, Microtransactions dont matter as you can get everything by just playing the game, but if you want to spend some real dollars on perks and buing a car well then why not hey. but its not pay to win and you can EASY get the cars with a bit of effortGraphics are AMAZING at 4k and it runs at a good framerate, I turned the music off but the car SFX are awsome too.Even though there is 8 players viewed at a certain time the game cycles through the whole pool of players to whoever is closest to you so you never feel alone, quite regualarly they invite you to a game, single or multiplayer is fun in this game.It may be worth getting the gold version of this game as it includes the McClaren car that helps with getting to 50I have and still am enjoying the crew, there will be content patches so it could last another year of play."
76561198009555097,Recommended,241560,13681195,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lykronis,"love what they did with the game. great customization. Love the free roam, lots of space to explore."
,Recommended,241560,13681882,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Laf,Amazing game! i love it!
76561198060153209,Recommended,241560,13682630,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tom Cruise Ship,"personally i ike the crew, its challening, fun, and the landscape is great, my only issue with the crew is the fact that cars cost hundreds of thousands of dollars (or at least good cars) and you only get around $1000-$2000 for each main mission all the way to the end, and i also dislike the idea of having crew credits, they cost way too much for how quickly they are spent and i already payed $60 for the game. the only thing i can say is, either reduuce the price of cars significantly or increase the amount of money you get for missions, skills, races, etc. significantly. all they really need to do is fix the economy of the game."
,Recommended,241560,13718072,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Multin3fo,YEY
,Recommended,241560,13719886,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tundrez,Guud game
,Recommended,241560,13482632,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Pjusken,This is probably the best car game i have played for a long time. i really love it and I have no regrets buying it.
76561198087052612,Recommended,241560,13483278,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,bleehx,"don't let nobody fool you, this is a great game."
76561198167987056,Recommended,241560,13486563,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SpiderDux,"its a grate game if you like your muciel cars and your euro but the import side of things are low like really r34 or a 350z what happend to the mass aray of jap cars that have been in every car game, you have your skyline's, mazda rx7 witch is missing nissan s15 s14 s13 240k 200sx NISSAN MAZDA TOYOTA supra is missing i mean come on the r34 and supra are the two main cars in almost every game and the fd rx7.but still a nice game change the v8 in the skyline to a straight 6 plz for the love of god"
,Recommended,241560,13477271,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sair Aerwyn,"The Crew.  Where do I start.This game was under fire before it came out, due to UbiSoft's launch history of 2014.  I am inbetween on this because it has a valid point to have a fear, but I think the community was a little harsh on The Crew.The Gameplay is great.  Don't start with the DRM or Server issues, all games have those problems when they open their doors to a huge influx of players.  Aside from that and the smaller than anticipated sessions (which will in all reality probably change) and minor things like mirrors (again will be updated soon) are being focused on instead of the great driving you get with friends.I have so much fun just cruising.  I do have a G27 wheel, but I played the game for about 80 hours with an Xbox 360 controller and loved it.  It's fun weaving between cars doing 150+ with 2 or more friends.The mission's story is a little lackluster, but I would like to see a story of that length be made by a member of the community that can actually live in a ""underground racing"" world.  I mean, yeah bother gets killed and protag turns into racer to clear his name.  I just watched NFS the movie, and it was almost idential, but I still drew differences enough to enjoy both The Crew and NFS: movie.  (in fact I loved the raid cars, perf cars, street cars and dirt cars in the movie.TL;DR - if you like racing / open world driving games (TDU2 / Burnout Paradise) then you WILL like this game.  Are you looking for someing more realistic?  Get Asseto."
,Recommended,241560,13478871,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,callumbro,"I played both of the beta tests for PC and I thought they were fun so I decided to buy the full game. I have to say that it is really fun. The story has lots of content and the skill challenges along the roads as you drive from place to place is nice to have. Although the servers go offline ocasionally and I can't play, it is not that often the servers go down. The graphics look great for a racing game. I really enjoy the ability to have 5 different vehicle types; one for each region. I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,241560,13458389,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Holy,"This game is still a little rough around the edges at the time of my review.However, if you enjoy racing games with a gripping story line, you found your diamond (currently in the rough)."
76561198118729994,Recommended,241560,13446254,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Almin_cheks™,всем рекоминдую купить!
,Not Recommended,241560,13592009,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,spoof,i bought this car at the warehouse it was a posche RUF and when i started to this time trial and i went on a striaght away line and out of nowhere i spin out and im not even useing NOS the cars grip is♥♥♥♥♥♥and im not even flooring it when im at top speeds like 170mph and then i use nos and i just loose control like i got a flat tire its just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561197965657450,Not Recommended,241560,13594166,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Torque Junkie,"Its the gameplay/physics alone that make me not enjoy this.  Driving a car in this game is literally like driving a boat on water.  Sluggish.  I keep wanting to like this game, but it so hard to enjoy it when you have to drive a vehicle like it is as big and weighs as much as a skyscraper.  If I could get a refund right now I would."
,Recommended,241560,13646496,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,BrightPage,"I don't care what you driveHow fast you driveAmerican or EuropeanFerrari or MustangRaid or CircuitOffroad or onThe cops WILL catch up to you in their fullstock Crown Victorias, and Dodge ChargersThe cops WILL magically magnetize to the groundAnd they will stop you10/10"
76561198050282401,Recommended,241560,13646791,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,yolo shirt,"10/10 would buy again, 10 more times"
76561198128960965,Recommended,241560,13600097,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,fordfrank_,this game is NOT for everyone.the idea of a whole contry yet created out of scale of the real world is great. if you like driving for long times and having log races this i game is for you.the handling NEEDS to be used to and it feels like UTD2 in the begining and gets improved later.the cars are hard to get because the jobs give little to no money but the 1 hour +races at level 50 gives you 80kleveling up is easy.
,Recommended,241560,13600136,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,krez815,"Flew off of a plane at 579km/h.There's just a few glitches, but this game is otherwise awesome."
,Recommended,241560,13600495,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ProdCaliTv,"So, The journey to ""The Krew"". I feel that this game is good, but you can only play it for so long before you get bored of it. I think waiting for a discount or the market to drop on this game is better then spending $60 + on this game. I wish that there was more interaction with multi-player then there is now.I like going searching for achievments because there are a lot of them to find. This keeps you busy for sure but again gets boring just driving around looking for them alone or far distance. I had more fun playing with friends then alone but not always people are going to be online or around to play.Overall I think that the game is good but more multi-player functions would be great. I would recommend this game for those who need something to pass time and quick computer racing because thats all you really get. I would only give thumbs up for that reason."
76561198022911146,Recommended,241560,14905619,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,M1xPlan3t,"awesome game relaxs ,good driffting,like"
76561197964039851,Recommended,241560,14910558,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Zero,"Pros:1. Massive open world map with very nice scenery and different track types (Mountains, Valleys, Plains, Cities, etc...)2. Side missions and extra stuff to do (Skill ,missions, exploration, hidden cars, etc...) if the story starts to get stale.3. Decent driving controls, not too realistic, but not over the top arcade style either, over all very fun just driving around.4. A lot of potential to grow into an even better game.Cons:1. Networking issues: (Booted out of the game at the end races with a friend on multiple occasions, and lag tends to be a constant issue when playing with friends)2. Limited car selections, especially from the asian market (Honda, Toyota, Subaru, etc...)3. Customization/progression feels very linear, less like you choose how to improve the car, more like you take whatever the game gives you that isnt worse than what you currently have (At least in the beginning of the game).Conclusion:I am happy with my purchase, and hope to see this game get even better."
,Recommended,241560,14939930,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Stezzy-[MK],Pros:                                                                                                                  Cons:A very large map (the thing i wanted for a long time in a racing game)       The steering is a bit slopy (TDU2 like)Great graphics and details                                                                               Servers are droping all the timeA interesting story line                                                                                     The game crashes way more than it should haveGreat co-op multyplayerMy PC specs:Intel i7-4770k @3.50 3.50 GHz8 GB DDR3 RAM64 bit Win 7 professionalNvidia GTX 750 Ti
,Recommended,241560,13408668,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,whereta,"Actually a good Ip by Ubisoft. This game is pretty good.Extremely good graphics.Runs smoothly and no game bugs that ruin experience well,when finishing 1st place and getting kicks out sucksGameplay is solidMechanics are okCustomization is decentNo many cars to pick from8.9/10"
,Recommended,241560,14942751,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Gizmo,"While I do recommend this game please understand that most of the bad reviews are true and should be taken into consideration when purchasing.  I bought this game knowing what I was getting into and wow was some of it terrible.Setup:It took me 40 minutes to even get the game to let me map my wired Xbox 360 controller.  It required me to restart after every key otherwise it wouldn't save the key mapping.  That isn't the worst part about the controls though.Controls:The worst part is the fact that the game doesn't take an analog reading for the joystick.  What this means is any direction you turn no matter how little it jumps 100% in that direction making this game a fishtailing mess.  In game menus require you to use the keyboard because the make the 4 different menus in the game require different buttons and a controller only has one D-pad.Cops:The cops are pretty dumb, if you drive in a straight line the cops will magically be able to drive as fast as you and you will never lose them.  As soon as you make a few quick turns they are lost.  The chopper is the same way as the cop cars.  I wish they used spike strips and strategic placements in the cities rather than the boring same way every time to get rid of the cops.Civilians:There is a decent amount of traffic (sometimes on a rare occasion I can't find a car for miles) and it is randomly generated.  The only problem is it is randomly generated in groups.  So rather than a car here and there it will be 20 cars taking up all the lanes then a 1/4 mile of no cars.  This gets annoying with the controls as mentioned earlier.Audio:I am using a high end sound card with a nice Sennheiser headphones in this game and all I have to say is the cars do sound different from one another but they sound boring; with the exception of a few cars.  All the cars sound like they run really poor when at idle.  They make horrible ping noises and run rough it is kind of funny.  The tires make the same screeching noise whether they are on asphalt or dirt.  I will say the pedestrians have very good placement and freak me out every time because I think someone is sitting next to me.Graphics:This game looks like it’s from and Xbox 360.  Seriously it looks pretty poor and the attention to detail on things like no functioning review mirror or side mirrors is just sad.  I play in 4k on ultra-settings on two 660 FTW and an i5 @ 4.4 GHz and I will say both GPU's are pinned at 100% and CPU is around 70%.  So it's not very efficient, BF4 runs better on the same ultra-settings.  With that said I don't ever have any dips below 30 FPS it is always running smooth so I guess that is good.  Just realize this game is only around 14 GB which is incredibly small for a game with such a large map.  This goes to show you how low res the textures in the game are.Map:Everyone talks about how awesome the map is; this is the reason I bought the game.  Let me say the map is larger than any game I've played.  With that said there are only a few cities and the rest is just a highway attaching states so it is much smaller than I anticipated.  With that said I have much to see with 30+ hours of playing at the time of writing this.  I put this game on an SSD and it was the best game you could ever put on an SSD.  After seeing complaints about how slow all the constant loading screens are and moving in the map I have not had this problem.  Everything happens within a second or so.Racing:Look the story line may be terrible but it is definitely bearable and I enjoy it being there.  There just isn't much motivation to complete it other than to unlock tuning shops that are only useful once.  Leveling up is done much faster on PVP races even if you come in last every race.  The parts you win are no different than any other short challenge scattered across the map.  Speaking of skill challenges, there are about 5 different challenges and you just do the same thing over and over but in a different area.  It's the exact same problem with the main story as well.  Yet I still find myself going back and completing them in between story missions.    The biggest problem I have with this game is when you hit level 50.  That is the top level you can reach and it unlocks the ability to get special parts in any skill challenge.  The problem is I can go back to a skill level 1 challenge and win the same part on a skill level 50 challenges that is way harder.Conclusion:Look this review has been super negative about the game yet I still recommend it.  The reason is because I am playing it about 8 hours a day since I got it.  Even with all of these issues I still enjoy seeing all of the ugly scenery and driving around in all of the terrible driving cars.  So if you can live with all of the issues mentioned above I recommend the game on a sale like the way I got it.  I do not recommend it at $60.  I wish they would have split the US into 3 sections and charged $60 per-section.  It sounds crazy but with a higher budget and a year in between each section the game could have been so much more.  The map would be the same size but California wouldn't have been cut off at Sacramento and the “Mountain States” wouldn’t be empty along with all of the problems plaguing the game would be fixed."
,Recommended,241560,15007807,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,wolfbuzz,"For the life of me I can not understand why this game has received such poor reveiws. The Crew is nothing more than a really epic version of Burnout or Need for Speed. The map is HUGE, the story is crap, the challenges are fun, and more than anything just messing around with friends makes this game great. The hate does not make sense. I will try to address some other reviewers statements:1. The cities are small and lame.What this person talks of I have no idea. This isn't GTA, you don't EVER get out of a car. I've found this cities perfectly sized given this cartoonish representation of the USA.2. I crash sometimes.No way, you crash in an arcade-style racing game?3. Game looks bad.It's not exactly leading edge but I've found it to be quite beautiful at times.4. Cops suck.Yeah they really do. Cop chases are a nuisance more than anything.5. The cars aren't realistic.For the 100th time: THIS IS AN ARCADE GAME.6. The AI in races is bad mkay?I have not experienced this.7. The navigation system is bad.Sometimes you take the scenic route but you will always get there.Finally, a lot of the players ""cons"" lists are completely valid. However, do the flaws prevent me from reccomending this game? Absolutely not; I've had too much to not reccomend this delightful game. Though I did get it on sale, and you should too..."
,Recommended,241560,14951757,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,カトリン,Best Animals in gaming.
76561198153070297,Not Recommended,241560,14100264,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,helge,"Just finished a 20 minutes singleplayer race. Were leading til half distance, then got passed by one of the racers. For awhile he were ca 1 km ahead of me, and ca. 5 minutes later i managed to catch up with him again. Then near the finish i managed to take a wrong turn and had to drive some extra distance, but still managed to catch up to them and finish second. Is there rubberband in this game? No doubt about it. Is it scripted. No doubt about it:PThe best thing about this game is the massive open world, and it feels pretty realistic to cruise around in cockpit view. Missions are usually normal races, wreck another racer, timetrails, collect crates or escape from either cops or other villains, and most of'em aint much fund.+ Huge open world+ Cruising in cockpit view+ Since there's no Forza Horison 1&2, this games works as a replacement for me- Boring- Think they could have done more to make races more exiting.- Music. Hate the radiochannels, so it didn't take me long to replace the music."
,Recommended,241560,15085103,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Hyp5r,"Sure, this game gets a lot of hate because it's not truly an MMO, the car selection is pretty weak, the handling of the cars leave much to be desired, the rubberbanding, it goes on and on and on, but the truth is, this game is pretty damn fun.If you're playing for the story, expect a poor performance.  No racing game has ever had a story (to my knowledge) that will keep you on your toes and leave you satisfied.  However, playing this game with random people or your friends, you can have a hell of a time from crusing, racing on-road & off-road, performing skill challenges, and more.Truth be told. it's probably one of the better racing games out on PC right now, for those who like arcade-style racing and an active community.  Unfortunately, the other game that fits this itch better would be Test Drive Unlimited 2, which doesn't have much of a community anymore (though many still play it).Another downside is an always-on connection to Ubisoft.  Even though you can complete everything in single-player, you must be online and connected to the Uplay servers, otherwise you'll be booted out to the main menu.  This can become a real annoyance if you just happen to be in an event and lose your internet connection.There's definitely a lot wrong with this game, but there's a lot right too.  The map is absolutely gigantic, and driving from A to B is pretty damn nice visually.  The time of day, weather (as in clouds and snow, no rain for some reason), they both lead to some very pretty visuals.  While some criticize the physics, I actually like them, save for the fact that flipping is an instant crash.  The cars are all very fun to drive, and can be customized to your own wants and needs, visually and performance-wise.  Of course, the way this game handles performance is odd, since a Mini Cooper can be as fast as a LaFerrari, but other than that ...Overall, this game scratches an itch for me.  I've always loved community-style racing, and this game does fit that budget.  While Test Drive Unlimited 2 is definitely an alternative to this game, The Crew does have a little more in terms of graphics and physics, but a lot less in terms of selection.  Truth be told, if you've played TDU2, there's little to expect from this game.  For those looking for an entry into racing, this game isn't half-bad to start out with."
,Recommended,241560,15022866,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Pathfinder Ryder,"Good game overall, but you need something close to a supercomputer used by NASA to play. Plus you need internet faster than a Formula 1 car to complete time-based missions or the game is wraught with failure."
,Recommended,241560,14879583,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Juicy Drops,"Good arcade racing game. had my doubts going into it because of what others were saying but I eneded up loving it. My first 24 hours of playing got me hooked. It's not a simulator, it's arcadey. remember that before buying. Also raid is the worst class you can use, it's absolutely awful and it will make you swear.buy it when it goes on sale, not worth $60"
,Recommended,241560,15104958,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Gislenus,"Interesting game, like the car customization and all the different vehicle specialiaztions that they give. The semi realistic road conditions. from highways to asphalt to dirt roads then right to offroading its all great in my opinion I recommend to play it"
,Not Recommended,241560,15105705,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Blobfish 101,"I haven't played the game for long, but if you're looking for realistic driving, search elsewhere. I've played quite a few rally games, and I have a racing wheel, and I found that most noticably, the steering didn't respond properly and it feels as though the cars are going much slower than it tells you on the speedo in the corner."
,Recommended,241560,15109088,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Stevezies,"Gordon Freeman's brother dies, so he must win race after race to avenge him.10/10 would avenge again."
76561197973119500,Recommended,241560,15121079,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Wolfpup,"I has played and enjoy it as for me i has had some lag issues , disconect issues with uplay, That about it tho."
,Recommended,241560,14250151,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,That rug,Literally Skyrim with cars.
76561198095463383,Recommended,241560,14257661,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Some Geezer,"Had it's moments, certainly didn't live up to the expectations that I got from the cinematics and all the hype.After 33 hours I find myself with the campaign completed, a maxed out perf car, and a few other bits and bobs like landmarks to visit, not really feeling the pull to do anything else. Would I recommend getting this? Short answer is yes, it's worth the money, should keep you entertained if you can live with the arcadey feel, and don't mind racing in RAID cars which were an absolutely nightmare to drive for me, but it was fun overall."
,Recommended,241560,13308246,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Zom,"I was in the closed beta on august, and i really liked the game. Because I didnt want spoiler about the Storymode, I just tried only the open world, playing only with a car with zero modifications. I was in New York, Los Angles, Dallas, Salt Lake City always driving my awesome red Challenger. When the open beta closed, I was like ""Omg, what can I do now?"".Fast Forward to current day. I pre-ordered the crew, so when the game was released, I quickly opened Uplay and start playing.Now i have 26 hours of play and I can give an opinion:Story is ok, not so complicated and long, but it's not that bad. Maybe a bit repetitive, but we aren't in TWD game.I like the possibility to drive for long distance in a beautiful reproduction of USA with some fast cars, but I underline that this is not a MMO like ubisoft said, cause max 6-7 people in the same time playing, and the refreshing is ridicolous. So this need to be fixed.Physics need to be fixed too, while car accidents or jumps. And can we talk about a Prison bus going at 200km/h with 0/100 less than 5 sec? Police AI need some fix too, sometimes is too dumb, and sometimes block a Raid Hummer H1 going at 230km/h just touching it.Some parked cars sometimes floats in the air.Despite this, i reccomend it. Because im sure that with some fixing it will be an awesome game.7/10 for now.UPDATE 03/02: Added some DLC cars, not a big deal. Why not a climate effects (like rain, thunderstorm, blizzard) update? It will be more cool."
76561198069814864,Recommended,241560,14245225,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,iussefatt,"Good graphics, mmo (with problems til the update fixing), an amazing open map (high point) and a short list of cars (low point). I -as NFS lover- am enjoying this game. I've got no problems with the physics."
76561198164066748,Recommended,241560,13685928,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Grunch,Very fun game with a nice gameplay :Dthere can be some crashes but not too annoying
76561198096188537,Recommended,241560,13689939,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Tajowh,The crew is the most open world driving i have seen.I reccomend it for people who are good at need for speed or other games that involve racing.
76561198047992852,Recommended,241560,13692475,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Foo Fighter,"This game is a bad racing game but a great open world exploration game. The physics are wonky and inconsistent, controlling your car is a pain, and opponents regularly cheat making races seem unfair. However, I bought the game for the sole purpose of driving around America and I was not dissapointed. If you are like me and really enjoy driving around in GTA and Watch_Dogs just exploring then you will love the Crew. After only two easy quests you can take off on epic roadtrips across America. There's a wide variety of areas to explore and I have barely touched the surface of the world open to explore. Don't get too excited for great racing gameplay, or next gen graphics but do be ready to explore a huge open world with friends."
,Recommended,241560,13439021,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,BaselxD,is it fun ?Yes.
76561197987064142,Recommended,241560,13249233,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,mulligangster,they need to fix the PC version badly. If it last 6 months and gets fixed then buy it but don't right now.
,Recommended,241560,13441254,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,SEVENTEENPOINT1,"I really enjoy the game, although at some points the AI is rather tough. Nothing that cannot be fixed though. I would recomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,241560,13441319,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,NeyoOS,i love this game but my antivirus deleted the game cause it found malicious content on it... GO UBISOFT!!!!
,Recommended,241560,13443166,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mr-Sp33dy123,8/8 I r8 and congradul8.Gr8 game.
76561198020665288,Not Recommended,241560,13511610,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ZigZagKill,"Pretty upset at this game . Physics in free roam vs. ""quest"" ""pvp"" changes.... and it varies...I MADE the assumption it was very NFS -esque, from previous reviews. It is more like NFS-lite, with a MMo aspect ( not true MMO , as you see people free roaming all around you * AT TIMES* and you cannot really interract with them directly) . I Honestly believe the game WILL get better, but for 60 bucks i feel really ripped off.... I am finding other games way more entertaining. I had HIGH hopes for the game and am a HUGE fan of the NFS series. However it only has the look and premature feel of NFS , and NOTHIGN pertaining to any kind of driving simulator. So mmo wise it fails, as a simulator it fails, as a build up your car/avatar, it fails.... all around the game kinda fails, ESPECIALLY for a competition type game , as most of the time I play their ""PVP"" aspect I play against lvl 50 players at            WAIT FOR IT                 level 22 .... sad as in real world a stock mustang driver , in the racing world , wouldn't race against a stacked race with a Lamborghini ...."
76561198027368134,Not Recommended,241560,13511893,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GnomishRage,crash crash super trash
,Recommended,241560,13511970,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Black Lotus,Love this game...Yes there are still few bugs in the game but i enjoy playing it...This was written after getting 100 000 crew credits for free....
76561198087730801,Recommended,241560,13517499,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,durablecardboard,"Overall, a decent game. Story isn't half bad, the map is HUGE (some races literally take well over an hour to complete, and you don't even see 25% of the map in those races), and there are a few really cool cars. The level of detail in this game is incredible. I'm not a fan of the butchered geography of the United States, but they (for the most part) captured the feel of all the different areas of the country. It really does feel like I am driving across the prarie of my home in Wyoming, the east coast really looks like the east coast, and New Mexico looks like New Mexico. I am impressed. I'm a racing game junkie and I love this game. The multiplayer is phenominal and I love the incorporation of MMO style to the game. I would have to say this is probably the best racing game since the first Need for Speed: Most Wanted came out on the original XBOX. The challenges that are spread out throughout the game definately keep things interesting and alleviate some of the hum-drum-ness that accompanies the long drives in this game.However...There are a few bad things to this game. Some of this is nit-picking, but I feel like the main points are valid complaints.1. The AI cars are nearly impossible to beat. They accelerate harder, go faster, and recover from crashes way faster than you ever could. If you want to take first in almost any long distance event, you had better make sure your car is well over 100 levels higher than the game recommends or you won't have a chance in H-E-double hockey sticks to ever hold first long enough to come in first. Same thing applies to the police and hitmen trying to run you off the road. They are stupidly fast and hard to dodge.2. The scoring system. The game makes it nearly impossible to take a gold medal in an event. You need to hold first place for over 90% of the race, not hit like anything and come in first to take the gold. This is an extremely hard scale to beat, especially when you factor in the god-like AI cars (that can be well over 100 levels below you and still accelerate harder and have a top speed of literally one or two mph faster than your car) and the questonable physics engine (more on that next paragraph) The missions where you ditch the AI cars are also difficult to take gold in becuase you simultaneously have to do incredible amounts of damage to the cops and evade them quickly. If the mission goes over like two minutes you won't get gold, no matter how much damage you did to the cops. And its really hard to get away from them and damage them because hitting them seems to make them mad and harder to get away from. It just really seems like the scoring system is heavily stacked against you.3. The physics for this game. Especially when it comes to off-road vehicles. I don't know of anyone who would want to drive well over 130 mph off road. Going this fast lends itself to some incredibly difficult handling off road. The game was very well designed, map wise, but the off road vehicles were not. They are too bouncy and hard to control. Going up hills is a challenge when all the car wants to do is spin around and go downhill. If you hit one slight bump wrong while going 120+ (and you will, believe me you will) you will 90% of the time lose control of the car. It takes very, very fast fingers to keep your car from hitting anything and crashing. Driving in first person (which is the only way I can drive without hitting everything [the car angle throws off my perception of how hard I'm turning]) is nearly impossible off road due to all the time your car spends with its nose way in the air from hitting something. I feel like having the game go a more realistic speed off road AND not just floor it when you try to give it gas would do wonders for the off-road specs. They did a really good job imitating the slipperiness of dirt (I grew up driving on dirt), so it should stand to reason that they should have an option, at least for when you are not racing, to accelerate like a real person would. Heck, that would be great through the whole game. Stopping and turning around is a lot harder when all your car wants to do is peel out.Fortunately, there are not a whole lot of Raid spec missions, and you don't spend a lot of time off-road. Looking past these few flaws, I love the game. It's a refreshing take on the racing genre and I can see myself easily pouring over a hundred hours into this game."
,Recommended,241560,13517566,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Papa-doc,"This Game is the ultimate Racing MMO, its fun, it isn't Pay to win, it suits the casual gamer and the ""simulator"" addict, the game also gives you a small tour around america, you get to know a bit more about the country and its landscapes, cars are brutal (no ricer♥♥♥♥♥♥ the voice acting could have been better but its not bad, the only thing i found quite annoying is that, there isn't alot of ""Coop"" i never see people in the chat talking, there is a few bugs which i hope that will be fixed in a short period of time, but overall this game is just awesome, totally worth the 50€, if you like cars or racing in general, this game is for you."
76561198071830098,Recommended,241560,13727876,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DeityOfTheEast,"honestly at start i was thinking it was sorta lame, but then as i continued, it got fun, this game isnt realistic which is the first thing you gata realize, its like need for speed underground with some other stuff so dont expect a forza, this game is for ppl that wanna just have fun honestly"
76561197970471206,Recommended,241560,13689194,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dreador,"This is a fairly good arcade-like racing game with a huge open world which keeps my interest. I enjoyed Test Drive 1 and 2 quite a bit which is what influenced me to buy The Crew. I say it's a pretty good game even though for me there are some disappointments.The biggest disappointment is there is no offline play. I can see they probably did not want hackers and such but it is still disappointing since Test Drive 1 + 2 offer offline play. If the online fuction dies then I won't be able to play without some sort of community support I guess.I like how the textures are pretty detailed compared to the Test Drive games and there are many vistas that look pretty impressive such some areas show fireworks going off , very large bridges, detailed towns and cities, airports, a space shuttle, hot air balloons and quite a bit more. Though it seems to not look very realistic since the field of view seems to make everything kind of look like toys somewhat but it is unique, clean looking, and the lighting is very well done especially at night. The dirt roads look pretty bad though compared to other games and seems like it would have been easy to fix. Though it is nice to see animals and people in the world for added detail. The in-car view does look pretty good. The camara angle changes awkwardly a bit when using nitro though.Sounds in general seem fine. I wish the car sounds were a bit fuller but aren't too bad. I do like how the sound does change when you are in the car itself.The racing is pretty fun especially since you can take shortcuts and smash through things which adds excitement. There are mini games also which allow you to win car parts which is pretty neat.For me this game is worth buying for the exploration because there are a lot of vistas, car parts, and such you can find throughout this very large map and the racing is fun too. The atmosphere of the world does feel a bit unrealistic visually but it does have it's own unique appearance which is nice. It is probably hard to be able to manage the time to create everything perfectly especially when making such a huge world."
76561198091087176,Recommended,241560,13563303,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,..Silent?,"It's honestly one of the most fun games i've personally played. The only thing I have to say is.... use a controller. You can try using your keyboard, but you're going to be slamming into alot of walls and cars.... at very crucial times. The only negative is in some races it really sucks how challenging it is sometimes. I find myself replaying a mission about 2-3 times maybe 4 depending on what  type, wondering if you're even meant to win. But it's like a good challenge becauseonce you've won the race you feel very satisfied. Ow... and if you crash late in the race, or just once in a short race... you basically lost and should just restart and attempt to like... not crash. But overall I'm a car guy, and I love this game I just wish there was more Tuner cars like the Supra, WRX STI, etc."
,Recommended,241560,14187195,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Acierocolotl,"This game is hilaridumb.  I mean it's car porn, set in the vast vastness of continental United States--an entirely mythical construct from my point of view--where I guess you fight street racing crime by street racing?  Who cares!  I like it.  If I find a Lotus or a GT86 (etc) I will be the happiest four-heart-consored person this side of the Rio Grande.Turns out it doesn't have either.  But it does have a BMW Z4, which I do rather like.  Plus some other stuff, who cares."
,Recommended,241560,13295956,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Sydo,"This game is AWESOME :) Just few bugs, ubiplay, no mirrors and only few cars :( But still it took my heart :)"
,Recommended,241560,13289262,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,nosirrbro,The game is really fun. Only a few things I would change:Cops are OPWhy is my camero better than my lambo? (Perf Spec)Other than that its great. Fully reccomend!
76561198026996483,Recommended,241560,13292017,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,vocah1234,"I got invited into beta, i wasn't to excited at all originally when i heard about the game. Thinking ""ohh yay another generic racing game of which there are hundreds already"" but since i was invited to the beta i would give it a go since i haven't played racing games in a while.To be honest i am glad i did give it a go. From the first day i played in beta i was completely addicted to the crew. It blew me out of the water and has renewed the whole racing genre for me.The crew has so much going for it. I love the ease of quickly jumping into co-op races with others. The map is absolutely huge, i have only really explored the Mid-West and half of the East Coast (the smallest 2 states), Still leaving me with the South, Mountain States and West Cost (the largest 3).There is a massive number of main missions which i have only scratched the surface of. There are aslo extra skills, kind of like a mini game that's completely optional from the main story quests. These skills have a wide variety to, anything from launching your car over a ramp to following race lines and many more.The ease of use of the Tuning Specs and the fact you are able to have a street spec car, then also have the same car as a dirt spec while being able to have both cars completely different designs, colours, parts as if it was a completely separate car is awesome.Although i am not 100% sure how many cars in total the crew has atm. I have read somewhere around 40, which for a racer isn't to great. But i do believe they have done an awesome job with the 40 they have in the game, nothing was missed in my opinion, they didn't rush the cars to get numbers in the game. Later additions to the car count will be added so all good, prefer they take their time and get it right.All in all, if you like racing games, customization, a good variety of missions/mini games, racing with others and a well built game. Then the crew is for you, BUY IT NOW :)Graphics - 9/10Gameplay - 10/10Overall - 9.5/10"
76561198152788314,Recommended,241560,13346624,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,FreeBandz,"very fun racing game, just disliked how u cant really join an actual crew it is just a crew of four from your online session,would recommend it for people who like racing games"
76561198067583857,Recommended,241560,13352282,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Andy Climactic,"8/10Good:-Running graphics on highest at ~60 frames with a medium-high spec PC-Graphics are amazing-Racing is fun-Soundtrack is good-Voice acting is great-Cutscenes are spectacular but theres less than 4 in the first few hoursMeh:-Cops  dont react when you hit them going 150+ mph, and they are able to match speed in their 1999 crown victoria when you are going 180 mph-When you have a better car than all the ai, one of the ai will be 400+ yards in front if you mess up while the others are 700 yards behind-Every non-dirt race has traffic-Traffic-no matchmaking for PVP, you get matched with a lvl 50 in a lvl 999 car while youre level 13-you get very little money from the campaign-less than 20 missions per region, so probably around 120 missions total.-mission will make you use a dirt spec against a perf spec for the sole purpose of.... i don't know.Bad:-Uplay-Uplay servers-Raid spec is the same thing as dirt-Expensive cars usually only get 1-2 specs-Needs more songs on the radio-Third-person driving is unresponsive on a keyboard, but looks better scenery wiseGreat game, would rather pay 50$ or 45$ than 60. If you've got a controller, great, a wheel, even better, but on a keyboard youre pretty much restricted to first person because otherwise driving in third person is impossible"
76561198070417709,Recommended,241560,13340488,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Marco8181,Unfortunately there is no Forza or GT for PC....This is the next viable option and it rocks for those of us that have chosen this platform.  Is there more to be desired?? OF COURSE THERE IS......But when you have to work with what you're given this is thumbs up all the way.   I can only hope that with future DLCs the Car manufacturers grow and the race and even the low 50 rank will be upgraded.  Kudos Ubisoft!
,Not Recommended,241560,14179275,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ipapotihus,"Missing car to buy and money to buy them.  Love the free roaming and some challenge.  Mission are all the same and those that are not race, are not really good.  I dislike the destroy the other car mission.  Got Stock often in you cant go out zone because we didn't think you will go there. The police go way too fast. Making the escape no fun. The other car on the road doesn't have the quality I would love to see. The car you can painfully make after finding all the piece is not really good. You will have stat for your car.... yes you will have 6754 brake level..... and 6785 engine level.... in a car game , I would have love to see max speed 150 - after upgrade 164. not +3 on the already no meaning big number. With a couple of big update and change in the design, the game can be save. But for me I don't think I will have more time to but on that game."
76561198054015843,Not Recommended,241560,14157868,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MrNoonga_Gaming,"Nothing special, physics are not realistic, NFSU2 was more realistic than this, graphics are nice and engine sounds are close to real, but not worth it, even on special its not worth it, try again Uplay and ivory tower, this could have been a forza beater if you found proper physics, but this is miles away fromthe cake."
,Not Recommended,241560,13335244,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,pants,ive made a $85 mistake85$ game still has microtransactionsmultiplayer sucks and extremely limited max 8 players i believenot much to do besides racingcompared to forza 4 the crew loses in everything
76561198056452294,Not Recommended,241560,14210757,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,๖ۣۜUики♂ωи®,Game crush at checkpoint 80/110.... 45 minutes waste for NOTHING!!!!! FxxK!!!! Good game but bad UBISOFT!!! Poor Server...
,Recommended,241560,14385488,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,-|D|-|C|- Red Mike [PT],Good Game. Open World it's a nice way to play action-driving games. The missions are a bit hard. If you have a car that can reach 250 km/h the others cars in the race easily reach 300 km/h what is very stupid :/ . The side missions are different from others games but very nice in general. Final Score: 7/10
76561198073097631,Recommended,241560,13640012,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Altairv,"The Crew is awesome, gameplay is very good, graphics are cool and the Openworld makes it really worth it, so I recomment this game to all players who like driving games as this is the best title I played in years"
,Recommended,241560,13309888,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,*FPCG| LeviathaN,"Since I didn't experimented everything on the game yet, I'll put only what I used/discovered so far:- History: Didn't finished yet. It's a standard history, easy to understand.;- Soundtrack (In races) - Exciting music!;- Soundtrack (Free roam) - I THINK there's less than 20 tracks, since I keep hearing the same often. ALSO NO ROCK, C'MON UBISOFT!;- Controls:-- Keyboard: Standard racing game, only a bit harder when driving on Dirt roads;-- Gamepad: Stil didn't tested;-- LT G27: Still not discovered the most realistic settings for it, but it's good so far. Also, you have to hit the clutch even when using Sequential gear change. Don't know if it's like that on real cars. Of course, you have Automatic and H-Shifter as well;- Interface: Veeeery very easy to access everything;- Map: It's USA, what do you think? It's freaking huge. Good thing you can fast travel via Trains/Airplanes or in car if you already discovered the location (You can Fast Travel with cars to every single point on the map, not a specific Airport/Station);- Cars: There's about 30 including the unlockables.-- Customization: Some cars have all 5 types (Street, Dirt, Perfec(?), Circuit and other I don't remember now) and each one have nice customization options (Dirt cars remembers Power Rangers Turbo a lot);-- Paintings: Plenty. You'll definitely find one that suits you;-- Interior painting: Bad. Baaaaaaad. Only 5 colors (Red, Black, Yellow, Blue, White) and 4 types (Whole Seat, Seat Specific Regions, Car Panel and some combinations);That's it for now. I'll put more things the more I play."
,Recommended,241560,13727036,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Deadwalk,"For everyone who bad talks this game LEARN HOW TO DRIVE. It's that simple. I play this game with my Logitic G27 and its AMAZING! the AI is built to constintaly be pushing you to your best, with a game where your car is constantly getting better and evolving this type of agressive AI is needed. On the plus side the less ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pus drivers in my world the better.Dusted a Lambo in my mini cooper why you might ask? what would cause someone to do this?I explane it this way, its like using a toothpick to disarm a nuke, Ego my friend. Ego.Pros:-Make any car a beast (if you say ""he has more power"" its your own fault)-My 370z started from the bottom now its here! Lvl 1150-Huge beautiful world-Lots of beautiful cars-Amazing sound track (id like to see more metal)-The customization goes in pro since its here.. however I find it is lacking and you can't change the paint, size, location or add layers of the ""stickers"" (vinals) I'd like to see more Side skirts and quarter panels.-Cause hell with friends!-Story is entertaining altho short.Cons:- people giving it bad reviews because they are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ drivers.-U-play sucks!-3-rd party required to play and download the game, I was happy with steam where I bought the game, however the game requires you download and play though U-play while still needing steam open.-U-play drops me to desktop after winning races with friends, forcing me to restart my pc inorder to play again (might happen once a day)"
,Recommended,241560,17202809,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,[RAR] Koala,Drove for 3 hours just to get to the border of mexico just to find a ♥♥♥♥en big fence in my way
,Not Recommended,241560,15500618,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Captain_Coleslaw(Laurits),"Great fun when it works, sadly, as we all know ubisoft kinda sucks... But as i said, when the game works, its a ton of fun, with a lot of costumization, and constant updates, and the whole free roam aspect of the game is great and makes for endless hours of driving and cruising!EDIT: THE SEASON PASS DOES NOT INCLUDE THE DLC, DO NOT EVER TOUCH THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,241560,17152031,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,TIR3DD,"good game...nice graphic...not much for customization even though they give you the option but its just for show and most of the things like bumpers are all alike some difference are only extra lightsmost people playing inside are mostly toxic especially in PVP events (in my experience)NO ONE SPEAKS ENGLISH! mostly russians or some other languagescar performance not accurate...i mean come on how is koenigsegg agera with the top speed of 440km/h lose to laferrari with the top speed of 350km/h?! and koenigsegg doesn't reach that top speed...but McLaren 12C when u change it to circuit spec and full car lvl of 1299 u can reach to speeds of 407km max (if anyone knws what cars can break 400km please tell me) doesn't really live up to the name as the crew when u can only have 4 people in a ""crew"" and they might say its mmo when the fact is its not when the most people in one session is less than 10 people....i would say buy if u are interested in playing racing games and free roaming just to past time or wanna play ur own cross country races with your friends but seriously...buy when there is sales AI DRIVES FASTER THAN 420km/h and puts a distances of 20km between u and them everything changed ever since wild run came out. PERF CARS CAN DRIFT EASILY (aren't they suppose to stick to the ground?), CIRCUIT CARS CANNOT TURN AS SHARP AS IT DID (previously the turns u can tackle at high speeds now u cant...circuit cars might stick to the ground as much as perf but not so much till it cant turn at all....I HAVE TO MAKE A WIDE TURN AT THE 2ND GEAR!) SCRATCH THAT IF U INTERESTED IN CAR GAMES THIS IS AN ABOMINATION! WAIT TILL LIKE ITS UNDER $10 IF NOT U ARE GONNA REGRET IT! IF THE ADMINS OF THE GAME ARE READING THIS...MAKING GRAN TURISMO/FORZA HAVE SEX WITH NEED FOR SPEED AND MAKE A BABY CALLED THE CREW U ARE GONNA HAVE A BAD TIME! YOU ALREADY GOT THE CAR SPECS WRONG DUN TRY TO MAKE THE DRIVING EXPERIENCE REAL LIKE THOSE GOD LIKE GAMES LIKE GRAN TURISMO / FORZA! EARNING MONEY IS WAY OUT OF REACH... i dun mind driving 1hr+ to earn 160000 but when the rubber band effect comes into play and crush u like an ant everytime that sucks so bad! i have no choice because i put my faith into ubisoft I BOUGHT THE CREW GOLD EDITION AT 120SGD BUT THOSE THAT HAVE NOT PURCHASE THE GAME DO NOT DO IT! UNTIL IT IS AT THE BELOW 10 DOLLAR PRICE RANGE...THE IN GAME PURCHASES SUCK SO BADLY...PPL FROM UBISOFT AND IVORY TOWERS! LEARN FROM OTHER GAMES! IF I PURCHASE CREW CREDITS IM SUPPOSED TO GET A TON OF CAR AND MOD THEM ACCORDINGLY NOT HALF FINISHED CARS.....FELLOW GAMERS DUN BUY THIS GAME IF IT IS NOT UNDER $10!!"
76561198285921575,Recommended,241560,30317122,Posted: 4 March,all,大炮隨你車,please add more suv
76561198106492697,Recommended,241560,19376033,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,guyonabuffalo,Awesome
76561198100632025,Not Recommended,241560,13233372,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,ATCHAFALAYA HATAK,This would be a great racing game if it wasn't a rpg. The increases in a vehicle are based off of parts that if placed in a better vehicle would increase its performance. I feel in that sense it makes the game to unrealistic to be enjoyable.
,Recommended,241560,30704082,Posted: 24 March,all,MrMilan_,I love this game!
,Recommended,241560,17122613,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Insane_Nick,"Игра очень даже хорошая,но машины за донат-это ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ец"
,Not Recommended,241560,13193714,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,FreshmanFox,Graphics update 1 year after the game is released?Steam Controller not working with the game?Good job Ubishit you're putting the cart before the horse again.
76561198134379650,Not Recommended,241560,13313686,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Quantum Waffle,"Hmm... how do I put this.3 years ago, I was still a naiive little boy. I went online, browsed the web, and bought every game that had a rating of 8 or above on ign. Then, I came across watch dogs.HOLY F*CKING GABENWOW! THAT GRAPHICZ THOWOW! THAT GAMEPLAY THOWOW! THAT STORY IS DA SCHITZ! THERE'S NO WAY IT WILL BE♥♥♥♥♥♥And so I waited.And waited.And waited a bit longer.Built my survival fort in minecraft, beat FTL for the the first time (with unlimited scraps).And then the game had a graphical downgrade.No matter, still looked cool enough. I was still praying in front of my Watch Dogs poster every day.Preorders came to steam around a month later. Being the kind of person who literally hailed Aiden as their Senpai, I bought the most expensive edition of the game.And so I waited.And waited.And waited a bit longer.Built a rollarcoaster in minecraft, beat FTL for the first time without cheats.Finished Bioshock Infinite.Waited.When the game finished downloading, I was basically high. Jumping around all over the place. Probably broke my bed in the process.And I played the game. Finished it in a single playthrough.GOOD GAME!but...Wait did I play the right game? THAT was watch dogs?..........A few months later, The Crew was released.HOLY CRAP! LOOK AT ZAT WORLD SIZE!HOLY CRAPZ!!! LOOK AT ZE GAMEPLAY HYPE!HOLY CREAPZEWARL! LOOK AT THOSE CARZ!...So I waited.And I waited.Got 100% completion in watch dogs. Built a redstone computer in minecraft.And I waited.Of course, being the dumbf*ck that I was, at this point, I bought the crew.Most expensive edition.And this time, it wasn't a watch dogs. It was worse.You see, I tolerated watch dogs. It was overhyped, but it was good.The Crew however, was overhyped, and it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ And now with the expensive DLC known as ""wild run"", it's doing more damage to itself than it ever has done.I'm done with preordering ubisoft games.Just... don't. Your money will be better spent on Project Cars or something."
,Recommended,241560,13723456,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kenedy Kross,"I was not recommend this game before. After many patches, this game's getting better. I'll go for Wild Run :)"
76561198035921827,Recommended,241560,14193875,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,HIVE.DELTAscorpion0,"it's a very fun game to play, nice cars, etc.it very enjoyable to play with friends only a shame that the MP and bugs with grouping up are annoying"
,Recommended,241560,13918665,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,TheMightyMoose,"everybody say that ubisoft just have bad games, whit bad phisics, but thay did a grat job on this game,really loved it, its not because thry made a mistake in 1 or 2 games that all their games are crap, They really made a good job on this one"
76561198035423170,Recommended,241560,27186470,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Propeller Klas,Great fun if you're into cars
,Recommended,241560,27198533,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lionhead,"If you likes cars and bikes, this is the game for you"
,Recommended,241560,27222167,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,♠ Sr_Chelini ♞ ,I ♥♥♥♥ing love my Skyline :3
,Recommended,241560,27133275,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Revenge,⁢
76561198174790667,Recommended,241560,15527324,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,BrightShadow,"This game is so much fun and you can do what ever you like, such as offroading or racing the streets with your friends."
76561198018845533,Recommended,241560,15528607,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Colonel Shaeffer,"buggy, often the game does not save my progress.  also, this game is somenhow just not fun.  whether you are offroad racing, going over jumps, slaloming between posts, or just racing, it all just seems pointless and hollow (kind of like the story and world).  I wanted to like this game, but it just isn't what I (or anyone really) was looking for.If you are really totally sold on the premise of doing this with your friends, be aware I found this game just as boring with my friends as I did solo (they did too, none of us play now).buy it if you really want to, don't be surprised if you refret it."
,Recommended,241560,15439606,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Big Daddy,"i was able to put a spoiler on a truck, 10/10"
,Recommended,241560,14986429,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,МАНОВ CSGO500,Great performance handling ;)
,Not Recommended,241560,14987654,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Jarrod,Very lousy server. Always connection issue.
,Recommended,241560,14988238,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,JamiePhonic,"First things first, most of the poor reviews for this game are from hardcore racing game fans. this review is from the point of view of someone who has almost never played a racing game before. with that said, i can safely say that the crew is actually a pretty good game.The story is a little short with me having beat the campaign in a little under 18 hours (over the cource of about 5 days with ocasional side quests to level up my cars a bit before the next race), however the game offers some replay value in that you can go back to any mission you have done and replay it, though the rewards dont change for beating it at a higher level unless you've reached level 50 and unlocked platinum parts, in which case its worth going back and re-doing some missions.The ""skills"" are a touch annoying in that if you accidentaly trigger one while driving about you either need to open your phone and choose abort, open the map to auto abort it, or just let it time out.The game also claims to be MMO, but i played the entire campaign in solo mode because i couldnt find anyone to coop with, instead just getting an error that coop failed because there is no one in my session and in general only actually passing other players on the road a coupple of times every so often.In general, i did enjoy the story and the game as a whole and ill continue to play it to complete the challenges, skills and the factions missions you unlock after reaching new york. If you havnt played any racing games before, this is quite a good one to start with, BUT i would not reccomend buying this at full price. wait for a sale and get it then.i will say that i haven't noticed any problems with ""rubber banding AI"" or undestructable cops, but thats just me and i also haven't had the game crash on me (yet)"
,Recommended,241560,14966502,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,jollyJbawler,"Every time I try to race in a faction race, I never finish. Either my pc shuts off Or I smack into the wall at the end. You have to have some pretty good karma to play this game"
76561198150823235,Not Recommended,241560,14966757,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,xXKSCXx,"Cant even play this trash, dont even come with a activation code. Worst game ever."
,Recommended,241560,14980658,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,TRNDSTTR,"Quite fun, needs some more customization though."
76561198172956297,Recommended,241560,14980891,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,cesarfel,"The Crew is amazing,really,just a bit frustrating when you lose a mission in the last minute because of a little mistake :P,but it's indeed good."
76561198114769216,Recommended,241560,15055913,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,lotw_1,"Its actually not a bad racing game considering what it is.  Its trying to be an MMO like racer, which is sort of does.  The game is an arcade racer more than a sim type.  There is a decent car amount and stuff to do.  The in game map is pretty much a smaller version of the United States.  Driving from New York to Los Angeles will take you about 30-40 minutes depending on the car and how lucky you are..."
,Recommended,241560,14752032,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,KF690,"This game is amazing, I'm gonna do a quick pros/cons review:Pro:-Car handling is good, not enough to be called a simulator per se, but its no arcade/nfs game either.-The atmosphere and the setting is stunning, they really captured the feeling of driving through the desert, the snow, or the green fields in central USA, the cities are also amazing and expansive.-Very open ended, you can go to wherever you can see, no exceptions, almost no invisible walls, its awesome.-Traffic AI is not perfect, but the sheer amount of cars on some sections make it worth it.-Entretaining multiplayer challenges-amazing graphics-Lots of cars, very customizable-Handling reacts to the terraincons:-Bad soundtrack, very little variety. I found myself either listening to the classical music station, or simply playing some music on the background. This game urgently needs some kind of adaptive radio station to blend in with the atmosphere of each area. Driving through the appalachians? Why not some bluegrass? Driving through arizona/nevada/texas? Some country music would fit in perfectly, driving through the snow? Something more epic would probably be a nice addition. In the end, the soundtrack, which is mostly electronic music only serves if you are in a city, at night. For a game that depends so much on its atmosphere, that's a very significant negative-The story is better than TDU2, but its still lacking substance.-It gets a little repetitive, but never really ""Grindy"", for me at least.To sum it all up, it manages to capture an atmosphere similar to that of Euro Truck Simulator 2, the best moments in this game weren't spent doing some obnoxious slalom challenges in detroit, but driving calmly down the road to florida. It also feels a lot like Test drive unlimited 2, but this time there is more variety and less bugs. If you like test drive, you are surely gonna want to buy this game.Ultimately, is it worth buying?If you care about atmosphere, driving, eventually speeding and sandbox racing, YES, totally, but if you are looking for just another Y0LOSW4G 420 ULTRA FAST CAR R4C1NGE DANK SLALOM 0V3RT4KE 666, then you better stick with games that focus more on that. THIS IS AN OPEN WORLD DRIVING GAME, NOT PURE CIRCUIT RACING GAME!"
,Recommended,241560,14805680,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Urban Guerrilla,"alot of fun, need more friends to play with"
76561198181551094,Recommended,241560,14830444,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,jacobthalmann,"this game is awesome it drives well except for all the stupid missions with perf car classes on snowy roads. i have a few issues with not necessarily the game but more what its missing is its lack in variety of cars especially older iconic cars like the Mazda Rx7, the Rx8, the mitsubishi 2000 the honda nsx, the subaru sti(2007 sedan and hatchback, and especially the toyota supra, its cars like that that people enjoy customizing and driving not high end uncustomizable cars like the pagani or konnigsiegg. also this game has a serious lack of uniqueness..... you should be able to do whatever you want with all your cars with body kits and rims an tints whatever it is.. i want to be able to add paint layers or upload designs from elsewhere wether ive designed it myself or someone else has like how they have in forza. this game should be as fun to customize you car and make your own as Need for Speed most wanted, Carbon, and Underground 2 all in one. if none of that is possible please just add the toyota supra...."
,Recommended,241560,14861485,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Everblood,"The crew is a nice and awesome game. It has been a long time since i have played a game so awesome and cool. You get to choose you own car from among many different types. You get to costumize allmost everything on them and you get to ride them in both competetive, 4v4, 3v3, 2v2, 1v1, and even free world if you would like! In free world you can even Cruss with your friends, or go on a little windie ride.When all this is said, I must say that the game becomes very boring when you have completet the story mode and all the challenges! And ofcause everything gets a little more fun when you have some friends to play with, That also includes story mode.Conclusion: Buy it -> Play it -> invite your friends to play with you -> have ALOT of ♥♥♥♥ING FUN :D -> Stop playing it for a half year -> install it again after a half ayear or something -> Start new Character and new story -> Have fun once again ;)"
76561198074352523,Recommended,241560,14342466,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Cereal Killer,My waffles got burned with this game.
,Recommended,241560,14891435,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,гαιи,This game is filled with adventures. I really enjoy driving from the east coast to the west coast.
76561198054468122,Not Recommended,241560,14899065,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Flaminski,"A lot of proplem in connecting with friends, I can't meet up with a friend in this game, Most people get frustrated trying to connect with a friend, if you wanna play this game alone, then go ahead it's a nice game, online then you gonna have a hard time."
,Recommended,241560,27669331,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Superepic97,Good game but need to fix some bugs
,Recommended,241560,27666675,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheNordicBeast,Great game 10/10
,Recommended,241560,23074966,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,pae360,Very big map!
,Recommended,241560,28471874,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Benjy,"Yes our multiplayer consist of joining a crew (sometimes does not let you), finding a crew joining it with your friends (never lets you) and large map free roam (20% of time your game will crash and the other 80% of the time you can't load for each other and when you do as soon as someonw on the other side of the map gets in a police chace you UNLOAD)10/10 would recommend"
76561198120840984,Recommended,241560,15011689,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,TheFrozenSnowman,fun game but u need like the best computure in the entire world to finish the iron clan mission or any time trail missions.
76561198126969804,Recommended,241560,14147320,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,✪ V.I.P,"The game is awesome, the port is awesome (y) 9.9/10"
,Not Recommended,241560,13232110,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,aripo14,"Want an open world racing game? FH3Great customization? FH3 or NFSGorgeous graphic and sound? FH3 or NFSGreat gameplay and handling model in open world game? not this one. FH3 or NFSHow about good offroading in open road? FH3!If I could sell this game, I would! even for quarter of the price.Really, this game was good before FH3 released. Now it's nothing compared to that. Even when NFS came out, this game start to feel a bit meh. Thankfully Wild Run just released so this game has selling points.You can't really drift here, you can't really tune your car, cosmetic customization is really limited (same rear bumper with different lights for example) you can't even change the colour of the Decals!The only good thing about this game is the Wild Run and The Summit. And the photography, you could really snap many astonishing pics with this game (I rack up a lot of hours because of it btw) but that's about it.Handling is abysimal, every car feels so light, there's no character to each car or even the simplest difference in RWD and AWD feel. Nitrous is so very childish. At least enable us to race without nitorus! The graphic was ok but even GTA V is still better, even after graphical overhaul this game is still quite bad. Several people jokes about this game saying PS2 wants its graphic back. The car sounds was abysimal. Several vehicle feels unbalanced. And now a new expansion? No.This game deserve a sequel now. A brand new game. Not miilking money from an out of date game."
76561198103110908,Recommended,241560,29253658,Posted: 14 January,all,Natsuki Subaru,"Good game but lagging, if you dont have a super-computer.(I have one)"
,Not Recommended,241560,29263119,Posted: 14 January,all,Salmon,"The game just keeps crashing, wouldn't buy."
,Not Recommended,241560,29557773,Posted: 28 January,all,tagwinterm00n,the crew connection to proxy failed code #0_1
76561198236035748,Not Recommended,241560,29905195,Posted: 13 February,all,SanteriS,"Game is fun and map is really large, but new DLCs cost too much. Also some car interiors are not working with 5760x1080 resolution."
76561198274321470,Recommended,241560,29347581,Posted: 18 January,all,Rjd2fast4u,great game
76561198148973445,Recommended,241560,29623473,Posted: 1 February,all,Mr. Nutella,10/10
,Recommended,241560,16287042,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Operation Blood Orchid,"Shiv has 3 HP, servers go down for matinence.Crate collection missions are way too difficult when the servers go down for matinence, and are still difficult when the servers are up.Driving is fun until the servers go down.Game is fun until servers go down.All kidding aside, this is a great game with a pretty good storyline. The servers don't go down very often, but they do seem to do so at the worst times. The AI is totally bugged out, often rubberbanding or TELEPORTING TO FIRST PLACE whenever they crash.8/10 Would attempt to play again/Love this game aside from its obvious flaws."
76561198029001734,Recommended,241560,29070539,Posted: 6 January,all,jcboy79,Open world fun.Plenty of grinding.Game engine is a bit wonky at times.Plenty of things to see and do.I enjoy this game.
,Not Recommended,241560,17237719,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,No0bpoleon Bo0nerparte,Disconnect 80% of races in a crew
76561198125432111,Recommended,241560,29656114,Posted: 2 February,all,Sanisorg skinsraw.com,sd
,Recommended,241560,29710927,Posted: 4 February,all,Maryjane ☮,good game
76561198169082520,Recommended,241560,29731820,Posted: 5 February,all,PickyourHead,45
76561198357867678,Recommended,241560,29711584,Posted: 4 February,all,JaZz,Is a pretty nice game
,Recommended,241560,29591505,Posted: 30 January,all,{USNB COL} not bomb squad,fun gam and all but the first mission is almost impossible its like a bike with no wheels againts a formula 1 car with nitroaltho it is fun to go offroading and do all that stuffwould buy if you like first missions being the hardest
,Recommended,241560,29600403,Posted: 30 January,all,Salmo Pedwar,"The Crew is an experience worth the $15 on sale price but after that should be left alone. Explore the world, do the story, burn out, and never buy the DLC. It's a excellent open-world, MMO freedriving game, but only at base. No more."
,Recommended,241560,29610577,Posted: 31 January,all,Sleek,"Despite a pretty failed launch the game has been improved over time and now the driving physics are actually decent.However, getting air and other ""bumpy"" actions tends to still be very flawed and unpredictable.The car selection has become quite good and the attention to detail on them is pretty good as well. Customizability is one of the better ones of racing games though the liveries cannot be custom made.The storyline is decent though rather cliche at times. Some missions are pretty infuriating while others are a walk in the park.The main downfall is there are still quite a few bugs and multiplayer matchmaking only works sometimes. I often end up spending either a few minutes to find a crew to do the crew challenge at Summit events or more often than not the matchmaker never seems to find someone else for even hours. Physics when on rough terrain (Raid and Monster Trucks usually) tend to be very unpredictable and frustrating.Another flaw is there is basically no competitive reason to turn off assists and use manual gear shifting as even when manual the cars shift rather slow. There may be a slight advantage to using sport mode instead of full assits though its only minor as the steering assist sometimes does drive a player off course and that is reduced in sport. Contrary to most other driving games there is no acceleration penalty when using full assistance and automatic gearing."
,Recommended,241560,29606900,Posted: 31 January,all,Sergeant.Neon,This game is nice to play and is one of my favourite games.
76561198027062376,Recommended,241560,14765470,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,KenLit,Super Awesome. Want to learn about America and their major sightseeings THIS IS IT!
,Recommended,241560,24167056,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Baconstoner420Qc,still good game but having some trouble in the past..
,Recommended,241560,32788055,Posted: 25 June,all,Cesa97☹😈,"I bought this game last summer sale and it was one of the best purchases ever, great game to play with friends"
,Not Recommended,241560,24714568,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Saiury,"I really like this game but it's badly optimized. Perhaps other platforms work better, but the computer is poorly optimized."
,Recommended,241560,32798708,Posted: 25 June,all,J4m13aN,"I think I'm going to play The Crew again, see if The server still working.*Disconnected error"
,Recommended,241560,32823851,Posted: 26 June,all,xralor8x,This game is amazing for what it is. I would recommend it to a lot of people. I personally didn't like it because I am on keyboard and the controls are a bit difficult to me. The creators put a lot of time into it and the graphics are amazing. The first two missions I played were amazing and was really fun. Great game to play if you are into arcade type games.
,Recommended,241560,32942576,Posted: 28 June,all,"^Fé""",Nice one guys
76561198045156866,Recommended,241560,32975229,Posted: 28 June,all,mileo12,"I don't know why this game got so many bad reviews. Having played most of the racing games out there, I can say the Crew is my favorite above all. The open world is great filled with tons of stuff to do. This game is worth every penny. I would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,241560,32975325,Posted: 28 June,all,sanketraikar100,A good multiplayer game
,Recommended,241560,32924017,Posted: 28 June,all,gnomeball,Uhm... It's OK i guess
,Not Recommended,241560,26157550,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Meloving,>Preordered Gold Edition>Wild Run>Calling All Units>)))))))))))))))))))
,Recommended,241560,17083322,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Buem,"Unique physics, decent tuning and a massive detailed open world to do whatever you want!Recommended!"
76561198238596526,Recommended,241560,28947293,Posted: 2 January,all,mihailosmc,"Great game, interesting story"
,Not Recommended,241560,29038485,Posted: 5 January,all,✪ iTaunt™,"The missions are bad , they should give you more freedom and drive around :/"
76561198069711718,Recommended,241560,26854289,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OPdog97 NoDedGpuCantSeeShit,Awesome :)
,Recommended,241560,28700054,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PublicMasturbatr,"I specify this as my favorite racing game. There isn't much you can do in this extremely large dynamic open world of the United States but visiting new places is fun. The game is easy to run, but if they add more types of missions that would be great. Minor character customization along with more graphics settings would complete this game.My rating:9.3/10"
76561198052714069,Recommended,241560,29025952,Posted: 4 January,all,galek.mg,Great game but sutterimg a loot
,Not Recommended,241560,29062318,Posted: 6 January,all,Mr. Torgue,"The game has a few good and bad sides i am going to line them up for you:Good:-concept of the game, the idea is really fun.-modding of the cars, you can customise your car completely like you want.-graphics, it's a really nice game to see but you don't necessary need to have a beefy pc.sadly there are a few bad sides that can kill the fun in this game- the camera angle is bad, it can't be changed properly and can be very annoying- the physics, i had a lot of time when you grind into a straight wall for a few seconds to dodge some cars you fly up a few meters and land next to te road or diagonal on it with all of your momentum gone.- the voice acting, not the best i've heard. it's a bit stiff without very much emotion but the storyline isn't the core of this game- radio station has limited songs, every radio station has like five songs they play constantly and if you play it for like 2 hours straight it begins to annoy me.- drive-in races, there are certain races where you have to go through a little white arrow-thingey to start a race where you get new parts for your car. but if you are just freeroaming it can be annoying because some of them you can't dodge. so you are forced to do the race even if you don't want to.- the last one and that is something i annoy some people can live with this very easy but you CAN'T  get out of your car.I hope you got some usefull info on this game. If ubisoft fixes alot of little bugs and glitches i would play this game alot more."
,Not Recommended,241560,28951491,Posted: 2 January,all,iv,"Out of the 500 games i own, this is by far the most dissapointing. After practically every mission of any sort or even just a few minutes driving around, the program stops responding and crashes. I have tried all the advice in the forums and not gotten anywhere. I even tried 2 other computers, just to make sure it wasn't my computer. I have opened 2 support tickets on the developers site and after 2 months, i have gotten no advice beyond the stuff i have already tried. It's a serious dissapointment considering i bought everything including the dlc and the game looks like it should be good fun if only it worked. I only wished i had tried the game as soon as i bought it so i could have demanded a refund."
76561198071704334,Not Recommended,241560,24040412,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Coldhawk,"The Crew is a love/hate relationship. The gameplay is good enough, the cars are beautiful, the graphics are great but the developers are insane. If you've read other reviews you know why I dislike them. If you haven't:The Crew launched back at 2014 with massive hype leading up to it. It supposedly had the map of the entire USA, hundreds of cars and the bestest multiplayer. At launch it costed 60€ and the season pass at 25€. After turning out to be a letdown, the game still had a community and the developers were still developing. So 2015 comes and The Wild Run is released which adds a graphical overhaul, new weather effects and The Summit. Also, new cars were added every month with each new summit which was nice.  The Wild Run was a nice feature to have and was welcomed. For The price it was good with me. Now, we get to the juicy part. Calling All Units. That currently costs 25€ and adds a new gamemode and 11 skins for old cars. Now the problem is that if you bought the 25€ season pass you didn't get Wild Run or Calling All Units. And if you had The Wild Run you didn't get Calling All Units. But if you buy Calling All units you do get The Wild Run. So Ivory Tower or Ubisoft or whoever, is making old fans and players pay for new and useless stuff while new players get everything."
,Recommended,241560,30337848,Posted: 5 March,all,navithmastero,"The Crew is... a decent game. Good driving gameplay marred by a mediocre storyline and some of the game mechanics turn this into a game which I can't really recommend unless the game is on sale. The game has a lot of wasted potential, and could be far better than it is. The races are too easy and thus  progression through more expensive cars is unneeded. It is, as I said, decent, but did leave something to be desired.6.8 dead brothers out of 10."
,Recommended,241560,30347727,Posted: 5 March,all,Ryantheguy,"Nice cars, bad story.The story is nothing to write home about, but the game looks nice and community is good.Requires uplay btw."
76561198208272596,Recommended,241560,31493511,Posted: 1 May,all,Tyranosaurus Bex,fun
76561197970380545,Recommended,241560,31562112,Posted: 5 May,all,Hovi,"Best arcadey Racing Game I played so far. Wide Open World in form of a mini-USA adequate number of cars and upgrades for the different specs like performance, drift or curcuit. A rather basic story could be counted as a negative but is just a better tutorial I'd say.I bought the additional DLCs in the Uplay store at a discount so there are many hours not counted here for me."
,Not Recommended,241560,24837664,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,My Summer Spider,"Game does not work anymore ,won't launch."
76561198018060188,Recommended,241560,31853440,Posted: 19 May,all,Kilmoar,"Like this game?  Hard to say, but mostly yes.   The game took over a year to come out from when I first paid for it, and immediately it had micro transactions for stuff (cars) you couldn't get unless you bought credits, and then they added cars you could only buy with U.S. $$     I payed $60 for a game and they immediately want me to buy more, that is just wrong.Buying credits or such should be a shortcut, but all players should have access to the content eventually.The open world U.S. is pretty cool, and the vehicle custimization is great."
,Recommended,241560,32015623,Posted: 28 May,all,ShootingChicken,"Played the game for 10 hours now. Although the game is far from perfect its definitely good fun. You can bang your car againt anything, and still win a race with a mashed up ride. The cops will always keep up whatever car you drive in a mission. Driving is also not very realistic also the AI is a bit stupid sometimes.However if you can see past this you get a game with cool graphics, a very large map and a lot of different driving styles (race, drift, offroad etc). I like the game!"
,Recommended,241560,31981064,Posted: 26 May,all,Emrik,The multiplayer doesn't work for me ;(
76561198067562724,Recommended,241560,31968698,Posted: 26 May,all,ThunderWolf,Game: Really Great!Uplay: Really f'ing terrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Game got bound to an old account somehow after an update and I can't play it anymore. I have no idea why publishers need to copy the system Steam pioneered.
,Recommended,241560,32112334,Posted: 1 June,all,DatVyper,"In short: wonky physics, weird (but not game-breaking) bugs and glitches, a decent car list with pretty good customization, decent graphics, and an amazing world.The handling of the cars in The Crew has improved much since release, but is still really weird. However, after a few hours of driving around, one will probably get used to them and can work with them.The glithes mostly consist of cars (especially Dodges) getting launched into the air or stuck in random places (can be fixed by fast travelling), and are mostly more amusing than annoying in my opinion.The car list is not great, but contains decent variation and the customization with different specs for different things is a surprisingly good way of doing car classes.The graphics are nothing amazing but still decent as of right now (may 2017).The game world of the crew (literally the entirity of continental USA shrunk down) is the best I've seen in a racing game so far, and aside from being huge, it's also full of details and hardly ever repetitive or boring. It has great variation in landscapes and is, in my opinion, just a nice place to be.The storyline is one of the best ever in a racing game, E.G. absolutely terrible."
76561198014971284,Recommended,241560,13223413,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Brutalix,"Overall I'd give it 8/10 because early on you really have no clue how the ""world"" will open up and it feels like you're playing solo most of the time. Around lvl 20ish you start being able to join PvP matches (besides the co-op ones you could already have done since the first level of the game with your friends or people around you)Obviously considering this is an arcade type of hybrid MMO racing game playing with a wheel is not recommended. (I had much better experience simply using my Xbox 360 Controller for PC than my G27.Graphically and gameplay is extremely fun and addicting. Can't tell how much longevity it has yet on maximum level yet but it seems you could kinda farm all cars and ""equip"" them with parts if you wanted to. (didn't see any paywalls on buying cars yet besides the season pass ones)Overall I had alot of fun and I recommend buying this if you're looking to have fun on some arcade racing game."
,Recommended,241560,13878832,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,LuciferCGF,Bad♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198046584939,Recommended,241560,32147264,Posted: 3 June,all,Barbaros,I got it I ♥♥♥♥ING Got it!!! and green portal opens
,Not Recommended,241560,17768413,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Solenya,"Fun with Friends, trash if you play aloneP.S it feels like riding a horse cart in Assassin's Creed Syndicate. #Ubisoft"
,Recommended,241560,32155957,Posted: 3 June,all,TSK | SKYFALL,"A game with a really high quality graphic, way more better that forza horizon, although you were only allow play in the map which is the U.S., but you still need a lot of time to discovered the map due to it is open world game and there is a lot of car can let you choose, simply follow the instruction and you can earn a lot of money in the game and buy and mod your car what ever as you like. This game require around or more that 100 hours to finish it, if someone told you that it needed 24 hours only, told them to play again because the usually only buy the season pass but not the all units, remember buy season pass and calling all units DLC.STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,241560,13300687,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Hugh51,"because of some error , i can't even start this freaking game. i left a question about this onsupport.ubi.comsite 4-5 days ago. they didn't even read it yet. ♥♥♥♥ Ubigimme back ma money"
,Not Recommended,241560,19367597,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,i z c r a,worst racing game ever
,Not Recommended,241560,16539810,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Soda | 0w0,"Well... The Crew is one of those games that I wanted so badly to be good... MMO, Racing, full customization, and the entire United States as a map, it's like everything I ever wanted. Untill I launched it and accelerated through water. I guess what I'm saying is I got way over hyped, and was kinda let down. Lol, let down for a hard tuition of 60 dollars, don't pre-order kids."
76561198149065700,Recommended,241560,25844087,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,MashiroQ,i cant star the game at first but after i mange to fix it the game is very good lot of stuff to do
76561198100025944,Recommended,241560,32260757,Posted: 7 June,all,HairyBeast,Highly enjoyable!!
76561198258227668,Recommended,241560,24092286,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Duskyt,"The Crew is an open world racing game, with an amazing story line and a huge detailed map. The car list is perfect. From anything like a 3000HP Drag Camro to a 1000HP Monster Truck, its got you covered. Car upgrading and customization is in depth, with different kits like drag, offroad, and track.This game is unique with car upgrading, you can either do races to unlock parts for free, or you can spend cash to get upgrades. The handling in this game is (for me) THE PERFECT Style. Its right in between arcade and simulation. Overall I would rate this game a 9/10BEWARE - If game does not work you need the activate The Crew on UPLAY"
76561198063107412,Recommended,241560,33885947,Posted: 29 July,all,MAD skipman1,good fun game love it
76561198324159520,Recommended,241560,33910025,Posted: 30 July,all,Xcrazy_sniper,"Now that it has been  fixed quite a bit, the game is worth buying and playing, like everyone else has said it is a new game so expect bugs."
,Recommended,241560,24315063,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,OldRetroGuy,"Well at first I didn't liked it, but now after 20h of playing it this game is fine, but still i don't like fact that you can't get a part for your car, you get it like card, and use that card like part, the thing is cards have level like ""rpg"" games, so you need to have a highest possible lvl card and you get those cards doing things thru game."
,Not Recommended,241560,14743449,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,alice,"This is a Ubisoft game, what else could I say about it?"
76561198126213117,Recommended,241560,34249909,Posted: 14 August,all,Waiting for New Compendium,awesome game
,Recommended,241560,34561465,Posted: 28 August,all,Berbb,Fun and good game!
76561198284497848,Recommended,241560,34476804,Posted: 25 August,all,回忆最棒哒,good gamei love itbutWe need chinesechinese is importantthanks
76561198065261332,Recommended,241560,34530832,Posted: 27 August,all,Kryszt,"online always and luck of realism, damage model, would be he great game without this issiuses. If you like very arcade type of driving and don't mind alwayss online, witch is for me the worst thing. I was impressed with the world size."
,Recommended,241560,34530379,Posted: 27 August,all,rrsamuel99,Awesome racing game with realistic graphics
76561198198847683,Recommended,241560,34541416,Posted: 27 August,all,Lior,"EXCELLENT Game!!   Much Better Version of ""Driver: San Francisco""."
76561198161315903,Not Recommended,241560,34541412,Posted: 27 August,all,Mr.Krosch,Story line sucks!!!! I just wanted to drive with my friends. The first few story line missions are fine then they get silly and stupid. I thought I did not have to do the missions and still have access to the different types of cars
76561198008082396,Not Recommended,241560,34472106,Posted: 24 August,all,Nostrellor/Solafar,"No automatic keymapping for xbox controllers, atleast for me, often options reset on restarting the game, sometimes you cant change controlls at all, i had to restart the game multiple time up until it worked, and the game just isnt good enought for those issues. typical ubisoft problems and i cant support lazyness in game developpement from a such a big company"
76561198268281577,Recommended,241560,34471905,Posted: 24 August,all,TheCanadienCat,always the samejust good for me
,Recommended,241560,34469743,Posted: 24 August,all,Robo,Its has a decent story and its fun to play together with friends.
76561198352171100,Recommended,241560,34473046,Posted: 24 August,all,2000.ats,"Pros:Amazing map. Throughout detailed and extremely large.Decent selection of carsBroad customizationUpgrade system (you actually have to play the game to make your car fast)Decent graphics (I've found that anti aliasing can kill fps if you don't have a ton of VRAM)Best story I've seen in a racing gameI got about 20-25 hours of playing just the storyMost of the glitches (cutscenes in particular) are super fun to mess withCons: (big breath)Graphics can look like crap in some places (crank up that demanding anti aliasing)Most of the cool cars are dlc or extremely expensiveVery hard to get money (I'm talking 1k-2k each race)The physics are really wierd at slow speeds (but they do get better as you start getting into faster cars that can handle the speed)Sometimes the map feels TOO big, like when you have to do a long road trip and it takes you half an hour to an hour at 200 MPH on highway to cross the mapThe physics (yes I'm mentioning them again), while they eventually start to make sense and become intuitive, are EXTREMELY difficult to completely understandConnection issues with multiplayerTHE GAME IS ONLINE ONLY SO IF YOUR PC IS IN A CRAPPY SPOT OF THE HOUSE WHERE THERE IS NO CONNECTION GOOD LUCK PLAYING THIS GAME (fr tho)Overall, I loved the game, even though it has ALOT of quirks. The vast amount of places to visit and things to do really make up for the faults that this game has. The physics can be wonky, but make almost perfect sense in faster cars at high speeds. The only thing that drives me nuts is how hard it is to get money in this game. This is NOT Forza Horizon 3 where they throw money at you constantly, AT ALL. It is hard to get the fast cars because of this but not impossible.So, in short:Physics take a while to masterGame is absolutely massiveDecent length storyDifficult to get moneyBasically, if you've got alot of TIME to play, then get this game. But if you can only hope on every Saturday or something, go find something that doesn't need you in it for the long haul."
,Recommended,241560,34629878,Posted: 31 August,all,r3faZ,"This game is really good. I just bought that because of this first person driving thing and like i expected it is so good. Only thing that i dont like about this game i could never play ""multiplayer"" all the time im driving alone and doin story missions i could never do a ""real"" multiplayer race you cant even do it with your crew however map is so huge and u can have a lots of cars and the feeling about the first person is so good."
,Recommended,241560,34744358,Posted: 4 September,all,JackEC2,Great Game!
76561198321281687,Recommended,241560,34626549,Posted: 30 August,all,rowon420,yep very boring good game just boring i was just in a pale up and the police started there chase well guess what some how the cops just are in the middle of car pale up just to arrest me how boring is this very boring you want a good cop chase just get NEED FOR SPEEDok so the cop chases are cheesey not very much time went into the programing..lets see 1. you cant hide behind a building to get away2. you can be doing 400+mph and still get pulled over while still driving 400+(3)Cop Chases should be ran as a takedown mode only...i understand this is a game but i have never in my life seen a cop get on his car at 150+ in real life and give out tickets so yea that♥♥♥♥♥♥is cheesey as all hell
,Recommended,241560,34753622,Posted: 5 September,all,Allveen,"Probably not the best open-world racing out there, but I still enjoy this very much and considering to buy the 2nd one later next year."
76561198105401957,Recommended,241560,34649062,Posted: 31 August,all,Meanmuggin85,I love this game. The customization and control of the vehicles is rediculous. So much fun!
76561198287013613,Recommended,241560,34651719,Posted: 31 August,all,Gollum,"amazing game up until you are against a police player with a faster car... they pull you over just by being within proximity, they dont even have to touch you. it's enough to make me rage quit and not too many games have done that for me."
,Recommended,241560,33885866,Posted: 29 July,all,Frogster,"I played through the story missions by now, while also doing side missions, customizing my cars etc. and i can easily say that this game is worth the 12eur i paid for it on sale. 30euros though... Hmm i don't know.If you are looking for a solid car game with a slightly arcadey feel, a huge map, car customization and nice graphics this is something for you.Pros:- Nice graphics- Ran nice and smooth on GTX 970- Nice controls (controller recommended)- 30+ hours story missions- 30+ hours worth of side quests and pvp missions etc.- Loads of customization for cars- The ability to tune your favorite car into an offroad beast or circut racer etc.- A nice variety of cars in the base game (I have not bought any of the DLC as of writing this)- Huge map with loads of different terrains and big areas to explore and have fun with your friends in.Cons:- Uplay... obviously- Had a few crashes here and there, but rare.- I wasn't personally annoyed by this but the game is always online with other players.- Too many DLCs- Little bit expensive if not on sale- Soundtrack not quite big enough. After playing a for a few hours you begin to hear the same songs again.In summary i definately think that this game is a solid racing game for those who would like a pretty, nicely controlled racing game with loads of car customization and a huge map.I give the base game with no DLC a 7,5/10"
,Recommended,241560,34595132,Posted: 29 August,all,Litz,"I mean where do I start? This is a great game, one of the best games I have ever played. I love cars, therefor I love racing games. But this is more than just a racin game. Besides the laggy Ubisoft servers and the maintenances everyweek, the game play is great. There are many things in this game that I dreamed of racing games having, for example: the huge map; the huge car list, and the huge amounts of customization. Don't get me wrong, I don't only like the HUGE things in this game. The story is one of the best in racing games if not the best. The online pvp is also avlivable so you can keep on playing this when you complete the story mode.  I got the Ultimate Edition when it was on sale for about $15, but I think all you need is the base game and calling all units. I got this game about 2 weeks agoand I already have around 65 hours. Overall a great game for play who love cars and driving around. Can't wait for The Crew 2."
,Recommended,241560,25718569,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,CrC,.
76561198064454588,Not Recommended,241560,33318717,Posted: 6 July,all,Brohammed,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198329428400,Recommended,241560,35107359,Posted: 21 September,all,orangeblack,"have a nice gameplay,but need fix for handling all vehicle"
,Recommended,241560,35109994,Posted: 21 September,all,Apster,"Ive been playing this game for quite a while now. And this is a game is acctualy pretty good. There's some down sides but which game dosent have that? I mean look at the map. The map is just so beatiful, and big. The only thing that is disturbing is the car sounds, they dont sound realistic at all. But otherwise this is a really good game that you can just spend some time on. Maybe drive around the whole map with some friends or just play solo and chill around"
,Not Recommended,241560,14214693,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,H.C.Q,Pubysoft/ubisoft broke your dreams about a cool racing game again...
,Recommended,241560,35346164,Posted: 30 September,all,[IIB]Toothless/Eddie/Kuku,"""I have got to say,after playing over 200 hours and driving pretty much the same route after I completed the storyline over..68 times. I love playing this game,it is a VERY relaxing cruising game if you don't focus much on doing PVP. All the car's have there own feels(For better or worse).However,while this game is pretty much the only relaxing driving sim I have played,it does have it's fault's. Mainly the 'Randomly Generated Traffic' After I do my cruise from Detroit to Las Vegas everyday the traffic is pretty much the only thing that is a heavy irritant next to the random Police Watch encounters which should honestly be optional in the Game Option menu during Free Drive as they can get in the way in challenges as well and in quite a rude fashion.Other then that annoying issue over-all the game is quite relaxing to play, the community can be great (Once in awhile you get a♥♥♥♥♥♥hitting you constantly only happended 11 times over 200 hours) if your looking for a relaxing drive, this is a great experience,the story is meh but that's not what driving games are really about, over-all a must get."""
,Not Recommended,241560,26519339,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,< blank >,"i gave this game one chance and two chances and even three, but its just HORRIBLE .. Physics BAD, Collisions BAD, Cops AWFUL, Map is just 80% empty, Quests are meh, repititive and stupid, and they name it ""The Crew"" and u won't even join a crew, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Company"
76561197999474699,Not Recommended,241560,35068663,Posted: 19 September,all,poisonnuke,"What is positive about the game: it is an extremly large map, extremly detailed and diverse. It makes fun to drive through it alone for houres.but what I really hate about the game are the car physics. The police is MASSIVLY overpowered, they are solid like tanks, accelerate faster than the fastest dragster, can make a U-Turn at 200mph, drive through trees, spot you even inside a tunnel from above and fly over roughes surfaces where even a monster truck has problems.And on the other side, you can play the cops as well, but you aint have any of these powers, so it is nearly impossible to catch anyone, despite having luck that the other guy crashes in a corner, where you can pin him down.another thing that is really nagging: the cars are wonderful detailed and close to reality. But only the full-stock version. But you cant to anything with the full-stocks, you need the ""tuned"" version, but there are only a couple of classes like street, perf and circuit for example. Inside these tuned classes, a Koenigsegg Agera R is slower than a Mini Cooper S. Thats ridiculous. So there is nothing special about the cars after theyre tuned.And if you want to drive all cars, it takes you hundreds, if not thousands of hours of ingame playtime, because you need a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of money and then after buying the cars, earn all upgrades for each tuned version.And another thing is really nagging: the game is 100% online... and ubisoft is not able to provide stable servers. Prepare for a couple of offline times per week.If these things are no problem for you, the game can make a lot of fun for a while.I have changed my rating to ""do not recommend"". This is because if increasing problems with stability of game and server. The community is decreasing, most of the time you dont find crew members to drive against police.And after hundreds of crate offenses, the police is really a major paint in the a... every time it is EXACTLY the same. The start immediately behind you, have at least 2 times the grip level then you, can drive at least 2 times faster under every condition (like 300kph with circuit spec on offroad, or in bends), have infinity amount of brake power (but if they stick to your back, your brakes render absolutly useless), the chopper can fly like 500 kph, staying in front of you every time, and its lights are blending every one in the party (which is impossible).But there are a lot of other impossibilites the police can do (like stealing your NoS, which is per real definition not possible).And Ive crashed into uncountable invisible walls, which destroyed my car and getting me busted.Why the hell is it impossible, to disable voice chat. Every option from earlier versions is removed, so you have no choice but to disconnect your mic if you want to spare other player from your personal thoughts.There are a lot more things, making the game unrewarding. I didnt felt any sort of enjoyment in the last days, but only anger. Toooooo many obstacles in the game to have at least some fun."
,Recommended,241560,28560179,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Konno Yuuki ♥,"After i bought my new PC i finally started to play The Crew and love it since it got first released, this game really needs good cpu to handle so get something good because it might be good at highways but at city you can see fps drops to not have that you need a good cpu but do i recommend it? yes and about story, it was good imo"
76561198400168835,Recommended,241560,35499970,Posted: 5 October,all,angusgthegreat,"honestly when my friend made me get it i tihought it would be bad, now, i think it is the best game ever!!"
