user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198050843301,Recommended,241620,12218265,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Ethuriel,"Inquisitor, a dark medieval role-playing indie game that had been in development for 13 years before its official release. Therefore, you can expect to find the traditional indie RPG stuff with slightly better graphics (since the developers had time to improve them).Let's start off with character creation. You can choose among 3 main characters: the Paladin, the Priest and the Thief. Each one has his own unique story despite the huge amount of customization in attributes and skills you have. Now, about physical appearance you can't change much. You are presented with 4 faces (or portraits) for each character and you can't neither change facial features nor the character's body details. Despite this fact, you'll realize that the absence of these possible changes won't even be noticed. You won't even be able to tell how the face of the characters look like and since every single item that you equip on your character is shown as you play, you can't tell if he has large shoulders, hairy legs or if he lacks a finger.Still in character creation, as I mentioned, you'll choose to use skill points and attribute points. But that's not it! There are 7 books of magic in total and depending on the character you choose, you can pick some of those schools of magic. There are 4 permitted schools of magic and 3 forbidden ones. I won't get in much detail here so you can explore this for yourself. You can, of course, choose your character's name and you're ready to go!Inquisitor will take you to a fictional God's Kingdom on Earth and you're sent to Hillbrandt to investigate something for the Holy Mother Church. The way you do it is completly up to you. You can be a neutral investigator, you can follow every single God's rule during the Inquisition and you can even be an evil guy probably just looking forward to torturing innocent people for his own amusement. Yes, there's torture in this game! There are 4 torturing devices you can choose to use during the game, you can use all of them on the same person if you wish. But if you want to keep your allignement on the Good side, be sure that the culprit hasn't given you the information you want and that he's not innocent, otherwise you'll be hated even by your superiors.This game is divided in 3 fantastic acts and it has a very deep story that will immerse you pretty easily. Now, the concept of story telling is based on dialog that you'll have to read. And trust me, you DO NEED to read everything! If you're expecting a game where you'll have shiny things to tell you that's where you need to go or that's what you need to find; if you're expecting colourful arrows on the ground or even someone telling you exactly where you need to go, then be advised, this game is not for you even if you like reading a lot. You'll be lost most of the times, not knowing where to go, so one thing you can do is explore the areas and dungeons hoping to find what you want.There lots of quests for you to complete and those quests are so well connected that the world feels really alive. You'll have main story-line quests and, of course, side-quests to complete. There are tons of dungeons and many areas, lots of monsters that keep respawning from time to time and heretics!The game is expected to last 150 hours or so to finish but it'll take you much longer than that, since you' re the one who has to do all the thinking about where to go or what to do in spite of having an in-game journal to help you slightly.Graphically speaking, the world is beautiful despite all the evil and Hell spawns you'll fight. The areas are so detailed that sometimes I felt like just sitting back and enjoying the view. The artwork of the dungeons is gothic-like and it isn't like anything I've ever seen.The music is phenomenal and very well adapted to the areas you're in. The sound in general feels very realistic and the quality is so good that you feel like there really are flies orbiting your head!The combat mechanics though are pretty standard and straight forward. There's nothing new to it. You have melee weapons of different types, ranged weapons, shields and throwing daggers/axes, lots of magic seals to use and spells from the various schools of magic you can learn. There's also the brewing skill for you to master if you're into that kind of stuff. If not, just buy the potions from the village merchants and you're good to go. You can learn the smithing skill to and many utility ones you'll find for yourself.Now one thing that I both loved and hated was the difficulty level of Inquisitor. The game is insanely difficult, specially in combat! And that's fine, we all like some great challenges once in a while. But the most annoying thing for me was the dungeon difficulties. Those places sometimes are huge and they're filled with monters you've never dreamed about and despite that the ""boss"" monters can kill your whole party with a single spell and you don't have any time to react at all! Imagine one of those ""big bosses"" surrounded by 5 of the most difficult monsters of that dungeon....Yeah, exactly, pretty impossible. So, in that regard, I feel like sometimes the difficulty level of the game is unnecessary.So, my personal rating for Inquisitor is 8/10! It is indeed the best of its genre in my opinion and the only big downside I can find is the insane difficulty that sometimes is just too much to bear. Even though the character creation is not special, it is pretty acceptable and it doesn't even influence anything at all (speaking of character appearence, of course).Now, go to the Realm of Inquisitor and uphold the laws of God in His Kingdom on Earth as you see fit! The heretics must be stopped otherwise the Holy Mother Church will and that can never happen!Reviewer's note: when you level up, just press C already (character menu) and if you want to pick items up, press Alt, so you can see them easily by reading their names."
,Recommended,241620,14196710,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,kaqqao,"Reporting a successful completion. It took me mind-boggling 141 hour, longer than any game so far. The ride has been excruciating at times, but mostly fun and oh-so-exciting! I thoroughly enjoyed the dark and gritty atmosphere, uncompromising and flagrant with its blood-chilling displays of human decadence. I love how rough the game is, with no immersion-breaking silliness like quest compass and highlighted levers, common to many modern ""streamlined"" titles. Instead, this game targets the no-nonsense old-school player that does not expect to be spoon-fed. And it is glorious.The general sense of paranoia and imminent doom permeate at all times, and feel rather genuine. This is something few titles can be proud of. The writing is top-notch, the look and feel befitting, the difficulty finally done right. The setting and system are  original, so you'll see no fireball spells, Dwarfs, Elves and other utterly overused and abused tropes.On the other hand, numerous problems exist, spearheaded by the occasionally unpleasant amount of filler-content. Additionally, there is a visible lack of progression in rewards - items you get in the first Act are the best in the game. It doesn't help that items are randomly spec'd making them feel ultimately unimaginative and underwhelming. There is also a visible lack of low-level crowd-control spells and tactics, which is a serious hindrance in a game constantly exposing the player to fights against hordes of enemies. This makes kiting the only applicable tactic sometimes rendering the fights slow and boring.** IMPORTANT **It is relevant to know that playing a priest makes the experience better as priests require the least amount of stamina and are not as dependent on weapons, so backtracking to towns and stockpiling potions are not as big issues as with other classes. If you (loosely) follow this guide, your character is guaranteed to be a powerhouse:https://www.gog.com/forum/inquisitor/how_to_build_a_priest_in_hard_modeStill, when all is settled, the game was a very solid experience for me that I wholeheartedly recommend. It is obviously a labor of love and deserves your attention."
76561198029186921,Recommended,241620,9781982,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,commy99uk,"Positives+ Complex and engaging storyline. Well constructed plot with lots of twists and turns.+ A stiff challenge, without being impossible. There is always eventually a way to progress from even the toughest situation.+ Somewhat addictive. Despite the awkward controls and combat, I couldn't help but keep coming back to the game.+ The negative effects system on the player character was a nice touch. For example, suffering from blindness would make the mouse cursor disappear, or confusion would reverse the mouse controls.+ Very much enjoyed the trial system of collecting evidence in order to put a suspect on trial. The torture system is also very creative and interesting (as well as being sadistically realistic!)Negatives- Bugged beyond belief! So many irritating bugs, some of which will crash to desktop or require and emergency exit. Save regularly.- Numerous spelling and grammatical mistakes. Some sections have not translated into Englsih well at all.- Awkward combat system. Some of the combat skills don't appear to work (or have so little effect as to make them not worthwhile investing in), item damage is somewhat inconsistent and unrealistic and many encounters felt like just a health and stamina potion loading exercise to survive.- Was not keen on the randomised stat attributes on weapons and armour, which can result in the player spending hours cycling through merchant stocks until they chance upon their desired item. There is no levelling to this process, so as soon as you are able to wield/wear the item, you could effectively receive the most powerful of its type which would last you through to the end of the game. The randomisation can make powerful , unique items that you receive as late game quest rewards significantly less useful than an item you picked up in the first act.OverallDespite all my gripes, I have to recommend the game, as I have enjoyed playing it very much. It hooked me in and the storyline was particularly engrossing. However, I constantly find myself thinking up ways in which the game could have been done better - there are so many things that weren’t quite taken advantage of. I'm hoping that a sequel is on the cards, as with a little polishing and ironing out of some issues, there is potential for a real quality game here."
,Recommended,241620,7856692,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Koyla Poyla,"I've only finished the first act so far, but that already has taken me nearly 20 hours to get through and the amount of reading and the depth of this game are fantastic. I definitely look forward to playing the rest of this game and would recommend it to any fan of neo-retro video games or serious role-playing game fans."
,Recommended,241620,17792250,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,hodie,"Hardcore. Not for those with short attention spans, no time, weak willed or the illiterate. The amount of text and pace of the game might rankle some but persist and you'll find yourself enjoying a very well written and awesomely atmospheric iso RPG that while unforgiving means you feel genuine satisfaction when progressing the storyline or clearing an area of enemies."
76561197968514473,Recommended,241620,14637115,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Meat-King©®,"“The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.”Inquisitor is a classic role-playing game experience that stands out from the usual RPG genre, because it does not hold your hand in any way. The storyline and most quests in this game provide only a few clues how to solve them. It will be up to you to collect all the information from the locals and connect the dots, until you have a clear picture of the situation.The characters you meet alongside your journey will test your integrity, righteousness and moral standards. And on several occasions you will find yourself in the position, in your role as an Inquisitor, where you have to decide between the right way and the just way.The strong role-playing aspects of each of the three classes in combination with the religious & mystical elements create an authentic medieval atmosphere, including fantasy creatures in form of demons and other hellspawns. What this game lacks in graphics it gains twofold in detailed descriptions of events and NPCs throughout the game.While it provides the classic hack & slash features, the combat is pretty simple and straight forward with little tactical depth. No voice acting, an inferior inventory system (e.g. no potion stacking) and the partially unbalanced combat mechanics should be mentioned as further disadvantages of this classic RPG.Overall, if you are willing to get over the initial hurdles of an antiquated graphical presentation and some inconsistencies during combat, there is a very deep and enjoyable game with a wealth of content available for you. And there is something rather refreshing about being an Inquisitor that is not the good Samaritan.Achievements:The game has no Steam achievements."
76561198187966639,Recommended,241620,31423306,Posted: 28 April,all,strangecat,"They do not make games like this!  Not even games for Commodor 64, Amiga, IBM 486, nope back then nothing was like this.It's Insane!The game is huge with a detailed world and amazing Characters and quests.The story is Mature and very well written and thought out.Who do you trust?  Is what you will be asking yourself as you play this game.Game is an role playing game but it's an action role playing game with some pretty strange mechanics.Do I recommend this game?  Yes it's beautiful and very deep but you have to know about how it plays.You rely on potions to constantly replenish your health, stamina, and mana.I played as a Paladin and let me tell you this is one hard game.  My time is 200 some hours after beating it.At the very end I had to end up cheating to create potions as there just wasn't enough to beat the main bosses.The game will make you grind to gain levels to beat a spot.  The enemies will attack you as fast as possible with hardest attacks.This isn't the first Diablo Monsters will attack so fast so hard there is little you can do but use Potions to survive.If you play use seals to beat back ghosts etc.   Use Bows to beat back priests etc.My companions in the later part of the game ended up being pretty pathetic to me and I consider that to be a lost effort.  There was so much that could have been done with party members.This was a pretty amazing Game.  As I said they don't make games like this!The music fit but I think it could have done with some more tracks.  A few pieces stood out more then others.  The music did fit the mood and create a nice ambiance for the world and places.I would recommend people just cheating then going through the game just to experience the world and story.Perhaps if you play as an Inquisitor the game is more balanced.Well Great StoryGreat CharactersAmazing Questsreally questional game mechanics."
76561197995253696,Not Recommended,241620,25694138,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Kikbak,"Just completed the game and I'm not sure if I would ever play it again.  Inquisitor really shines with its '90s CRPG nostalgia goodness, but delivers a frustrating experience in certain key areas.  For TLDR, skip to section below for Final Judgement.The Blessings- Dark and mature storyline.  There aren't any jump-scares of course but some of the things the antagonists do/say can really give you the creeps.- Background and lore.  There is a nicely developed history to this world that unfolds throughout the gameplay.  It is sufficient to add a nice bit of depth and urgency to the current situation you are trying to resolve.- Item descriptions - Wow.  Someone really likes detail, especially with the descriptions on the weapons and armor.  Who knew there are specific differences between various knives such as dagger, kris, stilletto, dirk, etc. just for example.- The MUSIC - oh man!  This was great stuff and really added to the ambiance of the game.  Somber tunes - nothing frilly as this is a world on the brink of destruction and that seems to be weighing heavily on the citizens.  ""Buy some Steam games people and let your worries pass you by!""- Secret caches are everywhere which provide nice little bonuses to add to your gold and inventory.  Most are just potions and maybe a couple of items while others have armors and even some nice weapons.- Magic Seals/Symbols can be used in place of spells.  These are mainly attack spells with an elemental aspect - fire, ice, electricity, etc.  Some just shoot out a single projectile while others are able to hit multiple enemies.- Lots of skills - I was able to tailor my character to my play style- Party members have likes/dislikes.  You may have to choose between 2 or more party members since one could be threatening to leave.  ""It's the end of the world people!  Can't we just get along?""- A nice, deep magic system with several schools and multiple spells for each school.- Very nicely detailed graphics.  Paintings, mosaics, and stained glass windows all look very cool to me.The Carnal Annoyances- Sound may not match what you see on screen.  For example, when you enter a tavern it sounds like it is full of patrons but there are like one or two NPCs- Clicking on team members accidentally during fights brings up a dialogue box to ask the person to leave the party.  Just annoying.- Very limited hotbar slots (just 10) and three of these really should be reserved for drinking the three main potions- Equipment in shops really does not improve as you get to higher level towns.- Shops provide all services such as repair and identification.  I suppose the old wise woman who sells potions also subcontracts out to fix my full plate armor?- No strategy to torturing would-be suspects and the device chosen is just up to the player.  Why not have certain suspects more susceptible to the rack or iron maiden?  Actually, the more I think about this, the more disturbed I get, so moving on . . .- Some animations do not seem to be as developed as others.  Fighting animations were wooden.The Deadly SinsOh where to begin?  So many!  And this game could have been a classic!  I just have to scratch my head on some of the decisions that went into these.- Your character will need to go through a withdrawal program at the end of the game due to all the poitions consumed (health, magic, and stamina).  Some fights can be won not through strategy, equipment, or skill but simply through spamming those potions.  And be prepared to dedicate at least the majority of your inventory to carrying around hundreds of those things.  I mean, really, the mobs likely hear you coming from a mile away due to all the klinking glass.- Story, while deep and well-written, gets very confusing and muddled.  The in-game quest journal has multiple sections and isn't helpful at times to figure out what to do next.- Questing can be quite frustrating.  I grew up on these games so am used to not having huge glowing markers throughout the game to point out who to talk to or where to go next.  But seriously, there needs to be a balance between the challenge of the quest and providing sufficient information to the player so they understand what to do.  A perfect example is that the developers added a hint to one of the loading screens as to how to kill one of the vampire bosses after a trend in feedback from players.  This type of info should be included in the actual game.  As well written as the game is, this oversight is surprising.- Related to the item above, it can be confusing on how to advance the story.  I know person X is guilty, but I can't unlock the dialogue to arrest him until I speak with person Y who I spoke with previously but now because of event Z is ready to spill the beans on all the nastiness from person X.  This leads to wandering around speaking with many prior NPCs or a trip to the forums.- Bugs!! - I experienced four main types of bugs in the game: 1) Red blobs appear over inventory, map, or hotbar.  Can play a short bit until game CTDs, 2) Game CTDs immediately due to Inquisitor.exe error 3) Corrupted save game slots which required a manual deletion of the corrupted file and then re-load of a previous saved game (lost progress - boo) 4) After fight with boss Cerdie my NPC companion kept dying every fifteen seconds or so.  He had no negative effects on him according to the game, but I would res him, we would walk along, and then he'd die again.  Apparently this is a known issue with this boss and luckily only impacted my companion rather than my own character.  I just proceeded without that companion (may he rest in peace).- Certain mobs can PERMANENTLY reduce your character's stats.  I once lost several points in strength to a sub-boss.  Some may think that this is part of the game and move on, but I personally do not agree with losing that many points when you only get a few to spend every level-up.  I re-loaded that session.- Negative effects (poison, insanity, slowness,etc.) are all too frequently applied to your character and can last up to about 2 minutes in real time.  When affected by one of these in dungeons, I would often just stop walking around until the effect wore off.- EVERYTHING seems to be trapped - chests, doors.  This makes lock-picking an almost crucial skill to have or you can get killed by just opening a door.  This happened several times until I was able to get my skill high enough.Final JudgementIt really pains me to do this, but for the areas where I truly enjoyed this game, it is overwhelmed by the negative aspects and I am giving thumbs down.  Inquisitor truly deserves its currently mixed rating.  It would be great if at some point, someone modded this thing to be what it truly could be.  If the developers came out with a sequel, and applied improvements based on player feedback, then I would certainly be very interested in that product.  I am giving it the ol' thumbs down based on how I would/would not recommend to a friend.  However, if you enjoy '90s CRPGs in this 3/4 view format that do not hold your hand and are nicely written, then maybe give this one a try.  Just don't expect a Baldur's Gate or Planescape Torment."
,Not Recommended,241620,7946323,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,wstd,"Inquisitor is a great idea. Poorly executed. Don't get me wrong, I'm playing the game, I'm almost a dozen hours in and it's somewhat challenging, however the mechanics are poorly designed. Here's an example: you don't need the identify skill because you can cast a spell that identifies everything in your inventory. You must swap out spells from your quickslots(of which there just aren't enough) mid battle, which can be pretty annoying and can get you killed quite easily. For a game the devs spent 7+ years on(they say 2 or 3 of translations I think) they really didn't do very well. This game deserves its metascore, but you really can't go wrong for 10 USD, it's still fairly fun. It's just very gimmicky and like I said, the mechanics suck at higher levels."
76561198036494887,Recommended,241620,20771666,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,gabrielgarcezabreu,"Awesome game, unless you don´t like to read, let´s make it clear from the start.It´s a game for you if you really like RPGs, and by that I mean, playing a role in an amazing story, with complex characters, motive, and storyline in general.Dialog takes time, there´s a lot to ask, and all NPCs have distinct personalities, opinions, and clues (except for those labeled with generic names, like soldier), and it really sets the dark mood of the inquisition times. Everyone is afraid of ending up a suspect of heresy, and they are all more then willing to spread rumors about their neighbours.It´s set in the middle ages, and you play as a menber of the holy inquisition (at least playing as a priest, there are 3 classes, priest, paladin and thief, so I assume they have different backgrounds), but in the game there´s magic and monsters.There are 6 different scholls of magic to choose from, and many skills. All of wich you can upgrade as you level up, along with your attributes. One of my favorite parts in an RPG is the character creation, and this game does a good job at that, you can see there´s replayability in a game when you go through it wondering how it would be like playing a different class, and that sure happens here. For instance, everyone calls me father, and I get to paternalize everyone, or even offer to hear confessions, stuff like that. I wonder how is it like as a thief, it´s bound to be very different, the dialogs at least, and that´s the real core of the game, dialog. Imagine an awesome book, where you get to play as the main char, this is not actually labeled as a visual novel, but from a certain point of view it could be.combat and graphics are simple, but that´s not what matters in this game, would you judge a book by it´s graphics?It´s a masterpiece.One complain though, theres a nice soundtrack but it´s sporadic, sometimes I´m reading a dialog for 15 minutes and there´s no background music playing at all, then it starts for a while, then stops again. what´s up with that?"
,Recommended,241620,18954757,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DoorMatte,"This game isn't for the casual player. It's a hardcore RPG that you have to put time into in order to get into it, as I have found out. It's similar to Morrowind in the fact that it gives you next to no direction, so you have to find stuff out for yourself. I personally think it's awesome, it's got an in depth story that reeks adventure and the chatacters are all well developed too. At first you may think the graphics are utter crap, but they really do fit in with the feel of the game.As I said, the casual player beware, as this game isn't for the feint hearted."
,Recommended,241620,7405432,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,jrtlaktalk,"Inquisitor provides one of those rare experiences of satisfaction and achievement in gaming.  It doesn’t hold your hand, it doesn’t overcompensate for impatience, and it is not a title a small child will be successful in.  What it does have is brilliant atmosphere, an engrossing story, intricate plots and intrigue and requires you to really think about what your next move should be.  The obvious time and effort the developers put into the title completely makes you forgive them for the often frustrating combat mechanics and steep learning curve.  Inquisitor is the Dark Souls of isometric RPGs."
76561198046510514,Recommended,241620,21488961,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,PaPaStwish,"I took a long look at some of the negative reviews and if you have read those there are some things you should consider. First off there is quite the learning curve to this game so if somone has less than 40 hours played I wouldn't trust their positive or negative review.When I first got this game I spent about 20 hours starting, then stopping, then picking it up again. I restarted several times (an ARP curse of mine) finally, nearly, beating the first act with the thieft on hard difficulty. I reformatted my computer shortly after, lost my save file and hadn't played the game in almost a year. About two weeks ago I started a paladin on Normal difficulty and am about half way through the second act and going strong.This game presents one of the most mysterious, yet compelling stories out of any game I've ever played. This is its biggest pro in my opinion. Once understood and givin proper time, the combat is okay. Not great, but not bad. I'll give a list of pro's and con's:Pros:-Story is deep, mysterious and as you uncover more secrets extremely rewarding.-Well written and well thought out.-Unique Spells that serve you in interesting ways.-Unique and well written music.-If you actually read the novel length dialogue, characters are MOSTLY interesting.Cons:-Loot system is on the con side of things. Pretty generic and seems, so far, that there are things to look for and things to ignore.-If they are going to leave the potion system the way it is, please, just please, let me stack them.-Duribility on gear is poorly designed and should be revisited imo.-Buggy. Nothing game breaking but enough to force you to save and restart the game a few times during a session.Conclusion:If your looking for a unique story, good music, and decent gameplay arpg give this a shot. If you can be patient through the learning curve you'll be happy you gave this game a shot. It offers many hours of gameplay. I would guess im about half way through (could be off there) and I'm about 45 hours in. 7/10."
76561198078044782,Recommended,241620,29633540,Posted: 1 February,all,neoZatoichi,"I just can't understand people saying this is not a good game. From what I've seen in about 50 hours of gameplay time, this game is a hidden masterpiece. More than that, this is the number one most underrated game of all the underrated games I know, and I know many of them.You're an inquisitor, and not just in name. You have a job of actually burning people at the stake in a world of spiritual and moral decadence, in a time when scourges are falling from the sky and demons are materializing in the real world. In this game, you can go with the tide and act badly just for your own sake, burning people for political reasons, in order to rise in power and position. Or you could try and do your job with good will, trying to find the real sinners and servants of demons and bring them to sacred justice. You have the freedom do decide. But if you decide to do good, you better be prepared to put in the work and do the side quests, because by doing them you'll find the clues you need for your holy job.At first, you won't do them for clues, though, you'll just be trying to help people in their misery and trying to free the land from the evils that plague it. But, as you progress, you'll realize that all the evil is somewhat related to the bad people you're looking for, and you'll start to find out who they really are. That's really cool, because you have a good reason to do all the side quests besides completionism alone. You'll be doing an actual investigative work in order to prosecute the bad guys. If you want that, that is. Like I said, you could become a servant of evil yourself, if you want, for personal profit.A lot of work surely was put into the development of this game. More than five thousand pages of dialogue, which you should read and pay attention to. The dialogue will provide more information for your investigations, so you better take note of what you read, a whole lot of notes, mind you. The quests are cool and the atmosphere does a good work of representing the depressing state of affairs taking place in the world you're in.I can't understand why this game didn't get more attention from cRPG lovers. It's highly interesting, well polished, and unique."
76561198060593306,Recommended,241620,8317826,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tickle Pants,"Inquisitor is a stange game. Aestheticallyit is not particularly pleasing, considering we have titles like Diablo III, Tochlight, Torchlight 2, Grim dawn, Titan quest etc.  Visually speaking this is comparable to Diablo I and II and even then that may be a stretch. This game contains insuferable amounts of lore, text after text of information that honestly most of us could do without. However, It wins on it's story and the intrigue the story brings. The amount of  control you have over how to manage your charecter is nice. The ability to customize stats and skills is refreshing when playing an on rails AARPG like Diablo III.I would recomend this for those of you who are not scared of hard games with a steep learning curve. Graphics are also a downfall so don't expect it to look pretty. The story (if you love story driven games) Is fantastic and is its primary selling point.Ticklepants"
76561198004142785,Recommended,241620,19409028,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Banerik,"Expertly written with classic, challenging isometric gameplay (which, admittedly, suffers from the limitations of its stylistic predecessors), Inquisitor is an excellent roleplaying experience. And, when I say challenging, I mean, very challenging (maybe I missed some essential way to make combat easy), but very rewarding."
76561198067347091,Recommended,241620,13009553,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,The Grand Inquisitor,"Inquisitor is a great old-school RPG game for those who wish to step in the boots of an medieval inquisitor solving crimes against God and King. The game is a little tough from the begining since you don't have many good items or money, but that can be quickly solved. The game has many maps with a nice number of dungeons crawling with enemies waiting to be hacked to pieces. The story of the game is long, exciting, full of twists and turns and can really suck you in. The quests may be a little hard since you practically have to do everything from scratch (You start from zero just like a real detective investigator) but when you solve them they give you all the more pleasure for doing so. The combat system is simple to understand, hard to master and unfortunally a little buggy and unbalanced but that shouldn't be a problem. I would recommend this game to every true RPG player.In short:+ Storyline+ World+ Variety of texts, weapons, armor & spells- Combat system- Difficult quests (but this is the charm of the game, should be under +)"
76561198023899327,Not Recommended,241620,7879900,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,knowthyself2,"Drink all the potions, run away to slowly making it to the edge of the map where you can fast travel (seriously, leaving a dungeon midraid is such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥, so you can buy more potions while unloading all the useless crap you picked up, so you can go back into the dungeon to drink more potions while braving hordes of orcs.Oh, and don't forget to repair your equipment.  Just one more tedious aspect of this game.  The whole inquisition/investigation thing is interesting, but the automap and quest log aren't very clear about where things are.  This makes for a lot of aimless wandering, looking to see if you missed an NPC.  I also recommend knowing how to pick locks, because bashing open a chest or a door takes forever: your character frequently misses (it's a door, how can you miss it?) and does little damage.Also, once you turn down a quest you can't take it back up again.  So if you're a roleplayer, and you turned down a quest because you didn't think your character would care that some dude's wife is missing, you won't be able to start investigating her once it appears the missing woman is actually at the center of a sinister conspiracy.If you liked Diablo, you may enjoy this game.  But it's not that great."
76561198047887365,Recommended,241620,7786238,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,dybonek,"Best of cRPG game in decade. One of best games I have ever played. This game has a soul. I recomend any RPG fan who like  good plot ,setting , music and very dynamical combat system . I hope that will be sequel soon."
,Not Recommended,241620,8395263,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Major_Minion,"The lore of this game is immense. I wish I could brag about being a big, bad hardcore RPG'er who savored every bit of it, but it overwhelmed me and I wound up zooming through it, hoping that it contained no vital information. Every inhabitant of the doomed little village you start out in has loads to tell you. Loads! If you try the game, please do the developer justice and listen to it, so that I can rest my guilt over this. I'm an ungrateful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, because the creators of this game have really put in an effort here.The graphics have a dated feel and I could live with that. My biggest gripe is that the character moves very slowly across the screen. He's a snail. And the battles are way too hard in the beginning, which makes it frustrating to get to know the game. It should not affect how I judge this game, but I'm a pitiful gamer who prefers having an illusion of challenge and feel good about myself when I steamroll over it. Please shoot me."
,Recommended,241620,13778034,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,HPLoveshack,"Polarizing? Absolutely. Its a game with a 90 degree learning curve, antiquated systems, and a glacial game speed. Though, I find myself absolutely drawn to it. Before I bought the collectors edition on release date, I heard nothing but bad news about this game. Unplayable, they said. Arcane, it said... yet I still bit the bullet and bought it.It isn't streamlined, minor tasks are difficult, and you will find yourself save scumming. It took me forever to get through the inital quest, but something kept me playing. I realized it was the story. An interesting world, fascinating systems, and a dark grim world that is a joy to explore. Add in detective elements as you play the titular inquisitor, and you have yourself something not quite polished, but unique and fascinating. If you can brave the lackluster gameplay, you'll find yourself drawn to the dark world surrounding it.That being said, 10 dollars is a lot to ask, wait for a discount."
,Recommended,241620,14938767,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,LoveJesusHateTheGovernment,"Wow, I just finished this game after almost 200 hours of gameplay, (197 to be exact). The game does not necessarily take that long to complete but I really enjoyed it and wanted to explore every dungeon, kill every enemy, read every detail of the story and lore of the world, and complete every side quest. Honestly, it could probably be completed in 140 to 150 hours.  This very involved, isometric, action RPG offers a lot for your money and has a very engaging story. It takes place in a fictitious continent strongly modeled after medieval Europe, with a theological system loosely based on Roman Catholicism. The name of Jesus is changed to “The First Prophet,” but there are crosses and crucifixes decorated throughout the game.Without giving away any of the story, you are a paladin, priest,  or thief, (your choice) who is asked by emissaries of the Holy Mother Church to investigate a gruesome murder in the northern territory of Hillbrant. From that starting point, you are drawn deeper into a dark, heretical plot that goes all the way to the capital itself. An evil centuries old plot is underway that involves black masses and demon resurrections. Heretics are planning to summon Satan’s four chief demons into the world who in turn plan to reek chaos as well as having other intentions that I won’t give away. The story, while quite graphic at times, dealing with such issues as♥♥♥♥♥♥ necrophilia, Satan worship, torture, ect., is incredibly engaging and gradually unfolds and reveals itself to the player over the course of three acts, spanning three areas of the continent. Each of the three acts is nicely balanced between combat and story.In the story part of the game, you act as an inquisitor for the Holy Mother Church and you need to talk to everyone in order to gather clues so you can determine who the heretics are. Once you gather enough evidence, you can extract confession by means of torture and then burn them at the stake. The combat system is, in my opinion, the weakest part of this game. It is quite clunky and initially, (until your character builds some dexterity) will result in the majority of your strikes missing. It takes getting used to as it is not as fluid as other action RPGs. But once you get the hang of it and you build your character, it is just fine. Fortunately, one thing you will not have to do in this game is grind for experience points and gold to build your character. Each of the three acts is divided into various areas that you must explore and clear of enemies. Once the enemies are cleared, you do not have to wait for them to respawn and repeat killing the same enemies over and over again for experience, (only a very small percentage of enemies respawn anyway). Clearing each area once will provide more than enough experience to build your character sufficiently to progress through the game. But keep in mind, this game is HARD. The battles are not easy at all, especially the ghosts and specters that are introduced to you in act II, (which require magic to beat – since I was a paladin and weak at magic, I had to use flame sword and seals) and the werewolves introduced in act III. You will find that fighting monsters in groups is a bad idea and most of the time you will have to resort to hit and run tactics where you slowly walk up to a group of enemies, lure one or two away from the group at a time, and kill them individually. If you are anything like me, you will be using that tactics for most of the game. Also, even though this world is strongly modeled after medieval Europe, they also mix traditional rpg monsters and mythology in the mix such as orcs, trolls, ect., explaining them as hellspawns, remnants of a dark and foreboding pagan world long since conquered by the true faith, or monsters summoned in black masses, ect. Of course, there are also plenty of demons from Judeo-Christian and gnostic literature as well. It makes for an interesting mix.I found the magic system in the game to be impressive, not so much because it was terribly complex, but for the fact that a world modeled after medieval Europe, where magic would be considered heretical, would have a magic system at all. On top of that, there are in fact SEVEN schools of magic in the game, each one consisting of spells that are each given their own history and background, (as are all the items in the game!) If you choose to play the game by the rules as I did and be obedient to the Holy Mother Church, then there are four approved and sanctioned schools of magic that could better be described as feats of faith and divine intervention. There is magic of faith, magic of miracles, divine magic, and inquisitional magic. If however you choose to dabble in heresy, (at risk to your own soul), then you can also learn pagan, heretical, or the ever dreaded Luciferian magic. Playing as a paladin, I didn’t get to use too much of the later levels of magic, but what I used was quite effective in the gameplay.So my assessment of this game is that it was very engaging, very involving, very well written with a fantastic story, and quite lengthy. Be prepared to invest some time into it. The mechanics of the game were quite rough around the edges and takes some getting used to. You will get stuck often, and when you do, the GOG and Steam forums will prove to be a God send. One thing that this game requires a lot of, (throughout the entire game but especially around the beginning) is that you carry LOTS AND LOTS of health, stamina, and (if you’re a priest) mana potions with you at all times. You will find that dungeon exploring consists of you getting as far into the dungeon as you can until you run out of potions, (which you will burn through quite quickly), making your way back to the surface, buying more potions, and progressing further into the dungeon. Get use to that cycle. Also, there are a few bugs in the game that have yet to be polished out, all of which you can find solutions for on the GOG and Steam forums. One bug in particular that effected some players, (including myself) involved a crucial NPC named Tinthan who is necessary to complete the main quest, not always showing up where he should be in act II, thus not allowing you to progress in the game. If that happens to you, it’s an easy fix that can be resolved by typing the following console command:-	Press ~ (next to 1)-	Type \addbeing_afriend Tinthan -1 -1-	Press “enter”-	You can also find the solution here:http://www.gog.com/forum/inquisitor/where_is_thintan/?search=TinthanThis game has tons of atmosphere, lots of charm, and gives you many unique options and story driven tasks. Its soundtrack adds to the atmosphere very well and comes with the game. It sets the mood well and I even put it on my iPod. Throughout the course of the game, you will fight for or against Satan, defeat corrupt priests who sold their souls, perform exorcisms, summon the dead, summon genies, (save them for bosses – trust me), torture heretics, explore a continent, read a novel, and of course, (my personal favorite) rescue damsels. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did and have fun."
76561198039437909,Recommended,241620,17962652,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,fairman2007,A little difficult to get used to the combat and how you interact with the game but the storyline is so detailed it makes up for any minor technical issue. Someone very creative designed this plot and put mountains of effort into lore. The world created for this game feels very real.
76561198022311003,Not Recommended,241620,31570572,Posted: 5 May,all,ZappBrannigan,"Inquisitor is the sort of game that I really want to love, but just don't. I have started it up several times, but just get frustrated and end up putting it down every time.It has a major plus in its writing. Seriously, whoever wrote the dialogue in this game should get a medal. The dialogue is huge, detailed, interesting, and responsive. Talking to characters is consistently interesting. There is an engaging overarching plot as well.BUT, everything else is wrong. The controls, the combat system, inventory, it's all broken and frustrating. It's such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that I just can't be bothered to slog through it for the sake of the writing.Basically, there are much better old-school rpgs on the market that will give you a lot more fun and a lot less frustration, so I just can't recommend this."
76561198045833894,Not Recommended,241620,10973791,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Fuinril,"This game in one word : TEDIOUSFirst of all, the good points of the game : 3D iso old school RPG, interesting story (at first at least) with some well thought mechanism such as the whole idea of invastigating, torturing and burning evil citizens.Now, the cons.... the first you see in game is the awkward combat system. Well you basically spam blindly and it works (kinda) - I should add I played this game as a caster. Not enough to make a bad game, right. You want some more ? Ok ! So, let's talk a little more about the combat. You begin as a total weakling : your spells hit no more than on time on 5 or 6 and do ridiculous damage. And then you pass from lvl 6 to 7 (or 8 to 9 don't remember) and you become a divine incarnation who OS every mobs.... at least till the end of the first act (well technically you do continue to OS every mobs in the second but that's for later). The companions you can gather are at first invaluable as you just cannot kill mob alone in the beginning (they can)... and just as you become overpowered  they become useless... no, more than  useless.... a huge pain the back ! They are so useless you'll soon want them dead (as you cannot ask for a companion to leave).Oh, I forgot to speak about game breaking bugs, like there's 'rank' depending on stats and skills levels, and item use and ability unlock as you progress... That is... IF the game accepts to acknowledge your progress. Often, even when you do meet requirements you would not have the rank granted. And the only thing to do is wait till you level up to spend another point in the skill and pray this time it will work. You just don't imagine the impact of this bug : basically it means you cannot equip the new items, use new spells or ability you need.The quest system is awkward too : sometimes you need to do things in the proper order to unlock a dialog, sometimes you need to carry an item, sometimes just find it is enough... And there's never anything to guide you. The resource management is awkward too... you want to cast spell : wait. Regain HP : wait.Well... all in all I had a pretty good time during the first act : you wander the areas around the town, explore dungeons, cemetery... resolving quests randomly, you delve a little into the story... And then you encounter the end dungeon of the first act. A HUGE pit mine with many many floors... so many you will need to do several round trip to the town to empty your bags and repair your stuff. And of course, to do the round trips you will be required to cross the entire dungeons with each and every floor. You just cannot imagine what it is like. Suffice to say the vast majority of players who where willing to give this game a try (and not discourage by the combat system, pacing and bugs) stop there.And then the second act. You begin in a big town, I cannot judge the story as I stoped in there but it begins like the first act. No, the tediousness of this game stopped me there ! I thought the game will be less tedious after the big dungeon but no  ! It's getting worse ! You will never have any space in your inventory due to potions managaement and the need to keep some very big clue you find for quests (oh but you do not know if it's usefull or not, nor when it will become usefull), and.... I was beginning to die again. Oh my char was still overpowered but I could not kill 2 groups of ennemies (and there's LOT of them) without my armor breaking, forcing me to either continue naked and dying from spiky damages, either do a round trip to town...All in all the game shine by it atmosphere and some good ideas but that's all. All is tedious in this game : fight, use spells (why is there so few shortcuts ?), use items, carry items, companions management.... Too bad there was something to do here but this game miss the target..."
,Recommended,241620,15396380,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,NLC_Richard_Rahl,"Inquisitor is a detailed RPG with a riveting storyline based in the medieval period following the infamous black plague. It uses a mix of real world events and common fantasy elements to recreate the era. Fantasy elements include magic, enchanted weaponry, and useful alchemical potions (real world alchemy was actually an endless pursuit to try and create gold by mixing various elements).One of my favorite historical elements is a mention of the flagellants, a group of christian extremists who repeatedly whipped themselves and inflicted other bodily harm in an attempt to recreate the suffering of Jesus. Of course, the most apparent historical element is the inquisition itself, referring to the persecution of all those who weren't inline with the beliefs of the church. This game is of course not nearly as extreme and vulgar as what actually took place, but I won't go too far in detail, as I don't want to bore you with a history lesson.So, what's good?-Leveling system with XP, attributes, skill points-Large variety of spells and skills (all explained by detailed tooltips)-Lots of equipment (character can equip weapon, shield, helm, armor, boots, gloves, belt, two rings, and an amulet)-Challenging combat-Choices with consequences-Good replay value (to try different choices with different consequences)-Immersive world-Non-linear gameplay-Intriguing storylineWhat can be annoying?-Bosses are extremely difficult, to the point where you may have to clear several areas without fighting the bosses, and then go back and try again, and again, clear some other areas, and then try again. Although, it kind of makes sense from a realistic point of view, as most of these are all fabled in the lore to be as such. It's still annoying.-Old school RPG with archaic graphics-No tutorial, which can make it frustrating to figure out how to play, especially if you are not familiar with how these types of games work.-All text, no voice dialogueWhat can be viewed either way?-No flashing marker on your map telling you where to go next, forcing you to actually pay attention to dialogue if you want to complete quests (time to drag out the old notepad).-Character growth in spells and skills is limited by your class choice, forcing you to specialize. While this adds some to the replay value, it doesn't allow one to create that god-like character that can do anything.In conclusion, this game can be great but is not for everyone.If your one of those who doesn't like reading, this game may not be for you. If you like games to be easy, this game is likely not for you, as you will have to do some thinking. If you are one of those who can't stand to look at a game if it doesn't have modern graphics, then this game is DEFINITELY not for you.That said, I think this game is absolutely amazing. I'm sure that if you are an avid RPG gamer like myself who can tolerate the old school style and difficult bosses, you will love it as much as I do. At U.S. $9.99, Inquisitor is a steal."
,Recommended,241620,8873939,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,<MANiA> Nature,"It is exactly what it says in the game's description.It's brutal and unforgiving, and will genuinely challenge you.It has a great sense of immersion and depth.The combat is awesome, as you need to be focused to survive.Oldschool graphics - but you can't help but love the game for it.I would definitaly recommend this, especially for the price tag!"
,Recommended,241620,8043477,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,razoleg,"I do not usually play isometric RPGs, or in this case, aRPGs. I have tried to get into Diablo and Diablo 2 back when they just came out, but it was something about the game relying on loot more than storyline that gave me the wrong feeling about it.Now, this game is similar to Diablo, I agree, but that is only at the first glance. As you look deeper, it actualy is very true to the roots of proper Medieval RPGs. The atmosphere is grimdark enough to be comparable to S.T.A.L.K.E.R. or Fallout 1. The world is very hostile, and you will get your a.s.s. handed to you on hourly basis.The art and overall design is done with great detail. The developers have lovingly and beautifully drawn every little bit of scenery, monster part and menu art so graphics-wise the game is quite pleasant despite being two dimensional.The quests have good depth in terms of narrative and plot twists and there is no right or wrong ending for majority of your investigations (main quests are very non-linear in this aspect, it is quite similar to L.A. Noire - you never feel 100% sure about your decisions). You can easily accuse the wrong person of heresy or behave in a non-christian way and face the consequences of your actions later in the form of a reward or an enemy ambush.All in all, I never thought that I would like this sort of old-school aRPG style of games, but this one is done so well, that its atmosphere conveys the roleplaying aspect much better than most FPS shooters with RPG elements. I'd say that you truly feel like the character you are playing.The only real disadvantage when compared to modern RPGs that I've noticed, besides the obvious aged look, would be that the inventory system isn't designed to be user-friendly. For example, your potions take up sometimes 2/3rds of your inventory space, and that is just for a single trip to one level of the dungeon on lower player character levels. It gets better as your character gets more experienced, but the need to buy a few dozen potions just to safely roam PvE areas never really disappears."
76561197996517798,Recommended,241620,22483895,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,malpasoman,"The depth and its double-standards of justice kept me going back for more as I pushed further into its curious story to find out who was behind a simple act of malice.  I had no idea how ""OK"" I was about torturing someone into accepting the conjectured blame the order had cooked up.  Even if there wasn't anything left to confess, I wanted to see them scream in pain.  If you enjoy stories in your games more than you do gameplay; you should give this game a shot.  If you enjoy stories that start of as a bundle of petty missions that eventually turn into more than reality could handle, then give this game 100 hours of your time.  And if you happen  to be one of those who watched The Borgias with Jeremy Irons, then you should play this game to experience what it's like to be a self-righteousness Inquisitor."
,Recommended,241620,11168665,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Negro-chan,"This game is for the hardcore only. If you enjoyed diablo, you MIGHT like this. This game is MUCH more story driven, with a much more in-depth combat and class system. You choose from 3 classes, Priest,Templar,Thief. All of which are HARD. Play the game on EASY, because even easy is HARD.  I highly reccomend it. Only 9 hours in, and i barely scratched the surface."
,Not Recommended,241620,24904211,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,facedancer,"Having mixed feelings towards this game. It's not that it's a bad one. Just not well-made.From the creators of the dark, atmospheric, story-driven albeit a bit clumsy adventure Daemonica comes a dark, atmospheric, story-driven Inquisitor… but the RPG part and the duration made the whole clumsiness part exaggerated.Delve deep into the tedium of1. pixelhunting!2. stacking on bottles like a hobo junkie3. collecting scalps4. lengthy monotonous conversations5. reeeeally slow walking6. unskippable “I have to let you go” dialogue whenever you accidentally click on your dog7. spiders that poison you for 5 minutes with about the only remedy of going to the city and heal… and did I mention slow walking?8. broken balance with easy difficulty being worse off than hard (according to forums)If you tell me now “but it's a hardcore dialogue-rich RPG, what did you expect?”, please don't be like those people who mistake bad game design for a difficulty level. User-friendliness is not something for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's a norm these days, and this game lacks a lot in this department.Story-wise it's an interesting concept, being an inquisitor, collecting gossip and proof, uncovering crimes against faith — and these heretical rituals are kind of grim and do make you uneasy. I guess I'm about halfway through now, and decided to just use the cheat codes to get through the dungeons without madly running/crawling to the town and back."
76561197993626713,Recommended,241620,9781901,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,NailDive,"INQUISITOR! Yell it out in a funny accent that nobody in the living world actually possesses, and you will feel good about yourself. Do it over and over, because this game is really ♥♥♥♥ing good. It is extremely well written, something that makes you not give the smallest nugget that the excellent story is making up for the lower-grade graphics. INQUISITOR! (roll the R, roll the R) has the most refreshingly original subject matter I've seen EXECUTED PROPERLY in a game for a long time, and the actually mechanics of how you choose to solve the cases and mysteries you encounter are so far from anything else I've seen in what is essentially, a classic-style isometric RPG, that INQUISITOR! stands in a league of it's own to me.""Why haven't you played 300hrs of it then?"", I hear you ask. Well, it's because... IT'S REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING HARD. My first playthrough I decided that I would try something a little different from what I usually do, and knowing that ""mages"" are always the hardest class to keep alive, I set it to easy and picked the monk. Wrong choice. I died so many times I lost count and found myself quick saving every time I killed ONE of the plethora of monsters out in the wide world. The only reason I persisted was that the story was just THAT good. I played along long enough that the little deamon that lives in the back of my brain kept saying, ""If you're the good guy and you're torturing people for confessions, imagine how much fun it's going to be siding with the devil!"" And so that is what I did. And it was glorious. And made me feel a little bad sometimes. But I got over it.If you like a challenge and you're looking for something really FRESH in the world of RPG's, buy INQUISITOR! You won't regret it.OOOOOOO! There's a ""No"" option for recommendations now! Time to review Sanctum of Slime..."
76561198059927642,Recommended,241620,16759585,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Cube of Bees,"<<<WARNING>>>  THIS GAME IS TEXT HEAVY!   <<<WARNING>>>Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is like a small novel. If you haven't read in awhile you'll feel exhausted starting the game. You'll be reading for 4 hours at the start of this game. Don't worry though, if you can get through that... you'll be reading for many more hours. Im not against reading but damn it may be too long and boring for mostplayers. Later on you'll learn that reading in this game has it's benefit. The reading in this game allows it to add graphic detail that would normally raise it's mature rating if done playing things out with art and animation. In the game you'll have references to everything that would be in an older time period and more in a world thrust into chaos with demons and satanic rituals going on. There will be description on murder, blood orgies, bestiality, canabalism, necrophilia and something I never thought I'd see in a game. ***SPOILER*** Later in the game you actually come accross a ritual site where 13 dead babies were layed in a circle, cut open, and had their inards shoved into the belly of a black goat that lays in the center of a bloody pentagram. That's the kinda stuff you'll be reading about, and you know what? It's AWESOMEE11!!!!!!!!Althought the graphics are like diablo 2's the controls and hub for the game are far worse in comparison. That dones't mean it's bad, it mostly means it's difficult. The only other problems i had were constantly getting poisoned over and over again and the random loot inshops. You'll spend almost as much time reading in this game as you will checking and rechecking shops for randomlly generated loot that give you stat bounses. So if you want to resist all that poison damage you will take, you'll need to know that you'll be looking through shops for hours, closing and opening them again. All that shop manipulation gets really boring.In a final note, remember to make multiple save files. I lost 80 hours due to a bug that wasn't fixed, some kind of memory leak error, that prevented me from loading some of my save files. If you start to see the graphics glitch in the game, it's best to close the game fully and reload the game from your last save spot because if you do save from that point those files will not load.Anyway, this game is totally worth having to put up with the difficulties it gives you. If you love medieval murder mystery games, with beautiful sprite graphicsand all the crap I mentioned before, then you'll love this! Dun dun duuuun~! (Reading rainnnnbooowwww~~!!!)"
,Recommended,241620,23470165,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Mead Champion,"It is a serious, demanding and unforgiving game with a unique setting and a dark atmosphere.Tedious, frustrating and almost unbearable at the beginning, but enjoyable, rewarding and immersive from the middle to the end."
,Recommended,241620,12304893,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Royial20 [TURBO],"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7d1kBznlSo&feature=youtu.beInquisitor: Inquisitor is an old styled RPG from an isometric point of view. You take on the role of an inquisitor of one of three classes, the paladin, thief or priest. You are set upon the world of Ultherst to save it from damnation by rooting out the witch and heretic and banishing evil from the hearts of the innocent. Inquisitor is a fairly simple game with an amazing premise; it really ends up playing out like a detective game of crime solving. You will go and get testimony’s, witnesses, evidence and find the truth behind the conspiracy's and paranoia of the down trodden people of Ultherst and in doing so, discover a dangerous and incredibly evil plot against humanity. The story and setting in Inquisitor is incredible and very unique, I’ve never seen a game quite like this, and it’s got a heavy dark setting with a very gothic overtone and style, beautifully created environments and music that really makes you feel like you are doing god's work. As far as storytelling, the game is stellar, the game truly falters in its execution of its combat, you will constantly need to carry bags full of potions and drink from them constantly just to stay alive, and the combat itself is very monotonous, couple that with the strange design choice of including stamina which you use for any combat action and once depleted you can do nothing and it really takes out the intensity of combat and really becomes more of chore than something you want to do. This is made into an even bigger problem further since the game will have you go through huge dungeons with multiple floors and quickly respawning enemies. You will end up fighting through throngs of enemies just to get to the next Act or finish a side quest and without any satisfaction it gets very challenging to push yourself through to enjoy more of the story. Challenge is also something that bogs the game down, this game is difficult even on easy, enemies will take an insane amount of damage before dropping while you can easily be killed, you'll be saving and loading often in this game and it isn't necessarily because the monsters pose a challenge, but rather that they have a lot of health and you don't. My recommendation for the combat system is to build a range character and use hit and run tactics, and ONLY play on easy. This isn't the kind of challenge that feels good to overcome. It’s really a shame since Inquisitor is a game I would like to see a sequel for; its setting is truly a dark fantasy, complete with torture, paranoia, violent crimes and true evil. I would love to see more of this world or game of a similar setting, Inquisitor really suffers from a very bad combat system that is unfortunately forced upon you as you are expected to do a lot of fighting. It's only $9.99 USD and I rarely see it on sale, if you do, I'd pick it up and check out the story and see how you like the crime solving, otherwise, unless you can get past the combat system, it'll be very hard to justify the price, even if the story is great.TL/DR; Inquisitor is a very hard (not in a good way) RPG where you play a holy man (out of three available choices) who is asked to find the answers behind the evil plaguing Ultherst and save the souls of the innocent. The premise is dark, grim and gothic, with beautiful music and crafted settings, the game really suffers from a horrible combat system that the game seems to think you'll enjoy because it gives you gigantic dungeons with many floors to go through before you can even think of advancing to the next act. It doesn't help the game is so difficult even on the easiest difficulty, for really no reason. I enjoyed the story, but, it’s tough to recommend. I rarely see it go on sale too, if you do see it pick it up, otherwise spending $9.99 is a tough price for a game you might not play past the first few hours. Oh and be prepared to read, a lot.-Middle of the Road from Royial"
,Recommended,241620,6733389,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Tulipan,"A story driven isometric rpg, if you dont like to read a  lot you probably wont like it."
,Recommended,241620,16052905,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,CrunchNomNom,"Great game. 120+ hours of play time.I don't know the last time I got this many hours out of a single player game. Maybe never.It was a bit rough at the start playing as a priest with hardly any spells and low chance to cast them successfully, but it gets much better. Use plenty of magic seal items at the start (instant magic spell items with 100% success) until your own magic abilities get better. When you get AoE spells much later in the game you will be unstoppable.The story is very unique compared to other games I've played, and the gameplay is too. It combines investigation with regular RPG elements very well."
,Recommended,241620,10150545,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,LadyPyramidHead,"I love this game It's not dumbed-down like most modern CRPGs and is a welcome challenge that has the deep atmosphere of games like Divine Divinity and Baldur's Gate.Thank you for this classically gorgeous game with intriguing lore and gameplay :')I highly recommend this game for any gamers such as myself who love classic CRPGs, a challenge, and craves depth."
76561198037863920,Recommended,241620,11121098,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Inputter,"Requirements to play this game: be masochist.Pros:- good story- 'old school'Cons:- still buggy as hell, getting stuck on the wall for the 1325th time starts to get annoying- heavily favors non-melee characters due everyone and their mom having some on-hit debuff which in most cases you can't dispel (not that it would matter anyway since they just re-apply it)- pots, pots, pots and more pots, either use 3/4 of your bag space for pots or prepare to return to town often, well you're going to hit the town often anyway since your bags will be full very fast- overpowered casters who can floor you faster that you can react- evidences that eat up huge bag space. I understand that stuffing 3 *BEEPspoilersBEEP* in a back bag would be rediculous in real life but in most games, quest items are on their own spaceSo then, recommended? Well being some sorta masochist, I finished the game just because I don't like to give up. I know some will like this game, I did here and there, but if you lack greater patience, don't bother. With no patience, you will end up whacking your keyboard to pieces and smacking your fist through the monitor. That being said, it's 0.89€ right now when I type this, so trying the game costs you next to nothing."
76561198023941769,Recommended,241620,20806383,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,VIRUS,Totally sick. Underestimated masterpiece
,Recommended,241620,27209332,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Firecat,"I enjoyed playing this game.SettingThe setting of a fantasy inquisitorial christian kingdom felt refreshing.The tone of the game is fairly dark and grim.GameplayGameplay isn't too complex but takes some figuring out at the start.The game can become a potion chugging fest the further you get into the game.I enjoyed playing the priest class, the focus on spells felt great in my opinion.The user inteface could have been better.StoryThe game has a lot of text, so you'll have to read.What kept me playing was the story.In my opinion it has a bit of a detective-ish feel when you try to find heretics."
,Recommended,241620,9264793,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Apsalar,"This game achieves a more completely immersive atmosphere than most of the AAA, high-graphical games in my library.  The limited color palette, the music, the sounds, the well-fleshed mythos and characterisations, even the somewhat bizarre UI- they all contribute to an overarching and deeply compelling feeling of doom.  The setting is essentially an alternate medieval Europe in which demons and angels and monsters and spirits walk the earth, and the arts of magic and miracle-working are available to those willing to study. I chose the priest class, as I typically do when it's available- but this is no D&D or WoW priest class. The character progression system is largely open. But its workings are esoteric and draconian, and I find it very rewarding to slowly understand and pursue possibilities.  I turn and bless my companion before calling forth lesions on the skin of enemy: the process is largely invisible in-game beyond some floating numbers, but the narrative elements pull it together so perfectly that I am absolutely convinced.Yes, combat involves drinking lots of potions. And yes, the game involves a lot of reading. There are occasional minor mistakes in the translations but frankly the writing is far better overall than it is in most American games, and the mysteries and characters are more well-constructed than an any but the best point-and-click murder games, not to mention your typical rpg.This is NOT an action game. It is a brooding, creeping, sturm-und-drang literary roleplaying mystery game. And I highly, highly recommend playing it."
,Not Recommended,241620,13818558,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Smoker,"Potion drinking simulator. Good writing but once you get into combat area's it's fight, get poisioned, drink potion. Couldn't take it anymore. Usually finish games like this. Hardest CRPG I've played just because of it."
,Not Recommended,241620,12536937,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,darkfirezx,"The atmosphere of the game is great but, I feel the rest wasn't executed very well. The writing definitely captured some of the justice, heretic, interrogation theme but, ultimately wasn't very engaging to me.The gameplay gets a bit repetitive, especially if you have to make multiple trips in certain areas due to equipment breaking or running out of potions.  It seems a bit overkill if you have to bring 3 sets of weapons and 2 full pages of inventory filled with potions into one dungeon and you still have to make a 5 minute trip back out to resupply.Those things said, I only played as a paladin and restarted twice to make stat adjustments. I never made it past the first act as well. I was about to write the review a while ago but, I decided to try to give it some more time.  After a few more hours I still didn't make it out of act 1 and it was not worth it to push myself through this game.All in all it's good for a few hours of mediocre entertainment at ~$2.00 but, I don't think it's worth your time."
76561198032773067,Recommended,241620,35070884,Posted: 19 September,all,TheLastCzechMate,"Game has very good script and atmosphere. Beware, difficulty is up there! What made me sad is combat/dialog ratio - you will fight all the times, with enemies respawning in limited numbers upon leaving area. What is really different is mana/stanima/health/durability management - only stamina replenishes continuously(sloooowly), you must use potions or skills (costing mana/stamina :) ) Be prepared to do a lot of walking for restock at town.Is it worth a buy? If you are a oldschool RPG fan, you love challenging and intriguing game, you will definitelly forgive few kinks. It was refreshing to play, kept me interested in main story, but also side quests.Music is superb and underlines the whole dark atmosphere. Upon entering church in the first city I literally stopped and listened with goosebumps all around.If you decide to try this, be patient, game will be brutal at first, but you will grow to be a pretty badass protagonist.Have fun!"
76561198052582282,Recommended,241620,9300256,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Lord von Fleck,"Great game.  Very old school RPG.  No hand holding... anywhere, your going to need to know your RPG, and be expected to... think.  Prepare to read, read, and read, hack, hack, shoot, and use potions, and sell old armor, to use new.  Save, die, and reload.  Just like the old days, its about the story... and while their is a journal, you really need to ""stay"" with it, or you will forget the many intriguing and subliminal turns it takes you on.  Stop playing at your own risk."
76561198040919135,Recommended,241620,25643907,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Cylexus,"This game was excellent, I will admit the combat was lacklustre and repetive and even dated to be brutally honest. But the story was top notch, And investigating crimes and seeking out heresy, finding leads and the dialogue was 100%. I became thoroughly immersed in this game and I would gladly buy a sequel if they ever made one."
,Recommended,241620,11209947,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Wren,"Great RPG that follows the vein of old games like Baldur's Gate or Fallout, mostly for good and a little for ill. The story and dialog are top notch and even 30 hours in there's more and more to discover all the while getting engrossed in the setting of a medieval but fantasical Europe. Orcs and lizard-men roam the countryside while satanic plots threaten to destroy humanity but a familiar Christian dogma attempts to keep everything in check. The music is also very well done and quite fitting with an amazing variety where you're sure to keep hearing new tracks when coming across new dungeons.If you have yet to be baptised to the faith of older top down RPGs you may find the combat and skill system a little out of date and you'd be right to think so. Still, once you get your first party member and learn the nuances of the skills and spells you'll be able to completely focus yourself on the games strong points. For just 10 dollars (or less, sale depending) you're more than likely to get your monies worth."
76561198050376776,Recommended,241620,9873836,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Gaius,"One of the best games that I have. If you like real roleplaying, you should buy it."
,Recommended,241620,25046864,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jester,"I was pleasantly surprised by this game. It has immense, richly developed lore. Every last God-forgotten potion, or minor item, has imaginative description, just like in Baldurs Gate. Dialogues are good and non-lianear, you can side with or against many NPCs, you can choose to befriend them, torch them in a Holy Flame or let them loose. General mood and gameplay are close to Diablo 1, very dark and intriguing. So, my concusion is that this is not some cheap attempt at depth, as it may seem simply because this game is being sold at 80 percent off very often. This is actually a finely crafred RPG, which may appeal to both BG and Diablo camps of gamers.EDIT: This game is my nomination for first Steam Awards in category Best Unknown Game."
76561198039646328,Recommended,241620,15704364,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,asonofpeter,"Inquisitor is an old-school RPG with a unique setting and gritty style. It was fun to play but its grindy and often needlessly confusing nature spoiled the immersion for me somewhat. I would not recommend this game to someone who wasn't already in love with classics like Baldur's Gate, NWN, etc., as it's a difficult game to get into initially, but if you still enjoy those top-down RPGS and are hungry for something new, Inquisitor may scratch that itch. If RPGs are a hit-or-miss thing for you or if old-school gameplay with all its muddiness is a turn-off, however, this game will probably not be your thing. 6.5/10"
76561198047384882,Recommended,241620,16937819,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,"Recommend? Hmmm...If you get it on sale you may like this for the interesting plot (i.e. you don't really know initially who the heretics are, and how to get the proof against them). Overall, it feels like a badly implemented cross between Icewind Dale and Diablo 1, with less side quests than IWD but more plot depth than D-1. Also, character advancement is pretty rapid, you can easily get over Level 20 or so in ACT 1.But:- Graphics are VERY outdated for a 2012 game, looks like a much older game that hasn't aged well- UI is pretty clunky (no sort in inventory, etc.)- Limited types of weapons, armor, etc.- Balancing seems off: melee/ranged combat can be far to easy, but as soon as you meet multiple shamans/mages, it can get surprisingly dificult, with your main character becoming confused within the 1st second of combat. Poison works for an ungodly length of time with few counters, etc.- Few ""side"" quests- Income is very limited compared to cost of consumables- Many game design decisions are... well... let's call them old-school (no Town Portal spells or similyr)May still be considered OK for a low budget production. Without the storyline it would not be recommended at all."
76561197992582328,Recommended,241620,18003985,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Deshtat,"So I must admit this game is pretty hardcore. I also must admit I had to cheat in order to stay alive as a thief.But!I love Inquisitor's atmosphere, with it's foggy lands and superstitions. All this writing work really keeps me going! It has quite a unique lore, and for some reason I don't get, the old fashioned design really fits it. I also like some of the musics. This game inspires me!I don't know if I'll ever be able to finish it, but I'll try my best. It's not every day you get to be a badass inquisitor."
76561198107928086,Recommended,241620,15137643,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,kaminasinged,"Fun game, tons tons and i mean TONS of reading. This game is more of a crime investagation than any. But with fighting, decision making that affect all the characters of the game, and good itemization. I  would have played it more and still probably will... but all the reading... it's like i am reading a chapter of a book every NPC haha."
,Recommended,241620,25796844,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,バラト,"Saw this game on STEAM sale, got it for my steam collection played it, finished and reviewing it.Graphically the game isn't ground breaking and it's nowhere near to any of the modern RPGs that we see nowadays. Combat system is also not very appealing but it does the job but skill system really is interesting and feels somewhat unique. Music/Background score is awesome it does feel eerie when you go to certain locations and changes according to the location and the mood of the scenario. The strongest part is the story. Yes if you wanna buy this game and wanna enjoy it to the fullest then you gotta read a lot. It has so much content to read in this game it can make a novel out of it. Thankfully I don't mind reading and enjoy reading if the content is good and definitely content here is no joke. There are some logical explanations too given but that'll be spoiler if I explain them here. If you wanna play a game that has interesting story and tons of quests to do which are mostly related to the main story arc then this game is for you.Mind you this game is not casual ARPG fans. You will not get directions, no indicators to complete your quests and combat is painfully difficult at the beginning. But once you understood how things work then it is going to be a rewarding experience and trust me you would ask for more. I recommend this game to only serious ARPG fans , those who can invest some time and play it with patience or else just stay away from it."
76561198033543218,Recommended,241620,14874889,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,mamkablam,"Great game!  Tough as Hell.  Even as a priest I used more seals than magic... until I hit magister levels, and those high-level spells changed the game.  Takes a while to get some good old-fashioned AoE spells.  Pagan magic rocks!"
,Recommended,241620,4295158,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Fett,Great old-school game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥s will hate it. Thats all. BUY. IT. NOW.
,Recommended,241620,13208656,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Paul the Alaskan Tonberry,"You know, the game style is dated, similar to Diablo 2, but it's charming. The choices you make can carry great weight, depending on your playstyle. The game doesn't babysit you and stop you from going places where you might die quite easily either, which I appreciate. It shows the dev team has faith that we're not complete morons and we'll learn from our mistakes, rather than point us away every time. There's some typos in the text, but it really isn't anything game breaking or too distracting. Items can be a little tough to come by, but it makes it that much more awarding. 4 out of 5, really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,241620,1164916,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,[CVG]Anton,"This game was 10 years in development for translation into English so it could be released in North America. It reminds me of the old school RPG gaming and I miss that in today's games.There is no voice acting in Inquisitor so I hope you like lots of reading because there is allot of it to do.I didn't play it for a lengthy time as I was getting board reading and reading and reading. However its a very in depth story and they gave every NPC in the game there own personality.Your character creation screen is limited as to your portrait and you select one of the five or six pre-remade pictures, not that it matters really.Graphically the game is very pretty and the story is very good but I had a hard time wanting to continue to play as there was to much reading and I tend to drift off when there is that much to do.Picking up the game for $4.99 or less is a good deal, if your really into this type of gaming and can spend the hours and hours of reading then for $9.99 its worth the price."
,Recommended,241620,22294551,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Dahaka,This game is Called Inquisitor or by the player name: Potion chugging simulator and you also get to torture heretics in dungeons and later burn them in the pyre!The story starts with a mysterious murder of a merchant in a small village called Hildebrant and you lead this investigation under the command of the local Inquisition and church.
76561198014768180,Recommended,241620,10776954,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Thenameless802,"Inquistor is done in the classic isometric style of great 90's rpg's like Baulders Gate or Plainscape: Torment.  With a main questline that allows the player to acutully gather evendence, accuse, prosecute and eventually execute heritic's, witches, satanists and other threaths to the church, Inquistor offers something unique and in some ways twistiedly fun.  The lack of a tutorial can make the learning curve a bit steep at the start  but if you have played the games I mentioned above then it shouldnt take too long to get used to the sometimes clunky UI and figure out how leveling works ect.  The storyline is enguaging and adds to the great enviornemnts and atmospheres that are present within allowing for a decent level of  immersion that kept me coming back.One of the issues I had with the game was  its lack of direction given in some of the main and side quests.  This might just be due to a bad translation as the game was produced and written in Poland and then later translated to English but it seems to happen often.  This can sometimes also be seen in the dialoge with converstiaons sounding  odd but  beyond that having no real other effects I had  noticed.  Another feature that could be tweeked is the quest tracking and journal system.  It would be nice if you cold add your own notes or in the whole converstiaon with people was recoded if it had rellevence to a specific quest.  Due to this I sometimes found it hard  to leave the game for  a few days and pick it back up where I left off.  But if you are willing to put in a bit of effort this game will be well worth the time of fans of the classic isometric style of RPGs."
76561197971743719,Recommended,241620,535590,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,"Vero, at last.","You stand at the precipice of eternity, the darkness ever encroaching. You must keep the faith, less you be lost to those who bear the mark of the beast, orcs, Murderers, rapists, beastmen, or Daemons who've found their way into our world through the fornification of men with the great enemy.""Trust no one, not even yourself. It is better to die in vain than to live in abomination.""Inquisitor is an old school journey through a 13th century world beset by the ruinous powers of Satan, himself. It is your task, to root out this evil wherever you may find it, sparing no tool in your mission to defeat the depravity you will encounter. The breadth of your search will take you from small hamlets to great metropolises, but do not be fooled, evil cloaks itself both in stygian shadow, and obfuscates the less than stalwart gaze with the glow of the light.May God be with you, nothing less will suffice."
76561198030956258,Recommended,241620,9577473,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Giggles,I spent the first 45 minutes killing bats and collecting treasure. I can't wait to begin torturing people.9/10.
76561197963791079,Recommended,241620,9760743,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Jah,"Good story line, but I haven't finished it yet.  You get your money's worth in the amount of content there is.  The character customization adds replayability to fool around with different builds.  Worth getting when it's on sale."
76561198043627942,Recommended,241620,9861977,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Nub-spotting Nub,"I have not played this through, but what i did play, it was genuinely interesting, what the creators were trying to do and did have an element of charm to it.. though this Game is more time consuming than Baldur's Gate, it must be said. I have played this for about 10 hours so far ( and will play more eventually).Some people will look to this game because it looks like Diablo.  Some because of perhaps Baldurs' Gate,  in honesty, it is quite disssimilar to diablo, being quite a slow paced game but does share quite a bit in common with Baldurs' Gate, including the intricate detail and the more strategy based combat system; Diablo being a ""hack and slash"" allows the character to attack when you click, this does not, and 'commands' the character to attack, making this less of an action game.Maybe I approached it with too much intertest in the story; and there is Tonnes there, so many people to talk to... some say same thing, like many NPCs in RPGs, but the thing with Baldurs gate with the allignment and need to do things right is here and appears to be quite deep in the chatting system (which again is like Baldurs Gate).My conclusion for now is this has the makings of being a great game, you,. there are hours(and hours) of material and feels like a decent attempt at a story lead game.  Though I think the game could have better done with a more action side too, like diablo and perhaps either the layout been more linear or the world smaller as complication can seem to alienate people, inlcuding me when I have to work;  In saying that it is truely great to see something that is different and someone actually trying, and succeding in making something good and diffferent."
76561198029251200,Recommended,241620,24400391,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DrakePendraig,Harkens back to the good old days of Arcana: of Magick and Steamworks Obscura. Writing in the game is thoroughly developed and well writen. Very old school DnD-esque; if you like that sort of thing.
76561198043046684,Recommended,241620,8344680,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Wallace,"Love this game, all the nice hard scaling difficulties, you can spend hours in the turtorial trying get it done, absolutely a joy to play, if old school Rpgs are your thing"
76561198055714975,Recommended,241620,11959425,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,PetydeNecro,"Not polished, but brimming with content. A solid choice for patient players on the lookout for an oldschool, dark, atmospheric RPG! I rcommend it."
76561198089346817,Recommended,241620,8548774,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,lowkhii,If you are a true RPG fan you will like this
76561198018403892,Recommended,241620,3160872,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,zanzibar_hero,"You read, then read, then read some more... When you are finished... Read some more text... Then buy some potions, a few more potions, and dont forget to stock up on potions. When you are done, kill some badies and return to town to read some more and buy some more potions. The atmosphere of hopelessness gets rather dull after a while... So... Maybe ok if you are itno these indie games and this is on special?"
76561197996905401,Recommended,241620,8188178,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Big Daddy,"A nice RPG to kill time with, it has a beautiful isometric art style to compliment it's mechanics similar to Baldur's Gate."
76561197993791428,Recommended,241620,8432063,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SerialChiller,"Oh, My, Gosh. A Must Buy, for ANY RPG Fan."
,Recommended,241620,11121983,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Szechteremicki Geszefciarz,8/10 would burn the heretics again
76561198020889705,Recommended,241620,15818931,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,green_ghost08,Diablo Crime Scene Investigators. You basically have to hunt down heretics before they destroy the world. You also learn about Christian mythology.
,Recommended,241620,11490555,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Alhazzared - nekru -,"Overall pretty neat game.Great story, lots of dialogue. Art is great. A lot of small details. Tons of side quests.Takes a good time to beat over 90 hours if you do everything possible. Can be difficult of you don't spend your skills wisely etc.Play as an inquisitor and save the realm from evil."
,Recommended,241620,11324538,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,thunderhill,"An interesting game with dark and light humour, and freedom to choose as you will. Great game for its age."
76561197980745911,Recommended,241620,14380845,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Frozen_Thumbs,"This isn't Diablo. This isn't Diablo II, This isn't Baulder's Gate. This is Inquisitor. One of the best isometric RPG's of its genre. If you don't like reading and RP'ing experiences then go play something else. Its a classic oRPG with elements found in other like games."
76561197999866270,Recommended,241620,1929157,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Wykstromius,"Considering how old this game is, it's still pretty buggy.  After about an hour or two your icons and hud will start turning into red blocks, making you have to restart.  Also, it has an unforgiving difficulty curve where some enemies are just ridiculously tough and can 1-2 hit kill you and your companions.  Aside from those glaring flaws it's actually quite a fun game, but not for the modern 'casual' audience.  This one won't hold your hand."
,Recommended,241620,8429924,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Captain,:wizard: I love how 'Diablo 2' the game is & the games depth but man this game will put me to sleep~
76561198042240066,Recommended,241620,11236334,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,|OO| Kendal,"So lyk, in dis game mayne u be inquisitin som dark doos who b nappin gurls lik hakim nah sayin? u dah special force of dah medieval tyme an u gota find the dark doos who b doin dis treachry. at dah begin of dah gaem i dint no what 2 think man. the graphix aint dat gewd considerin dah year an honistly i don see  y so many peepl comparin it to halo an baldurs gayte. Look i no man the gam stars slo, but den it gets reel good. you r deploy into uh urban com bat zone wif al kinds of earborn enemies lyk bats an dragens. u gota use yo magic an say fus roh dah lmao jk jk. but for reel dis game combatt is aight. dah stoory is good. dah best part b wen i went into dis doos crib he didnt lik it an trie to kill me. man tht had me so ratchett/ dheres a lot of reedin an fo reel thas the hard par. deh game def writtn by sum englsh professas cuz i dont no wht thse doos be sayin. tawkin bout dah heretix and dah orcs. lyk for reel, wtf does dah name of dis gaem even mee? yo fo reel doe dis gam be  a spiritul sucesor to 13th warior wit benecio del tor an is reel good. I giv it lyke a 2 2 2.5 out of 10 or sum like dat"
76561198092314394,Recommended,241620,13507479,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,R15AMZ,really good. Story is literally the best reason to play this game.
,Recommended,241620,22602746,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Cavemancougar,"hard core rpg, from the good old days."
76561198003179974,Recommended,241620,9608483,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,uominiedonne,Very funny game and different atmosphere.Some things are wrong:1)THE POINT DISTRIBUTION IS WRONG I NEED TO RETAIN THE PONTS TILL LEVEL 15 TO GET A LITTLE BETTER IN MAGIC...2) ITAIAN TRANSLATION NEEDED
,Recommended,241620,11193696,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Roger King,"I would have to say this game delivers in Storyline and that classic RPG, Baldurs Gate kind of feel. However, suffers from a very challenging combat system and lack of active pause feature. These do not detract from this game at all, but the experience would be much more enjoyable if Inquisitor had these features."
76561198036368198,Not Recommended,241620,16158863,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Lord Rutsah,"I'll list the things other people (or at least the most notable negative reviews) haven't mentioned, keep in mind I only played this as a priest (inquisitor specifically):-The game might have rediculous amounts of dialogue but basically the only question whose answer is worth reading is ""Do you suspect anyone of heresy?""-The plot is incredibly predictable in most cases.-During combat, if you accidentally click on an unwalkable area (and you will, a lot) your character with freeze for 3-4 seconds. During that time your enemies will catch you and it's game over.-Regardless of who my enemy is, I just follow the same tactic, ""open wounds"" spell-->run around-->open wounds-->run around-->repeat-The monsters respawns are DOWNRIGHT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Considering I don't play a knight I need to constantly backtrack to previous rooms while I kite the monsters, but when the monsters in those previous rooms have already respawned I need to backtrack to EVEN MORE ROOMS WITH RESPAWNED MONSTERS.-Endless grinding is endless.-Unplayable without a razer mouse (luckily I have a naga hex).-The first levels are practically unplayable, especially the orc caves just felt like banging my head on a wall.-Killing monsters by kiting gets terribly boring after a while.-Having to waste around 20 fireballs to open a wooden fence seems kind of a waste.-Why didn't anyone tell me that the identification skill is useless since I have the spell?!"
76561198000201899,Not Recommended,241620,9751444,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,DarkPassenger25,"This fell short of the ""epic"" old school rpg it promised to be. The combat and spell system was generic and clunky. Everything seemed a little out of balance from combat to level progression to economy. Visuals were sub par and buggy. Couldn't quite make it through my requiste 10 hours of gameplay.On an up note, the mood and setting was dark. The writing, though nothing amazing, had a gritty edge to it. The idea that you are and old school detective working for the house of God to uncover satan worshippers held promise, unfortuantly it didn't hold water (tap nor holy)."
,Recommended,241620,24232119,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Squid,"I haven't gotten too far in the game but thus far I am intrigued by the writing and the story; I would suggest reading a guide here on Steam called something like Beginner's Guide to Inquisitor, which provides a brief walkthrough of the very first part of the game and some other helpful information, some of which is not covered anywhere in the game itself or otherwise implied in a conspicuous manner.The gameplay seems ok, except I wish it was less action-oriented, but that is just a personal preference which I can overlook considering I also enjoy games like Diablo.  What I enjoy most about the game is the lore and premise of the story, there is a lot of reading to do, so if you don't like to read you probably shouldn't get the game.  What I enjoy most is the part of the game that doesn't involve fighting and the combat.  I still don't mind it too much, but I dislike some aspects of the gameplay and the game doesn't help you along enough with certain information about it, along with other aspects of the game, most of which I can disregard.I am eager to play this game more but personally am not that crazy about the style of combat and gameplay associated with that; my dislike of the combat might be explained by the fact that I haven't gotten very far in the game and it is more punishing at first, but rewarding later.  I think it's a special game and deserves significant recognition for its writing and the unique universe the developers created, which I would like to explore more of, not only because of the writing though but also because of the overall atmosphere of the game.  The music is great also, and the game doesn't look too bad and is fine at higher resolutions. Inquisitor has that classic RPG thing going, but not just for the sake of it being classic or old, it just works out that way."
76561198049949381,Recommended,241620,11220363,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,lancelot2001ca,"A good game that does not let you down along the way. It is a steady ride all to the end.Although, there should be more impacts on what you do and whom you talk to in the game... with all the big warnings at the beginning of the game, I think the designers should have focused more on that than hack'n'slashing.The game genre is situated between a role-playing (like Arcanum) and an action-adventure like diablo. It is decent enough to try at least once for fans of both genre.I recommand that you buy this game if you are a fan of role-playing games like Arcanum or action-adventure games like diablo/Dungeon Siege, especially at the low low price on Steam."
76561198055668540,Recommended,241620,13698055,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,mphillipsx2,Meh. That's the feeling that Inquisitor leaves me with.
,Recommended,241620,11607554,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,DrWakey,"Inquisitor is a great game!If you loved games like Baldurs Gate or Planescape Torment, you will be deeply satisfied by this game.It's long, it's challenging, it's detailed.The graphics are 2d but very atmospheric, and it got a gloomy organ soundtrack.Go, get it, NOW!"
76561198026809783,Not Recommended,241620,10477768,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Ninjababe,"I want to like this game. I really do. I thought the concept was intriguing. The twists and turns of the plot so far are fun to navigate.However, the combat mechanics don't work well. Even when I have the game on easy, and cheat (I'm a few hours in, and made myself level 100), the game kills me within ten minutes in the current dungeon. And, according to the walkthrough I found, it's a dungeon I should be able to get through at this point in the game.There is a lot of lore for this game. So much so, it sometimes overwhelms me. I just scrolled through what people were saying and only paying attention when a 'quest added/updated' or 'journal entry added' message popped up."
,Recommended,241620,11106478,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,folzfodefelz,"A bit Glitchy but if you like an immersive and original rpg, this is your game. Buy it during a sale. It's a shame about the graphics and sound, but not bad for the price."
76561197983637810,Recommended,241620,11626342,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,MacNille,"This is a game that you really want to like, but at the same time hate it with the power of 300 foremans grill. It is a diffcult mistress as she punish you for every misstep you make but she rewards you when you make good. What I'm trying to say, is that this game is HAAARRD. It will make you want to slam your keyboard against the deck. I like this game and I hate it at the same time. Bottomline is, that you if have no patince (like me) be prepare for game over. A lot. It is a good game here but you will get mad at it."
,Recommended,241620,11941254,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Soda Spider,"Like it so far, but I think i've turned casaul. Is it normally this hard?"
76561198021841152,Recommended,241620,12246940,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,mak_breaker4life,Cool game if u like rpg's like diablo and baldurs gate its worth a try thumbs up!
,Recommended,241620,10107775,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,SokK,"This game looks awesome... If you can bear with the slow walking speed of your character... I feel bad, but I just can't. DAMN TOO SLOW."
76561198079939720,Not Recommended,241620,35311831,Posted: 29 September,all,Auuuish,"Doesn't work... when I run it, a huge black square appears on my screen and the only way to make it disappear is to turn off the computer."
76561197996524254,Recommended,241620,10234191,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Fuck Boyardee,"Meh. There are some fun things about this game, but the combat system and difficulty curve are just awful."
76561198070173945,Recommended,241620,11123287,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Andrea,Well finding it for 0.89€ a few months after buying it for 10€ kinda hurts. Still good game if you enjoy the genre tho.
,Recommended,241620,16689803,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Toxicwire,Made a Priest; his name was Tomás de Torquemada.Would relive history again as Tomás de Torquemada and brutally kill innocents for no reason. <3http://www.britannica.com/biography/Tomas-de-Torquemada
,Not Recommended,241620,13838661,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SCREAMING COMMUNIST,"Extremely poor balancing early game. I'm not asking to start out like a dragonborn badass, but this is ridiculous.I chose a paladin knight as my character on medium difficulty. I try to kill the starter bat creatures on the first quest and can only kill one before im out of stamina and half dead. The fact that they paralyze you every other hit also adds insult to injury. I wonder if they even playtested it, the most frustrating 4 dollars I have ever spent.It has a very interesting universe and a very nostalgic isometric view of things,but the stat design of this game is currently broken to the point were it is not even playable."
76561198123297981,Not Recommended,241620,14758014,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,TheAussieBlue,"While there is nothing wrong, in and of itself, with the concepts behind this game, to say that they have been poorly executed is frankly apparent.Inqusitor, when I started, gave me high hopes, but the hiccups began apparent within a few hours of play.My first quest was to slay some giant bats to please teh guards, who would then let me inside.That took me nearly forty minutes to complete a quest that should've taken ten. And if the first quest is long, boring, and requires you to walk around in empty space, hunting down every last enemy, then you have done something wrong.While the concept of actually being inquisitive, performing basic detective work to hunt down the evil in towns was a brilliant idea, I was unable to get very far into it, having only played about an hour. The reason I stopped will be explained later.So while I was out and about killing bats, I discovered treasure. ""Aha!"" I thought, ""Basic gear that any first rank guy can wear! How wonderful, perhaps this game is salvageable!"" And then after closer examination, I found that the gear in question could not be worn by anyone below level seven. This is beyond stupid. All treasure and gear must be levveld to the expectations of the level of progression that the player should be at by the time he or she gets there.Giving level seven gear to a level one player, when you do not expect the player to be anywhere near that level, is a horrible design, regardless of where you find it. So, lacking any storage for this treasure, I prompty got rid of it by selling it. Now the market system is pretty good, with coin flowing freely and not feling too overwhelmed by ridiulous prices.But there was another problem. Care to guess?Over leveled equipment sold at the start of the game. You cannot use anything that is sold to you unless you are level 7. Proper design is to have the inventory of the blacksmith update as progress is made. This flaw proved to be extremely frustrating later.So after some basic examination into murders, and some questioning of townspeople, I was told by a villager that he had been paid good gold to kill me, and so he pulled out a weapon to do just that. Which is where the second flaw became apparent.Unbalanced enemies. In any good game the challange must scale to the player. Not so hard that the player can't win, but not so easy they become bored. Were in not for the timely intervention of the local guard, I would have been slain.During the fight, I ran into yet another problem. Breaking weapons. Now this is NOT problematic. Provided of course that the weapon displays a stat that SAYS IF IT IS GOING TO BREAK. The weapon did not, and when it did break, I was left completely defenseless.So without a weapon, and the bandit having a knife I was too low level to use, I set off to buy a weapon.Only, again, to discover I was too weak to use ANY WEAPON SOLD IN STORES, LEAVING ME COMPLETELY USELESS.At thsi point, I quit. Poor level design and balancing has completely ruined this game, which is a pity because it showed so much promise from the mechanics alone.Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,241620,12368534,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Dick Warlock,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUMkcBctE7cInquisitor has organ music.
,Not Recommended,241620,12435302,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Adams,"Great idea for an rpg game. Sadly it's poorly made. If you are looking for a rpg in a good, old baldur's gate style you will be disappointed. I can live with poor graphics but when i have to fight mostly with slow movement speed annoying magic system (most spells usually aren't working, if you hit someone once per every 5 tries you can consider yourself lucky). I was hoping for many quest requiring talking but most are rather combat oriented and fighting system isn't good in this game. What can i say more? It's a total failure and waste of money."
,Not Recommended,241620,15614445,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Fatality,"They call it hardcore RPG. I've played most of the CRPGs in the last decade, and i can tell you for sure that this game is not hardcore, it's just broken. It takes 2-3 minutes to kill the weakest enemy you can find, because both of you have a 90% miss chance. To recover you have to wait for eternity or buy potions which cost awfully a lot.I tried a trainer and maxed all my stats, i am still not able to win a 1 vs 2 fight with a god character. BROKEN.Besides that, the game has a nice frame, interesting dialogues and quests, truly rpg. But it's all ruined by the combat system. It would be a gem but it's just too painful and frustrating to fight.Buy it only on sale <0,40$Story/Quest/Visuals: 8/10Combat System: 2,5/10"
76561198066066802,Not Recommended,241620,11610675,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,SleepyFruitBat,"Honestly I am sorry, but this game was absolutely terrible for many reasons but I will try to hard boil it to 5. (Don't want to read them all? I made a summary at the bottom :3)1.  The Gameplay: Four words: Crappy Version Of Diablo2. The Story: Honestly the theme of this story is very well founded, It would seem like a great idea for a book or a movie. But VIDEO GAME?... eh maybe not.3. Lack of Playable Character Diversity: This game's selection of characters was, as best as I can say it, incomplete. Ok you got a warrior, a priest, and a thief... Then the author just dropped it there. Seriously!? How about including something like a witch (or warlock) or maybe an unarmed fighter like a monk (or something similar). The roster looked like the author made it to the thief and just said ""screw it that's fine"".4. Vocal: Or should I say lack thereof. This game was like a silent movie the whole way through. I don't mind reading but I do like to hear a voice behind the text. Plus some of the times you talk to people the text is like 10 or 15 lines long so some vocals would help there.5. Difficulty: Immensely difficult. Too much for an RPG. I don;t mind and even LIKE a little difficulty. But this game pretty much just throws your butt into the middle of the road and just says ""Ok you're here, you're on your own; have fun"". You have no idea where you 're supposed to go after the first place you start in. Plus the monsters are so difficult that even on easy I couldnt make it past the Necromancer in the Crypt (Can't recall his bloody name right now). And with no autosave, you die and forgot to save for like 2 hours you're screwed.To Make this short, Its Diablo 2 with the story, gameplay, PC (PC=playable character) roster, and vocals cranked down to zero and blown up with a Holy Hand Grenade, and the difficulty cranked up to bloody 11. I got it on a special and It wasn't even worth the minuscule amount I paid."
,Not Recommended,241620,10024497,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Pentagram_Alakazam,I hate this game.  I didn't expect much out of the graphics but somehow they managed to look worse than the screen shots and the animations are just plain ugly.  I really like the idea of this game but the presentation is so bad that I just can't get into it.  Oh and for a game with this much reading they should have made the font less annoying to look at.  I'm more mad that they wasted the idea rather than that I wasted my 5 bucks.  ♥♥♥♥ this ugly♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561198020886141,Not Recommended,241620,12203224,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Billick,"I couldn't get into this one.  I don't mind reading in games, but I thought the dialog was really rambling.  The combat in this game is painfully unfun.  This might of worked as an adventure game, or even a novel, but as it stands, this is the worst ARPG I've ever played."
76561197998887299,Recommended,241620,10001597,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Sniblet,4.5/5
,Not Recommended,241620,19881492,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Unmitigated Disaster,"I don't know.  It's hard to rate this game.   I didn't play it very much as you can tell so I'd give it a neutral if I could.  Now I get they are going for an 'old school' vibe - and I love me some old school games.  I love the old Ad&D Gold Box games and eat up iso RPGs,  But there is a difference between 'old school' and 'plain old ugly and cheap looking'.   Seriously, look at old-school type games like Undertale - low fidelity graphics DO NOT mean that it should look bad - Diablo, Fallout, all of those old school games had charm, lots of effort was put into how they looked and presented the story even with the limited technogy of the time.  This attention gave them a unique and appealing appearance which still holds up today....  A game released emulating them in 2015 shouldn't look significantly worse.  Saying your game is 'old-school' and 'not about the graphics' is not an excuse to release a game that looks like garbage that you obviously didn't spend much time on or put any effort into the presentation.  If you are going to do that then avoid graphics all together.  This would have been better as a MUD, to be honest.  I might have enjoyed it.I get that this game isn't about the graphics, but It just looks awful, the UI hurts my eyes, the sprites look like they were made in ten minutes (your character doesn't even have a unique sprite), the 'animations' are so low fidelity that I wonder if they spent any time on them at all.But the worst sin of all is that the text, which is the games main draw and reading is most of what you will be doing, I found it obnoxiously hard to read and the way it explodes on the screen had me constantly scrolling up to follow the wall-of-text conversations.  It's a bad way of doing it.  Seriously, hundreds of games have done 'conversation style' text well, it's inexcusable and gets old very fast.That, I think is what did it for me.  I could probably have stomached the rest of it if they had a way of reading text and having conversations with NPCs that didn't give me a headache and make me constantly have to scroll around.It's just... I don't know..  Maybe the story is awesome - that's great and I would have gotten to it if I could have stomached the awful presenation and design.   This is still supposed to be a game, after all.  If I feel like the devs didn't care about or put any effort into how they presented their product to me, I can't care about it either.Anyway I really don't like to not recommend indie games.   I feel like they are the engine of the industry and need all the support they can get.  Especially games that try to be very different like this one and deal with mature subject matter without flinching...but I just can't recommend this game."
76561198043297097,Recommended,241620,26626564,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,o0o,"If wordy detail doesn't put you off, or perhaps even entices you then you've come to the right place.Amazing value and depth for the modest price tag, clearly a labour of love.Sometimes frustrating trying to work out what to do next, but not so bad that one would abandon all hope of being able to finish it (plus there's always Google!).I'm 16 hours in and enjoying it, though it's fairly deep it isn't difficult to play once you get an hour or two into it.Recommended for old school players and those wanting more Dante than Dungeons & Dragons."
76561198035039004,Recommended,241620,33538796,Posted: 14 July,all,Atech66,If you enjoyed Divinity you will enjoy this..  its long and has depth. A very well made long and classic game. Graphics compare to D2
76561198038242808,Recommended,241620,10682286,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Falrock,Very addicting
,Not Recommended,241620,9885307,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Nemesis 2002,"No customizable keyboard, no way to pause the game with my laptop... sorry, but why do you put so much effort in such a game if it's to forget the gamer who paid for it? I really, really wanted to love it though."
76561197975306493,Not Recommended,241620,11445475,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Affable Bridge Troll,"Beautifull artwork, enjoyable storyline, poorly thought-out combat design. Particularly irritating side-quest design.Example: You've talked to every named NPC in town except one. That last NPC offers a side-quest. Now you have to talk to all of the named NPC's once again to glean information about the quest. Imagine having to do this for every single quest;  Compounding irritation as you walk across town over and over and over again. This is required for every side-quest I had encountered in the first town.Combat mechanics are just as irritating. The stamina stat exists solely to enforce spamming of both stamina and mana potions. Spell casting requires stamina and mana. Being struck by enemies consumes stamina. Attacking enemies consumes stamina. Stamina only regenerates out of combat, if you are not moving. You need to stand still and essentially not play the game for several minutes after each combat if you wish to regenerate stamina without potions. You can't walk back to town, or pick up loot, you can only do nothing.Potions are relatively cheap, which is good. However, you can not bulk puchase potions. Each sizeable combat scenario, or dungeon, will have you consuming tens of potions. These are purchased from the abundant vendors by dragging and dropping items across inventory screens one item at a time. Enjoyable gameplay mechanic, right? BTW, your companions will need a plethora of health potions too. Fun!TL:DR. I like the idea of this game, the art is pretty, but the core mechanics are far too irritating for me to recommend it."
,Not Recommended,241620,17958453,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"So you may have noticed that this game boasts a one-hundred hour playtime and I've only played this for about an hour before reviewing it. It might not make me qualified to give it a full review, but then again first impressions count for something, so kiss my♥♥♥♥♥Here's the first hour of Inquisitor:WELCOME TO 12TH CENTURY PROTO-ENGLAND. DEMONS ARE EVERYWHERE AND THE APOCALYPSE IS COMING. YOU'RE GONNA BE AN INVESTIGATOR, KID, SO GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥TO HILLBRANDT.Me: ♥♥♥♥ing ROCK. This is gonna be AWESOME. Hey, wait a minute - aren't there supposed to be more skills for, you know, investigating things? All I see are a bunch of proto-Baldur's Gate skills.GUARDS: HALT, INQUISITOR. WE'D LOVE TO LET YOU INTO HILLBRANDT SO YOU CAN GET TO ALL THE COOL DEMON SUMMONING STUFF.Me: Why do I shuffle like I've had The Pear permanently shoved up my♥♥♥♥♥GUARDS: NOT OUR FAULT. WE NEED YOU TO KILL TEN BATS BEFORE YOU CAN ENTER.Me: ...what.GUARDS: YOU WANT IN OR NOT?Me: ...fine. (SHUFFLES OFF TO KILL BATS)(TWENTY MINUTES LATER)Me: You ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s! You lied to me! This is just a ♥♥♥♥♥ier Diab -GUARDS: You missed one.Me: ...♥♥♥♥. Back in a moment.(TEN MINUTES LATER)Me: You ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s! You lied to me! This is just a ♥♥♥♥♥ier Diablo!GUARDS: YOU HAVE COMPLETED THY QUEST, AND CAN ENTER HILLBRANDT.Me: ♥♥♥♥ you!CITIZENS OF HILLBRANDT: (LOUD WALL OF MUMBLING)Me: What? I can't hear you. All of your dialogue is being funneled through a small box in the center of my screen.CITIZENS OF HILLBRANDT: (MUMBLING INTENSIFIES)Me: Jesus God, someone actually took the time to write and translate all this. How do I get out of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ user interface? I don't care if the game started development in 1999, I need more real estate for all this dialogue!CITIZENS OF HILLBRANDT: (MUMBLING NOT UNLIKE A LOUD 185 DECIBEL ROAR)Me: ♥♥♥♥ HELP I'M DROWNING SAVE MEGUARDS: WE NEED YOU TO KILL SOME MORE BATSSo if you want me to review the other 99 hours of this game, please feel free to contact me in order to set up a payment plan. Because cash dollars are the only reason I would ever consider booting up this ♥♥♥♥ing game again. That or if I run out of sleeping pills."
,Not Recommended,241620,8955453,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,brismithejedi,"Please don't get this game.  I don't care how cheap it is.  If you're like me, you will be pulled in by the ""old-school"" nature, the art, and the story.  Sadly, that's all the game has going for it.  The story and setting are great, including the art.  However, if that's all I wanted then I would read a book or watch a movie.  A game is ALSO about gameplay and this game has terrible and infuriating gameplay.The investigation is the best part of gameplay, but you never have any clues other than just talk to everyone. Plus, sometimes you feel you have enough evidence to convict someone, but the game doesn't.  So you have to continue just randomly wandering around and talking to people until you finally hear what you need to hear to be able to accuse the person.Combat is the WORST.  It can't make up it's mind if it wants to do Diablo-style gameplay or Baldur's Gate so it ends up combining the worst of both and ending up worse than almost any game I've played.  You will die - A LOT.  Not because you're not using a good strategy, but because the game is exremely unbalanced.  Combat is terrible, yet there are so many dungeons in the game that you must wade through that it becomes so tedious that I finally just had to stop.  There is NOTHING good about combat.Towards the middle of Act II, I did something that I've rarely done in my 25+ years of gaming - I cheated.  Not since using the Game Genie on Battletoads or the infamous Konami code on Contra have I had to do this.  Sadly, there are no good cheats so I just gave myself lots of EXP and maxed out attributes and hoped that would be enough for me to just breeze through the tedious dungeons so I could just finish the game.  Well, I got as far as Act III and then there were the number of dungeons in Act I and II times 10!  I got so close to the end, but I just couldn't do it any longer.  I quit - I watched the ending on Youtube and will uninstall it and hope to never look at it again.Pros:-Story-Setting-Art-Parts of the investigation gameplayCons:-Unclear goals/lack of direction-Combat - which could be overlooked if there wasn't so much that was required-Dungeon design - beautiful, but huge and since combat is terrible, they're just tedious.  I got lost in several of them because I just didn't know what to click randomly to open the way.-Did I mention the terrible click, wait, and die combat?-Unbalanced enemies-Combat, Combat, Combat, COMBAT"
,Recommended,241620,32408204,Posted: 14 June,all,RoyalGuardian7,This game used to have most negative reviews but now people like it. Well done mang.
76561197995631533,Not Recommended,241620,8904922,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Talon,"The atmosphere and story are enjoyable, but the combat is just terrible.  It's very slow and mostly involves you chugging potions like you are addicted to them.  I've played Diablo, where you have to chug potions fairly often as well, and this is worse than that.  Much.  Much Worse.  If you do get this, I suggest playing it on easy so that you can get the fighting out the way faster and get to the parts of the game that are okay."
,Not Recommended,241620,9374025,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Teemo-Senpai,"I want 15 minutes of my life back. This game was, while somewhat hilarious to watch in action, absolutely terrible. If you can sit through horrible everything, it may get better farther in, but it sets a terrible first impression with terrible voice-acting, animations, story, and worst of all horrible gameplay. While it was a Diablo-Like, it felt more tedious than any other I've played. If you're a masochist, I recommend this game, otherwise please stay away."
76561198043803717,Not Recommended,241620,11312207,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Raven-Nebula,I agree with you Cyn0sure.
76561198012218180,Not Recommended,241620,13092922,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Drake,Good story. Horrible gameplay.
,Recommended,241620,10837919,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SlipGate,I can't wait to loose my job and spend some time with this game it seems that good...
76561198005840737,Not Recommended,241620,17165964,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,derseren,"Game seemed decent until I got to the first dungeon. Lots of grinding on the way, finally get in there and it's LOOOOONG. The difficulty levels in this game change without warning. You'll be having an ok time one second and then out of nowhere 3-4 goblin shamans will start spamming wall of flame and take out your whole party within literally one second. You can't control your party members. They run blindly into combat and chase fleeing enemies right into enemy lines.If you get poisoned you pretty much have to leave the dungeon and walk all the way back to town for a healer. This will happen every time you see a spider.Finally I decided to just use console commands to make my dude OP so i could at least enjoy the story.Nope. Still the same problem. You get one second killed even when you're double the normal level for the dungeon you're in. I'm sorry, I tried to like this game, but I'm out."
,Not Recommended,241620,10571989,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ruzar Falzon,"I have a phrase: It's called ""Diablo Clone"".Diablo was groundbreaking. It was difficult enough to keep you interested, had good, simple mechanics, and story enough to hold onto you. Sure, Diablo was to grind as Congress is to gridlocked, but story and loot were enough to pull you in and keep you playing. Who WOULDN'T like that?Well, like any game type, it has good clones and bad ones. Good clone? Path of Exile. Bad clone? Inquisitor.Gameplay and Story are made to serve each other, insofar as if one fails, so does the other. Bioware titles carried the weight of their stories with solid mechanics. In opposition is Inquisitor. I hear the writing of this story is great, and that it is second to none. However, balance is in desperate need in this game. The story has the makings of a great power-hungry-plot-twisty-not-going-to-be-a-happy-ending vibe to it (much like Diablo), but considering the starting enemies (bats) will kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you are not careful (and that's level 1), you are going to have a long road to hoe, and it's not going to be pleasant or, you know, fun. Diablo and Path of Exile don't throw you into the snake pit, they ease you in. Because unless you have a better strategy than ""Stand, slash, win, health potion, repeat"", you're going to lose. A lot.Maybe I haven't tricked out my character properly with the right stats, or I am currently going about strategy wrong, but when it comes to grind heavy, stat based games like Inquisitor, I shouldn't be trying to find out ways to alter player stats. Difficulty is fine (hell, Dark Souls and Mount & Blade are some of my favorite games), but if done wrong, especially in a grind heavy game like Inquisitor, it's a game killer. Which is a shame, because now I won't experience what I have heard is a great story."
,Recommended,241620,22835431,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Dr. Jester - wubba lubba dub dub,Amazingly well written!
,Not Recommended,241620,13249645,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,"""Captain"" Hair","Plenty of excellent written dialogue but the game is broken. it's not even mediocre. It's awful.One of your first encounters is a spider. A very common enemy. After defeating my first spider, I noticed my character's health rapidly depleting - OH NO - I check my bags - chug a healing potion....but it's no good. The potion goes right out the hole in my stomach where the spider stung me. 80-90 seconds later I'm *dead* Are you kidding me? I'm dead in the first 3-4 minutes of gameplay? I check the internets for a cure to this spider venom, sure enough there is no cure. You have to learn a spell - but it's a level 2-3 tier spell which you can't get until much later in the game. And every cave you go into, heck even in random forests - you will encounter spiders.The shops are so ridiculous I burst out laughing after I realized what I was dealing with. I am going to play out a scenario in the game for you:You walk in to a thrift store and you are looking for a pair of headphones and you ask the shop owner if you have any - ""Sorry we are all out"" says the blue-shirted employee. You nod. And then ask him again. He again tells you he does not have headphones. Determined you ask him a third time. He replies ""we have three in stock... But you don't have enough money"". Unsatisfied with his selection you ask him again if he has headphones. He replies he has no headphones at all including the three he just showed you. You ask again, finally he reveals to you that he has a pair of used headphones and they are cheap give you a bonus to your health points if you wear it. You buy it. You ask him again out of curiousity to see if he's holding out on you - this time he has headphones that are not used and are slightly better than the ones you just paid for.Thats right, every single time you check a shop keepers inventory it changes. You could potentially sit there for hours until you see the scroll, sword, shield, whatever you want appear. You don't have to walk out the door to check, you simply click to speak to speak to him again.Speaking of headphones, don't wear them while playing this game. Music and sound effects are so bad your brain will explode. The startup screen song sounds like a 5-year-old playing on a keyboard. Afte  you start you get to keep listening to it over and over and over again. The bats, zombies, ghosts, spiders make painful squeals and grunts as you hit them. You will always hear them before you see them which is good because if there are spiders you'll be running for your life because if you get poisoned, your as good as dead. The only way you could sanely play this game is if you turned off the audio completely - too bad you need to hear for spiders. Seriously, if your freaked out by spiders this game won't help.The monsters: 1/10Where are all the demons? Witches? Why am I fighting orcs, zombies, ghosts, and SPIDERS (hate those things). I played the game for 20 hours, got nearly to the end of the first chapter and was completely unsatisified with the selection of enemies. How about a possessed man attacking me? Maybe imps? Witches?  IDK - this is the scariest you can think of? The safest way to fight any mob in this game is to get your quickness skill up and run away while firing your short supply of arrows.The story: ?/10If you can't play the game, what difference does the story make. That's like a writer handing you all of the pages of his new book, out of order, and dirty from sitting the the backseat of his Buick Skyhawk. There will be better reviews on the story from people who can play this game.Your companions: 5/10You gain followers but if they die, they are dead until you gain a resurrect spell. So make sure you quick save every five seconds. All it takes is a quick spider bite. I only recruited I believe 3 companions in my time playing this game. There are a few more. They have little tiny stories but other than that.The classesMy biggest complaint is with mages. They created specializions that are really hard to remember. And when you buy scrolls to learn spells you have to buy for that specializtion to be used. I remember I bought the one that is suppose to make me posion resistant but then found out, it only does it a small percentage and got posioned by a spider anyways and had to chug 2-3 health potions.Back to the spider - so if you get stung, you literally have to wait nearly 3-4 minutes for the poison effect to wear off. Which means, automatic death if you get stung, there is no way to avoid not drinking multiple potions. Potions can get expensive so I recommend fleeing to church and let the priests free heal you instead of sucking down expensive potions.Boss battles and combat strategy 1/10The trick here is simple. Summon a genie, ask him for protection. He will summon a spirit and it will do all the fighting and kill everything on screen including the boss. No need to get your hands dirty. This is not a joke. You can try to fight but you are so limited in combat options that it comes down to this - brute force and running away while fighting. Everytime. And if you don't have it or the space to run away (and  you won't) you will be dead in seconds. I hope you quick saved. Demon Souls isn't even this unforgiving.I suggest you fight the same 5 random zombies, bats, and spiders till you make enough gold to buy good equipment that gives you an experience boost. Then keep farming till you are at a much higher level. So if you see a spider, you can shoot it dead in a shot or two instead of 6-30 shots.I can't recommend this game and unless you want to play a bad game for laughs but if you do play, do me a favor and kill a spider for me."
76561198082687413,Not Recommended,241620,16674002,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,wrhunter,"If you can endure the terrible ui (oh my eyes),  if you can accept tons of bugs, if you can quit then enter the game again and again just becasue the memory leak, if you just want to read a detective novel, you can chooes this game."
,Not Recommended,241620,15188345,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Baktanfuli,"Any game that cant figure out how to handle something as basic as mouse control, can never get recommended.If you have a special mouse like a Logitech 700, you cant play this game, the mouse will lag so bad, youll give up before you are past the chracter creation screen."
76561197993291004,Not Recommended,241620,18213140,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Devourer of Souls,"crappy game, if you want this type of rpg buy divine divinity or beyond divinity instead alot better. this was slow and with more or less no directions at all"
76561198027573850,Not Recommended,241620,20700770,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Qanto,This game looks fun to play but i cannot recommend it for it somehow combines MOUSE ACCELERATION with menu buttons that are the size of approximately 3 pixels.
,Not Recommended,241620,14786690,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Fuck S͘team,"i wish it were good.released years ago and still so many basic problems im sorry that i ever paid money for it.have to play in 800x600 or else the UI is so small you cant see anything or click on anything.but when you set it to 800x600 it doesnt scale things properly so most of your spell/item slots are pushed off the screen along with the inventory/game menu buttons etc.supposedly was in development for ten years. if thats actually true i feel sorry for the devs who have spent so much of their time creating something so infantile and pathetic. seems more like it was in development for ten days.ive been playing crpgs since eye of the beholder on the snes so im not totally clueless to these issues. 3 classes, cant choose skills or weapon proficiencies for any of them. leveling consists of upgrading 1 of 10 or so skills you can never change. plot/storyline full of holes and unexplained things. dice rolls are ♥♥♥♥ed up and weird whereby bats are killing the guards of cities. your character feels pre-made essentially. the game dictates to you how you should play it and you are not allowed to deviate from this set path. the six types of magic have absolutely no distinction between them: ""Divine Magic"", ""Magic of True Faith"", ""Magic of Miracles"", ""Inquisitorial Magic"", ""Heretical Magic"", ""Pagan Magic"". it doesnt really seem to matter which ones you choose, you can do it with your eyes closed or while looking the either direction, because the descriptions of what they do are almost identical. just depends if you want to be ""evil"" or ""good"", something that is determined by a mass effect style slider in the center of the character menu. you are at the very least allowed to set your attributes although this has a very blunted effect on the actual game. a char with 5 strength and a char with 20 strength dont have that much difference in unarmed.♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198000262378,Not Recommended,241620,10018343,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Michael,More text than war and peace. Silly old swing timer based combat.
76561197992111055,Not Recommended,241620,9076937,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,safetake,"Awesome story, terrible, broken combat/spell casting."
76561198038304470,Not Recommended,241620,15061072,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,BishopWalrus,.
76561198012962211,Not Recommended,241620,15635489,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Tallowhand,"Bugged beyond all belief, completely counter-intuitive to play, but fun when it works."
76561198089401473,Not Recommended,241620,11155827,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,redlink13,"I don't know what I expected. This game is a little to confusing for me. But hey, I bought it for $0.99 so... There is most likely somethong cool in this game but its hard to understand. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,241620,12504872,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Bitterman,Constant CTD after character selection screen.
,Not Recommended,241620,24969741,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DIGI,"I want my money back, finally gotten time to sit down to this and I was greeted with an over-saturated pixel game of a slow walking tombstone that doesn't even have synced animations.I love a Good RPG, specially an old one and this one looked promising.This is not, the developers really should be ashamed.corners were cut in development, graphically and mechanically. and it gave an underwelming performance that left me chasing bats in a tutorial phase.the story might be good, the mystery and world maybe fleshed out, but whats the point if the main character and combat mechanics are this bad?"
76561198074721767,Recommended,241620,32498093,Posted: 17 June,all,quakeman,"good game, work of art :)"
,Not Recommended,241620,13606579,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,TheGodFather,I don’t know... Just did not do it for me. I was expecting something like divine divinity and got a big steaming turd pile instead.
76561197988503542,Not Recommended,241620,7827091,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,EnderofCake,It's Diablo with creepy religion. Diablo one actually runs smoother and this game has way too much ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dialogue that gets boring after about an hour.
76561198001915811,Not Recommended,241620,8957309,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,dominic.saltarelli,"Good luck finding that last bat.Spent a full half hour just trying to get into town, but no. There's BATS out there. Or I should say, at least one... somewhere. Canvassed the whole map as best I could, killed maybe a dozen bats. Not good enough for Mr. gate guard. Screw this, I'm done."
76561198030060580,Not Recommended,241620,17576386,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,♥♥♥♥ing the worst game ever they had 10 years to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥i guess beacause this game looks sounds and plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ i would recommend this game if you love anal and your a dude.
76561197979445063,Recommended,241620,32552544,Posted: 18 June,all,NerdsHalfLife,Awesome Game on my to do list!
,Not Recommended,241620,23269425,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,M⌬rtius,>Launches game to farm the trading cards>Feelsgood.jpg>Hears high screeching noise from intro>Has ear seizures>Makes trip to doctor>Doctor says I have ear cancer>Has 3 months left to liveBasically don't buy this game unless you're planning on dying soon. If the intro is that painful I don't want to know what the actual game is like......
76561198026912553,Not Recommended,241620,29820527,Posted: 10 February,all,Handsome Bob,Don't purchase this game!
,Recommended,241620,7719536,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,zuG,This game is in Dire need of a mod
,Recommended,241620,280672,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Hey!  I'm walkin' here!,"A hate letter from 1998 filled with inexplicable design choices, such as removing control of your mouse cursor for 60 seconds when relatively common enemies cast spells on you.  Overall, this game is aggressively annoying."
,Recommended,241620,9833969,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"The game where everyone forgets to introduce themselves... lolMany people already sayd that this game is not good, but it's also good.Bad graphics, stiff and a little broken. Also annoying that maps has not a faint idea of waypoints.BUT, there´s something really good in this game that I can't quite put the finger on.Something in the dirty air reminds me of The Whitcher (best rpg), and the inquisition context plus the ramifications offered by the chose class has some appeal too.Mechanics are accetable, fun to loot and sensible powers... makes me imagine what it could be with more artworking.Hope this isn't dead."
,Not Recommended,241620,11272596,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,revrond,"For the most part of what I have played, there is a lot of backtracking talking to people.You the player can figure out what is going on before your character has the ""proofs"".Combat is tedius, and time consuming.  There is no indicator for how you ""stack up"" against an enemy.Getting poisioned sucks sh*t, you can slow it; but as most agree you HAVE to have a NPC ""heal"" you.(or your minions)The choices to help a NPC or not limit you to yes or no, there is no, ""not at this time"", or ""later"" option.The journal is nice except, it doesn't help you as in listing locations of where items might be foundas told by a NPC.  It will just tell you that you talked to a NPC, or a NPC is suspect.The only thing that I do praise it for is the graphics are excellent, for the gaming world that your character is in."
76561198090530369,Recommended,241620,18410050,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,DAKING,"Good story, bad combat. Its a love-or-hate game.I personally liked it, but the button mashing was horrible.Buy this only if you don't have a good RPG to play."
76561198026788105,Recommended,241620,3737282,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,BongLoader,"This is a great game. If you liked Diablo, Baldurs Gate type rpg's then you'll love this. Very well made in-depth game that has that olde' rpg feel."
,Recommended,241620,21451162,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,hammerfest451,"Compared to other posters, I haven't gotten that far.  But in the little bit of time I've played I've arrested heretics, tortured them, and condemned them to death.  Granted this could've possibly messed up the game, but oh well, I'm a cleric on a mission for the Mother Church, and they confessed after many hours of torture.Be prepared for a difficult campaign.  This game is intense, and is very HARD....especially compared to those triple-A titles passing for RPGs today.  Those games are a cakewalk.  This...this is a nightmare. :shudders:There is a lot of reading involved, so if you don't like to read, sorry.  Also, if you don't read everything you come across, you'll find that you missed important information and now you're stumbling along blind without a clue as to what to do next.  (I did this...and the quest objectives are of no help at all)....Also, if you don't grind just right, and level your skills just right...well, apparently the Mother Church was wrong in sending you out.  You obviously♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off God somewhere...because you'll be dead in a ditch somewhere, and the people won't even have the common courtesy to come along and give you a decent burial.  How about that for a bunch of heretics??10/10 would find everyone a heretic."
,Recommended,241620,22398323,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Brunswick,Good game.
,Recommended,241620,31683565,Posted: 11 May,all,alpineracine,"Yes I would recommend it. it looks awesome, but i can't get it to work in win 10/creators update. first i tried to verify the integrity of the game cache. it said all the files were verified. i tried to go into the game files manually, even and see if i had to install an older version of Direct X, which i tried to do, but when i start the game from Steam, either way, first the screen goes black, which i expect it to for a full screen game, but then it puts a black box in the upper lefthand corner of the screen. how do i play the game? I have a very new HP computer that can handle this game... and i would love to play a game that was 10 years in the making and it looks great, but i'm having trouble getting it running. all the other steam games work, including the ones that came with this bundle. it says i have deluxe version (update).... which i purchased on steam in a bundle... now.. something's wrong here with the game starting... can you please get back to me on this? I'd love to play this game. It looks like the best game in the bundle deal. but it's the only one that doesn't work!!! :/ i'm not mad. nor do i doubt the greatness of the game. i just want it to work... maybe it needs a better setup option? to work with my system's configuration? here's what i'm working with:HP - ENVY Desktop - Intel Core i7 - 16GB Memory - 2TB Hard Drive - Brushed Aluminum"
76561198035158750,Recommended,241620,31493741,Posted: 1 May,all,studmuffin,"Have to admit i found this game difficult and awkward to play.Saying that though it really is a good game.The gfx are poor but the story is outstanding.If you get yourself past the first few hours of the game you tend to forget about how the game looks and really start enjoying yourself.Loads of puzzles,quests,classes.You can't really ask for more.I bought this on GOG and that is where i spent most of my time playing this.Enjoy.For the price it's a bargain."
