user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198123412640,Recommended,241600,12756694,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sam Lilly,"I first played Rogue Legacy at a friend's place, trading off the controller at each death. It wasn't much, but it got me instantly hooked on how fun it was. So hooked, that I downloaded Steam, bought the game for the full $15, and bought a $30 wired Xbox 360 controller... and I don't even have any Xboxes. All this for this one game... and it was worth it.Rogue Legacy plays like Castlevania and Super Ghouls N Ghosts. You move, jump, attack, and use a secondary weapon. The uniqueness comes into play when you die, which you will... a lot. Once you die, you will be brought to a selection of three hiers to play as next. Each one has a random character class, secondary weapon, and set of traits. Classes determine certain stats and abilities. Secondary weapons, or spells as they are called, use up MP. That's all pretty basic stuff. But the traits are very interesting. Some traits are helpful, like a speed increase. Others are harmful, like giving your attacks no enemy knockback. And some are just... well... neutral things... like making everything black and white. Your heirs have a chance of having two, one, or none of the traits at random. With all the random factors, you have to really get lucky... or pick the lesser of three evils. Is getting your prefered class worth the traits? Are the spells to your liking? It also makes you think about the next area... skills.After selecting your heir, you are then brought to a skill tree. You inhereit the gold of your dead relatives I guess, and you can spend it on upgrading all kinds of things, from stats, to passives, to new character classes. Do you want to build up a magic or melee character? Maybe focus on a specific class? Or do you want to play it safe and try to build up well rounded skills to work with the random factos? It's a lot to consider when purchasing points in the skill tree. And be careful. Every time you buy an upgrade in the skill tree, all of the others become more expensive. So plan accordingly. And try not to spend it all in one place because...... there's another screen. Yes, another screen where you can do even more character customization. IF you buy them in the skill tree, you can open up three different shops outside the caslte: The blacksmith, the enchantress, and the architect. The blacksmith sells you armor and swords with different stats and perks, but you'll need to find the blueprints first so he knows how to make them first... some blacksmith, eh? The enchantress does roughly the same thing. She sells you enchantment of your armor and sword after you've found the appropriate runes. The big difference is that the blacksmith's wares have weight, meaning you can only carry certain pieces until your carrying capacity improves, while the runes are weightless. It give you lots of customization options between the two and the skill tree. The architect has only one purpose. He locks down the castle. The levels are randomly generated every time enter, but if you agree to give the architect a percentage of your gold on the current life, he will lock down the previous map so that you are not lost in a random new place. This can be helpful for retrying bosses, but be warned. Enemies will be back, chests will cannot be reopened, and as mentioned your gold gain is reduced for this entire life. So consider it for saving time and getting around.Lastly, at the gates of the castle, you are faced with Charon, the gatekeeper. He will allow you to enter at the cost of all of your gold. This is where a lot of the motivation is built for the game. You'll want to spend as much gold as possible between the skill tree and the shops since you'll be losing it all anyway. You can't simply keep amassing gold over a number of lives. If you want a nice, expensive upgrade, you'd better not die and keep getting that gold. It's a nice way to give death some gravity, as getting upgrades and new characters already seems like REWARDING you for dying, and that needed to be checked and balanced somehow.The basic goal is to become strong enough to survive the four areas, beat their bosses, and then defeat the final boss. There are lots of cool extra things to find along the way, like super bosses, passive items, challenge rooms, and even some cool secrets here and there. The game CAN become grindy, and if you don't enjoy grinding, then you might get a little upset at the difficulty. However, you always have the option to not buy anything and just try to beat the challenges old school style. Nothing bars you from doing so. So it's a nice duality. The game also goes from being a platformer in the earlier stages to being more akin to a bullet hell in the later ones. Master your movements, improve your aim, and pick your battles.No game is perfect, so I had a few complaints. My main gripe with the game, though it's not a HUGE one, is that it doesn't really give you much incentive to stay alive. There's the thrill of getting more gold to get more upgrades, but eventually you'll want to keep dying so you can actually purchase and USE the upgrades. The only reason you'll want to NOT die, aside from adding to your gold count, is to beat a boss or, in the case of the final boss, beat the game. There are a good number of different room layouts and enemy combinations within, plus the challenge rooms the pop up now and then. However, after playing for so many hours, especially if you're like me and get really grindy with it, you'll start to recognize all the room types repeating. Even though the four areas are supposed to be different, they are all pretty similar. They have the same room types with different skins, more or less. And the enemies aren't really all that different between areas. They're mostly just more powerful versions of previous enemies in the harder areas, with maybe one or two new ones added. More variety would've helped, but there's already a lot of different things to deal with that it may be too complex to have more of everything, so I understand. Also, there weren't a lot of instances of this, but a handful of times I found weird floor glitches where gold fell through and I couldn't get it. That, and every once in a while my character would fall through and start randomly appearing in all the adjacent rooms for a few seconds. Nothing game breaking nor frequent, but a little spooky when they happened. Also... the music will wear away your sanity, but then again, so will anything when you play the game as much as I have.There are lots of customization options, lots of random elements, lots of strategy involved, lots of skill required... and lots of hours of playtime and replayability in this game. I got 96 hours in my first playthrough. I love Rogue Legacy. The gameplay, the music, the sound, the graphics... everything comes together to make a game that feels like it was made for ME. It's the first time since Banjo-Kazooie that a game has felt like it was made just for me. It's an amazing feeling, and I can't recommend this game enough. Easily my favorite game on Steam and has instantly worked its way into being one of my favorite games of all time. I'd really say to just buy it now. Sure, you can wait for a sale if you're skeptical... or cheap. But it's definitely worth the $15 price tag. I mean, I ended up esentially putting down $45 to play this game, and it was well worth it.10/10 Would complete entire skill tree again(And yes, I seriously did that. How else do you think I got 96 hours in one playthrough?)https://youtu.be/ZTX-HSnenSU"
,Recommended,241600,14089775,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,cymptom,"11:00 PMOh crap, I died. That was hard.But, I got some gold. Now I can unlock that new class.One more run to test it out.------11:17 PMDamn, dead again. But I found blueprints for an awesome looking sword.One more run, just to get enough gold to unlock that sword.------11:31 PMDead, but I'm kinda glad because I can't wait to buy this sword.(I could probably sleep an extra 30 minutes and take the 7:50 train to work. I'll bike fast.)One more run, just to see if I can one-shot enemies now.------11:50 PMThat was awesome. It only takes me one hit to kill those guys now, which means I'm getting gold twice as fast.Also, I found the boss room!One more run, just to see if upgraded defense gives me the edge I need over the boss.------11:54 PMThank god that character is dead. She was wack.There's no way anyone could play with everything upside down like that.One more run, with a proper character.------12:12 AM%#*@!! SO CLOSE. One more hit and that boss was TOAST.Wonder what happens when you beat him.One more run. This is the one.------12:20 AMOk. Not even gonna make it back to the boss room if I don't take it a bit slower than that.One more run. THIS is the one.------12:40 AMBOOOOM! That was glorious. Slaughtered the boss and got soo much money.Enough to try out some of these runes I unlocked.Not sure what ""vampirism"" does, but surely I'm a total beast now.One more run.------1:05 AMHoly crap. HP regain on kill means longer runs, and more gold.Stack a few more of these vampirism runes and I WILL LIVE FOREVER!!!Muah hah hah hahhhh!------1:09 AMOk, still gotta be careful.One more run. Relax a bit this time.------1:40 AMOMG so much gold and I found vampire gear! There's vampire gear.Let's try it o--Ah crap, I need a little more gold to upgrade my max weight capacity first.One more run. Just gotta grab 4325 gold and die so I can check this out.------2:22 AMMan, what an awesome run! I was unstoppable.If I hadn't been so greedy I probably could have taken down the forest boss.One more run, just to test out this vampire armor.------2:45 AMThe forest is mine and after I spend this huge pile of gold I am gonna be an absolute monster.Holy crap it's 2:45 AM. Alright.One more-- it's not a ""run""-- just gotta see how strong my attack is now.------3:12 AMIf this new sword will let me one-shot some of the enemies in The Maya, I can do this real quick for sure.Not with this mage character though.One sec...------3:30 AMUsing magic actually seems kinda fun. Maybe I shouldn't have ignored all the magic stats.This pot of gold goes to them.Woahh a whole new part of the tree became available! What is that mystery class?!3945 to unlock.3945.------3:40 AMI definitely should not have wandered into that part of the castle. Yet.3945.------4:04 AMThe Maya is mine! I guess I'm supposed to go to battle in that scary underworld area now.Oh yeah, that class! Unlocked.Gotta die real quick so I can test it out.------4:26 AMMade it further than I expected in the underworld. A few more gear upgrades should make it doable.Holy crap I can play as adragon?!?!This is gonna be awesome.------4:34 AMWeak.Oh god.It's 4:30 AM.I hate myself.------10/10You'll learn to forgive yourself."
,Recommended,241600,2910330,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Mario Dan,"This game can be a great choice if you fullfit these conditions:1. You like ""Grinding"" Games like Monster Hunter.2. You like exploration games like Metroid.3. You like Random-Procedure levels like Binding of Isaac.4. You like challenging games like Dark Souls.This game have a ending, but apprently is infinite, each time you beat the game it get harder but there is a plenty of items or perks to improve your character for a long time.A gamepad is advisable for better enjoyment of this game."
,Recommended,241600,2380761,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,"this game allows me to play as a gay colorblind dwarf, which makes me feel at home (that's what i identify as and am seeking hormonal treatment to realize). 10/10"
,Recommended,241600,32097399,Posted: 31 May,all,Sunny Elephant,"First thing is first, this is one of those games where if you don't have a controller, then you are going to have a terrible time, so make sure you have one before purchasing or playing. Rogue Legacy is very fun and the game becomes easier as your characters become stronger and you become better at the game. Some of the characters traits are very strange and funny at first but eventually just become a pain, who wants to play upside down. The game has a solid sound track is a lot of fun, easy to jump in and out of, and isn't a huge time consumer. Plus once you finish the game you can play new game plus, where the game scales up and becomes more difficult. Rogue Legacy is great fun I would grab it if you are looking for a good time and have a controller handy."
,Recommended,241600,7766431,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Provencal le Gaulois,"Just an overall excellent roguelike. If you loved The Binding of Isaac, you will love Rogue Legacy. It's the same kind of procedural try-and-die, where every death you feel like ""Damn no I can do better"" and you try again, and again and again.The persistant upgrades make it really worth your while, and the various funny traits give a refreshing turn to each play.Also the OST rocks."
,Recommended,241600,16950525,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Toxic League,"I hated Rogue Legacy for the first hour. I repeatedly threw around swear words at my computer every time I instantly died to anything and everything I touched. I kept wondering how a game could be this hard. Then I started figuring out the enemy patterns which led to not dying as much, allowing me to accumulate a little extra gold here and there to buy upgrades which are passed down to my children. Soon I wasn't instantly dying anymore and I was able to explore further into the castle. Rinse and repeat this cycle for many hours and I eventually became a bad♥♥♥♥♥rouge and slayed all the bosses and grabbed all their loot and achieved epic awesomeness. Two thumbs up."
,Recommended,241600,215317,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Masakari,"A roguelike with a good sense of progression, courtesy of an upgrade system that moves with you as you die.  Unlike a lot of other games, you'll always restart with a little more power or abilities and a better chance of surviving longer each time.The trait system is really interesting, and balances between good and bad enough that sometimes you just have to chose something like being farsighted in order to get the class you want."
,Recommended,241600,7746799,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dyvone,"Rogue Legacy is probably one of the best indie games to release in 2013. It invokes a certain level of nostalgia while still being able to feel modern. In the game, dying is permanent. But your current character passes down his fortune and stats to an heir when he dies. That heir then picks up where their mother/father left off. And just like in life, your characters have traits; some whacky like Irritable Bowel Syndrome and Vertigo, while others require serious skill like Giantism and Anorexia. The controls are a bit tricky with mouse and keyboard. Personally I recommend to use a PNP 360 controller. The soundtrack is very fitting and if you don't enjoy a track, hunt out the jukebox in a randomized room and change the selection. If you enjoy Castlevania-esque games, this game is definitely for you.Overlord's Greatest Stamp of Approval 10/10"
,Recommended,241600,18319378,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ixo,"This game is like cocaine.I always tell myself just one more, then im done. I'll do homework. I'll sleep. I'll eat something.But you know what? That last death was cheap, I'll do one more to make up for it. I just need 1000 gold for that upgrade, I'll just do one more to get it. Always just one more.Things I like:+The RPG elements are well done. -- As you gain gold you can purchase upgrades, which also build a castle. As you build it further, you unlock more upgrades. It is a very satisfying spin on upgrades. Additionally there is a good variety of gear and runes which allow for some really interesting build options+The game is witty and has flavor. -- there are various conditions your new characters can have such as being blind, gay or having a fear of chickens, amongst many, many others. Dying is in this sense, pretty fun. On top of that there are many elements of the game that just give it a certain charm.+The controls are very tight -- this game has good controls. It's easy to do what you want, which is good because it's very tough and you will die a lot.What I didn't like:- The bosses in new game plus don't get harder -- As you progress into new game + or ++ or +++ and beyond, the bosses don't scale well, despite the general enemies leveling up to basically become bosses themselves. Not a huge deal, but it's the only negative I have.Then at some point you realize you've beaten the game, Thankfully there is a new game plus.Maybe just one more playthrough..."
,Recommended,241600,10518838,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Zuluf,"In a sea of permadeath progression games, Rogue Legacy hits a really cool and versatile niche that both hardcore enthusiasts and newcomers can enjoy. Whichever protagonist you choose out of three randomised options, know this: you will die eventually, be it to traps, minibosses, the area-bosses or the varying fauna in any of the four zones you must explore. Fear not, however, because your family's lineage will be furthered by each respawn, and the gold you hoard on every adventure can be spent on stats and equipment improval. Every run is different, and both the personal traits of your heroes (varying from drawbacks such as myopia to perks like regaining mana from breaking miscellaneous items) and the ever-shifting dungeon architecture get randomised into interesting scenarios that demand different approaches, clever tactics and quick reflexes. Alternate boss fights, New Game+ content and hidden classes will add quite a few hours to an incredibly addictive experience coated in a toon fantasy setting that looks pretty much like a cross between Prehistorik and Castlevania.Buy it if you:Enjoy indie Metroidvania titles with RPG elements sewn inLike riding the line between dying and progressionPrefer light humor and nostalgic sidescrolling misadventures to the cinematic polish of modern AAA titlesDO NOT buy it if you:Get easily frustrated and think dodging should be done via quick-time eventsExpect an elaborate narrativeWant 3D in your games"
,Recommended,241600,12667357,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Carwinyr,Me and my girlfriend didn't have any sex in june because we played this game all the time.10/10 would become celibate again.
,Recommended,241600,8553162,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bisamråtta,"Well, what can I say? This game is a must-have for every rogue-like-2D-action-tons-of-fun-amazing-replayability lover - ""Rogue Legacy"" provides it all. Randomly generated levels, challenging enemies, simple but interesting story - it's all here.What I should mention explicitly - this game has almost perfect balance. I can't remember many of such balanced games. Each game run provides you with a new level of toughness, which is totally beatable by your skills (they grow really fast while you are playing this). You must prepare for a slow and lazy start because you don't collect much gold in the beginning but when you'll beat the game once, you'll fall in love with it, I guarantee. My recipe of success was Lich King/Queen and then Traitor. What's yours?"
,Recommended,241600,17308368,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Captain Awesome,"Someone asked me what kind of special powers my gay knight had. Apparently, saying ""nothing"" makes people ask if they are just like ""normal knights"".Maybe that's the point."
,Recommended,241600,14541393,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Enthony,"Some mad scientist took an old-school action platformer like Megaman or Ghosts n Goblins, made it roguelike, then threw in RPG elements such as levelling and loot/gear.  The result is Rogue Legacy.8/10 - but beware its brutal and addictive."
,Recommended,241600,12884268,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,fenster,"Rogue Legacy is a 2D platforming action game by Cellar Door Games, an independent Canadian studio.  It’s categorized as a roguelike, which for the uninitiated, is a sub-genre that typically includes procedurally generated levels and permanent death (meaning once you die, you start over from the beginning).  Rogue Legacy has both of those, but it adds in some RPG mechanics which make the imposing threat of death easier to swallow, while not altogether curbing the difficulty that fans of the genre have come to expect.At the beginning of Rogue Legacy, you are a generic sword-wielding hero who is tasked to fight through a dungeon.  There’s some reason for doing so, and there are diaries strewn about the world to help piece together exactly what’s going on, but for the most part the narrative is in the back seat throughout Rogue Legacy and that’s totally fine.It’s hard to overstate just how much fun the minute to minute gameplay is in Rogue Legacy. Controls feel tight and the mechanics are all-around solid and enjoyable.  Any fan of 2D platformers such as Spelunky will find themselves at home here.  The dungeon is split into four separate areas, and while they are distinct in aesthetic and difficulty, they do tend to blend together after ten or twenty hours in the game.The main distinguishing factor of Rogue Legacy is the way in which death, and subsequent life after death, occurs.   Upon dying (whichwillhappen -- a lot), you get to choose a new “heir” among three choices to attempt another run through the game.  Each heir can have all sorts of randomly assigned genetic traits which affect how the game plays.  Discovering the novelty of some of these traits is fun in and of itself, so I won’t ruin them here, but I will say the traits are pretty well balanced, creative, and occasionally good for a laugh.The other unique aspect of death is that your character continually gets stronger in whatever way you choose.  As you traipse throughout the dungeon, your character collects gold from chests and enemies.  You can invest gold after dying in a huge amount of ways; you can boost stats such as strength and armor, unlock new classes, or buy new equipment.  It’s almost impossible to beat the game during the early hours because of the upgrade system, and how weak your initial character is.  Having to rely on more than sheer skill may be a problem for some, but the feeling of progression through boosting your inherent power is pretty satisfying (as in most RPGs) and makes the whole experience very addicting.Toward the end of Legacy, when your character is strong enough to make it most of the way through the dungeon before dying, each run can take about 30 minutes or more, and I found it becomes a bit of a grind.  Luckily the grind doesn’t last too long (at least it didn’t for me) before you become powerful enough to beat the final boss and finish the dungeon.  There is a nicely done New Game+ option, and it’s a telling sign that I immediately dove back in upon completion my first time around.Overall, I really enjoyed my time with Rogue Legacy.  The RPG mechanics do an excellent (or evil, depending on how you look at it) job of cranking up the “Just one more run” factor that roguelikes are infamous for.  Blending rewarding and difficult gameplay with a really smart way to make death a little less punishing goes a long way to make Rogue Legacy one of the best games in the genre."
,Recommended,241600,12906629,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Zebulon Pi,"At $2.99 right now, buying this is borderline criminal, considering how much fun it is, and how much replay value there is. If you like Rogue-likes, buy it. If you like indie games with fun mechanics, buy it. If you like Metrovania-type games, buy it. If you enjoy games at all, buy it!!"
76561198004885007,Not Recommended,241600,8189452,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,AxemJinx,"I wouldn't call this a bad game, but in the end, it feels too grindy to me, and often feels more like an RPG hybrid than a roguelike hybrid. I'll try to break down this impression across a few different points, and use The Binding of Isaac (BoI) as a foil to help elaborate.First off, something you should understand is that pretty much all character progression happens in between sessions, not during them. Every item you find has to be purchased after you die, so apart from health and mana, pretty much nothing you come across in a given session is going to be immediately useful. Contrast this with BoI, in which every item you pick up either activates instantly or goes into a slot for manual use. In its first few hours, Rogue Legacy (RL) has constantly given me the impression that I simply won't have any success until I build up enough gold to purchase useful gear- and that's assuming I even find the gear in the castle to begin with. (99% of gear can't be purchased until you find it in the castle first).Moreover, re-entering the castle costs you all of your gold. You can reduce this to 50% by upgrading a particular stat, but doing so will cost lots of gold that you probably won't be able to accumulate for at least the first several hours. In addition, upgrading one stat increases the prices for every stat across the board. So, you'll be in situations where you have a bad run, but you still want to spend the small sum of gold you collected onsomethingbefore starting the next session. The problem is, doing that will make it harder to get the upgrades you really want in the long run, so overall, having a bad run really makes you feel like you wasted your time, even if it was only a few minutes' worth.In BoI, you didn't have to worry about shops all that much; they could give you a helpful boost, but you could do fine without them for the most part. RL, on the other hand, wholly revolves around the concept of a shop; you can't really accomplish anything significant without going through it first. As I mentioned before, every upgrade has to be purchased- everything. Some of the stats can be upgraded 25 or 50 times, though you probably wouldn't want to target those first because of the constant price increases. I think I would have enjoyed RL a lot more if the creators removed some of the minutiae from the early game. As it stands, I don't think it respects my time.Finally, something to keep in mind is that the enemies' levels are scaled up according to which of the four major areas you're in. Not only do they take more hits to kill with the same equipment, but their attack patterns (often projectile-based) become more complex as well. Until you accumulate better gear and really learn the enemies through death after death, you're probably going to be spending most of your early game in the same two first areas over and over again, unless you're okay with repeatedly ramming against a difficulty wall. In BoI you did have to learn enemy patterns, but if you were able to learn them quickly, then the game wouldn't hold you back from claiming victory. It nearly always provided you with something useful along the way, thanks to its diverse item pool- most of which you didn't have to buy in shops, mind.If none of the above points concern you, feel free to ignore this review. I just want to caution people against impulsively buying roguelike hybrids just because one particular title was a lot of fun for them (which is what I have done, regrettably). In my experience, these kinds of games vary significantly, and often you really have to take a closer look before committing to them."
,Recommended,241600,19696073,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Audish,"I think I only got a few hours into Rogue Legacy the first time before I shelved it. Platformers lean heavily on how you move and what you can do with those moves, and the mish-mashed castle of aggravating traps and meaty foes to hack through wasn't ticking the right boxes for me. I had something of a breakthrough when I returned to it, though, a new way of looking for upgrades and building my manor. Before I knew it I had beaten it, and my reward was a new perspective on what Rogue Legacy accomplishes in its tight designs.If nothing else, Rogue Legacy gets points for having probably the best setup for a roguelike possible. You hail from a long line of adventurers delving into the ever-shifting halls of a forgotten castle, and when you die you take on the role of one of your children. This means your successor (you pick one of three offered) is fully randomized, from class to skills to quirks like flatulence and vertigo. The story fully utilizes this setup as well, which is really cool when (if) you reach the end and see how it all ties together. It would be a shame if that hook was wasted, but luckily the game is a pretty solid platformer and roguelike to boot.Before each run, you get the option to upgrade your manor which serves as a sort of skill tree for your characters. Cash can be spent on stat boosts, new class unlocks, or a few special effects that alter the way you play. You'll also drop gold on new gear and enchantments which need to be found in the castle first and offer dramatic gameplay enhancements like lifesteal attacks, difficulty bumps, and multiple air jumps and dashes. The last option offered is locking down the castle layout for your next run, allowing you to explore the same halls as your last hero did at the cost of most of their gold. It's an interesting feature that's not common among roguelikes, adding a layer of strategy that gives you a better shot at finding specific upgrades or reaching bosses by sacrificing your other treasures.The actual platforming inside the procedurally-generated castle is probably the weakest part of the game as I mentioned, but by no means bad. The trade-off for randomization is very simple room layouts, mostly spruced up by liberal application of breakables and traps. There are special challenge rooms, miniboss rooms, and stranger secret rooms to find as well which do help keep exploration fresh. However, the game can be pretty aggressive about murdering you with its elaborate traps and vicious enemies. Each of the four wings of the castle has a general difficulty level but it can be hard to tell where exactly you fit at the moment, especially if the place has not been kind with upgrades. My first dozen generations passed without finding a new sword, for example, which contributed to me punching out early in my original attempt at the game.There's a certain attitude to Rogue Legacy as well, one that I can't say I appreciated much. It stems from the particularly punishing design of a lot of the trap-based rooms, many of which withhold their rewards if you get hit before reaching the end. These rooms will happily trick you into failing them with cheekily-placed monsters and spikes in what feels like some rather spiteful design. NPCs also enjoy berating you for failing at nigh-impossible tasks, and though they're not a huge part of the game they do contribute to the atmosphere. Still, this is offset by the cartoony graphics, the energetic soundtrack, and the raw fun factor of chugging through the challenges once you get the hang of them. If you stick with it, learn to synergize your gear with your class, and grab all the treasure you can, it'll end up being one of the more rewarding games to complete.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,241600,9266568,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,cyborgmarxism,This game is a metaphor for raw unfettered capitalism - lives are cheap but money is everything
,Recommended,241600,10729234,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ggdograa,"You can play as a gay, color-blind, Barbarian. 10/10."
,Recommended,241600,8032629,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,LumpyJumbo,"This is an amazing roguelike game!Gameplay:You start off with a very basic character and challenge a castle filled with many monsters. Your goal will be to plunder as much gold and equipment as possible before you die. Dying is inevitable and a recurring feature of this game. The catch is that the gold you collect will be passed down to one of three children to choose from. They can have different classes and different traits. Traits can either be good, bad, funny or obnoxious. I won't be spoiling them. So, your bounty gets passed down and now you get to spend your money on a skill tree. From there you can unlock new features such as the smithy, from which you can buy equipment from. Equipment is important as it is a quick and cheap way to raise stats such as armor, health, mana and strength. However, these stats can be upgraded on your skill tree as well. As you play through the game, you will proggressively get more and more gold, getting better and better characters with which you can delve deeper into the castle and, perhaps, complete the game. If you aren't into difficult games with permadeath, this might not be the game for you, even though this game has very forgiving and enjoyable deaths. You won't mind dying as much as with other games. Definitely a fun and unique experience.Visuals:A lot of people would say that graphics are very important and, as such, this game isn't very appealing. I am not one of those people. Although the visuals are an important element to games, the deciding facor for me has been gameplay. Nonetheless, I would say that, despite its graphic limitations, this game looks incredible. The artstyle is fun and simple, yet beautiful and charming. It kind of gives off a retro aura that I really enjoy. It doesn't matter that it isn't realistic, that's not what the game is going for. I would say it's very well made.Music:Finally, the music! I must confess, when I loaded up the game, I heard a very beautiful song playing. It kind of mixed electronic sounds with orchestral instruments in a way I had never heard before. As silly as it may seem, I didn't realize it was the game. I thought it was from a video I had been watching or something. But I was wrong. So amazingly wrong. As stupid of an assumption as it is, I never expected an indie game to have such beautiful music in it. A lot of work and effort were obviously put into it. So yeah, I really enjoyed the entire soundtrack. It's very unique and amazing.Story:At first, the story isn't very apparent but it gets very interesting as you discover more. Note that there are a bunch of references to the history surrounding the fountain of youth. It's pretty cool.Controls:I have not had the opportunity to play this game with a controller yet, but yes, it does have full controller support. Regardless, the keyboard controls work pretty much perfect for me. They're responsive too. Overall, I just think there's no problem with them, there's not much else I can say.Verdict:This is, in my opinion, one of the best Steam games out there. I bought it less than 2 weeks ago and I've played over 50 hours! I'm completely hooked. It is astounding. For the amount of enjoyment you'll get out of it, 14 euros is a complete steal. If you're interested, go buy this game. It's worth it."
,Recommended,241600,8690558,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,peremptor,"Great mix of metroidvania, rpg leveling mechanics and roguelike elements. The game is as hard as you want it to be depending on how many times you can clear it. Once you know what you are doing and get some levels and upgrades on your rogue's descendants you might feel overpowered and for a while that's quite true but as you advance the game matches you and if you keep at it eventually supercedes you and you are basically left to hit and run tactics while skulking through the castle trying to get to the boss room doors.Rogue's Legacy found a winning combination with the various elements it incorporated in the gameplay and if you are any kind of fan of 2D combat platformers... this demands to be played."
,Recommended,241600,8317334,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,hOI!!,"10/10 game, would send countless malformed descendants to their demise again."
,Recommended,241600,32635030,Posted: 21 June,all,Setimu,Bought it twice
76561197967692485,Recommended,241600,22862892,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,^___^,"Rogue Legacyis a delightful medieval-themed action platformer with adorable art and a few unique twists.Its masterstroke is how the permadeath and rogue-like mechanics are wrapped in a tale of heirloom and magic castle with ever-shifting walls. Each death does indeed end your run, but then you get to continue as one of your descendants, able to spend all the gold earned by your unfortunate ancestor on equipment, runes and the expansion of the family's manor, which is basically a gigantic tree of permanent upgrades that will help subsequent playthroughs.Any boost will be very welcome, as you start off very weak. Working your way through the randomly generated castle and its three surrounding areas will be a painful journey at first, but it will get more and more rewarding and satisfying as you crawl further and further with each run. You might even be so fortunate as to end up slaying one of the four bosses, whose spirits seal off a mysterious room!The second stroke of genius is the way your descendant's abilities are defined not only by their class (barbarian, mage, paladin, etc.) but also a gazillion of unique traits, which might provide benefits or be hugely detrimental. Your chosen hero might have A.D.H.D. and gain a speed boost, while also being near-sighted making everything far away blurry. His/her hypochondriasis may well result in hilariously exaggerated reactions to any damage taken, not to mention a number of purely cosmetic or anecdotical traits such as baldness or same-sex attraction. You only get a choice between three random heirs on every playthrough, meaning you'll likely end up having to work and compromise with most of these characteristics at one point or another.With all these twists that keep every playthrough refreshing as well as the sense of progress and accomplishing things in the bigger perspective of your heirloom as a whole,Rogue Legacyis as charming as it is oddly addictive. Although the final few achievements may require a bit of grinding, it also has a bit in store for the hardcore gamers with five vicious secret bosses and the option to advance into ever-harder ""New Game +"" modes everytime you complete the game. I'd say it's worth at least a good 40 hours if you want to accomplish everything, and you'll more than likely keep playing the occasional run after that just for the hell of it.You are a fan of the man/10"
,Recommended,241600,32874316,Posted: 27 June,all,Barry Scott,"Really fun game if you can handle the intense difficulty! It's really hard and it will take a while to get the hang of things, but once you do it is very enjoyable!"
,Recommended,241600,33141982,Posted: 2 July,all,CthulhuChan,"Start game, die.Start game, die.Start game, die.Start game, die.This is the cycle of play in Rogue Legacy, and although in any other game I would say this is a glaring negative.. here I find it lovely.Rogue Legacy is a rouge-like game in which the map is different each and everytime you die (unless you do a certain thing) and this game is BRUTAL.Here's a tip, you won't win this game like it's Dark Souls, this game is actually quite challenging. Yet somehow I find this game so much fun.When you die (and you will die) you keep all gold that was attained thorugh that run, and use that to buff up the enxt character, who will be almost NOTHING like the last on you played as as you are a family of warriors that is trying to conquer one castle... and you all suck eggs at this one job.This game as a game can be very frustrating, knockback is a ♥♥♥♥ing feature for god's sake. You'll often swing the wrong way, leading to getting hit, certain runs with certain characters can only lead to pain and suffering. But before I'm downvoted to hell (if you haven't already) hear me out that this stuff is PART of the game, this game is purposely difficult and if you bought it looking for a fun adventure you might find Loot Hero DX more your speed because THIS game is not easy and is not for people who are easily quick to anger, it's a fun and insanely hard romp through the genocide of your family.8.5/10"
76561198010340163,Recommended,241600,12523430,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kyndrede,"Absolutely fantastic game. It is so good, that I, a random person on the internet, took 15 minutes out of his schedule to tell people to play it.The premise is simple and engaging, progressing through a randomly generated castle. Enemies are varied and can get challenging. The story is hilarious, and while not groundbreaking, tends to fix a smile firmly on my face. Gameplay is simple in theory, but with the Equipment and Runes system, can get some nice depth going. It is one of those games you sit down to when you have 30 mins to spare before a big meeting, and end up just deciding to miss it.Got this during the Steam sales at a discounted price, but would willingly pay full price again.9.5/10"
,Recommended,241600,8313493,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,icaroferracini,"Great platform game, it has a very good and creative gameplay.The game itself is simple to play but it takes time to master and earn the money necessary to buy new abilities and items to go further in the dungeons.Every time you enter in the castle the rooms are randomly created and each hero has some pros (more critical hit, more life or mana expert, ...) and cons (colorblind, dyslexia, glaucoma, ...), some are pretty fun, others don't make a difference, but all is worth test at least once. This make the gameplay unique each time you start.I just don't liked the music very much. It was nice in the beggining, but after die so much the same music became annoying, so I played listening anything else.It is a cool game and has a nice end. I liked it."
76561198110941136,Recommended,241600,31223460,Posted: 18 April,all,NerfBat,In dire need of an expansion pack or sequel!
,Recommended,241600,28275280,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Luxbu | Game Gamut,"I don't typically write reviews, but Rogue Legacy for me is going to be an exception. Ill start off with the pros and cons and then give some of my final thoughts.But first, I just logged into the game to play one run through and HOLY CRAP I BEAT THE GAME! Finally!!Pros:+Fast paced, hack and slash, dungeon crawl+Simple mob combat+Very fun spells+Strategic and challenging boss fights+After you defeat a boss, the door unlocks so you can do a unique challenge fight+RPG elements (item upgrades, rune upgrades, castle upgrades)+Very wide character variety+Deaths bring you a selection from three random characters+Randomized character traits+Randomized levels after each death+Quirky and a fun story line+Weight - Yes, weight. It brings a special element and challenge. You can't just unlock the best gear and wear it. You have to make sure your character upgrades accordingly.+Difficulty starts at a standard. You can control it by adding runes, which I've found also gives you new and unseen levels to the dungeon+168 hours played and I just beat the final boss. I still have so many upgrades and blue prints to find.+In that, extremely high replay valueCons:-Finding later tier (tier 4 and 5) gear is very difficult-Once you unlock enough upgrades to your castle, the grind can feel tedious. This doesn't happen for a very long time, though.-There are very annoying occurances at times due to bridge placement. I.E. when trying to escape a level by jumping up to a bridge and activating it, only to have the hit cause your character to fly into the upper room and then back to the lower room. Causing it to reset. I'm not sure if this is meant to be a challenge to the player or just poor placement.This game will always be a favorite of mine. The control you have to either farm for gold or challenge yourself to get blueprints for gear, is amazing. I find it really fun to have a choice of random characters and I love all of the unique traits they can come with. Whether you are looking for a dungeon crawl to play casually, or challenge yourself with hardcore settings, this game can fit anyone's arsenal of games.5/5"
,Recommended,241600,22957020,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,[Mad Hatterz] Hermano Asqueroso,"Pros:Unique way of casualizing the roguelike genre, turning into a rogueliteFunnyEasy to learn, hard to masterAddictiveRandom dungeons=Extremely replayableNeutral:Graphics. I like them personally, but can understand if anyone disagrees.Cons:I honestly can't come up with anything.Recommended."
,Recommended,241600,7104109,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Dorgarr,"I wonder what it would be like to be the prodigal heir who inherited a manor filled with resources and wealth for me to squander on the promise of an improbable but successful future in an ever-changing world.All of this for the chance to bring honour to my family, all of whom have paid dearly for their entrance into the world of success to ensure that their successors will have the resources and wealth to follow in their footsteps.Best of Luck to the Rogue Legacy Graduating Class of  '13"
,Recommended,241600,33034493,Posted: 30 June,all,Artibius,"PROS:+ skill/progression tree+ great art style+ class & trait variation+ proceduraly generated dungeons (done right!)+ 5 boss fights (+ 5 remixed versions of them)+ lots of collectibles/unlockablesCONS:- keyboard gameplay is suboptimal- no mouse support- remixed versions of bosses may prove too difficult for most peopleComment:There is a story in this game - you and your heirs have to fight a traitor and his minions to avenge the old king and destroy the fountain of youth. But the real massive appeal here is a great progression system where each run counts (as long as you were at least decent in it and collected enough gold) and you can level up your next character/heir. This level up is done through a cool unlockable skill tree. There is a permadeath element for each character and you WILL die a lot. But that is okay, it still is fun to try different traits in characters and along with random dungeon generation it makes each attempt special. You can customize the way you play not only by picking an available class but also by buying armor, weapons and runes to fit your style. But you have to find schematics for these in special chests first. The minibosses are cool but it is the 5 major bosses that really give you that satisfaction after you beat them. After you finish the final fight you can move to another new game plus with all your gear but also with more difficult enemies. There are also 5 remixed versions of the bosses (where you play a pre-defined character, not your own) but these will not be for everyone because they are extra difficult and you cannot over-level them. Overall a truly great action platformer that's as much fun as it is really difficult.------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
76561198025301599,Recommended,241600,12592192,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,ZOR33L is,"the best and most fun Rogue-like MetroidVania game and by far, it had me glued to my seat playing it non-stop and this is something really rare in recent games. highly recommended for sure"
76561198125461580,Recommended,241600,32627469,Posted: 21 June,all,moonking,"would slowly fall in love with the prince and scour the castle looking for another one of his journal entries again10/10 sure hope nothing bad happens to himEDIT: IMPORTANT NOTE when i was using keyboard i really disliked the game, but once i started playing with controller it got x100 more fun"
,Not Recommended,241600,9096696,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Notesurfer,"Rogue Legacy is solid conceptually, but ultimately relies too heavily on the player's addiction to the genre to keep them hooked. While the randomized progeny do add some variety to the game, generally it is in the form of either amusement or frustration, rarely strategy. The metroidvania platforming style calls for skilled manuvering, but bizarre hitboxes and sluggish controls will interfere with your mastery more than the difficulty of the enemies themselves. Each area of the game feels the same as the last, sometimes even generating identical rooms with a different coat of paint. Even the enemy challenges presented in more advanced areas are merely faster, more projectile-y versions of their smaller-sprited counterparts. Rogue Legacy will certainly entertain for a short time, but eventually the monotony of raiding the castle and dumping your gold into various stat-sinks will start to feel like more of a chore than a diversion.Rogue Legacy is perfect if your gaming appetite is sated by spending twenty minutes saving up enough gold to raise a single stat, then dying and playing the same areas over again with a slightly different character. In other words, this game is built for players who have the patience to endure the least pleasant aspects of the procedurally-generated platforming roguelike. For everyone else, I recommend you divert your attention elsewhere."
,Recommended,241600,15206485,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,PKblaze,"Rogue Legacy, as the title suggests is a Rogue-like. It's got randomly generated elements here and there with psuedo perma-death (You keep everything but your character when you die) which brings in it's 'Legacy' system. This Legacy system allows you to pick another hero, a child of your previous one and they inherit any stat boosts, items or runes (abilities). The overall concept of the game is that you must spawn various heroes to grind your way up to defeat various bosses in order to complete the game. This is one of the weaker points of the game in a way however. If you do not like repetivity then stay away as for the first 20-ish lives (depending on how good you are and how much gold you get) especially, you will constantly loop through the first area just learning the mechanics and enemy types and also trying to defeat the first boss. I have to admit it was a little frustrating and I could only manage like 5 runs before needing a break. It's not all bad though, as when you die you keep any gold you rustled up and that is then used to upgrade your castle (It's an upgrade system that unlocks more as it grows, like a skill tree) You can increase stats such as health, mana, damage and even unlock new class's for your future heroes as well as giving them extra abilities. There's a fair amount of upgrades to choose from so you can tailor it to your personal preference for the most part.Okay, so let's talk mechanics and gameplay (a bit more in depth) So, as already prefaced, Rogue Legacy has you enter a randomly generated dungeon to face off against various enemies and bosses. The combat is quite simplistic and yet a bit difficult to master, especially downward attacks in my own experience. (This is with a keyboard by the way) Much like the controls themselves it's somewhat tight and has a nice feel to it. You are also given a spell and a class ability to play with which vary in strength and usefulness. The spells are selected at random at the start so this can be a factor which makes you pick Lady Chun Lii III (this game also has references) The Barbarian Queen over Sir Charles the Assassin. The spells are more-so a personal preference of what each person likes and also what you intend on doing with that character as some enemies and bosses are easier to fight with certain classes and spells. Another Mechanic which I have yet to talk about with the Legacy feature is that the characters each have traits, some of these effect the game visually, others gameplay-wise and some just comical. You can have a Giant, a Dwarf, a skinny person, someone who is colour-blind, someone who is permanently roided and the list goes on. Some of these have little effects such as IBS which just makes the character do fart sounds when jumping or dashing. Other traits such as Dwarfism allow for you to get into secret areas for free loot and other little shortcuts. This brings me to another element of the game which is Blueprints and Runes. As you explore the Dungeon you will encounter many a chest, these contain, gold or blueprints with special chests containing stat boosts and Runes. Any blueprint you pick up allows you to craft some new armor and any rune you pick up grants you the ability to add an ability to your character. The Rune Chests come with a price however as you must find them hidden in certain locations or you must complete challenges. Some of these are easier than others. There a many varying abilities which can be stacked to become more powerful, this further adds to that personal customization to play in a way that suits you.Time for Graphics, Sound and Aesthetics. As you can see from the screenshots and trailer up above, the game does not boast any amazing graphical fidelity, it is quite basic. The Aesthetic however is rather quite pleasing to the eye and has a rather Paper Mario feel to it. When the sprites turn around they flip sides.  It's a nice little nod and it looks quite neat. The designs on the enemies and locations are all pleasant to look at and you can usually tell an enemy from the background (There are enemies that are paintings which can catch you off guard if you don't notice them shaking). The sound design for most of these areas is awesome and is definitely one of the top points of this game. Each piece fits it's location and is enjoyable to listen to. The sound effects of taking damage, dashing etc are well suited and feel right.I know I have yet to mention it but there is also a story behind Rogue Legacy. I'm not going to spoil it but basically there's an adventurer much like yourself, who's traversing the dungeon. As he goes about, he leaves journal entries behind which allows you to read his story and gives you hints on where to go and such. It's a nice way to add a story to the game which isn't entirely necessary. Also, this guy who's leaving these journals must be pretty good at the game as he goes through the entire thing without dying which is literally impossible for the player. Throughout the game there are also paintings that the devs have left of their previous games with some insight into them. It's a quiant touch that is interesting to read if you are interested,So that's Rogue Legacy, I would definitely recommend it if you enjoy Rogue-Likes, Dungeon Crawlers or MetroidVanias as this game is a mash of the three. It's a fun 10 hour + raunch through a trap filled, enemy infested loot dungeon that will have you dying for more."
76561198044866229,Recommended,241600,26888701,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Banaanisopuli,"Rogue legacy is a great ""roguelite"" game that doesn't desperately try to be something that it isn't.It doesn't necessarily have as much content and longevity as something like the binding of isaac would have, but what it does have is well made and polished mechanics.   The armor system is well made, supporting fairly many styles of play. The rune system is an interesting and well fleshed out system of secondary perks and abilities which can impact the core gameplay loop quite vastly depending on how you decide to utilise them.And the gold and level up system is also nicely done, striking a balance between feeling worthwhile and being absolutely necessary.The descendant system is a nice touch which helps to keep the characters feel fresh, and the traits system adds yet another layer to the gameplay. Some of the traits being helpful, some neutral and some outright bad.Charon being in the game helps to add some of the ""rogue"" in to rogue legacy, him not being there would make leveling up and managing your gold very different. And not in a good way in my opinion.I don't really have anything bad to say about the game, except perhaps the architect. I think removing the ability to lock down the castle would overall profit the game. Although i can see that being somewhat frustrating to a new player. But overall it's probably not a big gripe.I've beaten rogue legacy tens of times, and grinded to max level and found all armors and runes twice. I guess that tells something about my enjoyment with it.I guess my summary would be something in the lines of, everything just feels so enjoyable in this game. It never feels like a chore.And i would definitely recommend it at it's pricepoint. Especially when it's on sale, about 4 dollars or your regional equivalent is a steal for a game like this in my opinion.:RogueChicken:"
76561198079530646,Recommended,241600,29483259,Posted: 25 January,all,Bou,"A Solid and enjoyable roguelike action platformerYour goal is to enter a castle where you have to defeat 4 bosses plus a final boss. You start out weak and will die quickly after entering the castle. Collecting gold from enemies and objects will let you buy items, perks and abilities like upgrading your health or draining health from enemies when you damage them. Most upgrades are permanent and will be used by all future characters.When your next character enters the castle he will be a bit stronger than its predecessor and will probably survive longer. Each new character has different traits than your previous one like faster movement or doing more damage, together with the randomized castle layout each playthrough keeps the game fresh. Once a boss has been defeated it is gone for good (meaning you won't encounter it in your next playthrough).The castle layout is reminiscent to the castlevania series or any other metroidvania. It also plays like the castlevania games as far as attacking is concerned but without inventory management and complex magical abilities. You also don't need to have certain perks or items to unlock parts of the map, everything is unlocked from the get-go. You can't go wrong with this title if you like old school action platformers."
76561198056733529,Recommended,241600,12921679,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Princess Luna,Dark Souls meets Ghosts'n'Goblins.
,Not Recommended,241600,12961888,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,James,"I do not regret getting it, but I have a hard time recommending to anyone.  It is not that it is just a difficult game, but it feels like it is just being difficult for difficult's sake.  Losing is not fun in this game.  The family tree system is only cute at the beginning.  It is a fun enough platformer but the progression of the game is too much of a grind to be able to get better stats to be able to do anything."
,Recommended,241600,26501596,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sebastian Peril,"A fantastic rogue-lite where dying doesn't mean a hard reset. In death your character is succeeded by one of their offspring and all of your earned skills, talents, equipment and gold are passed down from one generation to the next, ensuring that even the weakest of players can still make progress. After each death you are given the choice of three characters that are randomised from a pool of three to eight classes (depending on how many you unlock) who are given randomly drawn traits and abilites; some good, some bad. The castle itself is also randomised keeping the game fresh despite there only being four environments.All in all, I found it a thoroughly addictive game despite minimal experience in the genre beforehand and would recommend it to anyone who merely thought ""that looks interesting"" as they skimmed over the Steam store page."
,Not Recommended,241600,12954531,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Vux,"At first, this game is very entertainting. The combat is fast-paced, you can upgrade your character however you want, and the character descendants are often humorous.But after a few hours, it gets *extremely* repetetive. The game's hook is that you will die, and you WILL indeed die A LOT. I thought games had evolved past the 3-decade old idiocy of being ""touched"" by anything hurts you, but apparently this game didn't get the memo. Often you are surrounded by half a dozen monsters, which means dozens of projectiles flying at you and even more chances to get ""touched"" by monsters. Ranged attacks would help greatly but mana is so limited for even the most basic of ranged attacks that you can't rely on it. So you're forced to melee most of the time against projectiles flying all over the screen. It makes for a very frustrating experience. So you die. And then die some more.Dying often could be forgiveable if you're progressing. However, in this game, you are literally playing the same level over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over. It gets old fast. The only way to progress is to grind the same level repeatedly for gold, while memorizing enemies. But with limited HP and each hit taking so much HP away, not to mention the annoyance of accidental ""touches"" as described previously, you'll die often no matter what you do.The upgrade system seemed really great at first, but every time you upgrade your character the price of all other upgrades increases. Essentially the carrot in front of your nose is being moved farther and farther every time.Not only that, but every time you die, you have to give up all your gold before restarting the level. So you have 1000 gold and spend 500 on an upgrade, with the next cheapest upgrade at 510? Too bad, you have to completely waste the rest. Idiotic beyond belief. After a while, all the upgrades become so expensive that if you don't farm thousands of gold before an accidental death, you have to give it all up and you just made 0 progress. After a few hours, the game expects you to play perfectly, or you won't progress at all.I was indeed getting really good at the end of my play time and really memorizing all the enemies and how they moved. But then I took a step back and realized that I wasn't having fun any more. Because of the extreme repetition in this game and the frustrating nature of combat, I would certainly give this game a DO NOT BUY. I bought this on sale for $2.99 and wish I could get my money back."
76561198092807814,Recommended,241600,22927657,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,HolyWinter 聖冬,"(Due for an edit)I have about 20 more hours of offline play time in addition to the listed amount shown. Now about the game.Rogue Legacy is a very challenging game, you will die...a lot, it's pretty much the premise of the game.Fight, die, upgrade. Rinse lather and repeat essentailly but it's a bit more varied than that.Gold is king in this game as your wealth carried over upon your ancestors death determines the upgrades you can afford thus improving upon the spawn of your hero.Careful being greedy though in Rogue Legacy, it may just cost you your Heroes life.The castle in which you will be entering in (and mostly dying in) will be where your Rogues Legacy begins, in addition to that it will also be your grave.Every new generation that enters the castle will find it has shifted and moved around with semi-randomization.  I believe this is so it is never the same experience twice.Enemies seemed to be strategically placed in set rooms as if to add a more difficult element rather then just being in random locations.Your only solace of preventing the castle from shifting each generation is via the Architect, but beware for he wants 40% of your gold earnings so weighing in the extra financial loss is something to consider.While upgrades are done via your manor estate which can improve stats to gold gain there is also a Blacksmith and a Lady who can sell you runes. These two npcs can help you greatly in giving you an edge wether it be a weapon that returns 50% damage back to the enemies or a rune that can make you double or triple jump. You'll need to loot chests to aquire these first however which mini bosses or special condition chests usually contain.Another thing is upon choosing your child to follow in your foot steps Traits & Perks are most likely given to each of the 3 you have to choose from (Occasionally will a child with no traits appear). These can range from I.B.S (Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Your hero tends to fart while jumping) to Dementia (You see and hear enemies that are not real and they attack you which doesn't hurt you.)You start off with some pretty basic classes at first. Knight, Barbarian, Mage, but upon upgrading your manor which is only done after death you can unlock a few more such as Shinobi and lich, in addition classes can be upgraded i.e Knight to Paladin and given a new ability such as ""block"".Platforming is a thing in this and a bad jump or fall can hurl you into some spikes or enemies so eager to end you.The story while subtle is not shy of being rich.The comedy is also subtle but still there. Probably nothing to make you rolleth on the floor in a histerical fashion.It took me a plethora of generations and frustration to master the patterns and eventually defeat all of the bosses. Patience is important is so is studying the patterns and attacks of everything.Rogue Legacy is truly a Gem and a tough one to boot."
,Recommended,241600,13266215,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Vaagur,"Rogue Legacy is a very hard game with a superb soundtrack, I fell in love with it a while ago! This is my favorite game of 2013.Everytime you die, you can choose between 3 randomized children and you get to keep your unlocked weapons, armors and skills. You can find rare chests which contain permanent boosts to your character and the monster difficulty scales based on your level. There are 10+ big bosses to beat and a vast amount of enemies.I cannot explain how good this game is! It is cheap, addictive and great in all aspects! 41 hours in, I have completed the game and new game+ once. It was well worth playing and I had alot of fun! Lasted longer than most games I've played. Keep in mind that with the infinite new game+ and ranodmly generated levels, it wouldn't surprise me that you would play the game for longer than I did! If you haven't played it yet and are not sure if you should, you can check my personal score below.CategoryRating /10DetailsGameplay9.2A pure hardcore roguelike action platformer (for those who are not familiar with the term roguelike, it means that the levels are randomized and death is permanent, even though you keep your upgrades and gear in Rogue Legacy). Very hard to master, stiff controls (which fits the genre of Nintendo-era games, execpt for ""Down-attack"" which is just weird in my opinion), lots of weapon, armors and runes to unlock. You have a full skill-tree you can eventually max-out if you gather enough gold! The game is not frustrating because whenever you die, as long as you gathered enough gold or found +Stats bonus from chests, your character gets stronger. Keep in mind that monsters scales too! Multiple save-files and new game+ (infinite amount of ng+ and new gear for those who can succeed in ng+)! The game could have more monster variety, but for an indie game it's just fine!Graphics8.8Retro graphics that you will just fall in love with! In Rogue Legacy you will find funny, yet beautiful, 2d art with well-done animations that goes perfectly with the style of the game. The UI and menus are simplistic but gives you just enough information, fits with the rest of the art and looks fine overall. Plus, there's plenty of different visual effects you will discover based on your character traits.Atmosphere9.5The soundtrack of Rogue Legacy is EPIC! It is definately one of the best soundtrack I have listened to in my entire gaming career. The sound effects are very satisfying to listen to and they're unique to the game. Your character attacks have a wide bank of sound, so they are not repetitive and they don't get boring to listen to. Rogue Legacy doesn't feature any voiced dialogues, so there is no voice acting for this game.Performance9.5I have noticed barely any bugs while playing through the game. Nothing annoying, just very few glitches, like being able to move during some boss cutscenes (which might be fixed). Also, another thing I need to point out is that in my 41 hours playing this game, I have not crashed a single time, which is great. The game runs totally smooth, I have never experienced any fps drops.Story7.5While the story is not bad, it's really short and litterally only a few pages of text left by Johannes and some boss dialogues. I'm surprised such a wonderful game has got such a simple story. As I said previously, it's not a bad story, just very confusing. As far as the NPCs goes, they don't really have dialogues and there's not many of them, but those dialogues are fine. Honestly, it's an amazing game and the story doesn't really matter in this case, because the gameplay, graphics and sounds are all fantastic!Singleplayer9.0Since Rogue Legacy only offers singleplayer, this will be a resume of my review. Rogue Legacy has a fantastic singleplayer experience, it is totally addicting, it has tons of replayability and it is challenging. Definately a game to try if you are a fan of hard games and like 2d action platformers! There's items to farm, a huge skill-tree to unlock and level-up your stats and skills and unlimited randomly generated levels. Rogue Legacy also features unique boss mechanics, challenge rooms and secrets to uncoverMultiplayer--This game features no co-op or multiplayer.Playtime9.0Rogue Legacy takes a good 20 to 40 hours to complete depending on if you want to simply kill the last boss or complete ng+, collect all items, collect all runes, etc... Overall, you will probably spend around 40 hours playing Rogue Legacy, which is huge for a singleplayer indie game. As for the replayability, don't even worry! Multiple save-files, random traits, randomly generated levels, infinite new game+... You will have to play for a while before getting bored of the game!Prices9.0Rogue Legacy is totally worth the asking price of US$14.99 (As of late 2014), as it doesn't have any DLCs or microtransactions, it's developped by indie developpers and it's just a great game overall.Steam Features8.0While Rogue Legacy doesn't have Steam Workshop and is lacking a few Steam features, it does have the most important ones. The achievements are pretty good (and some are quite difficult, because most bosses are difficult anyways) and the game has Trading Cards. The game also features full controller support, which is always a great thing to have in a retro game!Game Score9.0InformationTimeDetailsTime required to complete the game.~16 hours.Reaching and killing the main boss.Time required to fully complete the game.~100 hours.All bosses, around 10 ng+, all items, all runes, maxed castle... Etc.Time required to get 100% achievements in the game.~41 hours.28/28 achievements working, the last bosses achievements are challenging and ""Katagelasticism"" is moderately challenging."
76561198042826211,Recommended,241600,12377185,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Ninjosh,"This is a good rogue like game that has an interesting progression system.This progression system is really one of the key reason why I put so many hours into this game. Most rogue like games have perma death. Where if you lose thats it, its done you start from the beginning. Personally I did not like the idea of perma death in my games. I like to feel like I am working towards something and not losing everything just to try to do it again. With this said, many people who like rogue like games will disagree whole heartily with my decision and I understand that. Well with this game people get a little bit of both worlds.This game has perma death and progression. Each character that goes into that death trap of a castle will eventually die but his or her's gold will be sent to their child where he or she can spend it on upgrades to their castle (that supplies skills, armory, stats etc) and to buy armor, accessories and even lock the previous dungeon so you can attempt it again. Then that child will die and send it's money to the next child and so on. So people get their perma death and progression all in one.The gameplay is fun with platformer elements to it as well as rpg. Its a 2d side scroller where you go around in a randomly generated dungeon looting for gold, trying to survive and fighting bosses. Thanks to the option to lock the previous dungeon you can keep retrying the bosses again and again, without searching for the boss door. Which is nice because the bosses can be extremely hard if your not prepared. Also the dungeon itself is hard as well and you will find that it will take many attempts before finding the boss doors.So overall, the progression system as well as the gameplay makes for an addicting game. With this said, their are a few issues I have with the game. When your character dies you get a selection of three (maybe four) randomly generated characters to choose from. All of these characters have different classes, special attacks and/or different qualities. Although the qualities like vertigo can really mess with you, most of the other qualities are forgettable after a while but it does add another element to the game at times. The random generated abilities on the other hand, were for the most part useless because most of the classes (except maybe mage and spell sword) had very little Mp to work with. I found that the normal attacks were sufficient in getting me through the dungeons.  It could have really helped if the characters had a bigger Mp pool to work with and maybe some different spells and abilities.Overall, good game with a few issues with the characters abilities, still very fun to play and has a game plus mode so good replayability as well."
,Recommended,241600,28421285,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,aTom,I could not do it! But I hope my son will.
,Recommended,241600,33211240,Posted: 3 July,all,twinsocks,"Have I seriously spent 250 hours playing this?! I've unlocked absolutely everything and three New Game+es are starting to make me think I might finally be done with this game, which is a big shame, I'll miss it. The wonderful thing about it is that it's hard but takes no concentration at all to play, I play in a separate window while I watch youtube or tv or review uni lectures.+ Perfect learning curve - starts with dying within 3 monsters, ends with capable of surviving entire castle+ Incremental skill tree - death isn't frustrating because usually you can afford to upgrade at least one thing every death.+ Randomised rewarding - sometimes you get such a great option for your heir you can go twice as far as last time, which is addictive- Music annoying - turn it off and watch something else while you play- RNG could do to be a little more controlled, sometimes you just have too many easy rooms in a row- Hit boxes are maybe a teeny bit shy of where you'd expect? I only really noticed this after a hundred hours and massively refined my skillsIt really took time to think of any negatives, what a great game <3"
76561198068465411,Recommended,241600,28736944,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Egotistical Raven,"Rogue Legacy is a very dark game. It forces you to minimise the importance of life and death in your mind. The whole game is about the end justifing the means. The main concepts in the game are, the core game mechanics, the characters, and the gameplay.The core game mechanics of Rogue Legacy include you dying. To progress in the game, you need to die, so your heirs can get better defense and offense and have a better chance of defeating the dungen. Everytime you die, the dungen resets, so it is half impossible to master the dungen, just based on memory. This adds a harder elelment to it (THE ELEMENT OF SURPRISE!). This game mechanic is put in place to make you apathetic towards the aspect of life and death, especially of the protagonists. Some characters you might play you might only get past a few rooms with them, and then their life is over.Each character that you play will have traits, which is an attempt to humanise them, so they aren't lifeless shells for your on progression. Instead of humanising them it makes it easier to objectify them. The traits become not character traits, but tools you can use to progerss further. Being short will make it easier to get into hard to reach places, being huge makes their sword strike more, being gay.... Well that just makes them fabulous! You start to care less and less for the life of them, but care more and more for what their next heir will achieve. They become less of protagonists and more of vessels for the protagonist, you the player.The gameplay of this game is pretty fun, and addictive. Each time you die you can now buy more armour and more weapons and progress even further! One thing you couldn't do the first time, you will try again the next time, and again. New powers that you get will help you to get more powers. You will find journal entires which will entice you to explore even more. Overall the gameplay is pretty good and very addictive.Rogue Legacy is a really good game for people who want to play something a bit darker that makes them think, but is also a good game for people who just want to play a fun game."
76561197995190007,Not Recommended,241600,8475200,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"This game is a bit overrated.First let me just talk about the good things. The gameplay in this is very solid. The combat mechanics are fluid, and for me are what makes this game worth playing at all. Great gameplay with tight controls.That being said I wouldn't reccoemdend this game for the price they ask for. This game is a weird case, it doesn't do anything particularly wrong, but it just isn't intresting enough to be worth playing. It's fun enough to endlessly go through the dungeon and getting further and further each time. But it's a long long road, and it feels like a grind.  And there will be times where you wont gain enough gold to do anything with, which feels horrible because I wasted all that time. It's not fun to have to search every room for gold over and over. The enemies can really screw you over fast and the level generator can get a bit too extreme in giving you good stuff, or really bad stuff on a run.My big problem was it just all felt pointless after awhile. I'd work up life after life to beat a boss. And its not an easy boss fight. And in this game the bosses are much more stressful than they are fun. You have to go through a lot of fighting to become good enough to handle a boss. So you go from room to room fighting harder and harder enemies until you finally want to devote the next 10 runs to just beating the boss. ANd you do it! and you feel great! but then its like... now what? I get to do that entire process all over again now, but its going to be the same thing just a lot harder.. and that cycle will never end.The upgrades you can buy are pretty standard, there's nothing particularly intresting with the leveling mechanics, or the class  changes.On a personal note I also think they underplayed their theme a bit. I was really attracted to this title because of the whole legacy thing. Each life is the ancestor of your previous life. But they never use that for anything outside of context and what they call things. The legacy stuff is just there to slap names on things really. There's no actual gameplay to go along with it, and personally that bums me out. They could've made it so if you choose to play as a certain class, you get that class or some of that class' traits in your next life. To be a sort of genetics passing between lives. They could've made it so that if you killed the monster that killed you last time, you get a boost of some sort. They could've made it so that if you died by a certain type of enemy, like a skeleton, then your next life deals extra damage to skeletons(to sort of simulate anger that they killed your dad or something so now you hate skeletons and they must all die). They could've made it so each time you die you say a last word, which could've been an in-game tip system. Like if you die by a skeleton his last words are like ""skeletons attack this way, maybe if I had tried to do this I would've lived. They could've given an ancestoral fund thing you could sink extra gold into, and you can see which ancestor donated the most, it would also help make it so that no run is completly worthless. I dunno, there's a LOT of ideas and they did none of them and it makes me sad. They have a really intresting hook with their context, and it was part of the reason I bought this game to begin with, but I was let down by the way they used it.But the gameplay is balls out solid, so you will definititly have fun with this game, but I don't recommend it unless you can get it for $5 or less."
76561198075038802,Recommended,241600,12711684,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Wazzaamon (Hiryu),"So much yes, this game is worth every damn penny it costs, almost too cheap for such a good game! It's unique, challenging and a ton of fun! It's a casual game that you can play at any time pretty much! Everything about this game is so much YES! Exploration, collecting and just kicking monster♥♥♥♥♥is so much fun! Cellar Door games has made probaly one of my favourite games! Only thing it is missing is steam cloud, so i can't play the same file on both my laptop and my PC. I can't say anything more i think (except for saying that you should go get it), but it is just... Amazing. Easily a 9.5/10, One of my favourite games, Cellar Door really nailed it."
,Recommended,241600,10860385,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Puzzlebox,"Imagine you're playing a board game. You're given infinite lives. However, every time you die you have to reroll all of your character traits.That is essentially the gimmick behind Rogue Legacy. The only difference is that instead of infintie lives, you have infinite heirs. Each heir is given any of a whole slew of different modifiers that can be useful, harmful, or simply funny. Each heir gets to retain anything their predecessors unlocked and make another go at the pseudo-randomized castle (certain regions of the castle are always in the same general location, but the rooms and layout are randomized).It is admittedly an exercise in grinding as most runs through the castle early on you can expect to die. And die. And die. But you do get this certain feeling of progress and learning how to cope with the variety of traits you can get. But there's nothing quite like that feeling of seeing a boss for the nth time and finally kicking its♥♥♥♥♥The story is fairly basic but is entirely fitting for the game. It is, however, somewhat predictable if you can catch on to certain things as you make your way through the game. If you enjoy the gameplay a lot, the replay value is high as each iteration of the game gets progressively more difficult. Plus a patch some time back added special versions of the bosses for added challenge beyond the original game as well.Overall, I found it a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,241600,29874418,Posted: 12 February,all,richisdisturbed,"I love this game & I hope one day we get a sequel.If you enjoy rogue likes or platforming titles, then this game is for you. The difficulty may be a bt jarring when you first start playing, but that's the genius of this title, everytime you enter the castle, you're more experienced & knowledgable than the last time you entered.You'll soon be bouncing off enemy heads as you fly through the castle looking for more loot, or the boss room to advance yourself.Fantastic game with sublime controls. 8/10My review isn;t that in depth, but there isn't much to say that hasn't been said already, If you're remotely interested, just buy it, the game is great."
76561198108284979,Recommended,241600,23385389,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Notthebadguy,"5 reasons I love this game:1. It is simple, yet addicting. You could just play a quick run for 10 minutes or you can play for hours on end to earn upgrades and try and make more progress in the castle.2. You will always have more milestones to reach. When you're starting out, struggling to defeat enemies, and have no mastery of the controls you will be motivated just to have runs that contribute anything to your game. Whatever money you make is lost if you don't spend it, and everytime you buy an upgrade, the cost of all the upgrades available slightly increases.You're motivation is just to improve, however you can. Strive for runs where you get just far enough to afford something that can make your situation a bit easier. As you start to acquire upgrades and get used to the controls, you find you can make more money, but you also need to earn more to keep upgrading your characters. Then you may get far enough to fight the area boss, but you will probably get decimated by them. So you're goal is to fight them more, to learn their patterns and try to defeat them.Then you finally defeat the boss, but you have 3 other areas to explore, which means going deeper in the castle to fight tougher enemies and surviving enough to challenge 3 more bosses, who will also demand a similar learning curve and challenge you to reach them while earning upgrades to increase your chances. This excellent pacing makes it so the game is constantly rewarding.3. The game has a lot of variety thanks to the randomized layouts, traits, character classes, and rune/weapon unlocks. It's really fun to experiment with different classes and test out new gear and runes. There are also a large variety of enemies with various patterns to keep you on your toes.4. This game has a nice metrovanian art style and a good soundtrack as well. I especially like Ponce de Leon's theme.5. Unlimited New Game +'s. Nuff said."
76561197991546761,Recommended,241600,29360802,Posted: 19 January,all,deeper-thought,"Rogue Legacy is my favorite Indy game of all time. If you like 2D action platformers with randomized dungeons, generational upgrades, extremely tight and responsive controls, and a little humor thrown in, then this is your game.Just to be clear, though, this game is HARD. While it is possible to beat the game in only a few lives (see speedruns), most players will never get that good and it will take you many generations of heroes before you are able to reach the end. If you are like me and you enjoy the gameplay, then you won't mind that, and you will have fun experimenting with different playstyles along the way. Most of the negative reviewers don't seem to be onboard with the whole concept of a roguelike..."
,Recommended,241600,11322913,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,HalfSquirrel,"As the Steam description for the game says, Rogue Legacy is a Rogue-”Lite” platformer-type thing where you travel through 2D rooms slaying the castle’s inhabitants either by sword or by spell. There is a large variety of traits you can get to either benefit or harm your Rogue Legacy run as the heir to a hero trying to save the king with a cure that can be found in the castle. There’s even a pretty interesting amount of different spells you can get, ranging from throwing a dagger, to a circle of fireballs around you, to a couple crows that will home in on enemies and kill them.You might have heard that this game is extremely difficult, and in a way, it is. It’s hard to start out against the new monsters and the weird mechanics of the game, but once you get the hang of it, there really isn’t much else you can do to get better other than upgrade your castle. So rather than it being particularly challenging, it’s more just time consuming. I’m not saying this in a bad way though, I rather like it. It’s still never extremely easy, and as you complete the game more it still gets more difficult. It’s really fun to slowly upgrade your character, barely managing to pay for that upgrade and having to do another run to get some more.The world generation in this game gives you a lot of different rooms that you will experience a lot and eventually get the hang of. There are spike traps, wall turrets and platforms that only come out when you hit them, all used to add to the challenge of moving around, which is a very important mechanic to get the hang of. Some rooms will be extremely challenging with valuable prizes when completed, and some rooms will be a simple stroll through a hall.Spending your money properly is vital to performing well. You need to buy the things that will benefit you most and improve your runs. If you find yourself running out of mana quickly, maybe you should increase your mana capacity, or if you find yourself not doing enough damage, you should increase your health. If you find yourself playing as certain classes a lot, you should upgrade them to improve their abilities. And then there’s always the blacksmith and enchantress, who will get you very important items that may even benefit you more than a manor upgrade. You can buy swords and armour and capes from the blacksmith, along with runes from the enchantress to allow your character to do all sorts of different abilities like draining the health of your enemies and being able to fly, or making the difficulty a bit harder for better rewards. What do you think is more important? That will determine the success of a Rogue Legacy run.Though the storyline isn’t one of the bigger aspects of the game, I find it kind of intriguing to learn things from the Prince’s Journal that you’ve experienced yourself. After completing the journal, I haven’t gone back to read them all in order but it was fun to find the journals scattered around the castles randomly and read a bit of the backstory of the game.Although this game does last a lot of hours, and you will be able to play it for a while, it doesn’t have infinite replayability. Once you get through all the bosses enough times, all that makes the game harder is increased damage/health, and not new enemies to fight. It does get boring eventually, and once it gets to a certain point there’s just no reason to continue. Still, this game will last enough hours to be worth buying.This game may not be worth $15, but any sale that happens for this game makes it probably worth looking into if you like Rogue-lite platformer type games. It’s extremely fun, a challenge worth looking into and plenty of gameplay to go through. I recommend Rogue Legacy to anyone who likes this sort of game."
,Recommended,241600,13755507,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,phantom2450,"Rogue Legacyis a standout title in the roguelike crowd that deserves attention due to its satisfying platforming elements and unique randomization premise, though its system does inhibit replayability due to difficulty issues.This game's trademark is its dual-randomization aspect, in which both the character the player uses and the layout of the castle that the game takes place in are randomized each playthrough. The backstory under which these factors are justified is equally intriguing: for every character that dies during their journey, one of three of their descendants will be the next to journey into the castle, which is apparently renovated in between each excursion. The usage of the lineage system to limit character choices keeps the game fresh by not allowing the player to avoid bad traits or unpreferred classes when they appear. However, this method does have issues due to the limited quantity of bad traits and the fact that they often are either ""not impactful to gameplay"" or ""downright game-destroying""; some more meaningful downgrades that players would not necessarily spell defeat for players would have benefitted the game.Further deviation from the normal roguelike setup comes from the fact thatRogue Legacycontains an RPG-like permanent upgrade system. Money earned in the game during a run carries over beyond death to an skill tree which grows to include unlockable classes and buffs, alongside general stat increases, over time. The game also features a basic armor system, with blueprints to be found in-game that unlock different pieces for purchase. Due to a lack of customization options for the attributes attached to the armors, however, by the end of the game there will only be around two different sets of armor that are feasible to use, since all the others would generally leave you too weak. Unlockable improvements to the armor to make the lesser sets more valuable would have made the armor system much more deep. To make up for this lack of customization, though, comes the final perk system, which allows the player to attach up to five perks before a run. These perks can acclimate to various playstyles and balances out the luck effect of the roguelike factors with the skill of the player in their preferred method of playing.Other aspects of this game are on-point. The gameplay as a platformer is responsive and adjusts accordingly to traits and perks, helping players concisely feel the effects that they're playing under. Combat is sometimes too floaty, as many flying enemies recoil too far from attacks for the player to prepare for/respond to naturally. Largely, though, the game feels fair in how enemies and rooms are designed in order to give players a fighting chance. Bosses vary widely and require strategizing from players, especially underleveled ones, in order to be defeated. The game's aesthetics are aided in part by its catchy chiptune soundtrack and the creators' humor, which is incorporated throughout the game in unexpected places. The game's lore is even decent, as diaries laid out by a previous denizen of the castle detail prior occurrences and tease some endgame events. The castle format smartly balances randomization and predetermination by allocating certain extremities of the castle to be certain areas (and thus certain degrees of difficulty), meaning that players that wish to face challenges above or below their own level can travel in certain directions - a useful mechanism that both rewards learning the attributes of different areas and surprises new players with unexpected challenges.There are some downfalls that occur due toRogue Legacy's mixing of genre elements. One significant issue involves the game's difficulty in later playthroughs. The game's balancing system levels out permanent upgrades in the skill tree with huge improvements to the enemies after the player beats the game. This system works for a number of victories through the game. However, at a certain point during games, the skill tree will eventually max out. At that point, further progress becomes largely impossible past whichever current playthrough that player is on. This issue can be exploited much earlier in a playthrough with abuse of the aforementioned perk system. With overuse of the ""enemy weakening"" perk, players could potentially inadvertently ruin their saves by beating the game so many times with reduced rewards (a downside of the perk) that the game may be unable to beat even with the perks, impossible to get past the first room without any of the perks and the player won't have enough resources to improve themselves. Such an exploit should have been either worked around or patched out altogether in order to protect the integrity of players' runs.The RPG implementations cause unforeseen issues with the levelling system and prevent this roguelike from possessing the endless replayability that the genre is known for. However, as a venture into uncharted territory, this game provides an admirable experience that is driven by strong fundamentals and a memorable randomization system that fittingly gives this title a ""legacy"" of its own.Rogue Legacygets a B-."
,Recommended,241600,31248652,Posted: 19 April,all,zythra,"I just finished my first run through of this game (unlocked + mode) and I loved it.  It reminded me of the classic NES games I played as a kid.  Brutally hard at times, frustrating at times, but always fun.  Excellent platformer with huge replayability.  I got it on sale a few months ago for 3 bucks and it is easily worth a few times that."
76561197979701734,Recommended,241600,7935769,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,plagia,"For all the oldschool Castlevania lovers.This game have this ""Just one more round"" feeling.Definitelly a worth buying."
,Recommended,241600,8162101,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Robot lord of Tokyo,"This game does take a few risks when it comes to rogue-like genre's heritage, but these risks fall short of spoiling the incredible amounts of fun."
,Recommended,241600,13464709,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Monty,"Thumb-Blisteringly Good / Salaciously Fine / Upgradetastic / Bodaciously Pixelated / Sword-Swingingly Swingy / Half-Dragon-y / Balls-'o-Death-y /PITS OF SPIKES EVERYWHERE, CRY INTO APROPRIATELY FANTASY THEMED PILLOW WITH DECEASED DESCENDANT'S PICTURE FRAMES ADORNING THE ROOM."
,Recommended,241600,24075600,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dragonstriker911,"129 of my family dead, but I did it."
,Recommended,241600,23763262,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Feared Alien Voodoo,Blue blood simulator.Spawn generations of giant gay colorblind children.Build a down syndrome army of wizods.Fun for the entire inbred family.If there is a chance you might not ever get any actionDo not fear!You will always have your Rogue Legacy offspringto carry on your family name.To the castle and beyond!
,Recommended,241600,9895260,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,mfcord,"In this game you will die. You will die a lot.But it is not just because the game is insanely hard (although it is a little bit), but death plays a very fundamental role here.When you die with a character, you won't be able to play with it again. Instead, you will have to choose among three of his or her heirs. Every character is randomly generated, with classes and traits that directly affect gameplay in very interesting and clever manners. The map also changes for every generation, so you'll have new challenges, treasures and secrets after every death.The point is that every generation will be more powerful than its predecessor, once you'll have the opportunity to buy status, equipment and abilities with what was found in the castle by the previous character. So there is going to be a very clear feel of progress even if you die a lot in the beggining of the game, being able to survive a little bit more with each character generated.So don't get frustrated when you die. Don't give up, because this game is totally worthy! Every single element was pretty well planned and applied, like the controls, graphics, sound, music etc. A really enjoyable, fun, addictive and remarkable game. Without a shred of doubt this is a must-have to all fans of the metroidvania genre."
76561198002124849,Recommended,241600,29907199,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"Great blend of action platforming, roguelike, and Castlevania-style gameplay.Unfortunately, it does tend to fall apart at the very high levels and the repetitiveness might wear you down, as well as the absurd number of enemies that rely on projectile attacks.Overall, extremely fun and worth it."
,Recommended,241600,8055585,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Myk,"Just a quick review for those who are wondering if the game's worth purchasing.Short answer: yes, unless you can't stand platformers and/or grinding.The game is obviously one big grinding campaign, but it's enjoyable and does not feel like a chore for multiple reasons. The platforming controls are finely tuned, the random dungeons are designed well, with pretty much no choking points that affect progress (and you have the option to revisit a dungeon after dying if you want to), the challenge does not feel unfair, and the customization options like the runes and upgrades (not to mention the character classes) let you taper the game pretty much exactly to your liking.I have to say I enjoyed this game more than Borderlands 1 & 2, for example, where difficulty feels too level handicap biased and you run into tough choke spots all the time.Looking forward to playing New Game+ and recommend everyone to pick this up, even at full price.PS. If you're a Mac user like me, rest assured the port is great and the controller support is flawless (I'm using a old Logitech Rumblepad 2)."
,Recommended,241600,21599925,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Tahnun,One of my favourite platformers.
,Recommended,241600,12926036,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Redo,"Player death is an important part of most videogames and has been for a long time. Every monster wants to kill you, and then you have to start again from scratch. A lot of games hold your hand, dust you down and sit you right back where you left off, as if nothing ever happened. Not so in Rogue Legacy, death is the most important thing. Death may start your game from scratch, but it also allows you to move on, to grow your dynasty and make them stronger. It’s also about killing things and trashing furniture for spare change, but that sounds far less impressive.Rogue Legacy is a ‘Metroidvania’ game, a platformer where your character navigates a location, backtracking where necessary and trying to solve puzzles while on your way to a final boss. As you find out pretty quickly, Rogue Legacy is not as forgiving as those games were. Your first character runs, jumps, hacks monsters, loots gold and dies. You get to see images of everything you killed and are told to press A to move on.And move on, you must. Instead of starting from scratch, you pick one of three children, but now there are different classes, traits and spells. The opening classes are all fairly limited and the spells are pretty basic. What really stands out are their traits, and I’ll get on to those shortly.Once you’ve picked your character, you spend your dead parent’s gold on improving your home, then pay the rest to a grim gatekeeper to enter the monsters’ castle and start again. The interior of the castle will change each time, presenting procedurally-generated rooms filled with monsters and traps. You traverse the castle trying not to die and lasting as long as possible, delving deeper into the castle.It sounds simple, and it pretty much is. The progression and the randomly-made characters make all the difference in each playthrough. Your home helps improve your chances with each successive generation. You can upgrade classes, add new ones, get stat bumps and even buy new equipment which will inevitably be passed on to your next of kin, and oh what glorious children you’ve had.I said before that you have three children to choose from, but sometimes it’s less a choice of how you want to play your next life, more like having to pick which dysfunctional mess of a child won’t hinder you the most. Your first kid looks to be the most powerful, gigantism doubling his sprite size and his class is barbarian king, but he has vertigo and while you play as him the screen’s flipped upside down. Your next choice is skinny and easily knocked back, but he’s a mage with OCD and will gain mana for each piece of furniture he cleans away (destroys). The third is the weak knave, but his dyslexia jumbles any words you read as him around, and his nostalgia simply puts a sepia tone on the game until he’s dead. Do you play it safe with the knave or pick the mage and hope to hang back from any monsters? It’s a difficult choice.Each trait could potentially add something minor, although bald or gay characters have no difference to play style. You might be blessed with no feeling in your feet and not set off pressure traps. You might be totally immune to pain though, and that means you can’t see your health bar. Gigantism makes your sprite tougher and taller while characters with dwarfism are able to slip through secret passages. Each combination of traits puts the game in a new light, along with the different layout and the incremental improvements.The improvements is one of the ways they hook you. After dying, you ‘move on’ and you can only spend your rewards after starting a new life. Then you earn more money, die and want to upgrade again, so you press A and pick a new character.The game adopts a fairly standard ‘retro’ look, with a simple enough style to the castle, better than the original Castlevania but worse than most outings. It’s cute, but the main feature is the way each character looks slightly different depending on their traits and gear. Even though this is a PC game, it feels best on a controller, just like the Metroidvania games of old.Roguelike games have become increasingly popular of late and it’s great to see one which rewards you for all the time spent by allowing a form of character progression. It’s mitigated to a point by having you lose all your money before entering a castle and each purchased bonus makes all the others more expensive. As much as I have enjoyed the Binding of Isaac and FTL, Rogue Legacy is a game which cares about constant progression even in a roguelike game and lets you invest in dozens of generations of knights all on their doomed quest to conquer the castle."
,Recommended,241600,9094317,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Super Galaxy Crimson Ash,It's like crack in video game form
76561198048289797,Recommended,241600,15607466,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Major Puddin,"This game is ridiculously fun and is probably one of the best rogue-likes on the market, the worst part about this game is that not everyone has it"
76561198028224302,Recommended,241600,13455778,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kelp,"The game is perfect. It has no flaws. Perfect soundtrack, perfect gameplay, perfect mechanics. Not counting graphics or storyline, because they are not factors of a good game. But they're perfect anyways.If you find yourself stuck in this game, don't give up and give this game a bad review. If you are losing it is your fault. I have beaten the game three times, and it gets funner, and easier, every time.I would recommend this game to anyone with large enough hands to hold an xbox controller."
,Recommended,241600,31039219,Posted: 9 April,all,MonsterFox,"Probably one of the best Rogue Like games I have ever played so far, as there's actually some form of progress.Very fun!"
,Recommended,241600,6863713,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Digital Happiness,"Don't get fooled by their cute apperance, this game is hardcore! mixed from capcom ghost n goblins and a bit of dark souls, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,241600,21478878,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Hooloovoo,"This game is a load of fun. I think this is my favorite type of Roguelike game. Doing well enough in a run will get you more money, thus allowing you to buy more classes or upgrades for your characters. Everyone run is different. Before you start a run, you get to choose an adventurer. The adventurers you get to choose from are all random, so you could have a really bad pool to pick from sometimes. Other times, it'll be great.The concept is really well done, and definitely has it's humor to it. One of the quirks your hero can have is IBS, which just makes them fart occasionally. It does nothing else. People can have really silly names, and it's just generally a lighthearted game.It's also addictive as hell. It's really easy to set goals in the game, It's really easy to just keep playing. Just one more. Just one more. 3 hours later, you bought that health upgrade, but you probably should have gone to sleep 4 hours ago. I say 4 hours, because it's 4 in the morning, and you meant to go to sleep at 12.The bosses are also well designed, and enjoyable to fight. Even the super hard versions of the bosses, although they are really damn hard.This game does have NG+, but I really didn't play it too much, so I can't comment on it.For $15, I'd thoroughly recommend this game to someone who wants an rpg-ish roguelike game."
76561198087979217,Recommended,241600,12857222,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,KnightGalavant,"I came into this game expecting a easy and classic platformer. Boy, was I wrong! Instead, Rogue Legacy gave me the funnest and hardest experience I ever had. This genre of rogue-like games is a blessing to other game genres out there. Instead of a linear story and a one way approach, Rogue Legacy pitted me against the unknown.This unknown was the part of the charm of the game. I never knew what to expect in the next room because every version of the castle differed from the rest. However, there is a way for the heroes to keep the same version of the castle and it is by reducing the amount of gold earned. Speaking of this feature, the other features that Rogue Legacy presented broaden the aspects of the game.Rogue Legacy offered the ability to upgrade the castle so that the heroes would have better skills and more job advancements. In addition, every hero is unique due to the randomization that the game does. Some heroes may be of a certain class or possess a certain trait that would be vital to complete certain areas of the game.To recap, I ventured into this game with a completely different mindset. After completing the game, I realized the potential Rogue Legacy has and how satisfying the gameplay was. Even though the game provided me a few hours of enjoyment, it's a good game to purchase when it goes on sale.Rating:  7.8/10 (78%)Achievements: 26/28 (93%)Game Done."
,Recommended,241600,2546219,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Aurumlamina,"I was looking forward to this game even from the early previews, though it's even better than I had hoped for!The gameplay is a lot of fun, the legacy system (where you level up your entire bloodline instead of just an individual) works extraordinarily well, and the unlockable manor upgrades and items to discover make this one of the best games I've played in awhile.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,241600,7915670,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,corrosivefrost,"Ever think to yourself ""What if a great rogue-like platformer like Spelunky was mixed with something in the vein of those classic 'Metroidvania' games?""Me neither.But these developers did.  And it's one of those games where dying just makes you want to try again.  And again.  And again.  You'll be on the edge of your seat as you try to squeak through another room ever so carefully to get those last pieces of gold so your death will not be for naught.BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198037903322,Recommended,241600,29855735,Posted: 11 February,all,GoopifManEGO,"This procedurally generated game has a big emphasis on death and each time you die, you lose your character forever and start with one of three characters with a random class and trait. It’s clearly inspired by Dark Souls in many ways so if you like that game, chances are you’ll like this one. This game makes death a reward in a way because that’s when you finally get to level up, this makes this game extremely addictive. It should be noted that the game lacks variety, especially in the boss design which seems like the idea between all of them is a giant version of a normal enemy. The first four bosses are just a floating ball that shoots stuff at you. The game feels like it could use some more types of combat or weapon upgrades, since the only weapon is the sword and the shield is never very affective. Every new area doesn’t introduce anything interesting besides a few enemies and a there is a huge overuse of flying enemies that gets worse with each area. Since the games aren’t completely randomly generated and just chosen randomly from a selection of pre-made rooms, you start to notice repetition a few hours into the game. Even though I have a few complaints with this game it is really fun and addictive. There’s not the same kind of issues I see with other indie games which are unpolished. I think the main failings of the game aren’t really the developers fault as much as the game needing more time and funding. But taking the game as it is, I think it’s an extremely fun, satisfying, challenging, and rewarding game."
,Recommended,241600,33103487,Posted: 1 July,all,GrizzGarner,"If you're looking for some straight foward, arcadey goodness, Rogue Legacy might be just what you're looking for.In Rogue Legacy you get the play the latest hero in a long (and lengthening) genetic line of heros that set out to take on the strongest monsters in the castle, to make the most gold and get the most loot. Each time you enter the castle/dungeon, you get to play in a virtually brand new procedurely generated area everytime. Everytime you die, that character is remembered in the time-line and you play as one of the heros of the next generation, continuing the good fight for gold and glory.What really puts a good spin on this game is that each character will have different qualities and attributes based on their genetic line. Some characters might be color-blind, some characters might be dwarfs, some might be large and powerful, and some might be just a little off their rockers.This and the ability to save gold to purchase upgrades and new quirks overtime adds a remarking amount of replayability to a very straight foward dungeon crawler meets beat-em-up adventure. The retro graphics and very fitting, and the soundtrack is absolutely phenomenal, oozing with retro NES-inspired goodness.Don't expect this game to be a walk in the park, however. Along with it's stunning NES inspired aesthetic is NES-par difficulty, and this game defenintely presents a good challenge. Expect to die a lot...however you can rest easy knowing that most all deaths that occur in this game will be entirely due to your own decisions and poor choices than unfair or artificial difficulty, which makes it all the more rewarding when you break into new areas and unlock new abilities.You won't find a whole lot of story here, but really, it's not incredibly neccessary... the gravy is in the gameplay, and you'd better be stocked on biscuits.To retro-gaming or Rogue-like fans, I strongly recommend this game.Graphics - 8/10Sound - 10/10Gameplay - 10/10Story - 3/10 *null*World - 5/10Total - 8/10."
76561198069731880,Recommended,241600,9374480,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,networker13,"This game is crazy addictive, I've beaten it twice and now I can't seem to beat two of the epic bosses.  I love that you can adjust difficulty to make it as hardcore or easy-peasy as you want."
,Recommended,241600,33465505,Posted: 11 July,all,Brody,"Let me be clear that I felt compelled to write a review after I tried this game; quit and came back a few years later. I'm not sure how many updates this game gets or how many it has had in the past, but something has definitely changed from when I first tried it. The game can be somewhat frustrating with it's platform puzzles and enemy types but overall it's a solid hit at this point. Get it on a sale or full price, if Castlevania:SOTN was your first foray into the metroidvania genre then this game should feel right at home.Pros-Death doesn't feel too punishing.-Music isn't too bland/repetitive.-Trait system adds a bit of fun/flair to the game.-Manor system is pretty damn fun and I enjoy seeing my castle be built damn it.Cons-Trait system can be punishing only SOMETIMES.-Gold is a bit hard to get until you level up your gold farm/miner system.-Enemies/particles can clutter the screen; especially noticeable on a certain boss.-The jumps are sensitive as all hell sometimes and can mess up the platforming."
76561198041477807,Not Recommended,241600,8374772,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Monkey_Socrates,"Too repetitive for me. Being new to the genre, I kept playing with the expectation that the gameplay would evolve/deepen over time. Sadly, it is just a miserable grind. The game's description suggests that you leave all your loot from each run to your next of kin, but this is not true. If you don't have enough gold to purchase another upgrade, you end up losing it every time you re-enter the castle. This made me feel like the game was wasting a lot of my time. Also, the quirky genetic charateristics of each successive line (vertigo, dyslexia, IBS, etc) are generally gimmicky and not meaningful. Not sure why this was highlighted as a selling point, since the game would have been the same/better without them.  I usually finish games I play, even when they're not 100% enjoyable. However, 10 hours of this game was about 8 hours too many, and I won't be playing any more. Which is a bummer because I had been looking forward to this game for a while. Glad I got it on sale."
76561198111017763,Recommended,241600,24178497,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dinnex,This game was a nice little surprise. Super cheap picked up on sale. Didn't expect much. This game is really addicting. You keep saying one more run.....and its 5am. Highly recommend solid 9.5 out of 10.
,Recommended,241600,27430932,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Anythralus,"Rogue Legacy is probably one of the best recreation games out there, its replayability is fascinating and it's not that addictive so you can play it on a sane level.There are few things that can refresh you after a rough day and Rogue Legacy are one of those things."
,Recommended,241600,9186917,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Bor Gullet The Truth Squid,"Like Mr. Bucket, this game is buckets of fun. Unlike Mr. Bucket, you'll die 200 times before you can finish it."
,Recommended,241600,12894324,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,slyfuldragon,"Want to Castle Crawl? Buy this game!Want your children to carry your legacy? Buy this game!Want to die over and over again, without the penalty of lossing everything? Buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,241600,13658270,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Chevalier de la Saucisse,This game is really fun at first. Then it becomes a repetitive time-sucking monster.
76561198008567193,Recommended,241600,23400097,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Bertram X,"Finished the first playthrough in about 3 hours with my godlike platformer skill.More likely with the experience from excessive playing of the castlevania series!Pro:- Nice graphics; retro looking, but fluent and pleasing to watch- good music; relaxed to energizing 8bit soundtrack- progression is logical; you loose your gold upon entering the ""dungeon"", everything you earn until dying can be spent on upgrades for your next run, thus, your ""children"" will gain more and more power and will be able to explore the castle further, gain more gold for upgrades and equip and so forth- controls are responsive and not too complicated. I recommend a controller, but a keyboard can do just fine- humor is ""special"" as are your heroescons:- progression depends on your platforming skill. HARD. Before getting used to the controls and the feeling of jumps and attacks, you will die against everything. And if you die before collecting enough gold for an upgrade, the life of the sad lad and the run was complete time wasting. Better git gut or struggle the feel of a grindfest.- Thats the only con i can give you for a 1.50€ game, if you like platformers and are able to learn quick, just give it a go. If you manage to quit before 2 hours, get your refund. I could not quit..."
,Recommended,241600,16738147,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,You have been banned.,"Without a doubt one of the most fun games I've played my entire life.Just a shame that if you tryhard it, it sort of kills the fun and it ends fast.This game + controllers + some friends and you'll be having yourself a ♥♥♥♥ton of fun playing.Really reccommend this game."
76561198085028296,Not Recommended,241600,13783862,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Disclosure,"Game handles like a shopping cart with a keyboard, strongly suggest using a controller."
,Not Recommended,241600,8601913,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,StanleyPain,"It's a great concept, but the whole ""randomly killing you"" thing gets tiresome pretty fast.  Traditionally, Roguelikes were hard, but they were rarely ever about cheap deaths.  Being cautious is what led you to success in those older Rogue style titles, not constantly being killed.  I wonder if a lot of devs these days ever played the old titles they claim to be tributing, because even though a lot of older RPGs had higher difficulty curves and things like perma-death, it was always sort of an element to the game rather than being its defining factor.  Games with harsh difficult like Dark Souls are offset by the fact that deaths are a learning experience and tactics matter, but none of those things really apply to Rogue Legacy because it's all so thoroughly random.   This, in and of itself, really wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the fact you are constantly punished by having your money taken away when you restart which effectively makes the challenge far more unreasonable.  I could also put up with the inclusion of ridiculous insta-death crap more if the controls were better but as it stands they are awful.  There's is a detectable lag between button presses and on-screen action (just the tiniest lag, but just enough to make it feel murky), and the movement controls are terrible with a controller or keyboard.  Barely moving the 360 controller stick results in your character moving some random distance from where they were.  performing platforming parts are excruciating because of this.  There is no tight accuracy, like what you would need to play it properly.  I have no problem with hardcore difficulty or random elements, but it all just seems like it wasn't really thought out very well and the game effectively relies on you dying hundreds of deaths just to make progress.  I can see why a lot of people like it, but it didn't sit well with me and might not really work for others.  I got it in a bundle, so I can't say I don't feel like I've been ripped off, though."
,Recommended,241600,15103180,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,mEEmM4star von U🥛,"Really fun rogue-like with a castlevania vibe to it, I highly recomend using ps3/ps4 or logitech controller for it.I'd give the game 9/10"
76561197972291747,Recommended,241600,8759195,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,meathorse,"Rogue Legacy is a side scrolling, action RPG platformer through a randomly generated dungeon. It's also a whole bucket of fun. Big thumbs up.I recommend viewing this trailer.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLD8VzhhDjQI also recommend using some kind of controller. God help anyone who tries to use keyboard and mouse.Gameplay: Run and jump around a 2D world killing things, dodging things, and collecting money to spend on upgrades.Presentation: Fun and colorful. The crunchy sound effects are satisfying. The flavor is funny, right down to the ever-hysterical run animation; a sword outstretched, head held high, sprinting high-step that all but screams ""CHEARGE!""Gimmick: When you die, and you will die a lot, your character dies permanently. The game ends and you return to the main menu. To continue your adventure, you select one of the 3 generated heirs of your recently deceased playable character. They each have a randomly assigned class and various genetic traits. Some traits are useful, like dwarfism, which lets you access areas a full sized person can't. Some of them are harmful, like near sightedness, which makes things farther away from your character blurry. Some of them are amusing and useless, such as hypochondria, which falsely exaggerates the damage you take... for example, being hit for 10 damage might cause a big red ""2,308"" to pop up over your head.Your selected heir will inherit their predecessor's collected money, unlocked passive skill tree bonuses, and purchased equipment. So while the character himself/herself is essentially rerolled upon death, everything aside from their name, class and traits are retained. A quick sample of what the skill tree looks like can be found here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9entjQ2hU-8Dying also regenerates the dungeon, so your offspring don't have to retrace any identical steps.I wasn't too sure about this game at first. I was terrible at it, and often died before obtaining enough money for my heirs to purchase anything of use. But Rogue Legacy's amusing presentation helped me to stick with it through the initial difficulties. After a couple of hours I was competent enough to make some decent runs and became hooked for good. I'm now 18 hours and 160 dead ancestors in. Still going strong.You'll get your money's worth here."
,Recommended,241600,8062146,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Oolen,"This game is hard, but it's designed in a way that with each death, you'll want to try again in the hopes that you'll get just a little bit further than last time. Constant rewards and clever mechanics keeps you playing until the end."
,Recommended,241600,10970806,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Lt. Vixen,50% RPG50% Platformer50% Rage GameBecause this game is 150% awesome. c:
76561198045016592,Recommended,241600,10860781,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,asdew3,twas great
,Recommended,241600,5017569,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Kouga Wolf 選択の運命,"I loved this game until I went flipping crazy. I am sick of it but it was a damn good run! Love this, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,241600,10509115,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,nebolian,"Let me just start by saying, this game a masterpiece. it takes concepts from older games and flips them on their heads. It takes old platforming and RPG elements and combines them with rogue-like gameplay and makes a whole new kind of game. The difficulty is gradual and you can take it at your own pace. Personally I liked to go in, get as much money as possible so I can upgrade, and repeat until I thought I was ready for that boss. Definately an improvement over the game that they made about the guy trying not to♥♥♥♥♥♥his pants. I get into more detail about this game in my review on teh yootoob, so check it out if you get the chance.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFCVBgIH51g. Extreemly good game, I would suggest this game to everyone and anyone with steam. Even if they don't like indie styled platformers, this game is an experience that must be shared."
,Recommended,241600,11234314,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Metafree,A game that is addictive its honestly one of the only singleplayer games i enjoy alot
,Recommended,241600,9634917,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,eᛞᚾᛟᛗᛒᛟᚱ,"Rogue Legacy feels a lot like a kid's castlevania. This game tries hard to combine minimal rogue elements with 2d dungeon crawling. I'd suggest adding way more variability in enemies and bosses, more complicated hereditary diseases/buffs, more areas, and more randomization of rooms, and I'd play it forever. It might be within the developers interests to release a devkit for people to submit bosses/enemies or even written concepts for the game to make it better. Has a lot of room to grow, but I don't see it growing yet sadly."
,Recommended,241600,18306144,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,J ChaoXxS,"Excellent (and) challenging game:-low but nice graphics, game can be runned on bad PCs-can be played with or without controller-Neat little story-multiple bosses and enemies categorized in classes and difficulties-optional Neo bosses (waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay harder versions of the normal bosses)-a great archive of fitting music-if done correctly it has a high addiction potential-unique heros to play with (multiple classes, traits and skills, equipment and enchantments)-""always"" changing setting, categorized in four sections: castle, forest, tower and dungeon.A fun and great game to waste time on. The Neo bosses were pretty frustraiting for my 100%.9/10 would play again. :)""A game that makes u smile sometimes, A game that make u rage a lot"":)"
76561198148195088,Recommended,241600,28030007,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sean Gayman,"This game is really good the first run through, progression feels nice and there is quite a lot to do.I wouldn't count on having the same amount of fun in newgame+ and beyond. Evuantally you will run out of cool upgrades to buy and equipment to unlock and its just a slow grind getting better stats.That said Rogue Legacy gives a lot of content for its cost and has pretty good combat and platforming."
76561198035809038,Recommended,241600,7884839,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Windybeard,"Incredible game, Great Developers! I would recomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,241600,21488160,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mariofan0,"Rogue Legacy is a Highly Addictive, Extremely enjoyable, 2D Action Platformer, with Metroidvaina style exploration, and Roguelike elements.Random Dungeons, Upgrades, Equipment, Character Classes, New Game+, and Powerful Bosses are just some of the things I really enjoyed about this title.Game looks and sounds great for what it is, boss fights especially have great music tracks to listen to.Platforming is really solid, very fluid, giving the player considerable contol over their Chosen Hero.Overall if your interested in this sort of game, I highly reccomend buying a copy, its definetly a 9.5/10 experience with very few flaws overall, and great gameplay to boot."
,Recommended,241600,20003459,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Talibantechie,"So much fun!!! Exciting platformer for noobs and pros a like.Every life you will die, but will you make it further eacch time?Collect gold to spend on your next life(your heir), each life you get to pick 1 of 3 children to play as. Each of them different, by quarks, class and spells. Upgrade your castle(skill tree systemish) or upgrade your armor/weapon/cape, maybe you want to buy double jump? How about flying? More gold %?Game is very open on customability and a great pick up.I bought this game when it was released on steam. I put it down once and awhile, but like always. Very fun picking back up and diving into the dungeons."
76561198054867171,Recommended,241600,20759037,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Tyrone7570,I absolutely adore this game. It was one I was compelled to get every achievement simply out of dedication to its quality. I can't recommend it enough.
,Recommended,241600,20496304,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,pirate,"I seriously can't think of a way to make this game better!At first I hated the game but this was because I was playing on an outdated PC with not enough RAM or an outdated video card. It ran really slow, loading was slow, my character/enemies were sluggish, and text dialogue was slow.. I thought that was how the game actually was and I didn't like it. But now after playing on my actual current laptop (released ~2013) it's perfect.I keep coming back to play this game! It's super challenging and fun.The perma-death aspect reminds me of RotMG, which I used to play, except you get to keep equips and upgrades which is more or less your progress.The maps are randomized, and sometimes you can find fun or rewarding bonus rooms, which is always a nice surprise and cool/funny..I like how you are always switching characters so you have to adjust your playstyle differently for each run.So many tiny features like these that make the game fun and rewarding. And it's CHALLENGING but not frustrating!Sometimes when I want to stop playing I say ""okay only one more run and Im leaving""... and 5 or 10 runs later I leave XDawesome :)"
76561198203587925,Recommended,241600,20634244,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,SuperDuperTaco,"Today, I got to play as a Miner with Autism.10/10 Equality for all minorities. ;)"
,Recommended,241600,27901547,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Captain is kill,"My apologies to the devs on this one.I bought this game about 3 years ago, played for about 45 minutes and stopped. I was kind of bored.Fast forward to today where I am actually really enjoying it. It's a clever system, a completely randomized castle every time, and your heirs get to carry upgraded traits forward. The progression system is intelligent.Fight through the steep difficulty curve, I can confirm that this game gets really fun after about 15-20 generations."
,Recommended,241600,29371203,Posted: 20 January,all,"❤️if nero is a weeb, so am i","While the game is fun, the boss battles and general elements can be extremely overwhelming. In Ponce de Leon's boss, there are flying spike balls as well as fireballs that disappear every 10 seconds or so. He also trails you the entire time. While the game is fun and its challenge is mostly based on skill, it's moments like these that kind of sour the experience."
76561198035130011,Recommended,241600,34886923,Posted: 11 September,all,Phalange,"Awesome music, Awesome artstyle. The game starts very hard, it feels unfair but quickly becomes interesting as you improve you character though your mutliple deaths, you go back until you get bored. You will not get bored easily as the game gives you a great sense of progression and every run is different, I don't even know if there is an end to this game but it's ok because it will always has a challenge for you. I review this games years after having played it but I remember it as a super fun experience."
01000100011001010,Recommended,241600,7439473,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Detlik,"Listen here and listen well.This game is a true gem. Metroid-vania 2D game with charming graphics. Not good enough? How about Metroid-vania roguelike? Still not good enough? How about fricking Metroid-vania roguelike with plenty of customization to mix and try to find the combination of runes and equipment just for you. Still not satifsied?What if I were to tell you that each of your new characters wont be the same? How about a dwarf with ADHD that will run so fast he will stab enemies before he will even get to their shins? Or how about a giant with colorblindness and vertigo, which won't get you too far in the game. And now add to this random character generator possiblity of classes, and I guarantee you that one typical tactic won't work everytime.And as it goes with roguelikes, this is no walk in the park.But believe me when I say you will get your money worth. This comes from someone who played the game for over 40 hours, unlocked every single achievement, bought everything that could be bought in game and reached New Game +6.Buy it, and hopefully love it as much as I did."
,Recommended,241600,9617121,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,JayEm,"It's like Dark Souls on 2D. Which means it's hard to clear for the 1st time. And the challenge scales pretty fast if you decide to clear it multiple times.The heir system can surprise you. Sometimes you just want to pick one to kill it or take the best choice for certain bosses.The game's complex, hard and sometimes even frustrating. But it all pays off when you kill that certain boss you got 10 of your characters killed for."
,Recommended,241600,11084391,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Blazebeak🔥,"I don't really know what to say, it is a great Metroidvania Indie game. 8.75/10."
,Recommended,241600,8735607,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,^5S^4p^6o^3o^2k^4y,Worst RTS ever total Portal 2 rip off
,Recommended,241600,10022517,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Friz,"Another of my favorite games on Steam. This game has everything I like all wrapped up into 1 game. It is a roguelike game, so expect to die a lot. I usually don't like roguelikes, but this game added the most important part of enjoyment for me; being able to upgrade your character after every run. You have a castle that you upgrade with all the gold you earned from your last run. These upgrades consist of making your character's statistics better and all sorts of different things related to the game. This makes every run feel worthwhile to me, instead of having to start at basically nothing everytime I start a new run.Theres a lot of equipment and abilities to find in treasure chests. Your character's visual appearence will change with each new piece of equipment you put on (I love games that do that). The storyline is also simple, but I really like how the game told it. There are a lot of interesting journal entries that I recommend reading to add to your gameplay experience. It really puts what your character is doing into perspective.The boss fights are all excellent. None of them are cheap and all of them are expertly designed. If you can't beat them at first, then just focus on trying to find more chests with equipment and upgrades, or finding more gold to upgrade your castle.After beating a boss, you will be able to challenge the remix version of that boss. These are the same bosses that you fought while going through the castle, but they have all been changed to make the fights more difficult. They are A LOT more difficult. You will use a specifically made character for each fight, instead of the one you have been using throughout the game. Levels and equipment effect nothing. Its all about your skill for these fights. Look at how low the Steam percentages are for the remix boss achievements. They are still a ton of fun trying to beat though.The music is also great in this game. I have a couple new favorite songs now after playing this (I'm looking at you title screen and ending theme). The game will last you around 25 hours and you can go through New Game + as many times as you like. Everything keeps getting harder the more playthroughs of the game you complete."
,Recommended,241600,9558833,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Tocaso,I got to play as a lesbian midget lich.11/10 would buy again.
76561198057038227,Recommended,241600,29135754,Posted: 8 January,all,ayyyy,+Randomized metroidvania styled gameplay+Good customization+Fun bosses-Sometimes you get annoying abilities on your character-A bit repetetive in the long run8/10 Worth it if you like metroidvania games.
76561198075093193,Recommended,241600,12432370,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,derKonigsten,"This game is great!I highly recommend it to anyone interested in difficult platforming. Even with 100+ hours, I have yet to beat it, yet I still have fun everytime I play. I did have to restart once as it is not supported by Steam's save game sync. And yet, every night when I sit down and think about what I want to play, Rogue Legacy is always thought about.About the game:Start off as a naive, so weak you probably won't make it past the first few screens. Kill enough monsters and get that money so you can upgrade your skills. Hopefuly you get enough to upgrade SOMETHING, or else you must surrender a portion of it to the gatekeeper in order to play again. Just make sure not to buy an upgrade you don't need as every purchase will raise the cost of any future purchases. Run through the castle and discover chests with recipesfor armor, weapons, and runes; all of which add to your base stats or include special abilites such as vampirism, flight, double-jumping, dashing, extra gold pick-ups, and so many more. I've never ran through the same castle twice but I have seen the same room on occasion, usually just a simple hallway or great-room or something. Each run through the castle features it's own surprises. Pick your hero wisely, and don't forget to equip the right equipment for the right hero for the right type of run. Eventually, get strong enough to tackle those bosses. One of the great things about this game is that, even if you are bad at reflex-based platforming, if you play it enough you will eventually be powerful enough to tackle the bosses without even flinching. Also full of fun mini-bosses that drop their own 'super-chests' .I can't reccommend this game enough, I have had so much fun with it. I hate buying things when they are not on sale, but if you are looking for something to get lost in and make you feel like a total castle-romping badass, Rogue Legacy is the game for you and you shouldn't wait toplay it!"
76561197973010957,Recommended,241600,12407307,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,DrStrange,"This game caught me off guard for a game mechanic I am not used too....Death.So firstly this is a old school platformer that is extremly diffcult and expands upon this with death....death what a neat concept.Anyways when you die...that it game over your dead...BUT thankfully you had kids before you attacked the castle. Now you kid is going to pick up your sword and try again for you....but unfortunetly your child has giantism and is huge and easy to be hit....or maybe it is near sighted and can't see more the 2 inches around them clearly. How about vertigo and the world is upside down? How about dyslexic and the controls are backwards?Shockingly fun game mechanic that both challenges you to survive more then 3 minutes but rewards you if you don't.The closest game I could suggest it plays like is may old school Ghost and Goblins with the suggested death mechanic. There are also some light RPG elements as you save a portion of your gold and can improve your skills, equipment and other things.If you like platformers and are in the mood for a challenge and unexpected surprises. This game is GREAT!"
,Recommended,241600,12714296,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,eldee,Easily one of the best games I've played in the past 5 years. It's an extremely solid platformer with near endless replayability. Do yourself a favor and pick this one up.
,Recommended,241600,10603841,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DarkShadowJ: Carnage Prinny God,"One of the best games I have ever purchased on steam, a lot of people will say negative things about the fact you die too much or that everything gets really expensive quite fast. The dying is a main, if not essential part of the Rougelike Genre of games. This game utilises dying to improve your ""legacy"" whether it be a new class to choose from, an upgrade to a class you already have or a stat boost, the game makes every upgrade a little more expensive each time you buy one but thats the equivalent to the lowest value coin found in the castle. It is a bit slow to start off with as you lose every last piece of gold you earned to re-enter the castle.Story wise this game doesn't really have much. You have the tutorial and the log entries, which provide some background to the start of the game. Its not brilliant, but it does provide you with the reason behind the actions done in the tutorial.This game also has your heroes with ""traits"". These are actual known medical conditions (to some extent) and affect your hero in different ways like I.B.S which makes your hero fart to things like vertigo which flips the games screen upside down. Each hero can have up to 2 different traits and may very rarely have none.The castle is randomly generated each time, unless you decide to get an upgeade that allows you to ""lock it down"". Which allows you to practice bosses or try to reach that chest you couldn't reach last time. These chests can provide runes, which can give you different benefits and come in 5 varieties (for each main piece of equipment you have), you can only have 1 rune in each piece of equipment and you can also get equipment blueprints, which allow you to spend your gold after you die to unlock and maybe even equip (providing you have the weight allowance that is).The enemies have 3 different tiers basic, advanced and expert, but you won't come across any expert tier enemies till you have beaten the game twice, but they still can spawn and you will be facing expert enemies a lot after you beat it for your first time, the bosses and mini-bosses are a nice challenge aswell as they need you to think ahead. After you beat a boss you can find its ""obol"" (except the 5th one, you just need to beat all the remix bosses to be able to find its obol) which allows you to face its remixed version where you use a specific preset character, these are a true test of skill and will take many attempts and beating them all gives you a real sense of accomplishment, once you beat the final boss you are sent into New Game + mode, where you do it all again with harder enemies and the enemies are all now at the advanced tier (expert if its NB++ onwards)I know I have recommended this, but if you don't like games where you die a lot, or games that get repetitive quite fast then this game isn't for you."
,Recommended,241600,8454699,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,monsterpancake,"Oh man, Rogue Legacy had its hooks in me for a good month or two, during which time I played the game practically daily. There was no cloud save feature at the time (not sure if this has been added in a patch) so I was emailing my save file between home and work every evening. Anyway, the game gets a ton of stuff right, specifically its charming presentation and that sticky ""just one more go"" roguelike design. There's a very nice mixture of skill-based platforming, stat-based character building, and a dash of pure luck that comes hand-in-hand with procedurally-generated content. Despite its finer qualities, Rogue Legacy does suffer from a pretty unbalanced character progression curve, especially as it relates to the cost of upgrades in the early game. Difficulty spikes throughout, which is also very frustrating. And once you have experienced all the palette swaps, the enemy variety is somewhat lacking. However, like many of my favorite games ever, it is this ""rough around the edges"" quality that makes Rogue Legacy that much more enjoyable. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,241600,9090896,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,gottam,yes
76561198049414597,Recommended,241600,30453950,Posted: 11 March,all,TSwank,"What playing Rogue Legacy is like:Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Yes!Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Yes! Yes!Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Yes! Yes! Yes!Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!Argh! Argh! Argh! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!Argh! Argh! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!Argh! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!It's a maddeningly frustrating game...until it isn't. And suddenly you're murdering the crap out of everyone in the castle and cleaning out the forest and feeling like you're kicking some butt. I alomost gave up a few times, but I'm so glad I stuck with it. Yell, scream, curse, and spit until you enjoy it. And you will..."
,Recommended,241600,8577253,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,chronicdiscord,"Modern 2D Castlevania and rogue-likes combine to form an enjoyable if somewhat frustrating game, one that while randomized, is occasionally so random as to not make sense.At times the game becomes quite easy, other timesit can be quite hard, the randomization needs to be improved so as to take into accountwhere they are putting what kinds of enemies.It hasa sense of humour, and the function ofgenerationsis interesting and keeps the game from stagnating.It's biggest flaw in my book is the transition between the first playthrough, and New Game+ - where the difficulty makes a jump forward that is startlingly big.  I had played through and beaten the four major bosses, leading to the final one, and I had gotten to the point where I was unstoppable at that level, but barely able to dent the final boss.  Through amazing luck, I managed to take him out, and thus began a New Game+, where I was regularly getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by enemies that hit far harder and took far more hits than the hardest enemies presented in the previous game.""Mind the gap,"" as some would say.The multiple different unlocks in the game help increase the variety to how you play, though it is quite random, you cannot selectively breed your lineage to consistently be Barbarians, you end up with many flaws that randomly occur, without the ability to strengthen your bloodline by not allowing weaklings to move forward in the family.  Between the runes and the armour and the various unlocks, you have a lot to work with as long as you can make the money, and oh what money you must make.  Dozens of playthroughs that must end in death in order to apply your money to the next generation, never to your current character.It would have been nice to be able to spend your money where and when you wanted, instead of depending on the mechanic of death."
76561198241200804,Recommended,241600,32192129,Posted: 4 June,all,shoe,My son was lame so I just fed him to a giant eyeball
76561198071398823,Recommended,241600,13506946,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mandalore,"Played as ""Sir Taco the Divine Dragon.""10/10"
76561198012999976,Not Recommended,241600,13219503,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Plainview,It's just way too repetitive and not really that much fun.
,Not Recommended,241600,13687512,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,"USA, THE IRL DANMAKU COUNTRY","Not a bad game when weighed on its own merits, but there's no reason not to play Spelunky instead.The RPG elements and the ""child with unique attributes"" system might pique your interest initially, but I have found they detract from the gameplay. Buying upgrades is neat at first, since even when you lose you get the consolation prize of being able to improve your stats, but soon enough it turns into a grind. As for the latter, many traits are only good for a one-off joke.Most of the (procedurally-generated) screens offer little challenge, so it also feels fairly repetitive and drawn-out after a while. Just... just play Spelunky instead, it's a much tighter variation on the same formula."
,Recommended,241600,8761343,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Citricsaurus,"If you like metroidvania or are familiar to those genre of games, this game is for you. Different types of class, traits, and little humor in the game makes it even better.Buy it.Or don't. I'm not your mom."
,Recommended,241600,10656508,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Wrighty11,"One of the most difficult yet rewarding games I have played.Very Metroid-Vania in its style and the retro feel is great, love the different classes you can earn and when you clear a room you feel great.Also the xbox controller support is spot on,BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,241600,28495909,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Del Mingus,"TL:DR fantastic rogue-like with addictive gameplay. It's easy to get into yet takes time to master. I highly recommend itFull Version:This is a very addictive and brilliant rogue-like. You enter a castle try and to kill enemies and gather as much gold as you can before you inevitably die (and in the beginning you will die a lot). On dying you select an heir from three choices. Each choice will be of different classes with different traits. And now, playing as the new heir, off into the castle you go again.The game has a nice sense of progression to it. Each time you die and upgrade your stats, you'll get a little further each time and eventually you'll be able to take on the more difficult enemies and bosses. The castle has 4 unique areas with each area being having more difficult enemies and off couse a boss to fight as well.The randomly generated areas manage to keep the game feeling fresh though I did have a period about 5 hours in where things began to feel a bit grindy. Though as you improve you'll last longer and be able to gather more gold. It's a fantastic game thats easy to pick up and play but takes time to master.Good points:- selecting your heir is a cool mechanic with each heir having different classes. The traits are also a great addition. Some hinder you, like the near-sighted trait which makes distant objects blurry. Others, like the IBS one that makes your character fart each time they jump, are harmless but amusing.-the randomly generated levels are great and keep things fresh enough to stop the game from getting boring- the game offers an enjoyable challenge with great enemies and bossesBad points:- some of the classes are a bit more useless than others. I found the warrior and paladin ones tended to be the best as you had enough health to last long enough to gather plenty of gold.- the game can feel a bit grindy at times as your trying to improve your stats enough to take on the tougher enemies and bosses"
,Recommended,241600,8488108,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Aus,"This is one of my favorite games of 2013. The game mixes elements from RPGs, platformers, action, and gives nods to many titles from every genre. After you die, you're forced to continue your legacy with your descendant with a completely new set of traits. It's incredibly compelling and addictive in that sense, because you never know what your next run will be like in the randomly generated castle. You can upgrade various aspects of your characters which gives the game a lot of replayability.The game is definitely played better with a controller. I played the first 15 hours or so with the keyboard and it's just so much better with a gamepad (I use a 360 controller, to which the game defaults anyway).It's a lot of fun and will keep you busy for a while; give it a try if you like any of the genres mentioned!"
,Recommended,241600,10804392,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Slimpete,"Long ago there lived a knight. Ser Lee like many other knight sought adventure. In the long forgotten stories he heard of the Dark castle that held tremendous treasures. So he rode to the castle and explored its forgotten halls. But what he found was death. He must be avenged…''My name is Ser Duff son Of Ser Lee. I will avenge my father with the power of dyslexia and with it slay my foes.''Oh hey look, an eyeball spitting blood at me: *DEAD*''My name is Lady Ling daughter of Ser Duff son of Ser Lee. I will avenge my father with the power of vertigo and with it slay my foes.''Oh hey there big guy, that’s a big sword you got there: *Dead*''My name is Ser Dofus son of Lady Ling daughter of Ser Duff son of Ser Lee. I will avenge my mother with the power of being a dwarf and with it slay my foes.''Oh hey a living skeleton: *Dead*My name is Ser Horokon son of Ser Dofus son of Lady Ling daughter of Ser Duff son of Ser Lee. I will avenge my father with the power of blindness and with it slay my foes.Oh hey flying fireballs: *Dead*…Long story short, this game is hard as balls, but addicting too.10/10"
76561198028157209,Recommended,241600,12948554,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Moe The Crusader,When I first bought this game I played for and hour and rage quit so hard. 20 minutes later I tryed it one more time and havent stopped playing since.Whats unique about this game is it is like you are trying to create a high score in the amount of gold you collect. And everytime u get a good score or you beat your high score you can buy pretty good perks with the gold u collected. So its pretty unique and can become very addictive in that way.All together a very fun game would recomend to anyone!Just expect to die alot your first couples go's. After that you will be all good!
,Recommended,241600,10938878,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Turtle Bucket,Highlights the downsides of genetic inbreeding.
76561198077184124,Recommended,241600,25419048,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Metazealot,"Amazing game. Very addicting gameplay mechanics that arent terribly difficult to learn but take some time and skill to use efficiently. The different classes, weapon types, runes, abilities and whatnot all allow for interesting play variety and keeps you wanting to push forward. I've beaten the game a few times now and still pick it back up again from time to time."
,Recommended,241600,7961835,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Octopus on Fire,"Great game. Hard as hell, but rewarding and fun even in the worst runs. Please stay away if you're one of these ""just one more run"" type of people, because you won't be able to stop playing, ever."
,Recommended,241600,7797566,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kanna,I highly recomend this game to players who have a Controller they can use and for those who love Rogue platformers.
76561198022316167,Recommended,241600,8588882,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Avo_Ca_Do,More people should buy this game because it's amazing.
,Recommended,241600,8763709,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Dick,You can play as a gay dwarf ninja                    10/10
76561198058922531,Recommended,241600,6095603,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,ScootyBooty,"I just beat this game and i'd like to sum it up in a few words. Amazing, Beautiful, Entertaining, Challenging, Addictive, Hilarious, Random, and AWESOME! ( Did i mention its only $15.)"
,Recommended,241600,4581915,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,fishman,"Muito bom o jogo. Da pra perder um bom tempo com ele.Os inimigos vão ficando mais fortes a media que vc vai ficando melhor. Voce é ""obrigado"" a jogar de diferentes modos usando diferentes estilos."
,Recommended,241600,7773109,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Capp Atlas?,"A very addictive roguelike with tons of variety and difficulty. If you like Spelunky or the Binding of Isaac, you'd probably like it."
,Recommended,241600,10712184,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HelloImDrew,Lots of fun. Always trying to do a little better.
,Recommended,241600,9409042,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,DarkEspeon40K,"HAHAHAHA! HAHA- ouch, I'm dead.That's exactly what you would feel after some 10-15 minutes of playing this awesome game! It reminds me of Castlevania and Ghosts'n'Goblins, but the whole castle randomizing makes it even funnier! You won't complete the game with your first character, yes. Eventually, since every hero lives ~30 years, you'll soon find yourself in 21st century, still not having first part of the castle beaten. Is it fun? Hell yes! Is it hard? No, it's *challenging*. ""Hard games"" are the words of noobs who don't know how to handle it! Go forth, mighty warrior! Go and kick some ghosty/bony asses in this castle! En garde!!!p.s.: Guys, please, add Steam Workshop, we need more names and traits. Like, hella more.Because playing as Lady Faye XIV or Sir Hero III isn't funny."
76561198014754325,Recommended,241600,13205613,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,GerbilGrenade22,I like turtles.
,Recommended,241600,9177018,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Spinedrake,I hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game so much.
,Recommended,241600,12198992,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Rymante,"As the name suggests, Rogue Legacy plays around with the conventions of 'Rogue-like' genre that's become popular recently, the game includes ways to circumvent the random level generation that is normally associated with the genre & there is a money based upgrade system in the game.  When you die you keep the money you collected during your run and that can be spent on upgrades to make your descendants stronger (which where the 'Legacy' part of the name comes in).I really enjoyed this game, the controls feel just right for the kind of precise 2D platforming the game requires.  The game has basically an infinite New Game+ mode which makes the game harder everytime you enter a new New Game+ but I feel you'll eventually get bored of the game after 2 or 3 New Game+ runs due to the limited environments & enemy types."
76561198040990320,Recommended,241600,11222177,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,snakeboy229,A very fun game overall. Can be played in short sessions to kill time or for long periods of time if you feel like it. The game is easy to play with all enemies having 'tells' to their attacks which allows you to recognise and dodge them. The visuals can get boring as there are only 4 themes in the castle but the rooms and challenges will be randomized each time you play. There is a new game+ system for when the story is beaten that makes the enemies deal more damage with enhanced abilities and more health. I played until new game+4 and started to feel overwhelmed despite having full upgrades.I'd give the game an 8/10 for it's price and difficulty.
,Recommended,241600,11190388,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,gamer,"Not unlike its siprutal successor, ""Robin hood, them green hoodie"" it delivers gameplay similar to that found in games.regue legecey is the best last hit cowboy in thewild...wild...west."
76561197995571884,Recommended,241600,10828331,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MIElfboy,"Rogue Legacy is a great rogue-like game. It has a learning curve that is not frustrating, and as you improve your characters abilities also improve. Love to see how long I can survive and the different strategies that come from the classes and loadouts"
76561198079422711,Recommended,241600,9443261,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Crow,"What is Rouge Legacy you may ask? Why, it is a game that may seem extremely difficult at first but as you progress, can quikly become one of your favorite indie games (after all, that happened to me).  Yes it does require some grinding at times but that usually shouldn't take too long. Also, no two playthroughs are the same with the random map generating and the fact all of the heirs you can choose vary, from dyslexia, to irratible bowl syndrome, and even crazy ones like vertigo! All in all this game is charming, funny, it may be very difficult, but it is worth your time and money"
,Recommended,241600,10942488,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sendingsignal,Wonderful roguelike platformer! We'd switch off every death and all four of my roommates who play games loved it. I think two of them bought it as well.
76561198049689227,Recommended,241600,10882160,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sir Lord McSassyPants,"A casual game for the gamer who loves a good side scroller, actiony game with a splash of hilarious challenge.One run you're using a female wizard complete with full beard who has a fear of fried chicken and uncontrollable flatulence to the next run you are playing as a beefy barbarian who was born a colorblind dwarf with two left hands.The game's graphics provide a charming atmosphere and the gameplay is relatively simple and easy to get the hang of yet holds the potential through runes to become a complicated system of flight, dashing, and bouncing off of the heads of every enemy in the room.The amount of content in the game is tremendous for the price tag as well. If the game hits a sale, buy it without hessitation, you WILL get a good laugh. If the game is full price- give it some consideration, it IS a single player game that can wait for a sale, it isn't going anywhere.But keep in mind... every moment you miss out on this game is a moment where you miss out on an armor-clad Litch with gigantism releasing pure childish, comedic gold from his colon upon dashing, jumping, or landing."
,Recommended,241600,12702135,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Maugli,"This game is about:- giving your money to strangers,- platform jumping,- swinging swords,- and dieing.In the beginning you die, not knowing what hit you.Then you die.Then you figure out what hit you.Then you die a few times more.Then you learn how to dodge that.And die.BUT: there is progression in the game.Slowly you learn how to play the game,when to fight, and when to run, and then, in the end you may finish it once - or even twice - for the achieveent.Shame there is no coop mode. I would totally try it.Anyways, 10/10."
,Recommended,241600,13637709,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,VolkeB,Hahahaaha nice nipple♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241600,25585192,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Cyclo,"Listen up bud, this game's an odd taste adventure and may be an aquired taste.But if you continue at it, you're in for a splendid meal. With elements of platforming, spices of castlevania and a unique ingredient that puts a spin on Permadeath.You see, when your character's finished up, you get a choice of three random meals to put on the grill. Not all of them will be to your liking, granted, but it can be used as an excuse to try something new.When you're done choosing your meal, you can improve your stats at the manor to improve your chances of finishing a meal.The story here is told through notes, about an adventurer who has went through the same castle as you are.Don't skip them unless you are going for a record.A small warning here, this chef is not really used to making platforming meals. Don't let it turn you off though."
,Recommended,241600,24623947,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Rascilon,"Rogue Legacy is a fantastic entry into the rogue-like genre.  The core game mechanic that you start out as a descendent of your prior character with a specific genetic trait guarantees that each playthrough will be unique.  On top of that, the procedurally generated levels and new game plus mode ensure lots of replayability.   Both the steam overlay and controller are supported.  This is definitely one of the best rogue-like games I have had the pleasure of playing.  For any fans of the genre, this is a must buy title."
,Recommended,241600,24125567,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Réy,Damn Good! Recommended (Not for clumsy people)
,Recommended,241600,27477154,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AppleFever30,This game is amazing. It's rogue-like (obviously) and super fun! The art style and atmosphere work well together and it just sucks up sooooo much time if you let it.Buy it and never leave your PC again
76561197970659599,Recommended,241600,9396622,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Beckikaze,Best 5 EUR ever invested in a game. Rogue like meets Super Mario meets RPG meets ULTRAHARD difficulty. A pure gem of a game!
,Recommended,241600,10779432,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Eggwog German,very fun
76561198067830551,Recommended,241600,11191453,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,jcm8411,"I've only been playing for a little over 6 hours but I'm hooked! I've been meaning to play this game for a long time now and just recently pulled the trigger. This game is so much side-scrolling hack-and-slash fun that it's just spilling out of my brain right now. I've a bit OCD for badges and achievements but I was gonna do everything in this game anyway without them, the points just make it more enticing! 5 STARS!"
76561198116778913,Recommended,241600,10664305,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,GodUsopp,"Roguelike +skill tree+hereditary traits+Looting+different classes+nice boss...anyway you get the point, great game."
,Recommended,241600,6499892,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Yasume,"Recommended for metroidvania lovers and gamers who are up for a challenging game. Level up system is superb and will pump you up for another run through the castle, even if you promised yourself you would quit 2 hours ago. If this isn't going to be the Indie game of the year, I'm not sure what is."
,Recommended,241600,4958544,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,ata,"They call it a grind, but is it really a grind if you have fun doing it? Also cats."
,Recommended,241600,11313060,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,A BUNCH OF CATS,good game
76561198036159417,Recommended,241600,8864673,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Top Ten Anime Betrayals,"Honestly I really have to say something about this game. People say it is addictive, and it is, but it isn't really the kind of grinding addictive game.This is the closest thing to a perfect game that I have ever played."
,Recommended,241600,7617273,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Wally,Failure: the Game
,Recommended,241600,3597770,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Taumpy Tearrs,"You will die . . . a lot, but I love this game.  It's a great mix of platforming, rpg leveling, and rogue-like.  A classic example of ""just one more run.""  There is a carrot constantly being dangled in front of your face that you just know you can reach on your next run.  I've only beaten the first boss, but I know I'm slowly getting better and my characters are getting stronger.  And it's pretty funny, never taking itself too seriously."
,Recommended,241600,5150107,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,AleHitti,"This game is just too fun! It might be frustrating at first, but if you put enough time into it you'll be rewarded with a really deep experience with a lot of funny moments :) Awesome Indie game!"
,Recommended,241600,27432172,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rushif3ll,"Played this again and again and again on my Playstation Vita. I love it, Unless you're a natural, you'll die a lot, but you also get stronger every time you die. So you can play this in a fast beat-the-boss-asap way, or develop the whole skill tree (or should I say skill _castle_). Also very replayable with in +X mode.I'd say I sucked in the beginning but got pretty good at it eventually.Highly recommended,"
,Recommended,241600,8684693,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,hav0k,This game is guaranteed to increase♥♥♥♥♥♥♥size by 2 inches!!! It's that good!!
,Recommended,241600,9673478,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Balefire,"My near-sighted dwarf uncle, who has vertigo, loved this game!"
76561198045849079,Recommended,241600,15702964,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Cookie_Crusader,"Great rogue game, its even in the title!"
,Recommended,241600,9405790,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,frumple,"Some games need long reviews, thorough analysis of pros and cons, balance discussions, thought provoking and well written observations of design brilliance and developer short-sightedness. Not Rogue Legacy. It's simple enough to pickup and play and challenging enough to stay interesting and reward progress.I don't want to put the game down, don't want to stop playing. It's addictive and fun even when obviously evil, which is often! 8/10 +1 for featuring absurd traits including uncontrolable flatulence. Another +1 for sending wave after wave of your children to their doom on a fool's errand. How can you not like Rogue Legacy? It could only be better if one of your offspring was a laser wielding shark!"
,Recommended,241600,11298773,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,ThatsFairZack,I'm really addicted to this game. It's a roguelike castlevania layout game with an upgrade system that may feel grindy but definitely rewarding. Expect to die a lot but don't let that discourage you. It's part of the game.
,Recommended,241600,13732066,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,LeonRes,"July 12, 2015This is the first time I've really considered keeping an original review entirely for reference. My opinions on Rogue Legacy have shifted substantially since my first review. I still recommend the game, but with some caveats.After some time away from the game, I found the combat to be clunkier and shallow. Armed with short range and a delayed swing, combat can feel sloppy. Once the enemies gain speed and more attacks, your sole weapon feels underwhelming. Enemies are primarily ranged, and you'll eventually wish for more mobility and a smaller hitbox. By my third playthrough,some rooms became true bullet-hells, except randomly constructed instead of the tightly crafted affairs in other games. Later rooms can be more hectic than any of the bossfights, and some rooms will have unavoidable damage with the number of enemies filling the screen with projectiles.I do feel like the game is very fair in the first two completions, even into the third with Difficulty decreasing runes. Beyond that, the game starts to suffer from an abundance of enemy projectiles without the means to avoid them. The health system is a bandaid fix, with each room slowly wittling your health down unless you get random food drops, or abuse life drain on slimes. By 30 hours, I'd seen (almost) everything, and I don't enjoy the game nearly as much. Unfortunately, even with all my complete runs and dozens of partials, I have yet to see the plant miniboss. Until the RNG decides to bless me, I have to do partial runs just to search for this miniboss. It's the only thing keeping me from 100%, and it's ridiculous. I've killed other minibosses over 5 times, and never seen just one.I loved Rogue Legacy. It is a great value. But the way it is designed, it ends up running into a wall. This is a rougelite that can (and should) wrap up nicely in 30 hours of play. Rogue purists may dislike that the replayability runs dry. It's a great game to start in the genre, and can be as easy or hard as you want by New Game +1. Just be careful running that +1 much higher, or you may grow weary.Original review:I'm incredibly hooked on Rogue Legacy since I picked it up. Spelunky was pushing me to improve my skills after I bought that recently, but little issues bothered me. Rogue Legacy hits some of the same points (looting, combat, random areas) but improves on what I want. Runs never feel like a waste, as gold can aid your progression. Combat feels crisp for being mostly melee, and the enemies are appealing. The style is humorous and compelling. It feels great to improve as a player along with stronger character stats. The design pushes random luck down in the equation, since loot is progressive. There is no single game-breaking item that makes winning a run easy.I don't yet have the words to express why I love the game so much. It's hooked me hard.  A rogue-like with strong combat and a ""Just 1 more time"" appeal, it's hard to find major issues. The game could get too easy or pointless once you unlock and complete everything, but most games do the same.This game has caused me butt pain from sitting and playing so much. I wish I had gotten it sooner. Easily worth full price."
,Recommended,241600,8231053,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,JagPaw,"This. Game. Is. AWESOME! Great concept and very solid execution. Also, the humor is well done!"
,Recommended,241600,8519742,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,La Araña Discoteca,"Wanna play an obnoxiously unforgiving 2D platformer with roguelike aspects? Like the idea of prancing around as your failed barbarian's colorblind great-great-grandson? Pine for a game where enemies die with a satisfying ""PKSHHH"" as they erupt into gold coins?Rogue Legacy has you covered.This thing is addictive as hell, but don't expect a warm, polished experience."
,Recommended,241600,9223642,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Skrikey,"I put off playing this for a while, as the concept didn't seem so great on paper. Procedurally generated dungeons and characters? Surely there was no way for this to properly work without it getting horrifically boring. Thankfully I was extremely wrong and this little gem has become something of a timesink, and an enjoyable one at that."
76561198033824009,Recommended,241600,12548513,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Chuck Tyler,"Absolutely amazing. The trait-based geneological progression is a unique concept and makes each ""round"" completely unique.10/10"
76561198001950937,Recommended,241600,14432325,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Aman,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
,Recommended,241600,549630,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,TekDragon,"Rogue Legacy is a roguelight platformer that I would not hesitate to recommend to fans and newcomers of either genre.Rogue Legacy marries the challenge, randomness, and perma-death of roguelikes with the progression mechanics of many familiar RPGs. That progression, paid for with gold gathered from your dungeon runs, is used to upgrade your keep. These keep upgrades, in turn, provides buffs and unlock new classes for all subsequent charachters, who are actually the children of prior heroes. Hence the ""legacy"" of Rogue Legacy.This progression system allows the game to start off burtally hard, with charachters dying within a handful of rooms, and progress towards a managable state as you increase your equipment and stats. Progression continues through 3 other sections of the dungeon, each one significantly harder than the last. Each section contains a boss, but these bosses can be challenged at any time, and remain defeated once cleared. Finally, when the final boss is defeated, the game opens up with a NG+ and then a NG++ mode.One thing that amazed me is the balance of the game. While I preferred melee oriented classes, the internet attests to the efficacy of magic or dexterity oriented heroes.In the end, Rogue Legacy is a game that demands and rewards persistance. Players who take the time to learn the mechanics and develop some muscle memory will feel immensely satisfied throughout and between every run-through."
,Recommended,241600,11218101,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Hellabadson,"One of the best Rogue-like games on the market. I picked this game up during the steam sales in the summer for about $4.00 but would have definetly payed the full price after learning how amazing this game is. With tons of different skills and weapons / armor that do completely different things, you really can choose to play however you wish. It also has the perfect amount of difficulty, the game starts out rather hard, but when you finally find some patterns and some skills you can finally take down the first boss! The game remains challenging with different modes that are hard no matter your level to add some replayability, as well as the monster+ levelsIn conclusion... pick up this game, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,241600,18829348,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Omega,10/10 :^)
76561198041163905,Recommended,241600,19985757,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,trampingaround,"Undoubtedly the best rogue-like game I have ever played.  A word of warning:You will die a lot.  And I mean constantly.  But only for the first couple hours.Slowly you will level, and simultaneously with each of those hard earned improvements you will learn the behavior of the critters you are faced to deal with.  Between the two the game slowly becomes managable.Very very few of the deaths feel cheap.  Even when you enter a room and suddenly are beset on all sides and death comes within moments, even then the death rarely feels more than momentarily frustrating.I couldn't recommend more.  As good an indie game as there ever was.  The devs did a magnificient job both on depth of content and fun.  I'm nearly thirty hours into it and feel like I'm probably only half way.  Crazy for a game that cost me nearly nothing on a sale, and particularly for one that I have enjoyed so much.  One of the best games I have played in years.FYI: I played the first five hours with just the keyboard then decided to try with a controller.  It is worlds better with a controller."
76561198069460758,Recommended,241600,20017887,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Saro0fdemonz,"Welcome to Rogue LegacyYOU JUST DIEDWelcome to Rogue LegacyYOU JUST DIEDThats the gist of this game. Welcome to the Dark Souls of Side Scrollers. Except each time you die, you rejoin the fight as a descendant of your previous character - and each character has conditions such as colorblind - where everything is in black and white. OR THE ONE - Where the map looks like something out of tron as a joke about the Matrix.This game will keep you busy for a rather long time as you struggle to make it through the constant changes in the map and defeat the bosses hidden in each zone. Though each attempt earns you gold you can spend to make the next character stronger, gear you find is kept for each new character, making each attempt a better attempt than the last.FEAR NOT - For when one of the bosses is defeated it remains defeated.At the posting of this review I have only defeated the boss within the castle and am struggling with the forest.If you aren't playing this game yet, you really should be."
,Recommended,241600,20002227,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hierophant,My first attempt went like this: 1st room I read the prince's diary 2nd room ther is a giant door that I enter then Khider a level 30 boss against me. I lost. 50 attemtps later I beat Khider at level 32 10/10.
,Recommended,241600,19878870,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Posh Cunt,"This game is insanely addictive and very fun rogue like. Especially good for times when you have to wait for some game to download. While the progress might feel a little slow at times, it is definitely very rewarding, especially when you manage to kill the boss of one of the four (or five?) areas in the game. Definitely worth every penny"
,Recommended,241600,21325644,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Saint Rubenio,"Very good. It starts pretty hard, and you'll hate the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of eyes, but as you progress and buy upgrades, you will start to last longer and longer. The gameplay's fun, even when it is simple, the graphics look good enough, the controls are decent (although the down slash is tricky) and the music is great. Worth the money."
76561198182957049,Recommended,241600,19400208,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Uh Oh Spaghetti O's,"Very solid, brutal gamaplay, and every death feels like it is your fault. Infuriatingly difficult for the first couple of hours, but very fun when more equipment and enchantments are unlocked. Randomized Dungeons and loot locations keep it very interesting, and gives the game that ""one more run"" feel. I highly recommend this game to anyone who is up for the challenge."
76561198067212562,Recommended,241600,19996790,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,mfmq,Very good game!
,Recommended,241600,19997954,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DarknessKnight95,"Super fun, and so unique. Rogue Legacy, is easily one of my favorite games in my STEAM library."
,Recommended,241600,21397927,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Demonic Resonance,"This game is possibly the MOST addicting game I have played in pretty much forever.Super fun, Super well-made, and super addicting."
,Recommended,241600,20201416,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Alex,Punishing but not too punishing.  Love it.
76561198083091990,Recommended,241600,10752158,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Itz Logikal,"This game kind of reminds me of Castlevania, it's hella fun, has tons of hours to play, addictive, comical, creative, and more, a must have for any 2D platform lover :D"
,Recommended,241600,9682463,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Harambe Warfare,I was gay and was colour blind.10.5/10
76561198022095582,Recommended,241600,15807307,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Juin,I have never written a review before.This game made me write a review.This game rocks.Buy it.
,Recommended,241600,6913560,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Nevfy,Отличный 2Д платформер!Очень интересный сюжет!10/10
76561198091684090,Recommended,241600,8970266,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Vindaxius,"Good:This game has the ultimate rogue set-up: character leveling tree that applies to all further characters so you can advance even as you lose the couple perks you can get during a character's life, it gives your a feeling of reaching a little bit closer to your goal even as you get mauled by wild dogs or shot with any number of things.  Numerous abilities and armors (as well as different starting classes with powerful abilities) that can be purchased (that also can be used for all future characters) and give an immediate and often obvious boost in power to let you survive longer through the castle.Bad:This is kind of expected for a rogue game, but for those that are new to the genre: you are going to die, a lot.  A.  Lot.  Also the item screen is scaled in such a way that it's generally more beneficial to hold out several 'generations' of items before purchasing since it becomes relatively easy to hold out a bit longer which makes the majority of the items not worth buying.  Also most of the magic runes aren't actually useful for getting further in the castle.  Also, once you get pretty far in the game, about half of the available classes (I think there are 8) become fairly useless due to having low health compared to other characters (it becomes significant because later on in the game it can be a difference of several hundred lifepoints and also makes them heal for much much less when using a health potion).Overall I personally like this game a lot.  There's just something awesome about being late in the game and being able to spam magic at everything that moves while maneuvering through bigger and bigger enemies, dodging and striking in quick succession."
,Recommended,241600,1437046,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,coldfrog,"It's a lot of fun.  It's less Metroid than I thought it might end up being, and I'm not sure how I feel about each level starting with those bonus stats (basically making the levelling an ongoing thing rather than a per-play thing) but it's still a lot of fun!  I'd recommend it."
76561198035618763,Recommended,241600,8509036,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Roland,"Highly replayable, with a surprisingly deep in game story, and classic rogue-like elements; brutal difficulty, permadeath, and a creeping sense of dispair."
,Recommended,241600,7805813,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Thanatov,"Really fun sidescrolling action/platforming game.  Basically the game starts by picking a hero, then you proceed into a castle and kill stuff until you die.  When you die, your gold items found etc. go to your next hero (your kid/descendent) which allows you to keep building your heroes until they get stronger and stronger.  As you get more and more money you can also purchase upgrades and new heroes.  This makes it so you can kind of focus on upgraded the heroes you really like, but there is never any guarantee that your choices among descendents will ever be one of your preferred classes.  This adds a lot of randomization which is really fun to mess around with.  Also your descendents can have a wide variety of afflictions like being obsessive compulsive, having tourette syndrome, and even irritable bowel syndrome.   Some of these are just simple funny things, but some of them can change how your character works completely (for example if you are nearsighted, everything farther away is blurry).  Overall it is a great game that seems to have a lot of replayability (the castle you enter changes with each descendent unless you activate a certain upgrade) and for as cheap as the game is i'd say you are going to get your money's worth."
,Recommended,241600,7866101,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Angdoesitbetter,"This game is great for rogue-like veterans, but it's a must buy for those who aren't sure about rogue-likes but want to get their feet wet.This game isn't your typical rogue-like (rogue-like = when you die, you lose everything and start completely over.) When you die, you get to keep your gold, and an 'heir' inherits it. With that gold, you can buy upgrades and armor that you get to keep forever. Your progress in the dungeon is completely lost, however, and the format of the dungeon changes each time you enter it.The combat is fun, the sprites are charming, some of the genetic quirks heirs inherit are funny/cute/useful and as is typical with rogue-likes, you feel yourself improving and getting better at the game as time goes on. You really can't go wrong buying this game, it is well-made and a great contrubition to the genre."
,Recommended,241600,9377302,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Steve from Smash Mouth,Great game even if you suck at it
,Recommended,241600,8924605,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Callie,"Amazingly good game. Controls are great, grinding is fun, an ode to old video game secrets, and many classes to choose from.If your a fan of platformers and really hard old games, get it."
76561198122646282,Recommended,241600,27970855,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sampson.Simpson,Painlessly addictive and engagingly entertaining. Test your skills at platforming and skill tree building. This game is creative and original. Would Highly reccomend.
,Recommended,241600,15224811,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"Somedays it just sucks to be alive.Your entire life, defined by a Castle.A Castle filled with hatred for all who explore it.Whether it's by monsters or traps, you're going to die, just like your ancestors.When your children come of age, they will lose their lives to this castle as well.Upon starting Rogue Legacy, you're bound to ask yourself ""What does everyone see in this game?"" You'll walk into a room, and there will be wizards filling the screen with projectiles. This isn't a 2D shooter, and your hit-box is your entire body. Along with the wizards, there might be spiked floors, a couple knights, some evil paintings, and bone-tossing skeletons. Your options consist of finding another way around, attempting to fight your way through, or you could just die. Better luck next time right?With Rogue Legacy, maybe next time will result in better luck. The keyword is in the title: Rogue. Unless decided otherwise, the layout of the castle is always random. The goal is to find each of the four boss-monster lairs to open the way to the finale. There are multiple areas to explore, and each room contains a multitude of possibilities. Your next attempt may result in more treasure, less frustrating enemy combinations, or it could be even worse and you'll die before you manage to explore three rooms.Unlike its inspiration, Rogue Legacy isn't entirely sadistic. Your stats & equipment are carried over no matter how many times you die. Before the beginning of each adventure you can use the gold acquired in the last ill-fated adventure to purchase upgrades. These run the gamut of stat-gains, new classes, better equipment as well as ability-bestowing runes, and a few other niceties. Basically, you're expected to die. Unless you're completely miserable at the game, eventually somebody in your lineage will complete it.However, don't confuse this method of game-design with ""I have to grind until the game lets me win.""Rogue Legacy is primarily an action-platformer, meaning your reflexes and quick-thinking are just as if not more likely to keep you alive as a dozen health & armor upgrades. The controls are quite reasonable and extremely versatile with the right combination of runes. Also, if money isn't your immediate concern, weaving in-between the monsters and their attacks can be really enjoyable.As we've come to expect, merely beating the game isn't enough. There's a new game +, then a ++, and it just keeps going. Each subsequent play-through has stronger enemies, more dangerous traps, and so on. To add to this mounting absurdity, there are a handful of optional bosses to contend with. These ultra-difficult clones force you to use specific class/stat combinations. Since grinding is out of the question, you really have to use every tool to have a chance. Honestly though, it's more frustrating just to trigger these fights. Since the layout is random, there's a high possibility that you won't find the necessary keys. Access to these battles involves finding statues and offering up a prayer (why you would pray for a headache is anyone's guess). Sometimes these statues simply don't spawn, or you don't survive long enough to find them.More than anything else, if you're going to play Rogue Legacy, see it through to the end. It's an addictive game and well-designed, but trust me on this. Play this game as much as you're willing to stand, then uninstall it, hide it, bury it deep. The one day you revisit this game, load your NG+++++ character, and get dropped in seconds by more bullets than Dodonpachi, all you'll think is ""What did I ever see in this game?"""
76561197968331161,Recommended,241600,13468974,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Danger,"This game is absolutely Hilarious, its also incredibly challenging.  and hilarious in its challenge."
76561198127328106,Recommended,241600,17808575,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Winkle Pinkle,nice gam
76561198067505253,Recommended,241600,12910938,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Protomario,"This game is amazing, awesome, fun, great, and wonderful for those that enjoy a Grind with sustained rewards.It's more forgiving that Spelunky or Risk of Rain, but the game still has to be done in one shot roughly.If you enjoy platformers, this is a game you will enjoy!"
76561197977401021,Recommended,241600,8938571,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Donkey Kong's Mom,"I paid I believe $2 for this game.  I have put over 55 hours into it, and will add more over time.  It is one of the best games you can get for your money.  Another big thank you to the developers for adding content and not charging for it.  I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198046455744,Recommended,241600,13385721,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Wonder Llama,You can be hypochondriac..... 10/10
,Recommended,241600,9323812,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,twitch/kwturpin,"I absolutely recommend this game!  Rogue Legacy features simple combat and a persistant upgrade system that allow you to progress your characters, allowing for some forgiveness in an otherwise relentless roguelike.  Designed for short, rewarding runs, you'll find yourself wanting to pick up and play whenever you get a few spare moments.  The constant flow of gold and upgrades hook you in, making you want to keep coming back for more.  Some of the traits are a bit hazy as to their effect, and many of them are downright debilitating but offer a degree of variation to each attempt, as do the spells and classes.  While limited at first, the number of character combinations grows as you unlock classes and equipment.  I've done a full video reviewhere, please check it out for my more detailed and in-depth breakdown."
,Recommended,241600,2103125,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,novocain,"*dies* eh, just one more try.. *dies* .. eh, just one more try.. 8 hours later.. eh, just one more try.."
,Recommended,241600,10247574,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Doc,"You tend to die.About 95% of each playthrough, you die.You can die in 5 seconds, or 45 minutes. But you will die. A LOT."
,Recommended,241600,4262747,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Еб*л вас в рот. Ант,"Игра с ужасным управлением,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥овым балансом,но жутко затягивающая некой атмосферой,тут не надо вникать в суть игры,просто бежишь валишь всё подряд и прокачиваешься,и это чёрт побери сильно расслабляет (что таки ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥)"
,Recommended,241600,24222497,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,:thinking:,"After beating so many New Game +'s, getting all the achievements and defeating all the Obol bosses, I think I am in a position to finally review Rogue Legacy to it's fullest.First of all, Rogue Legacy is possibly one of the hardest games I've ever played, mentally and physically. Continuously grinding to get better equipment and money was always a psychological thing, and if you didn't have the willpower to do that, you would slowly fall to the game's relentless ability it crush and punish any mistake you make.And that's the brilliant thing.Rogue Legacy is a game that I would only recommend to the people who are willing to put in hard time and be crippled by the game's difficulty over and over again.ProsLots of time to be spentVery fun hack and slashRPG elements to add that slow but steady progessionEnemies that fit the area and level, and can show players the path they should takeLots of upgrades to be unlocked and purchasedTons of different classes to choose fromBosses are interesting and uniqueRandom layout every time you enter the castleStory is interestingConsEnemies can be redundant, as reskins will be found as progession continuesNot forgiving and very punishing to beginners and players not very good at platformers or hack/slashersMay find grinding to be very boring and not a lot of time fighting bossesProgession is slow and tediousInsanely difficult Obol bosses (I'm looking at you, Alexander the 4th.)Overall, Rogue Legacy is a difficult hack and slash RPG game that will punish you for every mistake that you make. It is a brutal ride and is very discouraging at times, but when you finally beat the final boss, the bittersweet taste of satisfaction will stay with you (at least for a while).Purchase this game only if you are willing to grind and die and grind and die over and over again.8.8/10"
,Recommended,241600,8222922,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mordeth13,Great game. Very addictive. Most games are very quick.
76561197990539789,Recommended,241600,13805435,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Schuitje82,"Personally I absolutely love this game.Game has a very addictive factor.And continues until the last boss challenging.You fight through four parts of the castle.Each location is yet more difficult.Simple way because the creatures are stronger.Only weapon against this is to always upgrade your character and become stronger.And by playing a lot get yourself getting better at the game.Overall I think it's a great game if you love 2d platform.Many challenges and short, very addictive.For me long ago that I played a 2d game for more than 10 hours.positive:- Upgrade System- Big Challenge- Many Characters- Great music- Lots of varietydisadvantage:- No Steam Cloud- No co-op multiplayer- No free choice of characters (this is random)"
,Recommended,241600,8549459,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Multani,"Metroidvania style Action RPG game with a Roguelike (death is permanent) element added to it.  Once you die, you get to pick one of your 3 randomly assigned childeren to carry on your Legacy.  That's not all though, each child will have a certain set of traits, or lack there of, that they come with.  Such as, Stereoblind(doesn't see in 3d), Far-sighted(everything up close is blurry), Dwarfism(TINY), etc.  Thus in doing so, the randomness of each kid isn't just based on their class, but small elements that will affect your game play, and style.  On top of death being a part of the game, the Castle you are trying to conquer will change each death, later this can be stopped for a price, and again in doing so, keeps you on your toes and always learning.  The game play is intense, and you are bound to get upset once or twice due to sheer bad luck or inability to get your crap together (me) for that playthrough.  The game has a ton to offer in the sense of leveling up, each death you keep your gold, you come back with it, spend it on upgrades, which unlock more upgrades, and in doing so, you improve your chances of moving further along in the Castle to defeat all the bosses.  The game can be simple at times, and hair pulling at others, and once you think you have it all down pat, you'll unlock some remixed bosses that will surely have you cussing at how the level of hard they are shoving in your face.All in All this was by far my favorite game purchase this christmas(2013), and I spent many a nights trying to bring this puppy to its knees. Fun graphics, great humor at times, lots of deaths, and tons and tons of fun to finish.  If you enjoy somethign that'll keep you on your toes, and let you feel that old school level of fun again, Rogue Legacy is certainly for you."
,Recommended,241600,13966916,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Burn,"This is one of those games, where you can see and feel the care and love the developers put into their game. All aspects of this game are solid. Action, story, entertainment, challenge, music, pixel art and comedy are great! I would love to see another game from Cellar Door Games, those guys rock!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=432900627http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=615681157Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,241600,7372874,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,noibn,"Rogue Legacy is a 2D action-platformer done in a ""roguelike"" style, with a few twists. Each time you venture forth, the map layout and enemies you encounter are randomized. It is sort of like Spelunky, except progress isn't through a series of levels (1-1, 1-2, etc). Instead, there is only a single map, comprised of 4 areas: a central castle, a forest to the right, a tower above, and a land of darkness below. The goal is to explore as much of these areas as possible and defeat the bosses of each. Of course, it's not so simple to do this - there are tons of things that can kill you, and when you first start the game, you are very weak, so you will die. Frequently. In most roguelikes, that would be the part where the game says ""tough luck, get better""... but not so with Rogue Legacy. Instead, when your character dies, you get to purchase upgrades (stat boosts, weapons, different character types, etc) with the money you collected during your last life. These upgrades are permanently passed along to your next character (a choice from 3 randomized children). However, there is a catch. As you buy new upgrades, the next set of upgrades gets more expensive, which means you have to collect more and more cash on each life to be able to afford new stuff. Frankly, this is probably the weakest aspect of the game. It can get to be a real grind having to play through the same thing over and over again... but that pretty much comes with the territory in this genre, so it's not so unexpected. On the bright side, heading back into the fray so many times allows you to get better at the game and learn the ins and outs of the various traps and enemies, making future playthroughs easier. So it all sort of balances out. That said, the challenges you'll face aren't really all that tough anyways, so this is a pretty good game for those who want to get their feet wet in the genre. The other aspect of this game that is pretty unique are the different types of randomization you can get with the aforementioned children. Characters come in several different types (knights, barbarians, spellcasters, miners, etc), each of which has a unique a special ability. Additionally, each character can also have one of several different ""traits"" - for example, ""color blind"" makes everything appear black-and-white, ""gigantism"" makes you huge, ""ADHD"" makes you move faster, etc. It's pretty fun experimenting with all the different types of characters you can get, and it definitely keeps the game from getting too stale. The only main downsides to the game are the aforementioned grinding aspect, but also that there just isn't all that much left to do once you finish. After beating the game, the bosses reset and you can continue with progressively harder playthroughs, which is nice. But nothing else really changes aside from the difficulty, so there's nothing really new to see or do. Maybe that's enough for some people, but it would have been nice if there were some additional areas or secrets. That said, what the game does offer is good enough for the price tag, I think, and is well worth your time if you are into these types of platformers and/or roguelikes. Pick it up on sale for sure, if not at full price. My only caveat would be that I would recommend using a controller, as I am not so sure how well this could possibly be controlled with just a keyboard."
,Recommended,241600,9444587,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Godbert Jesuson,Grinding: The game
76561198086852570,Recommended,241600,12782627,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,TOMahawk,"Besides having a fantasic idea and meaning behind the creation of this game.  It also just has that ablity to suck you in and replay it over and over and over again.  Yes, it is mainly a time waster, however i find myself pouring endless hours into it without intention because it gives you a drive to push forward and see whats next to come or even if you can do better than your laast effort!  A great game if you enjoy short dungeon run game that you can keep playing for a long time."
,Recommended,241600,9760018,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Arcane,▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▌▒█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▒▌░░░░░░░░░░░▌▒▒█░░░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▐░░░░░░░░░░▐▄▀▒▒▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▐░░░░░░░░▄▄▀▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▄█▒▐░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀██▀▒▌░░░░░▐▒▒▒▄▄▒▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▌░░░░▌░░▌█▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▀█▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐░░░▐░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌██▀▒▒░░░▒▒▒▀▄▌░░▌░▒▄██▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▌░▀▒▀▐▄█▄█▌▄░▀▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▐░▐▒▒▐▀▐▀▒░▄▄▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▒▌▐▒▒▒▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▐░░▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒░▒▒▒▌░░▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▒▄▒▒▐░░░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░▒░▒░▒▄▒▒▒▒▌░░░░░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▄▀░░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄ DOGE LEGACY ▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄
76561198043111734,Not Recommended,241600,28777097,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Alzack13,"To preface, while I'm not recommending this game in general, it's definitely worth it if you get it significantly on sale. It has many flaws but between them you can definitely find some good enjoyment. The flaws are, however, ever present and egregious enough for me to give this game an unfavorable review.I did beat the game, so don't think I quit early and am merely ranting. None of this is going to complaints of it being too hard for me, anything resembling that will hopefully be a critique of a game mechanic. To start off, though, here's a list of what it did well.Pros:-It looks pretty good, even as far as pixel art games go. No complaints there. Animations are smooth enough, backgrounds and landscapes colorful and interesting enough to not be a sore sight.-It sounds pretty good. I liked the music and general sound design. Nothing to write home about, but it did the game justice.-It definitely can be very fun at times. Out of the 8-9 hours I played it, 2-3 of them were me having genuine fun. Lots of it, even. Another 2-3 were me being mildly amused, just kinda going at it without thinking too hard. And another 2-3 hours of playing was me either being incredibly bored or frustrated with it. The reason for this inconsistency will be explained below.Cons:-The stat upgrade system could be a lot better. Many other roguelikes have certain things that carry over from run to run. Mostly these are unlockable pools, starting equipment, or something of the sort. Rogue Legacy takes this a step further by maintaining all of your base stats from run to run, where you use the money gained on a run to upgrade stats. This could have been interesting and kept the gameplay progressing dynamically, if not fora vital problem. Very quickly, stats become so expensive that upgrading after each run becomes less and less likely. If you play well, you can almost always get at least one upgrade, but it won't be very significant, requiring many consquetive runs (and therefore deaths) to be able to make any real progress. But the biggest issue is that upgrading any stat raises the price of other stats. Not only is this annoying and discourages changing up playstyles by speccing into other stats, it has a terrible combined effect with how classes work.-The ""choose one of three randomized classes"" thing gets old extremely fast. Talk all you want about it forcing people to change their playstyles and it being good, but in the end it just makes some runs ""throwaway runs"" that you'd rather not be doing but are forced to thanks to a poor choice pool. Combine this with my complaints about the stat system and some classes are downright useless because you haven't specced into them. This is especially infuriating when you're rushing towards bosses, because sometimes you'll get a selection that are all completely useless and you have to waste time throwing yourself to your death.-And as far as ""changing up playstyles"" goes, that hardly exists. Every single class uses the same weapon, a big sword, that does the same attack, a swing. The only differences between classes are stats and a single extra ability that is often not useful. I don't prefer a class over another because it moves or attacks differently, I play it because it does more damage or has more health. It's not explicitly bad but it's pretty boring, and my playstyle hardly changes between them. Any other differences are completely random, like spells or incredibly annoying attributes like black and white vision or flipping the entire game upside down. Again, those things are cute but get old fast.-Enemy design is bland and repeats itself constantly. Once you've gone through a dungeon area once, you've seen all you're gonna see, more or less. Since there's only a single basic attack you can do in the entire game, the strategy for each of them always remains the same strategy too. It just changes how quickly you take things.  Even between areas enemy types are reused, merely increasing their number of projectiles and other numerical properties.-Similar complaint, boss design is kind of terrible. Of the bosses I fought, only a single one was genuinely fun, and that's the very last one. The first four consist of bosses that know up to two different attacks, in arenas often littered with enemy adds or hazards. The boss immediately preceding the final boss is interesting but ends up being more annoying than fun, as it will repeat the same attack 4 times in a 5 second window. I quite enjoyed the final boss though, so props for that.-smaller gripe is that sometimes enemy movement can be a little deceitful. They sometimes change directions instantly and at random, ramming right into you. And enemies who jump to just a little below a platform will be teleported to onto the platform instantly, which is pretty infuriating for a particular boss. Also some projectiles can go through walls if the caster is close enough, which seems like a pretty silly flaw if it's unintentional.Overall, it's a great concept with pretty poor execution. It's worth it on sale but definitely not full price. I realize how damn popular this game is, and I don't understand how people could rate it so highly when it's in the same genre as far superior games like ""The Binding of Isaac (either one)"", ""Enter the Gungeon"" or ""FTL"". It just seems to fall flat in all gameplay aspects, like the developers had a fantastic game in the works but had to quickly wrap it up at about 60% development."
,Recommended,241600,20660541,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,The Gemsbok,This analysis examines the remix bosses in Cellar Door Games'Rogue Legacyas a great challenge and an example of nonlinear difficulty scaling.[. . .] There are games designed with the knowledge that most players will test the waters and then move on;Rogue Legacyis one of these. But there are also games designed with the knowledge that some players will be left wanting by a game that compromises with 'most players;'Rogue Legacyis also one of these. [. . .][Click here to continue reading this review]
,Not Recommended,241600,33541456,Posted: 14 July,all,hell,"I really tried liking this game since i have a passion for Plattformers and Metroidvania games. But after spending around 6 hours, beating 2 Bosses and after i unlocked ""a fair bit"" of the skills, classes and upgrades i still don't enjoy this game.For my taste it's way too grindy and it doesn't seem like skill will have much of an impact in this game. Sure if you are somewhat skilled you will collect a lot of gold (which is used to level up after you died) but there are locations which are pretty much suicide if you enter them before you unlocked certain upgrades. This will result in grinding and so you play the same location over and over again, to collect more gold to be strong enough to survive in the next location.The Idea of playing the ""child"" of a former character sounds fun at first but in my opinion it just doesn't work too well because that mechanic doesn't manage to make each run ""special"" enough.It's by no means a bad game and i'm sure a lot of people will have fun with this game but that's not the case with me. The ~6 hours i spent with this game felt repetitive, grindy and i'm not a fan of the controls neither.Don't get me wrong the controls are responsive, i'd say even TOO responsive which doesn't feel ""nice"" to me (there is no other way to discribe it sorry). After 6 hours i still take hits i wouldn't take in similar games.tldr;To sum it up, there are just too many things i don't like in this game which makes it impossible for me to recommend  it. However i believe that there are a good amount of people out there who would really enjoy this game. So this is a pretty personal review. Anyways, my advice is (if you are really interessted in this game): get it on Sale."
76561197974004598,Not Recommended,241600,33013007,Posted: 29 June,all,Iskarius,"I did not finish the game, not even close. I was bored of it before I could make it too far.I wasn't any good at it, but the gimmick of the game is you get better at it the more times you die. You're almost supposed to lose to eventually grind and beat it.I don't like that kind of design. Its very repetitive and it bored me to no end.I'm not being fair to the game here, but I can't recommend something I didn't enjoy. Overall I think it plays well enough, but the overall idea I just disagree with."
76561198062483455,Recommended,241600,11680427,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,[82DK]Bagelsworth,"I died. Then I died. Oh and I died when I died. I died here. I died there. I died everywhere. Oh, one time I actually managed to fight a boss. I died.10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,241600,9845090,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,IvoMace,"A fun and extremely challenging combat platformer. While at first its mostly jokes with the many different and silly status effects your characters can be born with, and by no means is that a bad thing, it evolves into a very engrossing and rewardingly difficult game."
,Recommended,241600,8553091,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Button The Gaming Lugia,Finally a game which involves syndroms and disadvantages! Man i finally feel normal in this Goddamn Game!
,Recommended,241600,6975513,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,paolovf,Brilliant casual gameplay. Very little I can say against this game as they did a great job. I will definitely replay at some point.
76561198045421390,Recommended,241600,9693621,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Papa John,too good much fun
76561198032970632,Recommended,241600,9401897,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Grimm,"This game is like Dark Souls, but with pixels. No joke, you should try this♥♥♥♥♥♥. So ♥♥♥♥ing fun."
,Recommended,241600,8526213,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Peritus Noob,"Don't buy this game, I spent far too much time on it.. and still want to play it some more!"
76561198028931320,Recommended,241600,10528824,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Headshot Lucker,Reviewss
,Recommended,241600,10538736,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Feniex,Upgraded versions of the bosses are CRAZY hard. 10/10
76561198042162415,Recommended,241600,10541454,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ConvexSolution,This game will suck many hours out of your life. Great game!
76561198015523995,Recommended,241600,8282444,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ID,"I loved the idea behind this game but only bought it recently and i must say, it's more fun than i expected. The idea is that death is permanent but you can use the collected gold on your new hero (you choose a new hero every time you die). With the gold you can buy upgrades to become stronger. Then when you want to enter the world of monsters again, all (or most) gold will be given to the creature that guards the castle. Eventually, you become strong enough to battle the bosses in the castle.The beauty of the game is that almost everything is randomized. The game world changes with every playthrough and the hero you choose at the start (you can pick out of three randomized heroes), will have unique stats and traits as well (Class, Spell, Traits, Etc). So, while the game has a simple concept, there is actually a lot of gameplay. There is also a huge list of unlockables (Runes, Gear, Classes, Bonuses, Stats) which you pay for with gold so the game offers lots of content.The controls are top notch and every death feels legit. You are the only one to blame. The game is not easy tho. Especially at the start, death will come swift and often. But the quick games and addictive gameplay will lure you back to the game in no time.Definitely recommend buying this game when it's up for sale."
76561198067606910,Recommended,241600,7378975,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Lord Sipia,"This game is so simple, yet so awesome. It gets boring after the first playthrough, though."
,Recommended,241600,10393815,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Aeliath,"Rogue Legacy is one of my first games on STEAM. Heavens, what an addicting game!God-like music, good scenarios, very challenging and interesting mechanics.The plot may be simple, but powerful by the end of the game.Totally worthy of money since is one of these games you can play and play and never get sick!"
76561198065164131,Recommended,241600,10235807,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,evangraym3,"Death is usually the bane of all gamer's experiences, but what about a game that revolves around you dying constantly for progression? Enter Rogue Legacy. A delightful ""metroidvania-esque"" game where you constantly die leaving an inheritance to your descendents, most the times with different disorders from dyslexia to dementia that can vary the game play and perception a bit. It's like hitting the genetic freak lottery jackpot sometimes in this game. Can be a lot of fun if you accept the inevitablity of death. As you progress through the game, you will notice that the castle changes with each generation, and every time you die, you leave and inheritance to your descendents which they can purchase manor upgrades that increase abilities and stats of your character or purchase equipment and/or spell runes from blueprints and runes (respectively) that you have found in the castle. After spending some time with this game, it has grown on me. It does a decent job of filling the void from having a lack of Castlevania on the PC (the 3D games are dead to me), and with its own charm, has made me a fan."
76561198069406515,Recommended,241600,10181790,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Matt,Dark Souls and platformers ♥♥♥♥ed. This is their child.
,Recommended,241600,8228238,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DeadMansSuspenders,"If it's good enough to recommend after only an hour of playing, it must be good. A rogue-like with genetics mixed in. There's no way to express how good it feels to have your Mage with Gigantism and Baldness triumph over evil."
76561198040725257,Recommended,241600,8905202,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,NapoleonX,Great game that will frustrate you for hours before you are capable of surviving 5 minutes.   Play with a controller.  Keyboard controls are almost impossible
,Recommended,241600,10708380,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BalianBlue,You can be a charcater that farts11/10
,Recommended,241600,10725980,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,3735943886,"Amazing rougelike 2d platformer. Do buy, do play."
76561198053441220,Recommended,241600,10741424,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jos Li,"Pretty fun indie game, gives you hours of fun, i hope for an expancion."
76561198111846035,Recommended,241600,10752567,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Carpe Animus,"Brilliantly fun game, that can make you rage at times. Easy to drop in and out of, full of great humour and ever changing. Would really recommend."
,Recommended,241600,8825182,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,MixedCheese,too many dieing
76561197977224719,Recommended,241600,10751450,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jdmiles,"Great game! Humourous, easy to play and very reminiscent of earlier ""Metroidvania"" style games."
,Recommended,241600,10730943,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,"""PERSONA!""- Japanese Student","I truly Enjoy this game, 9/10, buy it."
,Recommended,241600,10699252,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Andy,"Rogue Legacy is a fun game. It rewards persistence, so you'll have to keep failing before you finally succeed. It's well worth playing beyond the challenging beginning, upgrading your character and improving your skill. There are some very difficult endgame challenges."
,Recommended,241600,9402381,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Kats,One of the more addictive platformers I've played... very fun!
,Recommended,241600,8864434,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Lu,"When you think of roguelikes, you normally think of randomness, high difficulty, and most importantly, permadeath. Dying in those games is very serious, you lose everything: Characters, stats, items, all gone. In that genre, death really means Game Over. But what if it didn’t have to be that way? Enter Rogue Legacy.You are a warrior tasked with exploring a magical castle and defeating monsters within, with Castlevania-like gameplay that should be familiar to everyone. The twist is that, when you die, that character is gone, and you start playing as one of their heirs, with different traits and classes. The money and treasure gathered by the deceased are passed on, and you can spend them on upgrades and equipments for the new generations.The game manages to keep a constant sense of progress with the upgrade system; dying is not the end, it’s the beginning of a new adventure where you’re likely to be better prepared. It’s not just about getting better stats and armor, either, you’ll also unlock new classes and mechanical improvements, like dashes and air jumps.Your descendants are, however, randomly generated. This goes for both class and traits, the latter of which are characteristics like ""Glaucoma"" or ""Dwarfism"" that can be very helpful, irrelevant, or highly crippling. The unreliability inherent to the heirs often forces you to adapt to something that ""will do"" instead of having the best for the task available, which makes victory all the more sweet.And of course, it wouldn’t be a roguelike if the journey through the castle was always the same. It changes, but not simply for each game: It changes on every single generation. This is why you don’t want to die too early: You miss the chance to get a lot of loot, and boss rooms are transferred elsewhere. On the other hand, a new character means new treasure to find, so it’s not that bad. It’s fun, both to win, and to lose.And that is Rogue Legacy: A game that avoids being frustrating, but still without making you feel you’re getting off easy. All the balance in the gameplay elements really shows that a lot of effort was put into making this game, and it paid off, because Rogue Legacy makes for a fantastic roguelike*, and probably for one of the best Castlevanias out there, too.* “Roguelite”, if you prefer.PS: Use of a controller is highly recommended."
,Recommended,241600,7917628,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Vindeb,"This was a fun game for the first 10 hours...The oldschool graphics were great and the controls were very responsive. I also enjoyed the concept of each play through being your heir which you pass your wealth to.My only gripe is that after 10 hours or so you're about ready to bottle it up and put it away. Levels randomize but eventually it doesn't FEEL random.Still, I like it overall."
76561197964314281,Recommended,241600,180155,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,kjelli_,"This Game Taunts and Challenges you to the point where you just want to strangle something, buy it play it beat it I dear you!"
,Recommended,241600,9189694,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,SceneTurkey,"Fantastic rogue-like game. Take a little bit of computer power to run, but not too much. Is a very addicting game."
76561198006510663,Recommended,241600,9209225,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Ulfgar III,"Excellent game, like a modern Ghost and Goblins! Good retro art, very good soundtrack, and excellent gameplay designed to fit various playing styles. Definitely worth the price. It has a decent replayability potential, even though for hardcore gamers maybe it lacks a time run or something of the sort. For me, until now, best game of 2014 (I know that it came out last year).In a few words: a must!!!"
76561198081149130,Recommended,241600,9082392,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,+1s🐸,"After cleared this game 4th time and complete all achievement, I finally puked...Compare with traditional 2-D Mario-games, the idea of random scenes is quite creative. And also, this game do add something new after each time you cleared, in order to avoid monotonousness.However, the general idea still remain unchanged. You cleared the game, you start from the beginning, the game become harder, and you cleared the game again. The game will become monootonous and boring eventually. I guess most player give up this game after clear 2 times (most achievement which need clear 3 or 4 times are remain undone, according to the global achievement statistic.).Recommend to 2D-game lovers, core-players and player who like to challenge themselves in game."
,Recommended,241600,8747151,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Kretical,"After playing for nearly 15 + hours, I can confidently say that this game is worth every penny I invested into it.  Shout out to SpaceHamster on Youtube for suggesting this game!"
76561198011153587,Recommended,241600,8734286,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,sentor98,"Rogue-like gaming meets Castlevania and a persistant upgrade system.  If your curiouse about Rogue and Rogue-like 'hardcore' gaming then this is an excellent place to start.  While it has the harsh and randomness of a Rogue-like. it also has an underlying persistant progression that all of your characters share and benefit from as you unlock it and a rather unique sense of humor.   There are a wealth of classes and features to play around with as you progress through the game and not much is missing in the way of challenge you'd expect from a game in this genre while still managing to be more approachable by newcomers.Though it does bare mentioning that if you sit there and grind those manor upgrades you'll soon find the challenge stripped from the game, if only for the time being till your progress catches up with your power.  I recommend not grinding, sure grab all the money and pickups you can per run but -do not- grind.  you may find  that stripping the challenge from the game (even temporarilly) may also diminish your enjoyment of it."
76561198038367872,Recommended,241600,8780751,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Holo,Really enjoy this game
76561198076779938,Recommended,241600,8784299,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,dfoley83,Incredibly addictive. The random dungeons keep things fresh.
,Recommended,241600,8245183,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Foxx,"ever changing castle, much, much dying.. it's a platformer that i've been enjoying quite a bit the past few weeks."
76561198075109102,Recommended,241600,8703407,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Chayen,This game is very good. I recommend for this game style!
,Recommended,241600,8646678,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,adameyboi,"Old skool, new skool awesomeness."
,Recommended,241600,8651708,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Stea.mPunk Bob,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3H-BWBUsUkAn... okay roguelike/action game. I wouldn't call it GREAT, but if it goes on sale, it should be worth grabbing."
,Recommended,241600,8587621,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,whfulk,This game was remarkably frustrating at first and I almost walked away but then after a few levels I really started to enjoy it. I've now logged over twenty hours on it and I am absolutely in love with the marriage of the old school concept with fresh twists that this game provides. 10/10
,Recommended,241600,8664801,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Convoluted,This is an incredibly addicting game.  It's a game you can sit down and play for 5 minutes or 5 hours.  The levels keep changing so there isn't any level memorization required.  It's just about improving your reflexes. Great game!
,Recommended,241600,8841087,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,cookywook,"Wow, that 17 hours really flew by."
,Recommended,241600,8708754,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Confused Minotaur,Do not play this game to calm down and pass time.Its insane...
,Recommended,241600,8297880,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jojabi,"Rogue Legacy is one of those games that perfectly balances the simple with the hectic. The game could be called simple, like many side-scrollers can, but there's a lot worth thinking about and strategic decisions to be made in regard to the upgrade tree for your character. While the various rooms of the castle explored by your hero can be quite chaotic, it's never completely overwhelming. The difficulty level in this game is perfectly balanced for it's play-style (dying a lot but not too much or in a bad way.) The game has great replay-ability as when you ""beat"" the game, the difficulty is notched up and you simply continue on, with the same character even.The game does a fantastic job with it's subtleties and humor without losing sight of the actual gameplay. The two are spliced together almost perfectly. It's supported by solid achievements and trading cards. Rogue Legacy is completely enjoyable. It'd be hard to regret purchasing it. I know I never will.Strongly suggest giving it a try! It really is a great experience."
,Recommended,241600,11014245,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jarlic Bread,"I feel connected to the character i play as, because every heir perfectly describes my personality, whether it's a near sighted midget wizard who cr@ps his pants, or a giant gay dyslexic miner.Irritable Bowel Syndrome/10"
76561198043719655,Recommended,241600,11024072,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Lostey,Excellent game that pushes your skills to the limits
,Recommended,241600,10855463,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,GloriousKoch,I've spent 13 hours on this game in the past 24 hours and I'm not even sure why. I think that means this game is good.
,Recommended,241600,10931242,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Rama,"Have you ever tried out a roguelike and wanted to like it, but just couldn't get into its punishing nature?I have, and no matter how many times I tried to get into the genre, for the most part I couldn't find one that was for me.And then Rogue Legacy came around, with its Castlevania-inspired gameplay, randomized character-trait system that always added a unique flair to the gameplay, and the constant sense of accomplishment with the numerous upgrades available at your keep, and I couldn't stop playing the game.Every time I'd get to the point of ""just one more run,"" I'd find myself getting even more gold than I did the previous run, and then I'd want to go spend it on something in the keep, and then I'd try again, and before I knew it I had played another hour.Addictive doesn't even begin to describe it.Buy this game, hook up your favorite gamepad (or buy one because this game plays SOOO good with one), and then watch as time flies as you try to uncover more and more of the castle and/or find tons of gold."
,Recommended,241600,10952377,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,fenndoji,"Expected this to be more Rogue-y and less Metroidvania-ey but dang is it a neat combination of the genres.It's a MetroidVania with laughs, style, and character that feels fresh and different every time."
,Recommended,241600,10963005,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Stiny,This game is amazing!  Randomized level makes it so you are constantly playing a new game.  The crazy traits of your characters keeps making me laugh.  Great difficulty keeps you on your toes with just the right amount of penalty for dying.
,Recommended,241600,10868163,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Caffeine Please,"Lie: ""I'll play something else when I die this time.""Lie: ""I really need to go, so this will be my last run.""Lie: ""Seriously, I'll just buy upgrades and then shut her off.""Lie: ""Okay so I made it really far, let me lock the castle and try that boss one more time.""Lie: ""I gotta head out for work but I can just do one more run real quick."""
76561198060611659,Recommended,241600,10980954,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DouglasMartIni,Be warned that every time you think you are going to stop; you don't.
76561198021195631,Recommended,241600,8706749,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Josestroyer,At least! Ghost and goblins spirit and new features.. Enjoy!
,Recommended,241600,11341238,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,juanS,"Vraiment un bon jeu, je vous le conseille."
76561198123156925,Recommended,241600,11266013,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,rage5000100,"excellent game, hard at first, but after a few tries you get used to the play style"
,Recommended,241600,8981717,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,"FuckKnuckle Fred, no net :(","All i can say, is that this needs co-op. So i sit down with a friend and say ""Okay, lets go kill this stupid boss."" Like really.. Hopefully they make a number 2 {they may be already} and make it co-op. You can only make this game better by being able to run around with a friend chopping things with a sword that with rediculous traits."
,Recommended,241600,7904988,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Big Boss,"I love this game, really worth it. Has astounding music and a cool take on the rougelike game. Definitely give it a shot."
76561197974714089,Recommended,241600,11918200,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,[GNR] Slimer,"A lot of people died during my gameplay, remember the fallen who suffered from color blindness , vertigo, glaucoma, fan of the man, dwarfism, ibs, and many other traits."
,Recommended,241600,11942392,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,damngary,"Wow, I never know what Rogue games were actually. This game is a damn hoot.  I was obsessed with getting that next level, it was crazy how much I would stay up late. If you do get this game, partition your time wisely. If you are skilled, you will probably get through this with more ease than I had.The game offers many many many upgrades that you can get through finding gold inside the castle (which changes all the rooms everytime your [new] heir enters). You have a manor that allows you to upgrade health, magic, armor, you know, the regular stuff, but also allows you to upgrade rooms to get new styles of play.It is much more deep than that.Trust me, you want in.Good luck, it it a fun treck."
,Recommended,241600,10575008,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mush,"This game plays really well, especially with a controller. Its rogue-like elements mean that the game has a lot of replayability and  upgrading your heroes as you play the game keeps it interesting. In theory this game should be good for short sessions of play, but it has a tendancy to pull you in with the idea of ""just one more run""."
,Recommended,241600,77240,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,¡¡¡ -,"""If I close my eyes for ever / Would it ease the pain / Could I breath again"""
,Recommended,241600,11348022,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Box,"Pixels, Bad guys, Swords all of that stuff in this game! But be careful you only have One life for each hero. Die and you play as someone else, No hero is perfect each one may have a flaw one might be nice but you must find treausers in the castle and complete your father's story and become a MIGHTY KING! 9/10"
,Recommended,241600,13441712,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,El Phantasmo,ExcellentGreat game for Steam Big Picture.  Get an XBOX controller and easy to kill some time after work.
,Recommended,241600,7599511,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,stOex,"I like rogue-likes, yeah. This game though makes it a tick more addictive than the usual formula. You do not get to choose which class you play and which traits the char has, but you do get to pick one hero out of three random ones at each start of new round. Your goal - defeat the 4 bosses and open the golden gate at the beginnning of the castle. As you explore the castle, there's gold, runes, blue prints & stat points to gather. Once you die, the next char will succeed the old one by carrying over all the items you gathered beforehand. You can upgrade stats and unlock new classes at you mansion, equip new runes on gear that the blacksmith crafted with the blue prints you found. This game does it right. It is difficult, but with every new character it gets a bit easier and suddenly it 'clicks'.Love this game!"
76561198054239181,Recommended,241600,8181111,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Squire Rob,"I'll keep this one short; if you enjoy brutal platforming/action element games in the vein of Super Meat Boy, you will probably enjoy this. Unlike SMB, each hero you play with is randomly generated before you start the game. Each hero has their own abilities that will make them useful in some aspect of the game. That being said, the spells you get as a mage will sometimes hurt more than help. Warriors and rogues and whatnot have a better average play ability than a mage. In addition to the different hero types, each hero also has traits randomly selected for them before the game starts. Ever play as a tiny, near-sighted warrior? Again, some of them are good and some are bad. Some will make you puke. The game plays well, and is generally fun, provided you do NOT mind dying every few minutes. But such is a roguelike."
76561198040993744,Recommended,241600,10913931,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CD - Weezy,"This is a really fun game to play during free-time and it has a lot of dark humor which isn't surpising since this game was develop from the guys that made ""Don't♥♥♥♥♥♥Your Pants."" Which DSYP is a very funny, short and amazing game as well. It has a lot of grinding to it which adds to the hours you will spend upgrading your offsprings. This game is NOT recommend to those that aren't willing to spend hours to collect gold to upgrade their characters before even thinking about facing the crazy bosses this game has espcially the new Neo versions."
,Recommended,241600,15214395,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Chrom,"If you like grinding gold for a 5000 gold usless dragon class, if you like endlessly killing children to get good traits, then getting screwed over by a Mc Donald Sandwich, If you like endlessly searching a castle cause your to stingy to give up 40% of your gold, do you like making new batches of children, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,241600,11354586,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Newmar,This games is amazing and in the same time so funny.The heroes' traits are hilarious.Who can imagine playing with a color blind hero or a hero which suffer from irritable bowels?
,Recommended,241600,9820960,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Taethen,"5/5 Worth $15 undeniably if you enjoy a challenging game. You will not be able to beat it easily, guaranteed!"
,Recommended,241600,10731662,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Chappy,"It's fun, challnging, addicting, and it controls like a dream.Not to mention it's dirt cheap thanks to almighty lords at Valve. Get it already."
,Recommended,241600,12922526,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,zero,"Well, even dying is interesting in this game.  Controls are top noch, graphics and sound adecuate to the purpose.  You won't regret playing this.  A must if it's on sale, a good buy if it is not."
,Recommended,241600,12167146,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,/pol/gage [epic gamer],"Rogue Legacy is one of those games I looked at and said, ""Hm, this looks really weird, but I'm going to buy it anyway because why the heck not?"" I started my first game and was like, ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is good."" I have completed the game since then. What do I say now? It's a really ♥♥♥♥ing good game."
,Recommended,241600,11837523,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Kurosaki,"♥♥♥♥ING LEGENDARY. 10/10In a world where Castlevania went God of War and lost its identity, Rogue Legacy rescues orphanized Castlevania fans. Sure, it doesn't feel exactly like Castlevania, and it shouldn't. It feels like Rogue Legacy, and that's saying a lot.The many generations of a same family endlessly battling against a castle.Each generation brings a different, unique character. You can play as many different classes, which can be upgraded. You want to be a Barbarian King/Queen? You can. You want to be a Hokage? You can. You want to be a Lich King? You can.Seriously, this game is beast. Just buy it. Just. Buy. It."
,Recommended,241600,7805034,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,om8_8mo,Funny Insane Good Hectic Technical platformer.
76561197998060670,Recommended,241600,10692275,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Usojin,"A game predicated on dying A LOT just to level up.  Different, and otherwise unreasonable with its difficulty.  Yet I can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,241600,10711496,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Smecken!,"If you are into rogue-like games then you should get this game immediately. I mean COME ON! BUY IT ALREADY!you pick a hero and then go off into the castle. in there you can find big knights, mages(or whatever the hell they are), haunted paintings, spikey balls shooting fireballs, hauntedghost balls (lots of balls in this game). there is more enemies but i can't remember them all.NOTE: if you are gonna play this game you'll need a xbox or playstation controller because the gameplay feels more comfortable with a controller (I recommend a xbox controller).SECOND NOTE: this game is pretty hard once you start off but once you turn into ""a pro"" its a little easier."
,Recommended,241600,11416403,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,hugh damn right,"An entertaining twist on roguelikes. Its like spelunky for noobs. The longer you play the game the easier it gets because the RPG elements carry over into your next playthrough. Regardless, it is still challenging and fun."
76561198046347827,Recommended,241600,10591053,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Gulyus,"Rogue Legacy is an interesting game/rogue lite.  A variety of classes (which you don't choose but from possibly up to 3 each death), a huge amount of upgrades on your castle, and a touch of nostaglia in terms of graphics AND controls leads to a ... pleasant? experience.  When it isn't causing nail biting discomfort, that is.  Game can be tough.Pros:Nigh infinite replayability, with no two zones the same, no two characters the same, tons of upgrades.Interesting story wrapped in a few neat little bundles, and hidden throughout the game.Cons:Can be hard as all heck to get anything as certain classes.Some of the negative qualities can make the game unplayable.Dragons were underpowered when I played."
,Recommended,241600,8635565,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Zero Paradox,"Rogue Legacy.This game is full of fun and does not annoy you after some hours thanks to all the jokes and universe (graphics, chat, descriptions,...)This games needs good reflexes also, precision, speed, cold blood. Well, it is a Rogue-like btw.For sure, the beggining will be hard, your player is ealily taken down by enemies, but the RPG part needs to be well done if you want to go forward faster.Then, one of the cool game for change to all the common others games."
,Recommended,241600,9441310,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Exodus,"Rogue Legacy. Damn, I love this game. It's so fun. Anyways, Rogue Legacy is a rogue-lite game that requires you to kill 4  bosses in order to open a golden throne room, that I have yet to know what's inside. The game is quite difficult, let me just say that. When you die, your children will succeed you. You pick one child and you use them you hopefull finish the game. Then when you die after, you always have 3 children to choose from. When you die, you don't have to completely restart. You keep all your equipment, and all the points you spent on the manor (your perks such as more health, more mana, attack power up, etc.) So you level up with each point in the manor. Now, the gameplay. You basically can move and jump and slash and cast spells to kill enemies. Pretty simple. You can also have a smithy who has the equipment *note: you must find blueprints for your smithy to be able to make it, then you buy it.* The enchantress can enchant your equipment with runes to give extra bonuses and power ups. *note: you must also find the runes yourself.* There's a lot more to the game, but that's all I can explain now. Verdict: 9/10. BUY THE GAME NOW! FULL PRICE! NOW! THE SECOND YOU READ THIS!"
76561198002104967,Recommended,241600,10877620,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Crazy [TACO] I'm Firecracker jim,This game is hard but lots of fun and keeping things after perma death with a new brood is a fun great addition.
,Recommended,241600,12927234,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Rhetorn[SK],"Quite addictive!Pros:- gameplayCons:- missing Steam Cloud... :(- after some time game starts to be quite boring, because it gets very hard to progress further with same life"
,Recommended,241600,9163675,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Darth Butt,One time I was a lesbian dwarf and I died from getting airshot by a fire magician.10/10.
76561198044261488,Recommended,241600,10761098,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Psyc0Kat01,'s good
76561198088606462,Recommended,241600,7145980,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,eikonsk8,great game
76561198095719887,Recommended,241600,20344302,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Sterling Archer,"This game will shatter your hopes and dream till you have no glimmer of hope left in your entire body,this is probadly the best method of toture psychologically, this is more traumitizing than your mom naked (  EZ PZ REKT)"
,Recommended,241600,17278910,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"First of all, If you hate dying, dying, dying... dying, again, again and again then you'll hate this game cause you do die a lot, It should be called Rogue Legacy DIE Edition.Let's be serious, It's not that hard but like most of the roguelike games you'll have to play to get better, your character will gets better but so the enemies, It's a nice platformer game, It can be kind of repetetive after a time but It's still a really great game that I would suggest to any roguelike fans.What would make this game even more epic is if you could be able to create your own castle/level and also more characters, more weapons, more genre of levels (outside, snowy, etc etc...).But I'm not complaining, It's still a really good game.8.5/10"
76561198074679598,Recommended,241600,8621326,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Goredance,Awesome game i really laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off when i saw some of these diseases.... Only thing left to say is i recommend it to every metroidvania lover out there
,Recommended,241600,18347099,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,doing the obvious,"Entertaining enough, very reminiscent of Castlevania 1/3. You need to learn how to use your main weapon which has a slight delay and your sub weapons which all bring different function to the game.Avoid entirely if you don't like grindfests because that's what it quickly devolves into."
76561198149881474,Recommended,241600,15631379,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,trentvh,"Sweet merciful crap!This is one of the most fun games i've bought in a while. Gameplay is fun, story is amusing, character choosing is awesome, building your armory/stats/runes/thatsortofthing is suuuuper fun. Even having your character die is fun, because you get to pick a new one.Buy it. Srsly."
,Recommended,241600,9828970,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,NostalgiaGamer,"Chalenging mideval action-based RPG. You have to rely on dodging and quick wits to avoid taking hits if and at all possible. Players comming from games such as Castlevania (the series) or Zelda II The Adventures of Link will find a familar but fresh and  most likely unique and enjoyable expirence. I appriciate how this game offers options to cool down the difficulty (although personally I haven't had to use them yet, I anticipate it later on in the game, as it is found by many players to be a useful, natural option) for players who find themselves overwhelmed in any way, shape or form. It is a famillar concept but a unique and enjoyable expirence nonetheless."
76561198047821844,Recommended,241600,8417233,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,enragedsun,"Very fun, very addicting."
76561198158149244,Recommended,241600,13183856,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,tuckboat,Awesome. One of my favorite platformers all time. Great game balance between difficulty (yet for the most part fair challenges) and fairly consistent progression something I rarely find in roguelike games.Outside of that there is not alot I can add that has not already been said in other reviews. I did feel it necessary to add my voice to the chorus.9/10 (I don't give 10's)Recommended for anyone.
76561198002547791,Recommended,241600,7650627,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Armosis,When I need my Castlevania fix and don't feel like hooking up a console or dusting off a handheld... This is what I play.
,Recommended,241600,12762136,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,pɐəɯonıɔ sʍoɹdsɯən,"I killed 6 bosses and an outrageous amount of mini-bosses with one character. (And ended the game.)Then I stepped on a spike trap and got wrecked.Shrekoning/10.Ok, for real. This game is pretty good. Here are le' pros:Pixel Graphics (Opinionative)Great controlsChallengingHas a lot of replayabilityMetroidvania (Can be a con if you hate said type of game.)My only real cons are:Grindy at the startGoing NG+ and up can be too hard for thoseSo yeah. I rate this a solid 8.6/10."
,Recommended,241600,11230640,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,☩ ＰＩＮＧＵ ☩,best 2d platformer i have ever played it is a must
,Recommended,241600,10721763,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,IllaenaGalefall,"This game is a classic example of 'easy to learn, hard to master'. And by 'hard', I really mean hard. The manor upgrades get ridiculously expensive, and while your characters get stronger, enemies will keep kicking your♥♥♥♥♥If you want a challenge which you can overcome with skill, this is a game for you.The amount of skill required is insane though.-L0lf0ry0u"
,Recommended,241600,823518,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,^Venusian Fleshtrader,"A very interesting concept unfortunately ruined my inexperienced design and a reluctance to update by the dev team. Animation is fluid and sound is okay, caveat here that the jump strike that you are forced to use to defeat certain enemies/platform is incredibly wonky and WILL cause you to lose runs.My main issue is that the game (by design) doesnt force you to clear rooms , this results in some rooms being tuned to be far too hard (with the intention of you skipping them).The problem herein lies in the fact that once you reach  later zones/new game +   it is simply  more advantageous to skip every enemy and dash for the boss rooms unless you are overlevelled due to repetitive farming.Thanks to this flaw the game starts breaking apart because the whole concept of collecting gold coins in order to level up and defeat monsters is moot due to bosses only scaling in hp/damage(and not tiers like the normal monsters) and having predictable patterns.A lot of wasted oppertunity but still fun the first(and second) run if that is your cup of tea, however unlike games like The Binding of Isaac/Risk of Rain/Spelunky it is unlikely that you will get much replayability out of this."
76561198019906160,Recommended,241600,3270928,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,NetMoverSitan,"This game is a mix of ""Mega Man X"", Metroidvania (Which started with ""Castlevania: Symphony of the Night"") and other game elements that aren't immediately clear to me. It has enough random elements to stop this from becoming boring with a...unique method of leveling up. Time to send some inbred nobles to their deaths! LOL!!!"
,Recommended,241600,7767050,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,MegaMikeMan,"While the basic combat is well, basic, the player can equip runes, armor and use additional items to really enhance their abilities and allow for more combat options. The game is the perfect length and I especially enjoyed the Keep building mechanic. Expanding your Keep opens up even more options to your descendants. This really helps in ensuring you always have something to spend your gold on, while at the same time helping you progress further each time."
,Recommended,241600,2953938,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Steveland Cleamer,You start out as this one guy which is pretty cool but then when you get to play as his son it's all like woah what no way then that guys daughter is a total lesbian with a beard that throws knives at people and her son is a midget who is always upside down.Two thumbs way up
,Recommended,241600,7841650,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Brinon,"completely must-play, GREAT game!"
,Recommended,241600,9408731,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Ressul_Bormik,"This game is addictive as hell. Gameplay is solid. The music is great. And it actually realizes it's concept. I can't think of a single thing that this game would benefit from having. But it is definitely not for those who get upset when they die. Because you will die a lot at first. But each time you do you can make your ""heirs"" even stronger."
,Recommended,241600,1572597,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Horrible Little Man (MO of MOO),"A fun game that doesnt take itself to seriously. Game can fell slow or unfair at times but ultimately feels good to control and advance in. Pretty gosh darn hard, I would tell you to prepare to die, but Manus, the father of the abyss makes no apearence. The soundtrack by Tettix and A shell in the pit is also pure gold, good at pumping you up to get your but handed to you on a silver platter. Lastly the art is awesome, its really colorfull and fits together really well while giving the player easy visuals with which they can interpret the action, although some character traits can mess with it and cause problems. I just wish there were more to it than there is, I would totaly buy an expansion pack for it if one ever came out. Its a simple joyfull little expirience that pulls you in and take great pleasure in beating you to a pulp, but as though posessed by stockholm syndrome I cant help but keep coming back. I give it  a score of three sad clowns out of a posible score of dead hooker in the basement, BUY THIS GAME NOW!"
76561198102414881,Recommended,241600,9801177,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Baus Blanco,"logged 30+ hours on it. Not a lot of story, but what little there is is definetly cool. Definetly a game for the perfectionist, it offers lots of upgrades and a lot of adaptability for multiple play throughs. It also has a ton of easter eggs, which is great in my book. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,241600,12463793,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ch0plol,"One of the best games I played this year. I was extremely frustrated in the beginning and was about to uninstall it, but once I got used to the controls and unlocked more abilities I couldn't stop playing."
,Recommended,241600,5088242,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Yare Yare Daze,Why are you not playing this game? Buy it!
,Recommended,241600,8239331,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,tensider,Can't ...stop ....playing....
76561198050629839,Recommended,241600,9873153,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,zhertarus,Great game! Hard as hell but not impossible. It's Dark Souls in 8 bits
76561198087541153,Recommended,241600,8917064,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,MajorLazer,Buy it for replayability value alone... totally worth it!
76561198108214334,Recommended,241600,8640237,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Zotrian,"I was bored. I was looking for something fun and light to take my mind away from all the more serious games I'd been playing. I found it.Well, truth be told, I wasn't actually expecting to enjoy Rogue Legacy all that much, I really only picked it up because a friend had recommended it, and fully expected to get bored quickly. That's basically the opposite of what happened.The graphics are cute, and who doesn't like to do the occasional dungeon-crawl with adorable graphics? I was hooked within minutes. At this point, I find myself playing it for a little while most days. I'll decide ""just one more character, just one more dungeon-crawl and then I'll go to bed... A few hours and a whole bunch of deaths later, I usually do. This is probably one of the most addictive little games I've played in a long time.The idea behind it is really very simple. You play a child from each of a succession of generations of one family, you can choose which, out of three random options, and in you go. The dungeon is different each time, unless you pay the Architect to give you the same one again, and until you pay for the upgrade that lets you pay Charon a little less, the ferryman charges you all your gold to get in. That's a real pain, makes it harder to stockpile your gold. You need that gold to upgrade your stats. Eventually, you face the bosses in it, but you can choose when to go through those doors, and they stay defeated through each generation after they're beaten. The story itself is told through diary pages that you find randomly.But sometimes the simplest ideas are the best, and this game is a whole lot of fun."
,Recommended,241600,29706,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Darkwell,"Rogue Legacy is a rogue-like-like. Difficult, procedurally-generated levels with a touch of bullet-hell combine with perma-death and randomized characters to make an interesting game that owes a debt to roguelikes.The gameplay is satisfyingly challenging, if a little grindy. If grind doesn't bother you, you can look forward to a fun combination of platformer, action game, and bullet hell."
,Recommended,241600,7835277,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Sparrowhawk,"A unique side-scrolling ""rogue-lite"" with gameplay not unlike Castlevania and music reminiscent of Diablo. Characters can have many different traits which can benefit or hinder the player in sometimes strange ways. When you die, you continue on as a descendent of your last character and continue to chip away at the ever-changing castle. I highly recommend this for fans of roguelikes and the Castlevania series. It is well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,241600,10019081,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,nomad,I hope you like getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked.
76561198024985610,Recommended,241600,8215985,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ryuuga Hideki,"You will die in this game. A lot. But that's just how it goes, and every death gives you a chance to learn and grow stronger. Well, maybe your children instead of you, but you get the point. Equal parts roguelike, RPG, and action-platformer, it's a strong combo that is maddeningly addictive, and a New Game+ mode ensures you'll come back after the credits roll. While it may not be perfect, and is not for everyone, this is easily one of my favorite games this year. If you love a good challenge, I strongly recommend this."
76561198106653802,Recommended,241600,11013695,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,kaylex24,"So freaking addictive, fun and unique."
76561198073270328,Recommended,241600,8829417,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,One Man and his Droid,"I'm sure I'm just echoing many people...Tight controls, perfectly pitched aesthetics, great humour and like most have said...It's Ghosts 'n' Goblins for our time...'nuff said - what are you waiting for?!?!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZCMUnjLL-A"
,Recommended,241600,7890379,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Slav Knight Gael,"""Meh game"" 11/10 ~IGN"
,Recommended,241600,9422341,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,*OCB* solojony,"Great 2d platformer with a random roguelike castle system, gameplay in the vein of castlevania to be enjoyed with a controller.The roguelike and heritage system fits perfectly in the hard to master play style where you are bound to die often, by dieing you get to buy and spend your loot to come back again to a new generated castle with your more powerful heir. The traits mechanics add a fun twist and a lot of variety to the basic concept of 2d platform fighting.Is real easy to get into it and has a quick return which sets it apart from other games of the genre that usually have to be mastered before getting a real enjoyment out of it."
,Recommended,241600,10041875,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Looney Tik,"This is a game that I didn't expect to get addicted to. Then again how would one know beforehand what one would be addicted to in a game?The genre of this one is RPG roguelike 2d platformer. I have seen so many reviews of people comparing this to the Binding of Issac. ♥♥♥♥ those reviews, this is nothing like that game. The only thing they have in common is that each run is different.In Rogue Legacy, you are basically running around in a castle collecting as much money as you can (for your legacy) and killing monsters (for yourself). Each time you enter the castle, it is different inside. Once dead, you must choose a new heir (1 of 3) to explore the castle. Everyone is different. Everyone has a unique name, a class, a gender, and random attributes that make them unique. The money you earn goes to that heir and is used for purchases of items/upgrades/unlocks and must be used before going into the castle. What you choose to purchase stays for every character (equipable items can be switched/unequipped). Everyone gets 1 life to live. There are some small exceptions to things I've mentioned, but that's via unlocks anyway."
76561198010053047,Recommended,241600,8320891,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Judiciary,Its really fun.
,Recommended,241600,9172474,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Krmpy,"I am amazed as to how much i like this game. Honestly I'm bad at it, but it's just so much fun!"
76561198055696380,Recommended,241600,8075734,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Pestilence,Like Metroidvania games and quirky humor? This ones for you.
,Recommended,241600,9400715,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Grafii,<rage>Stupid game...Stupid gigantic eye...Stupid colorblind barbaric dwarfs...</rage>8.9/10
,Recommended,241600,8237021,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,OmegaJeff,"All the challenge and consequnce of a rogue-like, only a fraction of the frustration, and a healthy does of Castlevania to boot."
,Recommended,241600,9198578,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,ChrisTheFields,"Rogue Legacy is a game that has more content and replayablity than most big budget AAA titles on the market right now. Rogue Legacy is about your decendents as you search Castle Hamson for treasure and other reasons.You will play as one of three randomly generated characters who will loot a castle and its surrounding areas for gold which you will use to upgrade you manor and level up. Upon death, you can level up your stats and other bonuses, get armor, and choose the next family member to go into the castle.The controls are perfect and you are the one who feels responsible for screwing up. Even at full price, this game is worth all the money you put in it. Rogue Legacy comes highly recommended, especially if you like randomly generated games."
,Recommended,241600,14146678,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ohyou,"A very well crafted rogue-like platformer game.Gameplay is fast-paced (bullet evading included) and feels really greatSounds and music are quite good.Mechanics are decent for a rogue-like game.However, as soon as you reach the ""end game"", the game will become repetitive and boring. Hop in, kill the bosses, kill the last boss, go to the next difficulty, repeat.I would suggest this for anyone who loves platformers. Even if you're not very familiar with rogue-like genre."
,Recommended,241600,8668216,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,OakRaven,very addictive
,Recommended,241600,10997488,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,unaesthetic,"This is among the most instantly addictive games I've ever played... The old-school Ghosts 'n Goblins platform mechanic is tried and true. Add to this the seemingly endless upgradeability of your characters, equipment and skills and the generative maps, giving a crazy amount of ""just one more go..."""
,Recommended,241600,7321005,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Dew,very much fun good game u play must may the force be with you
,Recommended,241600,8243705,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Amblamps,So hard.
,Recommended,241600,8325498,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,KaiserElectric,"The most fun I've had with a Roguelike for quite some time. Controls take a little getting used to, but you won't find any other game with a style quite like this one. Get it, especially if it goes on sale."
,Recommended,241600,7798355,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ezekial  🐸,Great game
76561198079563809,Recommended,241600,8735149,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Lord Manatee II,"A fantastic, time devouring, and addictive game. Rogue-like elements that let you build on your character over and over in a very rewarding way that has kept me coming back for hours and hours. I've already maxed out every item and upgrade in the game, but I still want to play more or maybe even restart the data. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,241600,8187505,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[nub✔]rockidr4,This game is crazy addicting.
76561198006256788,Recommended,241600,13149622,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,mirageofpenguins,"This is a good video game.I want you to take note of its qualities and recognize them as ""Good Video Game"" material."
76561198110828472,Recommended,241600,13150895,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,BlackFlame,"It is possiable to win on your first try,But you won't."
76561198074594605,Recommended,241600,13154682,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,r1-d1,I did this to level up
76561198069585256,Recommended,241600,12783008,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Аясей Эри,"An interesting Rogue-like that replaces hair-pulling difficulty, with the ability to grind up power-ups needed to beat your enemies. You are able to level up your abilities permanantly, instead of searching for them every round. The beauty of this game lies in the fact that your ""child"" changes each and everytime, you will rarely have the same experience twice. Enjoy youself as you play with a farting, colorblind, ectomorph, and then beating the game with him. 8/10 (Can quickly become a grind and does not offer a whole lot of endgame content)"
,Recommended,241600,9931714,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Llamachamaboat,This game is fantastic. It is all the fun of playing a Clastlevania without actually having to play Castlevania. I play with a Super Nintendo controller so it feels legit.Draculabackwards/10
,Recommended,241600,10606464,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Krombopulos Michael,wonderful game you never know what traits your character will get. if you love a difficult game get this one
76561198064580796,Recommended,241600,13218320,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Chodewick,I...... can't..... stop..... playing
76561198102998604,Recommended,241600,10054739,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,rebeL,This is an awesome game to just sit down and relax
,Recommended,241600,13239024,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Bilamy,"This game is fun .. If I start the game I can't quit it, I just keep playing until it's sleep timeNever get bored with a game like this !"
76561198075324448,Recommended,241600,13442790,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Polar Ninja,"If you're into fast-paced combat platforming, RPG systems that reward skill and tactful playstyle, or rogue-type games with seemingly limitless stage layouts, Rogue Legacy is definitely for you. With plenty to explore combined with the endgame you can play until your face turns blue, the only real downfall to this astounding sidescroller is somewhat lacking enemy variety. 8.5/10"
76561197991567851,Recommended,241600,14102021,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Fixxed,"This game was a surprise...  A Fu$# awesome surprise lolThis game may look simple, but it belongs to the new genre of games, where death is only the beggining..You basicly cant complete it in a single run, you must try your best, die eventually and with that death you will upgrade your character for a better attempt, so replayability wise, this game is 105% worth it.In terms of challenge, lol you WILL be challenged, thats for sure. Plus the game doesnt really end lol, nope. You finish it and you get to play a harder version, with monster lvls scaling with yours.... yea, its tough, it scales and it allows for hours and hours of fun.Rpg, action, platformer, that will make you laugh everynow and then and get you playing for hours without an end, because when it ends, did it really?Btw, the story is really legit. It is simple enough to present the awesomeness that is this game and cool enough to make you grin and applaud at the end.10/10"
,Recommended,241600,6019160,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Mr Poopy Butthole,I hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game.
,Recommended,241600,3289994,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Ralad Shadow,"It's Castlevania meets Mega Man, but each time you die you're a new character with new skills, strengths and weaknesses. There's also a upgrade system which makes it very addicting."
,Recommended,241600,7931812,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Animus Furandi,"Rogue Legacy is quite a bit more inspired than most indie platformers, combining key elements of Metroidvania, Roguelike, and Bullet Hell games into a charming enough little package. However, a few crucial shortcomings prevent the game from living up to its potential. There's a noticeable lack of overall content that leaves your adventures in the castle feeling samey very quickly in spite of the randomly-generated layout. What's more, to say that this game is grindy is a severe understatement. Still, the core gameplay is hallmarked by tight controls and rewarding challenges, and a randomly-generated castle coupled with two New Game+ modes ensures no small amount of replayability. Rogue Legacy should be approached as an ambitious and addictive little diversion whose indiscretions can be forgiven by its solid fundamentals."
76561198044844042,Recommended,241600,12999364,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Gotti,"Rogue Legacy...at first glance this may seem like just another ""indy title"" but after the first few deaths you start to realize that this is NOT your typical indy game. Seen as a mix of Ghost and Goblins, Super Mario Bros, and Castlevania, you play as one of many heirs in your quest to conquer the castle. Each death allows your successor to continue the forward progress of leveling up different skill categories and equipping different gear to adapt to each playthrough. Each time you enter the castle the layout is different, which adds to the replayability of a game that prides itself on killing you over and over.So far i've killed 2 out of the 5 bosses and I cannot stop now...for $3 on sale i've played this game more than most in my catalog. Go get it now!!!"
76561197982415949,Recommended,241600,8332841,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,zirconpix,Very fun to play game. Will certainly keep you on it for hours!
,Recommended,241600,10736154,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Roy Flopper,Castlevania nostalgia + Random generation + Irritable Bowel Syndrome = Entertainment.
76561197999679609,Recommended,241600,11251466,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Craigtheplague,"Rogue Legacy is an extremely fun and addictive game that requires some patience.  I'll go through some bullet points on what this game is:- A metroidvania style game.  Explore a castle and its sections to accquire currency, equipment blue prints, and ability runes.- Difficulty starts high but slowly decreases as you upgrade your stats and abilities, and become more familiar with the enemies.- You will die many times playing this game.  Each death allows you to choose a new character which may be a different class and will have a new set of traits which may help, hinder, or have funny non-gameplay altering effects.- When you die, the castle changes layout so it's a new opportunity for more treasures.  You're also given the opportunity to upgrade your stats, abilities, and equipment.- The goal is to defeat the four bosses and the final boss.The controls are very good as the character doesn't feel sluggish, slippery, or unresponsive.  The only gripe I have regarding controls is that there is a slight delay between hitting the attack button and when sword strikes in front of you.  This contributes to the difficulty and requires you to time your strikes correctly.The game may be brutal but the way the castle layout changes, and the fact that you get stronger with each iteration motivates you to keep playing until you are strong and skilled enough to conquer each room and beat the bosses.  Highly recommended."
76561198051771706,Recommended,241600,7750416,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,MapleCookie,It's the perfect game when you have little time and want to have a good timebut I got a hard time to start the game but after a few runs everything is nice.
,Recommended,241600,11112200,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Tyrannosaurus Rekt,"Rogue Legacy does exactly what a roguelike needs to do.  It keeps me coming back for more, even when, occasionally, I left by throwing my laptop out the window.  It can be tough (it gets easier), but victory in games like this are massively rewarding.  The gameplay, story, and artwork are all top notch.  Beyond even that, the feel of the game is excellent.  It is paced so well and stays consistently interesting, and the ebb and flow of hard/easy parts is perfect.  As you upgrade your heroes, enemies get harder, but it is always a great give and take.  Love this game.  First game on steam that I've played until I had every possible badge."
,Recommended,241600,10617496,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Collector Of Norwegian BM Albums,"This game is really fun and addicting to play, it has the 'just one more game' feel to it. The game is challenging at first but allows you to upgrade your stats so that you can always play at your skill level. It gives you the option of rushing to the end and the option of taking your time and grinding to get past the first boss.The game is continual so that you can keep playing with tougher and tougher enemies as you complete the game more times so there is a lot of replayability involved.There are many items to collect, hidden secrets, mini-bosses, stats to upgrade/characters to unlock, strange abilities to be unlocked during play (can be a detriment) and of course - lots of gold.The game also has humourous elements which you will quickly discover when playing with a character who has vertigo.Overall I rate this game 8/10 and reccomend it for fans of random layout/rogue-lite games and 2D platformer fans."
,Recommended,241600,9660472,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Collier,Earns a strong recommendation from me. Really any game that gets me to write a review deserves a look. This game is incredibly simplistic but very satisfying at the same time.  Gameplay will challenge you at times while still unlikely to leave you at a block due to the eventual progression of perks and gear.  The game will restart but up the ante once you complete it being sure to challenge you for a long time. Definitely worth the 15$.  (Xbox controller recommended)
,Recommended,241600,10785680,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Nosstross,This game is so hard you have to continually play it for hours to get the hang of things. A must buy if you're looking for a challenge!
,Recommended,241600,10764746,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LunarJade,This game is fantastic!Both my husband and I fight over playing it. We've both finished through the game and are still playing. Even though we can identify a lot about what will happen next it often still feels fresh.
76561198025224432,Recommended,241600,10429894,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,MysticHead,"This game is a whole lot of fun. Good platforming, great procedural stuff with the option to lock it down if you want another crack a particular dungeon. the passing on various traits to the your relatives is a fun mechanic that keeps it interesting. This is on sale right now for $5 or $6 which is an unbelivable steal. Whole lot of fun for that price. If you haven't played it yet pull the trigger on it."
76561198004991590,Recommended,241600,7797935,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TheAssFever,"What a simple premise. Trudge through a random dungeon in search of loot (gold mostly) with a character with random flaws (most of which aren't a great deterent) in order to unlock new classes and enhance your abilities. Throw in Boss fights, mini bosses, and some other random challeneges and Tadaa! You have amsomeness. Easy to pick up, and great for killing hours or just minutes if you're pressed. It's funny, challenging, satisfying, and makes me swear like a sailor (more than usual). Plus it's pretty cheap! Buy it!!"
,Recommended,241600,8205122,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Nemos,"A qute rougelike-lite that allows you to pick from one of three ""descendents"" to tackle a randomly generated castle featuring four areas and four bosses and loot out the butt (in the form of shekels). When you die, you die for reals and you need to pick another descendent. There's a wall that keeps track of all of your failures so you can see how many people have died in the pursuit of a few more shekels of gold.Every descendent has random stats and abilities which range from useful (everything you hit goes flying, you're as big as a giant, you can absorb a lot of damage) to stupid (everything is reflected like in a mirror, you have IBS, you are afraid of chickens). Each character also has random magic spells provided to them. At the end of every ""run"" you spend all your shekels on upgrades which can expand the range of classes randomly available to you, provide stat upgrades, or new abilities. There's also a blacksmith and magical rune person that eat your money as well.The goal is to power yourself up to kill the four bosses in the game which reign in four separate areas (since the game is randomly generated, you can generally find them by going far enough in any direction (i.e. up, down, left, right, etc). The game is a lot like Yugioh where it's based on the heart of the cards or the luck of the draw because you never dun know what you're gonna get in each room. Can be annoyingly brootal. I think it would have been nice if they added different weapons for each class BUT HEY I AINT NO DEV."
76561198027901746,Recommended,241600,10881149,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,hanwayc85,"This game is really difficult to just start blindly, but that is also part of the fun!"
76561198076386591,Recommended,241600,10895546,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,lukaz4de123,"Amazing Game, one of my all time favourites. Unique spin on an already awesome genre of games."
76561198046030502,Recommended,241600,10751671,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Craptacular,This is like time travel but it only goes forward and you age in real time.
,Recommended,241600,10895124,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,тH ♛',Awesome game!
76561198053493930,Recommended,241600,10604839,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SNAKE_PATR10T,"A fantastically difficult and fun game. It has a lot of depth and will take many hours to finish, as the game starts off being impossible. Each time you play you earn coins, which you can spend to upgrade your character, or rather the child of your character. You then play on as the next in line until you beat all of the bosses in game. I have yet to do so!"
76561198069096309,Recommended,241600,10340984,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,12tone,"The most fun I've had with pure gameplay in years, and the ONLY game which has ever made grinding fun for me."
,Recommended,241600,7836240,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,monsieurturtle,"While the rogue-like (permadeath) system coupled with the randomizing castle can make you feel like you aren't making any progress initially, the game surprises with the gradual gains of building out your manor to unlock new classes and bonuses.The inclusion of traits adds more depth to the experience, even when the traits do nothing from a gameplay standpoint (e.g. baldness or being gay). It's kind of fulfilling in its own right to power through the castle with a lesbian dwarf ninja.The game has a good sense of humor, and there are nodding references here and there to other media (e.g. Skyrim, Naruto), and there is enough of a rhythm once you've upgraded things a bit to offset the frustration of starting from scratch every time you die (and you will die many, many times). Note that you do have the option to ""freeze"" the castle layout at a -40% gold intake penalty once you unlock the Architect.The concept is great, and the execution is clever and full of charm. I hope to see more games from this team.Notes:-Spellsword+Vampirism is a mighty combination.-The game can frustrate you by offering puzzles that are only possible if you re-equip and lock the castle layout.-Some traits that sound negative can be surprisingly useful (e.g. P.A.D., Dwarfism, O.C.D.).-It's nice to play as a gay hero (without any stereotypical humor), especially after reading the developer's comments on why they included it."
,Recommended,241600,13797792,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Buuw,This game has given me a new found fear of paintings.
76561198131904681,Recommended,241600,10375265,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,jronguitar,Rogue-lite and addictive. Pretty sweet!
,Recommended,241600,8241173,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dzikon,If you like Binding of Isaac - you will LOVE Rouge Legacy :)You cannot even get bored of constant death - because every start is different!
76561198025397587,Recommended,241600,10642188,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,megas8000,awesome. A game that will make you say just one more turn. Then its 5 am.
,Recommended,241600,9435080,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Poxni,Insanely addictive and not too frustrating for a roguelike. Held my interest more than other games I bought this past winter sale.
76561197965106859,Recommended,241600,10769111,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ZugVader,"I'll keep this short.  I absolutely love this game.  Fantastic old School platforming gameplay coupled with achievements, and a REAL sense of accomplishment as over time you are able to survive longer and explore new areas.  Works best with a gamepad."
,Recommended,241600,10842600,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,pcHang,"funny charactersfunny commentsinteresting game play.. always ""new"" its good!"
,Recommended,241600,10773498,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Pallywaly,"This game is great!  It shows that anyone can be a hero.  It is fun to experiment with different classes and traits to find which one suits you best.  The ever-changing map gives a fresh breath of gameplay each run.  The upgrades in the manor work somewhat like a talent tree in other games, yet it is completely new.  The fact that not all classes are availible at the begining makes it even more rewarding when the ""unlock ____"" appears on the manor.  The fact that Charon takes money away makes every single coin more precious.  One flaw in the game however, is that at some point it feels like you are just grinding gold.  Also, I feel that the spawn rates of the clown and the elf are a little too low.  This game is definatly worth it."
,Recommended,241600,11801252,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Oprah's Twat,"If your looking for a simple way to melt your brain for hours, look no further. Provides clean animations, well coded interactions and an all around great time. This game is a must for anyone into level grinding mixed with stunning procedurally generated rooms that make each run different everytime!"
,Recommended,241600,8339502,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,the lion thing,"Addictive, charming and fun. Like platforming and smashing monsters? This is your game."
,Recommended,241600,7796240,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Petey,Fantastic. Addictive. I kept telling myself I would take a break but I couldn't help but keep going. Castlevania roguelike with stat grinding and upgrades. It scratches many itches.
,Recommended,241600,11852321,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Jouaram,I had no internet so I didn't play this10/10
,Recommended,241600,24456180,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Polymelodic Sayon,"This game is addicting not only because the heritage system is fun and the puns WILL make you laugh- whether you want it or not- but also because there is a ton of customization options available to be unlocked. The more you unlock, the more new options you'll want to unlock next.The game starts slow and you will probably die a lot if you dont play with a controller. It will also take time to get used to the floaty jumping physics. But once you get used to it- oh boy, will you have fun with this game.Also quite entertaining when playing it with one more person. Just take turns and gloat at each other's unavoidable demise by evil floating canvas-monsters."
,Recommended,241600,8186279,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Bloody Crumpets,So hard. So fun. <3
,Recommended,241600,10423692,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Hyporcite,The game of my dreams
,Recommended,241600,13769035,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Fenix,"Really entertaining game, humorous, with a fairly good storyline.You play different heroes, paladins, assassins, barbarians, mages, shinobis and others, each with their own particularities/traits. Your hero may have dementia, alzheimers, be color blind, gigantic, dwarf, etc.. and all of these affect the game in its own way, making it funnier, harder or even easier. Unlock equipment, runes, skills and customize your hero in different ways.The game gets harder every time you beat the last boss, so the replay value is really good. Besides the bonus bosses which are quite hard to beat.*For the achievement Decidophobia:the 'Bestiality' is on top of the 'Invulnerable Time Up' on the skill tree.*The sounds of the wolves running gives me shivers every single time :s*The Sonic curse is ♥♥♥♥ed up xD"
,Recommended,241600,16744300,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Krisdager,"Rogue legacy is a fun rogue like, not like others where when you die you lose evrything. It has a steady progression system similar to darksouls but you level up after you die in the castle. Though it does take along time to get past the first boss and can get repetitive after a while its combat is simple and challenging with a wide variety of monsters to fight along with a number of mini bosses hidden in the castle. Similar to darksouls the sense of accomplishment when you have killed a boss is very nice. The highlight though is the random trait each character can have in the character selection screen which can either hinder or help in getting extra treasure this gives the game its own thing rather than being the same making this a game worth playing from time to time as long hauls are tiresome. 7/10"
76561198012374573,Recommended,241600,14725134,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Fervent,"A really good game, if you miss the old school Castlevania or Ghouls'n Ghosts, just go for it !"
,Recommended,241600,15402305,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,ALCOLYTE,Alexander the IVPrepare to rage
76561198025034675,Recommended,241600,10962017,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,dp05,"A very challenging game at first...be patient with it though because as you unlock more skills, classes, runes and equipment, it becomes more a challenge of just how well you can do against increasingly difficult enemies!  Addicting gameplay, though I will say the <SPOILER> extra challenge bosses that appear after beating the original bosses are next to impossible to actually beat.  I honestly am not sure how some people have done a couple of them </SPOILER>.  Still, the challenge of the game harkens back to the days of the NES/SNES/Genesis where you actually had to a play through a game and die numerous times before you could get the hang of it.  A refreshing experience for those tired of the ""go here, do this"" style of more modern games."
,Recommended,241600,11358715,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,{VA}Nail-O's,"I keep playing over and over again.. I just can't get enough of this brutal game. Buy it now, play. Get stuck! Its a ton of fun!"
76561198034265647,Recommended,241600,4233276,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,aufpassen ;),it's a little bit monotonous but if you like indies AND upgrades then you should buy it! specially at sale!
,Recommended,241600,14409651,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,KHCloud,"I love this game, I will be playing this A LOT on my PS Vita.Rogue Legacy reminds me of my old SNES gaming days with the likes of Ghouls n' Ghosts, epic game, but this twists it by giving your next character, your next playthrough a twist, sometimes the world around you is dark because your hero is short sighted, or everything is upside down because they suffer from severe vertigo, every playthrough is different.For anyone who likes the old side scrolling action games, this one is for you without a doubt!"
,Recommended,241600,11861601,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,RoxasKey,"The perfect combination of simplicity and hardcore. The game is easy to jump because it wont give you a million options from the start. The game gives you a great sense of progression with new character, which are all unique, and a diffeculty that ramps up with your stats. the gameplay itself start to get really hard when starting the +/++ playthroughs but it keeps the feel of the first playthrough"
,Recommended,241600,16098566,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Elazul451,its good u shud buy it
76561197961051101,Recommended,241600,9196729,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Gald,"Excellent Game! Loved it.What a Rogue game should be!The mechanics are very well polished,and the new hero system is just marvelous.It's short, but no too short xD, and very very enjoyable.Great replay value!I could not stop playing."
,Recommended,241600,11527906,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,The Oncoming Darkness,"Overview:GET. THIS. GAME. ♥♥♥♥ING. RIGHT. NOW.Details:Graphics 5/5 (for not diverging from its late-90s RPG-style)Gameplay 5/5 (it is extremely simple and enjoyable)Lasting Appeal 5/5 (more on that down there)Review:This game is an awesome Roguelike hybrid. It is a bubbling cauldron of 2-D action platformer, Roguelike, and tower defense. AND IT'S STILL GREAT! When you die (WHEN you die), you upgrade various slots on your Mansion with the gold you earned going through Castle Hamson to better various skills and attain new abilities. Then (the most interesting, unexpected, and well-blended feature I've ever seen in a Roguelike video game) you choose one of three heirs to go through the castle again, with the new skills/abilities/equipment/runes you got with the previous character[s].This game is a STEAL at $15. Get it now."
,Recommended,241600,11537810,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Tripleforce,One of my favorite games in recent times.  The Metroidvania and Rogue-like elements combined with an art style that reminded me of 16-bit SNES 2D sidescrolling action-adventure fun made for some pretty addictive gaming.  The writing and references to other video games and media loved by geeks everywhere along with the gameplay hit all the right notes and kept me coming back for more until the very end.Score - 8.5/10
,Recommended,241600,9500844,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,gunsage,"What if Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and a roguelike had a baby? Well, that baby would be monstrous, but its name would be none other than Rogue Legacy. In RL, you attempt to trudge through a randomly generated castle, collecting as much money as possible, beating back baddies, gathering up blueprints and runes, and hopefully taking out a boss or two.  The goal is to take out the four main bosses from the five different areas of the castle, then proceed to the main antechamber where you’ll fight the final bosses.Of course, you won’t survive. Neither will your child. Or your children’s children. And so on. What gives? Well see, the only way you improve is by spending money outside the castle to build up your fort and buy new equipment and runes…but once you enter the castle, you don’t leave.  Your children will take your place when you die, first starting at the fort to build stuff up, then arriving at the castle to start the journey over again anew.With all the ridiculous classes, traits, skills, equipment, and all the rest, the game constantly presents itself as an original challenge each time and is addictive as hell. If you like roguelikes, SotN, or both, you owe it to yourself to pick this up."
,Recommended,241600,8524469,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,burtlo,My brain cannot comprehend how unfair this game is ... and that's good because if it ever did I would probably stop playing. It's a deliciously unfair game that reminds me of all my faults as a game player and I enjoy it. Music and sound is sold. The art is decent for most of the levels but there are a few places that are rather ugly.I do wish that there was an easier version that essentially removed the docking of your gold each play-through. An easy mode like that would go a far way to keeping me from hating myself too much.
,Recommended,241600,3912665,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Darkshield,10/10 would die again
76561198115569961,Recommended,241600,9385442,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Mitochondria,"If you like games with rogue-like elements, you should give this game a try! I'm usually not a fan of sidescrolling adventure games, but this game is so amazing. It's always a new adventure every time you die, because when you die, you get to choose from three of your last character's offsprings, who each have their own traits and spells. Also, you can buy armor to put on your characters, AND since you have to venture through the castle, the insides of the castle are randomly generated everytime. One word describes this game. Very fun."
,Recommended,241600,8800700,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Athor,Must keep trying.. One more time!
,Recommended,241600,8475718,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dad,would put my♥♥♥♥♥♥in/10
,Recommended,241600,25270556,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,lightshow,Tight platforming action with simple controls but lots of gameplay thanks to its RPG-like leveling system and randomly-generated level layouts.
,Recommended,241600,9384668,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,derw4tz,"Adapted Bullethell at its finest.I love this creative new aproaches to roque-lite games.Must have for people that like: Bullet hell (light), platforming and randomised dungeons."
,Recommended,241600,8601657,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Beargod,"A terribly frustrating game that get's (maybe) a little easier each time. Do not expect to get very far for the first few hours.Avoid this game if:* You hate failing over and over* You are not good at platformers* You are not good at dodging missiles coming from various directionsGet this game if:* You enjoy a challenge* You know your way around a platformer* You hate yourself a littleI usually do not like games like this, as I feel I got platforming out of my system twenty years ago, but there is something about this game which is just great."
,Recommended,241600,8561915,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Ghost_Train,"So gave this game a little try.  ...a few days later I am convinced Rogue Legacy is going to be the end of me. It is so fun and addicting. I could seriously play it from the moment I wake till I can't keep my eyes open any more 1.5 days later. Something about it keeps me coming back for me. You die a lot but you keep what you were able to collect. You continue to level up and spend your earned money on new abilities, weapons, armor, etc. The levels are randomized but you are given the option to play the  same layout after a certain purchase is made....also my wife is probably going to leave me because of this. So thumbs down. Kidding...thumbs up. Definitely one of the games that I find myself wanting to play more than any of the others in my library at the momen."
,Recommended,241600,2627877,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,[nBn] Kat,"While the game starts slow (you're going to die very often and very quickly), the nature of the gameplay works to its own advantage--you can play for so long, get frustrated at dying so quickly, stop for a bit, and then come back to it later. The game itself is incredibly fun and charming, with so many little extras that make every new character feel unique and worth playing (even if sometimes your heir options suck). It definitely keeps you coming back for more, and well worth the price. Good for gamers who can't focus for very long periods of time!"
,Recommended,241600,7931827,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,VenusAdonis,"It's been a long time since I've been fully addicted to a video game. Rogue Legacy provides the perfect amount of fast-paced gameplay, challenge and variety to be an easy pick in my library. Combat is satisfying and smacks a bit of Metroidvania style. The classes are balanced, the enemies are varied and the bosses can prove fiendishly difficult until a proper strategy has been worked out. The respawn system, in which your character is endowed with traits (some useful, some not so useful) is incredibly creative and sometimes can be downright hilarious. I would highly recommend Rogue Legacy to anyone."
76561198082308896,Recommended,241600,10575875,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Stonewall Jackson,"I bought this game thinking it would just entertain me for a couple hours since it was on sale for a pretty good deal, but I actually ended up really liking it. Rogue Legacy does a really good job of creating a challenging game, but not making it so challenging to the point where you want to punch your computer screen. It can be hard starting out but once you start clearing out the castle more and beating a boss it feels so rewarding. There are so many diverse classes to choose from that all have a different take on your approach at the castle keeping the game fresh and not just doing the same thing over and over again. It is also very amusing with the different disabilities like IBS or Color blindness. If you would want a platforming beat em up rpg style game then this game would fit your needs very well and I would highly recommend it."
76561198026661686,Recommended,241600,8627777,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,XD,"When RPG and Adventure come together for a game thats extremely difficult, but yet so intriguing to play, you get Rouge Legacy. They managed to create a game that has so many amazing attributes to draw you in and wanting to keep playing. The first time i started playing i realized this won't be easy at all. However as i progressed futher and played more i understood just how the game was played out and i started to enjoy myself exponentially. Hats off to Cellar Door Games."
,Recommended,241600,2462477,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Lock Down Leo,"I wasn't sure about this game when I first got it, but I am extremely happy I did. It is a Metroidvania style roguelike. That sounds like a strange mash up, but it works very well. The game can be hard but the more you learn about it and the bigger your legacy becomes the easier it gets. If you are remotely interested in the idea of this game get it! You will not be disappointed."
76561198097529862,Recommended,241600,10774494,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Everyday Legend,"This game is deceptively addicting.  You pick it up, you don't intend on spending much time with it.  And you end up spending six hours with it per sitting.  You have to pry yourself away from the computer.In short, get it.  But be aware that you'll get hooked."
,Recommended,241600,9415853,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Baron Bloop,"This game is fun. It has some hilarious and down right stupid traits. Oh look, you got I.B.S! Have fun with all that farting. Oh look, you got Vertigo! Good luck reading ANYTHING. It's a great game and worth the price. If you're looking for a new game with some humor but still challenging, pick this game up and enjoy."
,Recommended,241600,9737814,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,- Titan λ,Harder than DS!!!
,Recommended,241600,10038909,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Bambi,"WHAT'S THAT ♥♥♥♥ING THING? A CASTLE? LET'S GO INSIDE LIKE A STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING HERO AND GET ALL KILLED UP, EH? WHEN YOU DIE, WHICH YOU ♥♥♥♥ING WILL, NO DOUBT ABOUT IT, YOU WONT EVEN RESPAWN. YOU'LL JUST GO PICK FROM THE THREE ♥♥♥♥ING KIDS YOU NEVER EVEN KNEW YOU HAD AND SEND ONE OF THOSE IDIOTS OUT INTO THAT CASTLE TO DIE LIKE THE REST OF YOUR IMBRED FAMILY. YOU HAVE TO GET PAST THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AT THE DOOR, FIRST THOUGH, BUT HE ONLY BUDGES FOR IS ALL OF YOUR  ♥♥♥♥ING GOLD. THEN THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING CASTLE IS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT AND YOU HAVE TO WANDER AROUND THIS ♥♥♥♥ING PLACE FOR THE UMTEENTH TIME JUST TO GET ENOUGH GOLD TO MAKE YOUR UGLY♥♥♥♥♥HOUSE LOOK EVEN MORE UGLY, AND YOUR WEAK LITTLE DECENDENDS LESS WEAK AND ♥♥♥♥♥FACED. THEN, IT'S INTO THAT RANDOMLY GENERATED DEATH FACTORY YET AGAIN. EVENTUALLY YOU'LL BE ABLE TO SURVIVE FOR A WHOLE ♥♥♥♥ING 5 EXTRA MINUTES. IF YOU LIKE JUMPING INTO DARK HOLES THAT ARE DIFFERENT EVERY TIME, AND RESPAWNING LIKE YOU WERE ♥♥♥♥ING BORN TO DO IT, THEN COME CUT UP SOME BADDIES IN ROGUE LEGACY."
,Recommended,241600,8526483,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SnazzyZazz,High replay value. Great pickup-and-play game.
,Recommended,241600,2571097,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,SpoonSauce,I have wasps building a nest inside my ceiling and I play this instead of calling an exterminator.
76561197998677141,Recommended,241600,10593437,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,soccerspuds15,Supa Fun!
,Recommended,241600,10083716,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Sweg,"This game is quite the difficult platformer/dungeon crawler. All the game mechanics are unique and work well, the side effects of the people in your family tree are hilarious, and overall I enjoyed playing this game. The only shortcoming is the absurd and sometimes unfair difficulty and the price. To me, this game is worth $5-8 bucks, by no means $15. My score for this game is 8.4/10"
,Recommended,241600,13049967,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,GenNyan,"9/10, Best roguelike I've ever playedI'm going to be honest right from the start; one of the main reasons I purchased this game is because of this right here.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorEver wanted to be dyslexic? Now you can!Seriously though, this game can be casual (General dungeon crawling, looting, etc) or hardcore (Each boss has a more powerful ""remixed"" form), and it is just fun to play. There is just so much for me to say about this game and I don't know where to start. The combat, the upgrades, the classes, the traits, the death (so much death), it all just comes together in a legendary game.Pros:+++ Replayabiltiy. This game has a lot of it.+++ Classes and traits that actually do stuff. Are you tired of upgrades and skills that just add % modifiers and generic bonuses? The trait system in this game actually affects gameplay in a meaningful way, whether its vertigo flipping the screen upside-down, or runes that let you fly. They also threw in generic bonuses. But ya' know.++ Satisfying kills. When you hit or kill an enemy, it'll just feel plain good.++ Remix bosses. Its like playing dark souls, if the bosses in dark souls were optional, on a 2d platformer, and had weaker forms (The actual bosses). If you're not looking for a hardcore, half-impossible experience, you can just ignore them altogether and its still an awesome game.++ Procedurally generated. Randomness is the spice of life.+ Nice music. Always good to have.+ No penalty for death. If you're like me and have biophobia (the fear of life), then you'll be golden.Cons--- The controls. Default controls for keyboard are simply terrible. There's just no way to sugarcoat it. I spent the better part of my first hour playing constantly readjusting them. BUT. But there is an option of using a controller, and many people (I haven't used one) say that it is a lot better. Don't worry too much if you don't have a controller, a keyboard worked well for me.I'm not going to tell you thateverybodyshould buy this game. If you don't like roguelikes or if you have a burning hatred of platformers, then this game isn't for you. It can be played casually or not, so it covers most people on that front. Its a hack 'n slash at heart, featuring dungeon crawling and lucrative chests. It has ""fairy chests"" which require you to complete a specific goal before they can be opened, and they contain a rune which can be applied to give your character special powers and buffs.I just realized I didn't even talk about one of the core mechanics, children. When you die, your current hero will be gone forever, but thankfully 3 of his children will be nominated to take his place. You can pick any one of them to wander off into the castle and risk their lives for treasure (Sorry, but it turns out momma did pick favorites!). These 3 children are of a random class, granted you've unlocked that class, and have 0-2 random traits. Each class differs in stats, and each has a unique ""special"" ability that can avoid damage, clear a room, etc. Traits will affect gameplay in various ways. Some are very helpful, others can be harmful, and some can be good in some situations, while terrible in others.I would keep rambling about how great this game is, but if you've made it this far in the review, then you're obviously interested in the game and should just buy it already. You know you want to."
,Recommended,241600,1570464,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Daft Gamer,"Quite easily the best game that has released this year that I've played. It's like the dev took everything that was fun in the old NES games with a dash of speccing your characters, and added in a pinch of rogue. It is completely addictive to play, and if you only have around 30 minutes, you can jump on and run through a generation or two. Just beware, time can get away from you.Edit: It was brought to my attention that not all know this so I'm throwing it out there. This game heavily relies on using a controller so if you refuse to play in any other format than KB/M, then walk away. The game is supposed to be difficult to a point but if you go in without a controller, I would consider it nigh impossible."
76561198047606947,Recommended,241600,14005270,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,TSphonia,This game is brilliant. The idea of character specific traits is wonderful. The creaters of this game made a great decision when they decided about EVERYTHING in this game.
,Recommended,241600,13952318,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,JingleBomber,Addicting like Terraria and hard but satisfying like Dark Souls.
,Recommended,241600,9240340,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,LolCam,"Fan-FREAKING-tastic.  It takes a while to get used to the game and the difficulty, but you just CANNOT STOP PLAYING, no matter what."
,Recommended,241600,13224169,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kelldroth,"Challenging, but very addictive, Rogue Legacy is a great game to hop on and play for short blocks of time.  Just beware, it can be so engrossing, you'll find you've been up playing all night! Who needs story when you have old school twitch gameplay at it's finest?  9/10"
,Recommended,241600,11442153,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Eric M Hunter,"Rogue Legacy at its core is an adventure platformer with an ever changing dungeon full of monsters, ghosts and zombies to kill. Scattered throughout are furniture that can be destroyed, chests to be opened and enemies that leave gold ripe for the taking. These can then be turned into upgrades that customize your characters to give a nice sprinkling of RPG. A fast paced, sometimes painstakingly difficult level design, brings a hopeful look at what roguelikes can be instead of a typical top-down RPG clicker.http://iamericm.com/2014/07/rogue-legacy-indie-game-review/"
76561198051404376,Recommended,241600,10911145,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Royce Silrays,It' so good that it'll make you swear like a sailor.
,Recommended,241600,11019675,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,GingerKing,9/10 good cheap easy to play game
,Recommended,241600,9613091,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Daffy,This is a game that remind you that you looked like a crack addict when you were at the arcade.  MASH HARDER!!
,Recommended,241600,8226048,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mechanically Separated Chicken,Some of the best fun I've had with a game in the last 5+ years
76561197988904236,Recommended,241600,11867441,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Broots _Waymb,"You smack your head against a brick wall. Most people would say well that hurt I shouldn't do that anymore. But no, ♥♥♥♥ that wall. That wall can't win. So you smack your head again only this time harder. then harder. Then you do it with a fancy hat on. Then you get a metal helmet. then finally after hours and hours you have broken down that wall. You have no teeth, and your face is completely unrecognizable, but you did it. What is your great reward for finally breaking down this brick wall? A steel wall. Now do it again."
,Recommended,241600,12134581,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Ronnie Reagan's Space Lasers,"At first, I only bought this game because i liked the art style, but now, after beating the main story, I absolutely love this game.To start, the whole concept of ""no two castles are the same"" is done very well, with defferent rooms challenging different classes, plus there being secrets for characters with specific traits. The enimies are varied and intersting, esepcially the mini-bosses, even though at the beginning, you won't last very long. If you continue playing though, your skills will increase, as well as your armour, runes and stats. The 4 main bosses of each area are fun and are diffuclt, being extremley hard to beat them on your first time ( except the 4th boss, he is too weak to be the 4th area boss.) The controls are very good, with all the key assingments feeling natural. The finally thing is that the music in Rogue Legacy is some of the finest indie music I've heard. Overall, If you are a fan of Metroid, or the Metroid-Vanias, or are looking for a great indie game, this is the game for you. Also, on a side note, my longest living character was a midget, bald, assaisan."
76561198000683382,Recommended,241600,10731944,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Snyx,"Great game , it will worth your money try to buy it in steam sales !"
76561198046167133,Recommended,241600,8217964,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,2RamSam,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! I've never been so into a game like this before, it had just enough challenge throughout the whole first playthrough, but the only downside is that afterwords in the second playthrough, stuff seems a bit easier. This kinda ruins the whole second playthrough for me. But other than that, this game is completly worth it's full price."
,Recommended,241600,8860953,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,ServoIIV,"I just keep coming back to this game.  Rogue Legacy is a game that can be enjoyed in small pieces but it takes a long time to master.  I love getting a little bit better every time I play.  The basic mechanic is that every time you die you start over as a new character, but any upgrades you've purchased persist.  I still have only beaten the first two bosses after 26 hours, but the randomly generated dungeons have stayed fresh and interesting.  I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,241600,9405969,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Asaladin,Santa flew by in the background!10/10
76561198068820137,Recommended,241600,9647888,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Luscious Cheetoh,This game is the zizzle for rizzle
,Recommended,241600,10999785,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,LooseCanaan,"The Dark Souls of rogue-like, 2-D platformers. This game has a very steep learning curve, and every death is just a learning experience. Eventually, you'll upgrade your equipment and manor to a point where you'll think the game is easy, but when you're first starting out... just be patient."
,Recommended,241600,1561632,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,SamuraiSTALIN,Ghouls 'n Goblins mixed with Castlevania with RPG elements and near-perfect platform combat mechanics? What else could you want in an old-school style platformer?
,Recommended,241600,19910260,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Leviathann,"You can think this can be repetitive, but no!Because everytime you are born different.And is fun! Damn, the game is fun.Awesome OST, by the way."
76561197987733274,Recommended,241600,14945510,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,alexsamuraiuuu,"A fantastic and thought out game. Definitely aimed at the action rpg fan with lots of elements to unlock. Very much in line with Dark Souls if I were to draw a comparison; deaths should not be seen as something negative, it is a learning experience which I absolutely love about this game. You will feel challenged and progress tastes delicious once you get a hang of the mechanics. I highly recommend this game, hands down . This is a bundle of enormous replay value that is very responsive and with very clever dialog!"
,Recommended,241600,1023321,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Shedding,"I thought it was a big stupid at first.. But wait?!  the more you go in, the more you die, the stronger you become.  It is really growing on me! GG"
76561198224066752,Recommended,241600,21484468,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,luke_runcie,great game good fun if you have losts of spere time but great fun
,Recommended,241600,3669596,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Travanoid,"A flawed yet addicting rogue-like platformer. This game is a ton of fun and will probably keep you hooked for a decent amount of time, but in separating the RPG elements of the game from the gameplay, it misses out on some potential. A very solid platformer, with light RPG elements and some decent humor. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,241600,17082106,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Hexair,"i realy like this game because all the unique featuresplay as multiple classes and raid a forever changeing castle and each person you play as is an decendent of the preveus characters you played each has diffrent traits such as dawrfism, dislexia, bald, the one, ect."
,Recommended,241600,20160778,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Pie,"The game is pretty engaging, but it gets repetitive over time and comes down to ""farm to buy upgrades to farm to buy upgrades..."","
,Recommended,241600,21500504,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Lovimoo,a nice game whare you die a lot for just killing another rogue...... AMZING!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,241600,8225948,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dio Brando,Demonicly hard but a lot of fun to play!
76561198049346621,Recommended,241600,8472166,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Oenameus,Fun time killer.  Tight controls married to interesting implentation of a rogue-like system.  Features several different characters to sate any type of player.
76561198097725522,Recommended,241600,15752561,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,data30001,Dont mess with Secret Boss !This Game is Perfect For rogue-like Pro-gamer10/10
76561198027130773,Recommended,241600,10890549,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DemionBlack,Awsome.... Just awsome :)
76561197998825270,Recommended,241600,8836313,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,The Dorf,"Another game oozing with really smart game design, Rogue Legacy is probably what you’d get if you crossed Castlevania with a “bullet hell” game like Ghouls N’ Ghosts. Like Castlevania, the main objective of Rogue Legacy is to explore a castle and defeat several bosses within it.But what sets Rogue Legacy apart and makes it really fun and interesting is that, when you die - and you will die a lot - you get to choose between 1 of 3 children of the character you were just playing to avenge their parent and explore the castle. Each child may have genetic abnormalities or traits that make the game play differently each time. Some will directly affect gameplay, while others are just for flavor. For example, you may have a child who’s a midget. They’ll have a smaller hitbox and be able to go through small openings, but they may also take more knockback. Or you might have a child who’s colorblind. Then the game is played in black and white until you die again. And each time you die, the layout of the castle is randomly rearranged, so it’s kind of like playing a brand new game each time. You’re also free to swap out skills and equipment to experiment with different playstyles if you’re stuck on a boss. Really cool stuff. On top of that, you’ll inherit your items from your parent when they die, but the game makes you spend the money you inherit on upgrading new items or skills before you reenter the castle. So each time you die, there’s a kind of moment where you think “Crap I died…But now I get to choose a new character and upgrade their items and skills!” A neat mechanic because it makes you never feel overly frustrated when you die. Which is good, because this game is hard. And you’ll die. A lot.I can’t really think of too many negative criticisms of this game, it’s very solid and well designed. Again, not too pretty to look at, but that doesn’t matter to me for a game like this. Maybe the soundtrack was a bit unremarkable, but that’s nitpicking. Check out Rogue Legacy if you can handle a challenge.For more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
,Recommended,241600,20694137,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,AlexIsBor3d,"Not much to say... Dificult, but fun6/10"
,Recommended,241600,8523149,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,xyexz,"This game is simply amazing, from the crazy effects from ""disabilities"" of your character to the random dungeon generation you will not be disappointed with this game - endless replay ability."
76561198121128067,Recommended,241600,10495025,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Q except not cause spoilers.,"This is one of the best games I have ever played its fun, the only problem is that i am nearing the end of the game (2nd playthrough) and I relise how are they going to make it replayable after this."
76561198025722913,Recommended,241600,10742856,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Noshyre,"2 adictive, almost wish i didn't rushed it."
,Recommended,241600,2257554,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,VeTaL,Really great one! Much better than i even expected :)
,Recommended,241600,12932085,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SneakySalmon,SO GOOD!!!! Would suggest to anyone!
,Recommended,241600,10747496,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ghost Shark,"In Rogue Legacy you play a lineage of disappointments doomed to fail. A powerful warlock has cursed your bloodline to traverse a labyrinth-like castle of shifting rooms until you can afford to rehire Daedalus to stop the mile-high walls from shifting. There is no end in sight, as even if you clear the castle, you're forced to keep going. Sometimes the Carnival of Horrors comes to town and the games offered are just throwing sharp objects. Earn your keep, squib."
,Not Recommended,241600,14583106,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,2157/3000 CASES 49/100 GRAFFITI,Honestly this game was quite dissapointing for me as it did'nt live up to what people said it was as the powers were very simple and so were some of the enemys. (note this is just my oppinion) 3/10
,Recommended,241600,19375413,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,WWEED,This games gud
,Recommended,241600,4993227,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,DJ Explosive,It's like Skyrim...WITH GUNS.
,Recommended,241600,11543491,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Count_Hong,"A friend got me totally hooked on this game. I'm a sucker for platformers, and this one is definitley at the top of my list. Check out my video review below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ncs5YGwp7J4&index=2&list=PLdJR9VtKIPWDGZXJZrl-Lfx_8uKCR0G3t"
76561197995599462,Recommended,241600,11543673,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Sparky,"So addictive! Death after death, I can't wait to plunge deep into the shifting castle rooms again. Challenging, but not unfair. The trait system is a clever, funny, and engaging twist. Highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,241600,11551854,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Spaguetti,"At first, I didn't like this game much, because of the weird controls and the fact that my first child died in like 1 minute. But when I defeated the first boss, this game became increasingly addictive! I'm not even a 2D platformer kinda of gamer (but I like roguelike games) and I enjoyed this game big time.Beware of Ponce de Leon! That one took a lot of my time to beat :D"
,Recommended,241600,8912277,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,sheehanje,"After years of playing overly involved games like EVE-Online, Elder Scrolls series games and other assorted RPG's, I've decided that maybe my gaming was taking up too much of my time and decided to go with games that can get me a quick fix then I can move on with my life.Damn you Rouge Legacy, damn you.  Yes, it does fit the quick fix.   But it's like smoke crack.  Just one more time!  I promise..   I used to curse Eve Online for the sheer planning and time consumed carrying out mundane things like putting up a player owned station...  Now I'm cursing Rouge Legacy because there comparitively little planning involved, yet it still consumes too much of my time.  It's a stupid platformer.  I hate it.  But I can't stop playing it.  So I am highly recommending this game to everyone but my children because misery loves company.On a more serious note --  this is a great little ""rouge-like"".  The controls aren't exactly tight as some other reviews will lead you to believe - they are however twich based and Castlevania styled.  The gimmick of having heirs works suprisingly well.  My biggest gripe is not having Steam Cloud support - just lost a hard drive - and while I was mirroring a large portion of my data, my save games didn't make it.I would recommend buying this game when it is on sale.  As much as I like it, $14.99 is asking a lot for what amounts to an arcade game."
76561197998220889,Recommended,241600,8207108,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,msdin2002,This game actively hates you and yet somehow remains fun.
,Recommended,241600,8218680,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,LabRatGR,Rogue Legacy is both fun and challenging. The fact that the castle changes every time you enter makes sure that you never get bored and always find something new. The different traits of all the characters is also both fun and enginious. Highly addictive.
76561198082298530,Recommended,241600,7004300,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Nasty Crimeboy,"imagine wii sports mixed with a battlefield 3 but with a pinch of pokemon, the game i'm taking about is monopoly. once i left a sandwich under my bed for days and when i ate it i got aids but it was worth. momma once told me i kneeded to go out more so i  bought some crack and ate it but it wasnt as good as that sandwich and then i got beat by the powder gangers"
,Recommended,241600,13651720,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Graham Crackers,"Charming and simple, yet refreshing and addicting. Good buy for anyone who is getting bored of the same old games they already have. It's been eating up a lot of my time lately, and I can see many more hours being logged by future me. It's not without its fair share of downsides, but it is hard not to enjoy this one. If you see it on sale, grab it for sure."
,Recommended,241600,8837733,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,"dr. slit juice, MD",At first I didn't get what the hubbub was about. Now I feel like a damn idiot. So god damn fun and replayable.
,Recommended,241600,8356243,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Maxmaps,"Dying this many times should not be fun, but it is."
,Recommended,241600,8639016,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Valya (っ◔◡◔)っ ♥,"Very entertaining, lots of fun. If you don't grind too much it's even quite challenging."
76561198002871746,Recommended,241600,7936701,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,xWhackoJacko,"Challenging and satisfying. Think Dark Souls on a smaller scale. You'll suck at it for a while, and you'll definitely get frustrated - but once it clicks, you'll love it."
,Recommended,241600,8513376,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Smooshieus,"I love this game! Normally, I'm not such a huge fan of these insanely difficult ""roguelikes"" but this one really gets it right. Sure, it's hard as hell and you'll die a gazillion times, but the cool part is that you get to keep the rewards of every attempt, slowly making it easier for yourself as you also get the hang of it. That combination makes it rewarding to try over and over, just to test out newly unlocked skills, new items, better armor, or a new type of character. It balances its punishing difficulty with rewards, humor and the fact that it really captures the responsive, old-school platformer feeling.It's truly fun to try running in as a giant, but near-sighted ninja with some extra-buff armor slapped on and then, once you inevitably die, go in as a high-hitpoint barbarian lady with dwarfism, wearing health-stealing vampiric runes and armor who curses every time she's hit. It's a blast to play and I highly recommend picking it up on sale!"
,Recommended,241600,8724083,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Minty,I can roleplay as a gay dwarf. 10/10
76561198025294187,Recommended,241600,8337261,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,MrGuanYu,"This game puts a very comical spin on permadeath. It's a 2D sidescroller that has very polished graphics, an interesting backdrop, good audio, tons of replayability and loads of fun.You play a knight that is trying to get through the castle to avenge the king. When you die that character is gone however you get to choose between three of your children to succeed you. There is a mix of classes that you have available to you however there is a catch. Most of your children will have a ""trait"" or two that can range anywhere from dementia, far-sighted, ADHD, to being color blind. That adds a quirkiness and charm to the game that makes it unique.When you die however you retain the gold that you collected during your last character's life and use that to purchase upgrades making it easier for those that come after. The catch here is that when you enter the castle again you forfeit your gold to the keeper of the castle gates: Charon. (Later on you can research keeping a percentage of your gold that you can add to the next playthrough and spend on upgrades).Overall a quirky game that is full of polish, replayability and fun.Definite recommendation."
76561198041046230,Recommended,241600,4714654,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,AGENT CHODY BANKS,really fun once you start making progress. can be very hard. be prepared to get ♥♥♥♥ed left and right every few seconds.
76561197992996754,Recommended,241600,7799420,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,vincevale,awesome game definite rouge class one you will die and die then die some more but maby youll live long enough to get some upgrades to the manor or new equipment and runes i got absorbed into it for over a week strait not doing much elese and finaly beat the final boss and started a new legacy+ now im up to new  +++ and its goten hard to live for long but have had a blast the whole way frustrations at stupid mistakes and why why did that happen moments
,Recommended,241600,7795694,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ascend,"""Rogue Legacy rewarded my patience and tenacity; that's a lesson any developer can take from its twisted family tree."" 9/10--Polygon"
,Recommended,241600,7743140,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Leonard L. Church,"Loads of content and even when you complete the game, you STILL have more stuff to unlock."
,Recommended,241600,7325761,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,bos potrock,"An amazingly fun game that brings back the feeling of nostalgia and rage enduced violence, at the same time.  Oh, and there's perma-death."
,Recommended,241600,7199713,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Q3ddz,"This is an amazing game. The level changes everytime you die, and when you DO die, you get to choose from 3(!) diffrent offspringes with diffrent and unique abilities like (but not limited to): Gay(Homo-pride!), Baldness, Heaviness (Big word, can't spell) Stereo-Blind (Sees in 2-D), Color-Blind, etc. You should get it. PLUS IT'S ONLY  15 DOLLARS! :D"
,Recommended,241600,9505419,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Josh is Bae,"I have never been this addicted to a game. It is unfair, cheap, hard, and the funnest $15 you will spend. It had endless gameplay up to an extent and is very fun to play for either short or long peroids of time. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,241600,9600238,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Xibalba,It good
76561197963404326,Recommended,241600,10718523,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,blackberet,"Do not pass this up. Not buying it when it's on offer for $5 or less on a sale is an outright tragedy, I weep for your loss."
76561198043878646,Recommended,241600,7819587,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Boorego,"Wow, they are combining rouge-likes with everything these days! This is the platformer-rouge-like! If you like castlevainia and you like rouge-likes, get this game!"
,Recommended,241600,7803468,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Snippy,Great Game! Enjoyed It Alot. Nice and Challenging and it feels fresh every run!
,Recommended,241600,7493977,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Nicfromspace,"If you'd like a game that will make you want to forget it with alcohol, this is your game."
,Recommended,241600,8250096,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dear Great Holy Leader,Fantastic. Like a harder 2d dark souls. Real hard to stop plaing once you start. GET IT ON THE SALE!
76561198014933683,Recommended,241600,11093538,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Doopers,Wow
,Recommended,241600,11355568,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Crumpson,A very challenging game not for the easily frustrated. This is how a 2D platformer is supposed to be. This is one of my favorite games on the Steam store and I don't say that about many games. Definitely recommended!
,Recommended,241600,3607139,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Spookster,"If you like somewhat difficult games, leveling up various things, and a Castlevania-ish feel, you should probably check this out. This game has a lot going for it and has some pretty unique mechanics. Most importantly, the controls are pretty much perfect for this kind of game."
,Recommended,241600,13509404,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jeremy Pines,*starts game**dies*10/10
76561197963549065,Recommended,241600,11184629,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Dynamic Man,"I came for the farting dwarves, I stayed for the incredibly addicting gameplay.What I think you should know:* The controls are great, at least using a controller. (I haven't tried it with keyboard and mouse, 2D sidescrollers aren't really built for that I think.)* The level progression is pretty much perfectly balanced. You will level up after more or less every run, just enough to make you notice the difference but not so much that it gets too easy.* The rooms are reoccuring, so you get to recognise most of them and learn how to best handle them. But they may contain different enemies at different times, and the order in which you find them are procedurally generated.* You will probably want to grind some levels at some point, having trouble with a boss or something. But it rarely, if ever, feels like grinding. The different classes, spells, and special traits helps keep things interesting, especially combined with the fact that you will earn levels fairly quickly. (In the later stages of the game I usually earned 3-5 levels per run.)* You might think it is too hard during the first 30-60 minutes or so, especially if you happen to run into the most challening rooms from the start. But then you start learning the controls and how enemies move, and you start leveling up, and then it is just great and addictive fun!* I bought this on sale, along with like 50 other games or something. I haven't even tried the other games yet - I just could not stop playing this one. I almost wish I had paid full price, just to support the creators.* When I'm writing this, nearly 10% of all Rogue Legacy-players have the achievement for completing the game - twice. That should say something about something, I guess. :)"
76561198104043902,Recommended,241600,13760685,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kym Precision,Can't go 10 seconds without dying.10 seconds/10
,Recommended,241600,4148580,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,TheSlorg,"Quite a bit of fun. I've put in over 20 hours and still have yet to clear the second of four castle sections. Very reminiscient of the old sidescrolling Castlevania games, and the child/trait mechanics keep things interesting."
,Recommended,241600,7597289,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Alex Ravioli,It is your legacy to buy this game
,Recommended,241600,13667912,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Killbot 2.0,"Fantastic! Fast Paced and incredibly addictive gameplay.  Every run of the castle helps you progress little by little. The game is difficult and challenging without feeling cheap.  It's more merciful ""Rogue-Lite"" is great way to break people into the Rogue-Like genre."
,Recommended,241600,10572035,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ghostly {WfPk},"The controls feel clunky and awkward, but other than that I can't fault the game for much else. It has a great soundtrack, decent difficulty curve, and the random character choice at each death is a nice touch. In the end though it's all about grinding out gold to max level your dude, and there's no true challenge after that. Worth picking up if on sale for sure, I recommend using a controller as well."
,Recommended,241600,13721532,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,High Alch Profit Calc,"I love this game to the core , and I'm not a fan of rogue like games usually!The main mechanic of this game is collecting money from different castles everytime.You also have the feature of random different classes and traits which makes for consistently fun gameplay.You also have many upgrades and gear combinations as well as runes to give you extra abilities to change up everything very quickly, Ive clogged quite alot of time into this game and can say that it was completely worth it , almost completing the harder new game+.The factor that you are always growing in strength due to upgrades and gear from the money that you find constantly leaves you with a ""Just one more game"" feel as you will want to try your upgrades , but then you end up getting enough for another one and you just want to keep playing.One of the best Rogue-Like games Ive played!"
76561198111533687,Recommended,241600,13863082,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Sedax,"I don't write reviews often, but this game completely stole my heart. Not only does it take me back to the old retro game style with the NES and SNES, but concept of each run being randomly generated, and the progression of slowly building your stats and taking out rooms that would wipe the floor with you a few characters back keeps you coming back for more. Extremely addicting game with multiple hours of gameplay. Even after completing the first run though, I still feel like there's much more left to do."
,Recommended,241600,14875036,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mr. Tiggywinkle,This is indeed a good game.
76561197971520590,Recommended,241600,14891718,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,DyausPitar,"I enjoyed this game quite a bit. The credits have rolled, and now it's time to move on."
,Recommended,241600,10721873,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,.nTs^ qpop,"This game is rock and roll.  Love the humor and the leveling, a roguelike with persistent progression.  Tons of fun, will always be thinking ""just one more run..."""
,Recommended,241600,506132,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Merlin the Tuna,"Like Castlevania, but you die a lot. Maddeningly addictive."
,Recommended,241600,2215067,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,DarkQuill,"Holy crap. This game is amazing.Plays like an old Castlevania sidescroller, but none of the ridiculous backtracking or item management like SOTN has. The visuals are well-designed and easy to see at a glance, the sounds are fantastic, the music is phenominal, and the gameplay is both challenging and very addicting. While it would be nice to have more than four areas to explore, and maybe even more enemies with additional diversity, the game ""continues"" after ending many many times, giving a near-unlimited journey of awesome.It's also cheap, so buy it.DO EET NAO. DANA JUMP, DADDY WILL CATCH YOU! GET TO DA CHOPPAH! BRING DA TOY BACK TO DA CARPET! GIVE ME THE GOD-DAMN PAGE!"
76561198018537483,Recommended,241600,3173006,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Pure Anger,"I just finished the game and I have to say it is one of the better indie games i have played. It requires skill to be able to get anywhere although you can achieve most things by grinding gold to upgrade everything.The game is playes in 2d, castlevania like way. You get a sword and a random magic power as well as a uniqe class power to help you out in combat.The game offers NG+, you can use everything you upgraded in your playthorugh in the next much harder playthorugh.In the start of of every game you have you play as a an heir to your last character with random traits. This traits might not have much to say in your game or they might be an advantage or a disadvantage, many of the traits are quite funny but annoying at the same time. Other than the traits, the 3 heirs you may play as have different classes like the barbarian, knight and mage and more which is also entirely random forcing you to play as everything every once in a while.Rouge Legacy is a rougelike, which makes every playthrough of the castle different from the last time you where there. However, you can lock the previous castle down by talking to an architect, and he will do it for you for a quite heavy price, but this is exellent for defeating the many hard bosses in the game.The game is recommended to everyone who likes rougelikes and likes the challenges of this types of games.At least check it out on youtube and get a feel for the gameplayEdit(new update):New additions to such a great game is always great, the new bosses required som skills in the game and a lot of replays to be able to beat, the new class is also a nice addition to the game."
,Recommended,241600,401941,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Dr. Fortyseven,"One of the most painfully addictive platformers I've ever played.  The layout is randomly generated each generation, so no two castles are built quite the same way.  Though, really, that's a *bit* dishonest: the castle rooms are generated from prefab modules, so things make a bit of sense, in terms of layout for each room.  But there's hundreds of different kinds of rooms.  In fact, I kept noticing new layouts even after my fourth time beating the game.And that's the other thing -- each time you beat the game, it gets much harder than before.  Once you think you've mastered it, you're in for a bit of humbling as you begin the game again.  But ,as you advance your skills, upgrade your descendants, and learn how to deal with the newer versions of the enemies, you'll eventually win out.I'm on ""New Game Plus #4"" right now... and I intended to beat it at least one more time.If you have any love for high precision platformers, this is a dead simple buy.  It's frustrating, downright evil, and thoroughly enjoyable, polished game that deserves much more exposure than it currently has.Leave the keyboard at home, though, guys.  No matter what you may think: a gamepad is absolutely essential if you realistically hope to finish this.  (And you will want to!)*****"
,Recommended,241600,668433,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,╰_╯ ⎛⎝ Kain ⎠⎞  ╰_╯,KAUFEN KAUFEN KAUFEN
76561198102364593,Recommended,241600,10894151,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Darth Philius,Rogue Legacy is a masterpiece of a game that perfectly balances difficulty and incremental rewards to keep you coming back for try after try. This game is truly addictive.
76561198042303682,Recommended,241600,4834812,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Basherzz,"Highly Recommended. Extremely addictive, fun and cheap. One of my favourite games on steam. Also has a ""just one more go"" type feel to it."
,Recommended,241600,7874296,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,mamma mia,"I love these kind of games where you restart when you die. If you do, you'll love this. It's awesome combining long term effects with that style of game."
,Recommended,241600,8280224,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,SomewhatUnorthodox,"An amazing game. A really great game to just continuously play. It is so simple and amazing, building the castle and gaining gold is so rewarding. Unlocking all these new characters WOW. Just finished most of my castle but I have barely done much progression in the game, there is just so much to do to be honest. From collecting runes and recipes, to trying to kill bosses over and over again, it keeps bringing me back for more. 10/10"
,Recommended,241600,8679876,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,JiNg,"If you start this game, you will die!Many times... Many many times!Rogue Legacy is a game which you can play for hours and after making a pause ask yourself: Did I achieve anything?It's a hard random generated 2D Hack-and-Slay game, where the fun is to get better in it every time you play!It's thecombination of ""Binding of Isaac"" and ""Castlevenia"".Ok... In my opinion: Much MUCH Harder! But the Fun is worth it!One advice for everyone who will play becoming desperate:Make a pause and play it the next day ;-) Skill comes with time!It's only a game: So enjoy and don't destroy!"
,Recommended,241600,7857797,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,vmengasor,its fun
,Recommended,241600,8052055,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Mayor McNasty,"This game makes me want to rip my hair out, pour gasoline all over my face and light my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on fire.But, i always seem to boot it back up and play it all over again.It's awesome and you can play it in linux too, buy it dude."
76561198040443952,Recommended,241600,4658141,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,MARIOtheMINOTAUR,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! This game is an awesome, addicting, awesome game. Yes, it's that awesome I said it twice. It is very challenging, but once you get the hang of it you will be so proud of yourself! This game is worth every penny! :D"
,Recommended,241600,10876476,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Deuce Caboose,"This game is fun. It combines really punishing platforming, RPG elements, and randomly generating levels to create a rewarding and fast paced game. Also, every time the protagonist dies, you get to play as the hero's daughter or son, and you continue to go down the family tree, each child having some kind of deformity. It's funny, and I always like to play as a midget when I can."
76561198105814577,Recommended,241600,10628478,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Loli Lover,This game is very challenging but worth it when you come back to life as your last charachters son and come back with a weird set of disabilities.
,Recommended,241600,8472838,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,CoolCorps,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,241600,9188990,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,tabbykattene,"This is the game for people who like dying both in and out of game.Right off the bat I have to say that this is my current favorite game. Yeah I've played others more, but have I talked about them to the extent that it nearly cost me one friend and the ones who are slightly more tolerant are still rolling their eyes? No. I am almost willing to bet that I have a bounty on my head. ""Kill this person!"" someone has said. ""They won't stop talking about this game!""To make things crazier, the thing I'm willing to risk my own life for also involves a cuss-ton of death. I've literally gotten an achievement for dying so much.  The fact that you will die is a given; the biggest draw of the game is in the very title. This is a story about your legacy. Your lineage. Yes, you have to start at the beginning of the game when you die (albeit with much more power and better items and stuff). But maybe this time your kid will have some cussing useful traits, like not having a pulse in their feet, or a really awesome memory. Of course, they could also have any number of vision problems (which will cuss with you like you won't believe), or maybe they'll be upside down for their entire life. With a good hero, you'll be rooting for them not to die. A bad one practically has you throwing them in front of the monsters.While the ""rogue-lite"" setup is draw in and of itself, I found myself sticking around for the awful (and by awful I mean hilarious) humor. References abound. Naruto, Skyrim, an internet meme or two. References aren't your thing? The characters you'll come across are among the most sarcastic you'll meet in gaming. None are afraid to openly mock you for being very, very awful at Rogue Legacy. Even the training dummy joins in: ""Dost thou even hoist?"" he sneers. If sarcasm is also not your thing, it's easy to be delighted by the random things you'll find in your exploration of the dungeons in this game. Jukeboxes, random carnival games, and for those who just literally have no sense of humor, the pieces of a (mostly) serious journal that tell a grim tale when read together.I recommend this to anyone with a lot of time to spare (you'll need it), a mountain of patience, and a love of platformers. A controller is optional (the keyboard controls work well, and some even say they work better, though I disagree). Thinking price-wise, I got this on sale, but would have paid the full price if I knew how much fun I was going to have playing it. The only complaint that I can even vaguely form is that there is no multiplayer/co-op. This is probably a good thing, because if there was I would likely force my friends to play it with me and then they'd hate me even more than they already do.I'm not saying you should get this game, but you should definitely get this game."
,Recommended,241600,11099222,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,amaccarone_77,"I raged to the point where I ripped my balls off.Just warning you.But overall, great game, you will have lots of fun."
76561198027435960,Recommended,241600,14630781,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Rowdy Cloudy,"Like wheel of fortune, but every spin includes a small sum of progress and an under paid disgruntled dominatrix whipping your♥♥♥♥♥with a chain that is assumed to be a metaphor for ""a good time."" Somewhere between the safety word and the gleam of accomplishment you find a formula for repetative gameplay that questions your moral sense of worth.A game engaged only through its desire to enrage you through platrorming tomfoolery.Edit:Then again.... it was fun as hell. Who's the fool now Cloudy, who's the fool now......?"
,Recommended,241600,11026327,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Big H,"This game I would say is enjoyable. The dungeon is fun and it has a good 20 hours or so in it, a good playtime for what you're paying. However the game may seem like it has much replay value, it does but to a certain point, the one dungeon which constantly changes shifting through the preset rooms becomes repetitive. It's good for a quick blast but can't be played forever."
76561198064788118,Recommended,241600,15665677,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Watermelon,A great rogue-lite which needs skill and patience. Also it's also strangelyaddictive and fun to play.
,Recommended,241600,11175997,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Mista Simple,Got hit by a chicken and died. 10/10 Would do it all over again.
76561198065372814,Recommended,241600,13912263,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Durendel,"Played for 4 hours, went to sleep hating this game.Came back and got better.200~ babies and 17 hours later I feel pretty good.10/10 Didn't need to restart game after changing resolution."
76561198067679184,Recommended,241600,13858143,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,cesar0094,Awesome game. You keep playing wanting more gold to buy more stuff and you just can't stop D:
76561198041981132,Recommended,241600,13486237,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ampharblox,"This game is fantastic, offering immense replayability and all sorts of RNG filled funtimes. The soundtrack is fantastic, the movement is spot on and the runes/armour upgrades are rewarding. The only downside, for me, is the lackof enemy variety. A lot of them look nearly identical and some enemies can feel a bit cheap. Overall, a fantastic rogue like."
76561197986527965,Recommended,241600,13206602,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dasbooby,Awesome game.  You're just wasting time not playing this.
,Recommended,241600,11233403,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,SEKTORX TV,This game is incredibly delivere. Love all the enemies and the way in which you need to evolve and build your character continually gives hours upon hours of fun - highly recommende for a superb pick up and play game.Full xbox controller support.
76561198001280274,Recommended,241600,10744941,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,I'mMike,Good one.
,Recommended,241600,16496281,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,skrub,"If you like The Binding of Isaac, you will probably like this game too. It's a game where you have to enter a castle and kill bosses, do challenges, fight enemies and more. There are more environments to go to like a forest, the sky and I think the other one is hell.It's an RPG, so it has skilltrees and a shop in which you can buy better swords, armour and upgrades like double jump.When you die, its all over for the character you play as. You play as a new character. It gives you a choice of 3 everytime, and they are different all the time. One may be dyslexic, blind, have a spike ball and is really giant and doesn't do a lot of damage. Another may be small and does loads of damage, extra crit hit damage, old fashioned, there are just loads of different variations.It can also get very repetive and can easily get you bored if you play for a couple of hours straight.I wouldn't recommend this game at full price, so try and get it in a sale which is 50% off or more.I give it a 7/10"
76561198025174989,Recommended,241600,16431839,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Various Drugs,"This game is like BDSM, you keep taking the hits and acting all hurt but you love it deep down. 10/10"
,Recommended,241600,16457921,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Schlangus,This gameREALLYpushes you to become stronger and stronger. It's a LOT of fun.
,Recommended,241600,17571224,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Louis Wain's Cat,10 Irritable bowel syndromes out of 10
,Recommended,241600,16342268,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,the egocentric police dick,You can be a gay woman with a beard10/10
,Recommended,241600,464469,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,srsface,"This game is great, but don't get it if you don't have a controller because it's impossible to play it properly with just a keyboard.That said, it's my favorite procedurally generated game in recent memory. Think Castlevania: The Roguelike. It's also possible to progress in the game if you're bad at games, which I like to think as a plus. It's not EASY, but it gets easier as you scale into the game which is what all games should aspire to, I think."
,Recommended,241600,19706476,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Tenshi,Rogue Legacy...The whiskey of video games.
76561198049562208,Recommended,241600,18705832,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Adi,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is amaze balls! =D
,Recommended,241600,19155931,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Starlet,10/10
,Recommended,241600,19331082,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Dark Knight,Very good game :)
76561198071219617,Recommended,241600,19444774,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GYMMER,"THis game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard, which is good"
,Recommended,241600,9409287,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,The Whispering Shadow,"Rogue Legacy is a rougelike game made by Celler Door Games, who also made Don't **** your pants and Tribal Tallies. So you're thinking this won't be a great game based of their previous games. It isn't. Rogue Legacy brings in some very unique gameplay that makes it fun and enjoyable. You play as a hero with a class as they enter the castle looting and killing baddies until they die. They will be remembered by how well you played in the castle and each time you die, your descendants will continue where you left off, or at least do better than you did. And sometimes they can have good or bad traits depending on what the RNG gives you. But each time you enter the castle. You have to pay a fee with Cheron before you can enter and each time you enter, the castle will randomize itself, so you always expect different results each time (unless you use the architect to keep the castle the way it is).There are RPG elements added in the game to beef off your heroes. Such as increasing stats and gaining new classes and abilities in the manor. You can also gain runes and blueprints for equipment in the castle for your son/daughter to wield the next time they enter, some giving them unique abilities when equip. There's also a training dummy to see how strong your attacks are. Sometimes there will be fairy chest challenges that will be needed to be done before you can obtain the runes and later stats upgrade once you obtained all the runes. Some are nearly impossible to do and others are really simple if you have the right tools or you know what you are doing. There are minibosses you can fight too for bluepritns and stats upgrade too that appear rarely. So it's worth it to fight them if you have enough health to withstand their attacks.The story is simple. The tutorials give you a hint on what happened before you entered the castle with your heroes and later near the end explains what happens. It may not be heavily story based, but the story seems to work well with the game.There are also minigames you can play too, such as carnival games and pick the right chest to gain profits or lose it all. They are hard, but with the right tools and strageties, you can earn some neat stuff.There are negative stuff to be had too. One, this game is really frustrating. Expect to die alot from careless mistakes or not being lucky enough. It even sucks when the characters you choose will have really bad traits and can't trade them in (until you get a upgrade that allows you to reroll your children). And second, it's a grindfest. If you want to beat bosses and enemies and last longer in the castle, get alot of money for upgrades. Usually Cheron takes all your money, but upgrading the haggle skill allows you to keep some money for later purchases, which is good.All in all, this is a wonderful game. It has neat graphics, cool soundtracks, and it's addicting to play. But the frustrating levels and the hardcore grinding makes it hard to really love this game when it's not being evil to you.Rating 8/10"
76561197992780097,Recommended,241600,10737813,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DrunkinAbbot,Awesome Game.... Really enjoying recommend to anyone.... nice platformer highly addictive
76561197971532050,Recommended,241600,523587,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Conditional Love,Metroidvania ARPG Rogue-lite. Gamepad Strongly recommended. Warning: it is kinda addictive :)
,Recommended,241600,20243458,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Acquiescence,If you are bad at this type of game don't bother buying it. No difficulty settings means the game keeps dumpstering you over and over. But if you are good at this type of game then then definitely get it because from what I have played it SeemsGood .
,Recommended,241600,17575755,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,vividBloodsucker,"An absolutely fantastic Rogue-Lite game that takes elements of Castlevania and Monster World with a small blend of RPG elements to create a rather fun indie experience that is absolutely worth a look at. The game will take about 9-12 hours to complete for most core gamers, but more casual gamers will probably take longer than this (though there are special items to help reduce difficulty if you're struggling) and the difficulty, while can suddenly spike into crazy hard territory, rarely feels unfair. The story is pretty standard fantasy fare and I saw the plot twist coming a mile away (I remember calling BS on the ""cure"" the castle is said to contain, which is mentioned in the first Diary entry, the game's way of telling the story) but it was still pretty fun to watch it unfold and the execution made for a pretty fun finale.Imagine playing a Metroidvania game (not a fan of the term but it's commonplace these days so whatever) where the goal is to simply find four bosses and kill them in order to open up one last door to the final boss. Sounds simple right? Well, there's an army of knights, skeletons, zombies and other monsters that are going to make your job harder, plus plenty of traps that will spell the end for any hero who isn't agile enough to outwit them. Now add on another layer to the game, when you die, that character is dead, for good. Every time you die you get to select from one of 3 new heroes (you can reroll them once a run later on) of various classes, many more can also be unlocked and upgraded and they all have different playstyles that can cater to any player's playstyle and what the game might favour at the time. After selecting your hero, the castle doesn't remain the same, introducing the Rogue-Lite element. Every time you enter (unless you ask a special NPC, which means you make less money) the castle will rebuild itself differently, though some basic rules DO apply, so it's easy to get to an area you want to when needs be. Another feature that makes this game fantastic is each hero has up to 2 different traits as well as a class. Some are positive, such as not setting off spike traps and being able to see every enemy on the map, some are negative, such as not being able to knock back enemies and having to play with the screen flipped UPSIDE DOWN, and some are neutral with effects that may or may not help or hinder you, such as being colour blind and farting when you jump. This adds and extra layer of strategy to your choices, a Paladin who can throw a knife backwards vs a Paladin who is a Dwarf could make a huge difference to how you play and how far you may get on your run.Controls are some of the tightest I've ever seen in a game EVER. The game's very responsive and although your basic attack has a small delay before it strikes, it's very easy to get used to and being able to use the game's mechanic of not turning while swinging your sword can be used effectively to kite enemies once you're good enough. Graphics are also great, the pixel artstyle calls back to the SNES and Mega Drive days as well as some Playstation titles, and the game doesn't feel like it's screaming ""LOOK AT ME I'M RETRO GUYS"" overall, looks very colourful which helps you to see things, but it's also easy on the eyes. The soundtrack is also incredible (special mentions go to the main theme tune and the 3rd Boss Battle theme) managing to mix 8-bit chiptune with a variety of musical styles, but again, the soundtrack doesn't feel like it's screaming ""LOOK AT ME I'M RETRO GUYS""After you've beaten it there's also a New Game + mode which allows you to carry on your legacy (starting with the hero who beat the final boss) but the castle becomes MUCH harder, so if you think it's a bit ""too easy"" then wait until that comes around and you'll be sure to have a good challenge. Also the challenge bosses should test the wits and skills of any gamer. I haven't even managed to beat one yet but I found all but one boss fairly straightforward on the first run once you knew what to do. Though one problem is some gamers may tire of how repetitive the game can feel at times, as even though the levels are randomized the enemy variety isn't huge and the castle's zones are always positioned in the same areas (well, without one trait that also prevents the player from reading almost any of the game's text)ProsFantastic ControlsBeautiful artstyle and soundtrackProcedurally generated level to play inVery challenging, especially on new game + and onwardsLots of fun traits to mess around withA good variety of classes to fit any player's styleConsEnemy variety feels lacking at timesA predictable story, but the plot twist was pretty well executedFinal Verdict - A fantastic Rogue-Lite Hack and Slash game that will bring plenty of hours of entertainment, if you're looking for something new to try give it a go. If it's on sale or in a bundle and you're curious I'd say just go for it, you won't be sorry"
,Recommended,241600,10560228,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,loesch94,At first it will be intensly hard. Then it will get harder. Recommend with a controller
,Recommended,241600,680901,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Grimaud,GOTY EVERY YEAR
,Recommended,241600,9438098,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Maxzloch,"Fun time-waster Dungeon Crawler/RPG mix, with hilarious stats."
76561198014190840,Recommended,241600,8367584,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Fertilizer,"Koukuttava, nopeatempoinen, hauska, monipuolinen, haastava ja viihdyttävä. Kannattaa hankkia."
,Recommended,241600,12911125,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Einer Von Denen,"I played this game for over 30 hours of my lifetime and I still can't beat these hardmode Bosses. Y U SO HARD!?This game is amazing! It get's you hooked really fast and you won't be able to stop trying! Even if you fail (and you will), you get to keep your earned gold and you will be able to upgrade your future characters via upgrading your keep. This leads to the famous ""just one more run""-syndrome and therefore to severe abuse of coffee in the morning after when you have to go to work/school/university."
,Recommended,241600,13518505,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Gortag,"A great introduction to the roguelite genre. The ancestory system makes each new life interesting and carrying over progress takes some of the sting out of the constant defeat. When you nail a run, it feels great."
,Recommended,241600,3518347,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Rudemancer,"The best and most accurate way to sum it up is roguelike super ghosts and goblins metroidvania. Dont be put off by the initial difficulty, the game is only as hard as you are bad. If you're only slightly bad then you'll still make progress even when you dieif you're kind of very bad then you'll probably be pretty upset and complain a lotEither way I'll probably be laughing at your misfortune"
,Recommended,241600,14886672,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Knexus,"This game has a ton of replay value.  It can get a bit grindy at times, but the randomly generated maps help alleviate the boredom that comes with grinding.  I've had a few glitches here and there(mainly getting stuck in walls), but for the most part the game is very solid.  Overall, very enjoyable."
76561198055562236,Recommended,241600,8443490,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Vintage Bagel,"Really good game.. made me rage quit several times, tho I came back to it several minutes after :D"
,Recommended,241600,11678888,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Whymog,"I figured Rogue Legacy would be a solid homage to the Metroidvania genre with a nice, difficult twist, but it goes so much further than that. With its compelling progression and customization systems and an excellent use of randomization, Rogue Legacy is a clear and definitive step forward for the genre.Any action-platformer game hinges on the player developing a set of reproducible skills -- learning how to read a room, confront enemies and chart a path through treacherous territory. Later Metroidvania games like Aria of Sorrow and Other M shied away from this and instead emphasized character empowerment and customization to the point where base skills like dodging and timing became almost unnecessary. Rogue Legacy deftly solves this problem by randomizing every room on each playthrough while also forcing the player to accept a unique set of strengths and weaknesses on each play session thanks to the game's hereditary system. After a couple hours, the player starts to understand the logic of the game: how each region works, where the greatest challenges are, how to chart a path through the castle and how to compensate for unexpected adversity. It's a brilliant example of a game that teaches the player a difficult and complex system at a steady pace over dozens of hours of play.If you're a fan of Metroidvania games or a fan of challenging action-platformer games, you're more than likely going to get your money's worth out of Rogue Legacy. But if you appreciate dissecting and understanding great game design, Rogue Legacy is absolutely essential."
,Recommended,241600,14897797,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Wolf Fivousix,"Score: 9/10Amazing game for fans of plataformer, reminded me of the old Mega Man and Castelvania games. Go into the randomized castle, kill the creatures, loot the gold, buy equipment, upgrades and improve your Manor (a family castle) to give permanent boosts to your characters. Every time you die your heirs will take swords and keep your legacy in your place, as long as you want! After a while the creatures start to become very powerful, which really shows how unforgiven this game can be! Fairly short game, but very enjoyable, I would definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,241600,658430,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Insomniac,"An enjoyable and utterly addicitive Metroidvania/rogue-""lite"". The sprite work in regards to both the enemies and the castle's various backgrounds is sharp, colorful, and all-around fantastic. Between the procedurally-generated castle layouts and the unique geneological trait system, the game is able to stay fresh from one run to the next and maintain a nice sense of randomness. The progression/skill tree is surprisingly deep and will require a lot of playtime to fill out. Intimidating bosses and rooms packed to the brim with enemies help create a healthy, satisfying challenge. I also like how the game gives you the freedom to explore the entire castle right off the bat, yet punishes you if you travel to specific areas out of the intended order (a la Dark Souls). Perhaps most impressive, though, is what could best be described as a ""masterful"" soundtrack. Every time I hear the theme for the Maya/Tower, I smile with joy. The music in this game is just so well done.On the downside, while the platforming and combat controls work well for the most part and are simple to get a hang of, the analog controls tend to be a bit over-sensitive. There have been quite a few instances where I've screwed up and felt it was more a matter of the game's controls being imprecise than it was my own fault. Also, while still fun more than 20+ hours into playing, the experience does tend to feel a little grind-y once you get far into New Game+ territory.Problems aside, Rogue Legacy manages to do so many things well and so few things wrong. It does a terrific job of scratching that old-school Metroid/Castlevania itch and provides a sense of accomplishment with each run. A game that's easy to pick up and play in short 30 minute bursts, or spend hours on end with. Highly recommended."
76561198092375768,Recommended,241600,8862637,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Oliv Oil,"Despite the fact that Scouts and Skeletons (among other enemies) are absolute attention ♥♥♥♥♥s that I often have to keep my eye on (HAHAH Scouts) that I often have a bone to pick with (HAHAH Skeletons), this game is absolute perfection. Beneath its complicated appearance what with the whole lineage thing, this deceptively simple game has me playing for hours on end and I  NEVER GET BORED. As a Roguelike, death is permanent, which sucks if you finally find the perfect child. This aspect keeps you on your toes, making you constantly adapt to the downfalls of each child. Also, the amount of defferent enemies in this game is... well...... MASSIVE. Every time you play, you get forced to immediately remember the strategy to fight each enemy, keeping your mind as active as your fingers as you spam the attack button constantly. If I could rate this game as a part of this review, it would be 11/10. I don't just roguelike it, I rogueLOVE it."
76561197973052125,Recommended,241600,10717248,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lord Dyran,"It's not often in a game that I actually want to die, but this game pulls it off."
76561198070868572,Recommended,241600,8805765,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Rusty,gg
,Recommended,241600,10736477,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dangerous Pudding,Eventough its really hard its intresting
76561198063120601,Recommended,241600,13817432,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Squirting Elephant,"The mother of all rogue games.It has some unbalances but it is almost bug free, great gameplay, lots of replayability through newgame+ and there is just nothing bad to say about it. And I'm usually not this positive in my reviews.A must buy, even for the full price."
,Recommended,241600,8943832,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,baby bird,"Are you a fan of no mercy games? Well♥♥♥♥♥♥son you better check this game out here. Side scrolling with an epic retro pixelated look, Rogue Legacy is an AMAZING game. You will die, many times, but it's okay you will get better as you learn more about the game. The game is hard yes but it rewards you with gold and items that you can use to make your character (well children) better. The castle is randomized so you don't have to worry about seeing the same old♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again. Well before I make this too long lemme mention the cool♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome music, great variety of enemies and mini bosses, big♥♥♥♥♥bosses, different classes for your kids, a skill tree, you can make your own weapons and armor, runes for stuff like double jump annnd other stuff. Also did I mention the humor in this game? Dementia is an awesome trait, totally pick a child with that. So ya definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,241600,125066,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,-Dresden-,"Metroidvania + Roguelike = This, although I wish there were different weapon -types- and not just different swords."
,Recommended,241600,8500069,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mayo The Condiment,Completed.  20 Hours.  A-.  Fun mix of RPG and platformer.  I'm not very good at platformers but the RPG element eventually helps one overcome their native lack of skill ;)
,Recommended,241600,8322779,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Lip Service,"Absolutely addicting though surprisingly simple and with little depth. I almost replayed through Aria of Sorrow when I saw Rogue Legacy on sale and I am so glad I picked it up. While there's almost nothing new to this game on an individual basis, the mix of gameplay and roguelike elements truly makes it something special.If you're itching to replay an old Metroid or Castlevania or Cave Story, I suggest picking this game up first. If you're disappointed, try to play as the Barbarian and hoard that gold."
,Recommended,241600,10784185,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,destroyallnerds,"This is a game obviously meant for a controller.  But, while the keys do take awhile to get used to, as well as the odd menu layout, it's a really charming experience.  In no other game can you play as Lady Chun Li III, colorblind barbarian daughter of Sir Useless, the mage with vertigo (and countless other trait/relation combinations).  The gameplay is a delight, with a healthy helping of battles and puzzles alike."
,Recommended,241600,10784069,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RevisedZero,"Rogue Legacy is apply named it's very 'Rogue' like. You're not expected to win on your first playthrough, you're just supposed to do a little bit better, each time spending your hard earned gold on upgrades, runes & abilities.The game mechanics are in a way close to Binding of Isaac & Dark Souls, the death isn't the end but instead a teaching tool. After each time you die, you get a little farther because it let's you get a feel of the enemies, the traps, the world and how they work. After enough time you'll be able to see traps coming but if you perish from them, well that's on you. The game teaches you on how each enemy works and it does it very well.Even though I've only spent two hours playing it, I've been focusing on all the little details on how this game is very fun, very addicting and each time a very rewarding experience.Thoroughly enjoy this game and highly reccomend."
,Recommended,241600,7917884,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Ressurrected Doom,"If you like rogue-like games, and you don't have this yet, something's wrong, because this game is fun! After every death, things change up some, and you could be playing a hero with color-blindness, or farts often. Maybe they're faster than usual, but gets send flying when hit. Or even shooting daggers out the rear (That has to hurt!), while being able to siphon mana from hitting enemies! Each run promises something different than the last run, and after dying you usually have a chance to improve your character until you can't no more. Take it from me, this is one rogue-like game you'll come to love if you don't mind dying... oh about 100 times.P.S. Wait til you play with Vertigo on a hero."
,Recommended,241600,12960490,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Stem,- already had 20 ancestors- no bosses defeated- my hands hurt10/10
,Recommended,241600,8203674,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,downphoenix,"This game is really fun and addictive, get it! (recommend a controller for best experience)"
,Recommended,241600,12215758,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,FireEatingNinja,"Rogue Legacy is a game that I had a lot of trouble putting down. It's one of the few games I purposely got 100% of the achievements on because it was fun all the way through. It has everything a good old fashioned gamer will enjoy. Randomized maps, progressive leveling and difficulty, a choose-your-own-path to awesomeness, difficult platforming and puzzles, as well as fun boss fights.This game is truly unique. The character you start with dies. You then choose from one of 3 heirs/decendants. Depending on what you often pick, the following heirs will have similar traits. The traits are important for many reasons that I won't go into - but Rogue Legacy is definitely worth your time.There's pretty mimimal story-line but what story you do discover is rather well done. You'll find little tables with a book that progresses the 'lore' and I found myself always wanting to find the next one.There are runes and equipment to unlock and choose from. You can be a life-stealing, life-to-mana converting caster if you want. You can be a brute force vampire. Maybe have extremely high defenses. Or maybe be a melee glass cannon. The best part is, all are viable and all may end up making certain bosses and combat easier. It's your job to find out how to adapt and evolve your lineage."
76561197963823824,Recommended,241600,10944397,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,eLmaGus-,"I did not expect to enjoy dying over and over so much, but the upgrading system and randomness of the dungeon makes this very enjoyable and challenging. It even encourages multiple playthroughs and is easily one of the best games i have played in a while."
76561197972350864,Recommended,241600,8029896,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Dr. Venture,"This game is hard as balls, yes strangely endearing."
,Recommended,241600,652382,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,GamerG,"It's like an old school side scroller mixed with a JRPG love story that makes babies mixed with PURE AWESOME. P.S. if dying lots pisses you off, you really shouldn't buy this game. OTHERWISE BUY IT AND PLAY IT AND LOVE LIFE."
,Recommended,241600,7799815,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,MK,"Having been a fan of the rogue-like genre for most of my life as well as hardcore platformers, Rogue Legacy tickled a sweet spot in me that kept me entertained for several hours. It's unique legacy system keeps things interesting on every play through by switching out character traits every time you die and I found myself wanting to try the different classes to see how drastically different their play style would be. To be fair the game has a few short comings, but many can be overlooked due to the fact that it's just enjoyable to play and amass a small fortune only to die and start fresh. Don't take my word on it though, boot it up for yourself and see how your legacy will play out."
,Recommended,241600,29449661,Posted: 23 January,all,Feeliks,I'm addicted its FFFFFFFFFFFFFFun
,Recommended,241600,17421041,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,martlu15,"This game is hard, yet awesome! My brother and I would play it for hours taking turns and pointing out each others failures!"
76561198087448091,Recommended,241600,10883272,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kodondo,100% Kira approved.Great gameplay
,Recommended,241600,13875934,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Frog,It's hard at first but then you get to learn it gets really easy and gold is also hard to get at first.
76561198219111997,Recommended,241600,20004883,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MagicMan48,fun and good replay value
76561198064979091,Recommended,241600,17004451,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Nermanater,"Incredible game. If what you've seen in the trailers interests you even a little, buy it immediately."
,Recommended,241600,8252911,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,KimJongJoris,Its pretty good.
,Recommended,241600,12648281,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,brotendo,I beat the first boss.
,Recommended,241600,12397586,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,★ PuteKiller ★,This game is straight from the 90's- His visuals- His sounds- His Awesomeness- The hours you have to put in to get through itThis game is a succes !
,Recommended,241600,16347275,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DrakoLeon,Attacking and moving (and jumping) at the same time is something that is horribly underestimated in how much fun it makes the gameplay.
,Recommended,241600,9462558,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Jack Donn,This game is one of the best RPGs I have ever played.I am hooked on the style and gameplay.
,Recommended,241600,19344781,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,thelonelyghost,"Great platformer for casual gamers. There is a game mechanic to prevent steady grinding away at it for gradual increase in resources, equipment, etc. where Charon requires you give up all (or, later on, a majority) of your currency to get back into the dungeon for each generation.This is the type of game where the player must primarily level up their real-life skills with the controller (or keyboard) for more success in the game, only mildly supplemented by in-game powerups that can be earned.While definitely geared toward a casual game here and there as time permits, the powerups are very diverse with a skill tree, collectible artifacts that unlock purchasable armor or abilities, and boss characters that are near impossible to beat without a very distinct strategy and some luck make this appealing for more hardcore retro-style players.One thing I would prefer is to have Steam Cloud enabled on here. I've already reinstalled my operating system twice since I started playing this and kicked myself for not making a backup of my save file."
,Recommended,241600,12430637,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,The Magic School Bus,"+Hilarious side effectsExtensive treesdiffrent classesgood solid controlsbrings back the genre of ""rouge""the abilities-the armours and enemies are mostly reskinshas a high learning curb to go from castle to another=7.5/10"
,Recommended,241600,16637538,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Melody,"Truth be told, I am not a huge fan of Roguelike games on a whole. Despite their mechanical purity and focus on strong gameplay, they often suffer from poor level design and a lack of emotional connection or progression. Rogue Legacy, however, manages to subvert the latter in a very intriguing way, even if I feel that many of the more negative trappings of Roguelike games haunt this title.The game continues to suffer from the poor level design of its contemporaries. Being a Metroidvania inspired title, with a massive vania and a small sobbing Metroid being dragged along with it, this isn't as big of an issue as it could be. But in a genre which so clearly has great level design laid out for it, it would've easily been possible to make this game have fantastic level design, due to the way it randomizes levels. At current, it has large amounts of enemy spam and doesn't really let you take advantage of your characters' particular abilities very well, aside from the base core mechanics.Unlike other Metroidvania titles, this game doesn't introduce new weapons or game mechanics as you progress through the game, but linear upgrades like higher HP stats, strength, and different classes whom usually have a unique ability not directly related to combat or movement, and shuffled stats. The game's character progression is relatively weak, is what I'm saying.But despite suffering from weak character progression and poor level design, this game has a certain permanence to your actions which other roguelikes don't. Your upgrades and unlocks stay with you as you play. Even with what is ostensibly the game's prestige mode, old upgrades and traits are kept and even enhanced. It culminates in a very enjoyable experience where you never necessarily feel like you've 'lost' much outside of the dungeons resetting, and you can pick up the game and continue right from where you left off again.In terms of game design, this is a rather poor title, but it participates in filling the niche of a more replayable game following the core concepts of Metroidvania style action platforming. A niche which was previously very empty.If the idea of a Metroidvania game which focuses on replayability sounds good to you, even if it has fairly poor level design and a progression system that leaves me lukewarm to it, it's very much so worth a try.I look forward to seeing the future offerings of Cellar Door Games. It's rumored that they're planning to start work on a Rogue Legacy sequel in the future, to which I would say that it should basically be this, with a more varied progression system featuring more substantial changes to movement mechanics and weapons, along with more stark level design, potentially killing the 'castle' segments altogether.But as it stands, this game fills both a unique niche, and one with very wide appeal. It is worth playing in many senses of the word, but with clear flaws and a lack of polish regarding many of the core ideas."
,Recommended,241600,16122795,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Alberny,"I usually am not a fan of rogue like games, but this game is something different.The fact that you can upgrade your heros and that there are so many heros with random abilities and disabilities keeps you always motivated for ""another run"" and maybe even a  ""come one more run before i do something for school run"" run"
,Recommended,241600,21176454,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DunkieMcBuckets,I love this game. I got it on sale for a few dollars. However i would gladly pay the whole 15 for it. 10/10
,Recommended,241600,2922870,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Blastvader,"If you like hard for the sake of hard then this game is for you. If not, avoid and save yourself £12."
76561198056885943,Recommended,241600,13406748,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,kizer5.red,"finally finished rogue legacy, I tried the final boss with a dragon-man and died but the Barbarian with sword wall was a perfect choice to beat him easily.I beat the base game, but now its like beat it again with higher difficulties,it took me 286 characters to beat the game lots of them were barbarians and paladins and spellswords and some wizards and ninja's tooI remember a lot of the early ones just dying immediately but eventually I could take a character and run though the whole castle and grind the mini bosses for look to get better stat boostsI can't find any good gear though, I have like tear 3 out of 6 possible set tears and I cant find anything better then golden armor but I've found all the runes in the fairy chests so now they are just stat boosts (which I like alot more)I grinded at it for a day then took a week off and just kept that up, for the final boss I took a yearsir eric Vi lvl 253 barbarianSpecial: Barbarian ShoutHuge HP low Str and MO< Hypergonadism: you know enemies out of the park and baldness: you are baldHealth- 1095mana- 227armor 265(56%) weight 270/415Strength 89 Intel 95 (so I;m a smart and weak barb)crit change 38% crit damage 235%Equipment: Imperial Sword Imperial Helm Guardian Chestplate Guardian brace guardian capesEnchantment: Valut Sprint Vampire Bounty NG+ Bonus"
,Recommended,241600,9131002,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Raecchi,"In a nutshell: Roguelike-lite Metroidvania with upgrades. I was hooked once I played the demo, and the full game is significantly more awesome and fleshed-out. Difficulty is good, maybe a little on the hard side if you're rusty on action platformers (like me). The game is genuninely funny, too. It's hard not to grin when Pricila IX, a nearsighted, bald assassin, goes charging into battle with her massive sword lifted above the tiny pink bow on her helmet.Edit: New Game+ increases the difficulty sharply. I do NOT recommend finishing your first runthrough in a hurry!"
,Recommended,241600,8243912,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Syntp,Very entertaining game. Will possibly write more about it later.
,Recommended,241600,1438135,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Green Bastard,"Being a huge fan of rogue-likes, I can't stress enough just how awesome this game is. I'm always interested to see the interesting twists that indie developers put on rogue-likes (FTL, Isaac, The Pit, etc.), and this game certainly doesn't disappoint in that aspect. It separates itself from the rest of the pack with its unique mechanics and progression system, and is just downright fun to play. Definitely worth buying for anyone that is a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,241600,8255707,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,PAINTRAIN-chan,"aodrable little game, and I think it's even on sale now!! go ahead, buy it. it's good. it's quite hard though.. on the other hand it might just be my nonexistant skillz at games like this."
76561197968305965,Recommended,241600,12594791,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,yard salad,"an interesting take on the rogue-like genre, but the end boss is as tedious as an ACT test"
76561198017436910,Recommended,241600,12628434,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Chilltronic,"This is a very good game with a well-executed unique concept.  I would've liked to see a little more effort in the character design, as there isn't much variety, but the developer did a good job of making it funny by simply sticking a pink ribbon on the female characters' heads.Rogue Legacy is punishingly difficult.  Don't expect to make it very far into the castle ... ever ... without dying and beginning anew with your dead character's unfortunate offspring.  But it's fun!"
,Recommended,241600,12709399,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Humanius,A very enjoyable game. The randomly generated castle keeps drawing me back everytime.
,Recommended,241600,16417915,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Axel,"I can happily say that this is a very fun game from my experience.  I can say that whoever wonders if they should try it, they should."
,Recommended,241600,19279608,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,UXM266,"This is a highly addictive game that is lots of fun. It's unqiue, creatve and not very repetitive despite being a rogue-like game. I'd reccomend if you are looking for something fun, and casual."
,Recommended,241600,10744931,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,stilz,10/10  Best way to weed out weak genes.
76561197996831968,Recommended,241600,13657682,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,GuiltyBystander,Dying over and over again has never been so fun.
76561198039739651,Recommended,241600,7623645,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,x2xGOONx7x,"This game is unexpectedly FANTASTIC! I have never had so much fun with such a basic game in my life. There's decent customization and the random flaws/perks your characters inherit are laughable. For fans of Metroid, Castlevania, etc. 10 out of 10 in my book. A must buy."
76561198047143384,Recommended,241600,5264864,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,ENCR0ACHER,I can NOT stop playing this game!! Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Tight controls. Excellent risk and reward thru the generations of characters. Replayability. Sheer fun.P.S. Get a gamepad to do this game justice!
,Recommended,241600,35255285,Posted: 27 September,all,yes-thisistrash,Rouge legacy is an overall fun game to help pass the time.
76561198082806125,Recommended,241600,35325445,Posted: 29 September,all,Cheeki Breeki,"Fun , challenging and satisfying."
,Recommended,241600,35275044,Posted: 28 September,all,MightOfaMillionMen,"its a good game for about 20 hours, buy it on sale"
76561198284277604,Recommended,241600,35276885,Posted: 28 September,all,STALKER42,such fun but over-difficult for clumsy hands like minewill a controller help with my perfomance?
76561198093728159,Recommended,241600,13493101,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Powdered Toast Man,Got chicken out of a chair. 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,241600,10093670,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,ThaProfessor,"If you're into platforming, precise timing in combat, and elements of bullet-storm -- this game is for you. I couldn't step away from this game and 100%'d it over a weekend, including all of the new bosses....which will drive you insane, trust me. Be a boss, get this game and give it enough time to become fun. Your first few runs into the castle may be discouraging, but the more you upgrade and learn the tricks of the trade, the more you shall transform into a baller.9/10"
76561198048642146,Recommended,241600,10566863,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,narwhak,Like Skyrim only with Swords
76561198123885276,Recommended,241600,11789346,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Blackwatch,"2D side scrolling Dark Souls where various phobias, diseases, conditions, syndroms, and deformities make you play on hard mode all the time. 10/10"
,Recommended,241600,12394150,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Lyso Tosis,"I'm pretty sure the tagline from Dark Souls sums up this game pretty well; Prepare to Die. But honestly, this game is oodles of fun, 10/10 would definitely die to Neo Khildr again (edit. THAT SON OF A ♥♥♥♥♥ IS FINALLY DEAD HAZZAH, ♥♥♥♥ YOU NEO KHILDR...edit 2. ♥♥♥♥ YOU ALEXANDER IV, YOUR SIX FEET UNDER, TOO, YOU UNGRATEFUL HIJO DE♥♥♥♥♥♥.. edits 3,4 and 5. Finally killed the rest of those goddamn remixes, Hallajuh and ""praise the sun"" TM). Woop woop."
,Recommended,241600,8119021,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,YoungK,Very addicting! You keep getting better the more you play in terms of your skills and your character. The difficulty is just perfect. It is never too hard nor never too easy! I recommend this game if you are fan of castlevania or want to play a good challenging platformer!
76561198009849401,Recommended,241600,8210600,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,theblackfrog,"sounds funny, but one of the best and funniest games i have ever played. roguelike metrovania style. pure awesomeness. its hard, clever, unfair & addictive."
,Recommended,241600,323046,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Special,"First let me get this outta the way, this is in no way a Rogue-like game at all, it's as much of one as is any old school NES game like Mario or Contra, what is it then? An Action/Platformer type with some RPG lite elements mixed in (later it becomes a stupid as hell Bullet-Hell dodging game), it's very grindy in nature having you repeat the same things over and over again to gaining money little by little so you can strengthen you guy with unlocks to make the game easier, that's pretty much the game, its quite shallow with only 5 bosses total and the enemies are all re-skins with the same patterns/move-sets that you will learn soon enough. It's also clearly only balanced for your first and second playthrough, then the Dev's just went all lazy on it and pulled a Jay Wilson ""And then we doubled It"" (This is when it turns into a stupid Bullet-Hell dodging game, so never go beyond NG+1).All in all it's still a really fun game for two playthoughs, the first clear will probably take you 8 hours and the second another 3, so 11~ hours of fun for 15 bucks is great deal IMO, just be prepared to do lots of money farming which is very repetitive.Tip time:The Dragon class sucks balls, do not unlock it ever because it will take spots in your gene pool and screw your RNG and make you made, other classes that suck are the Miner/Spelunker and to a lesser extent Lich/Lich King class, so try and avoid them but you can't really because they♥♥♥♥♥♥block you from other Castle upgrades.As I said earlier do not move onto New Game+2 until you have every achievement unlocked and have farmed up a storm getting your self up around level 250 or higher, because once you hit NG+2 it becomes stupid hard and no fun, you'll just end up rushing to boss rooms and skipping everything else, and there is no going back.Upgrades you should focus on making your character stronger and more survivable, don't waste money on the fluff stuff, Attack Power > Health > Crit > Mana > Magic Dmg for example."
,Recommended,241600,11747769,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,jippalippa,"This game is a drug.As every rogue-like, it has a peculiar system, and you have to like it to enjoy it.It might look a bit pointless and frustrating at the beginning, but if you get engaged in the formula this game becomes a drug!This masterpiece of a game brings back the brutal difficulty from the 80s/90s era inside our computers, but every single time you die is your own fault.The controls are very responsive and you have a gigantic array of possible upgrades and customizations for your hero.This game allows you to choose from 3 different heroes (different selection, every respawn) every time you die, and each one of these has some usefull skills, aswell as some ""traits"", to balance the whole thing; the amazing fact is that most of these are really funny ones, and the combinations are endless, so variety is a big deal in this game.You need to invest a lot of time and effort in this game, but once you finish a boss you really feel rewarded.Pros:- Challenging- Unexpected Humor- Very Deep Character Cutomization- Randomly generated level layouts (So infinite possibilities)- ""Traits"" are fun, and force the player to play with a specific style, each time- Lovely 16 bits graphicsTo note:- It's a rogue-like...so you have to like this formula to enjoy the game- Really frustrating at the beginning- Needs a lot of time and effort to completeCons:- Only 4 environmentsRecommended to wake up our gaming skills, unused because of modern games low difficulty."
,Recommended,241600,14669591,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Liquid Brick,So frustraiting that you'll want to play another round just to teach the game a lesson. Only you can't teach games lessons. They don't listen.5/5 would have one of my triplet children die in vain.
,Recommended,241600,8219942,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Zencodion,"Rogue Legacy is a nice rogue-like rpg platformer. I've only played it for about 2 hours so far and i'm enjoying it! When I stop playing it I have the urge to come back for more and to do better each time which is a rather good quality for a game to have. It keeps you wanting to do better and to get farther each time. I recommend this to anyone who likes platformers, rogue-like games, rpg games, or all of the above."
,Recommended,241600,7641574,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,SPAGETT,"I cannot recommend this game highly enough.  It does a perfect job of blending the brutal elements of most rogue likes that keep you coming back for more punishment, and a sense of true progression.  Passing on your armor/gold/manor to your heir is a brilliant way of keeping the player in forward progression.  I've sunk about 10 hours in, only half way done, and plan on beating the game at least twice to get the achievements.  This game is a veritable steal at $15."
,Recommended,241600,10738824,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,The Great Bourgeois,"7/10Play as your favorite heroes, Sir ♥♥♥♥♥face, who suffers from ♥♥♥♥ing dyslexia and irritable bowel syndrome or Lady Cuntly who is colorblind and cant stop ♥♥♥♥ing swearing, YOURE NOT THE ONLY ONE ♥♥♥♥ING SWEARING WHEN YOU TAKE DAMAGE.Dark souls 2D platformer edition. ♥♥♥♥ it."
76561198063318499,Recommended,241600,10612730,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TheTedConspiracy,Hard but fun. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,241600,10913152,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Senor,"Dangerously addictive. Sometimes the game doesn't explain things that it really should, and the lack of choice in which character class you spawn with (you only get 3 choices) is annoying. Still, running through the castle and gathering treasure is great."
,Recommended,241600,8155724,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Velvetlip,Thank you for adding Mac!! I love this game 33 hours in and I can't wait to play to max level. Get it!!!!
,Recommended,241600,22540339,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Menhir,"The good+Big challenge, built around good controls and varied enemy attacks+The offspring mechanic is an interesting element in the game. The descendants' traits can have hilarious visual/sound effects, and positive/negative stat modifiers+The classes are pretty much well balanced considering their skillsets, and they allow different playstyles+The combination of offspring traits, classes, and procedurally created castles makes room for a highly-replayable, non repetitive game.This expands further with new game plus+Enemy designs are great, both mechanics and visuals. The whole game has a good, consistent artstyle+Armor and rune upgrades allow customization of playstyle+Character upgrades, in combination with the architect, allow for slow climbing the game, something ideal for less skilled playersThe bad-Some irregularities in player's movement (dash has zero effect if knocked back; some weird bugs while moving towards spikes)-The game doesn't add much to the genre, all in allI wasn't positive on Rogue Legacy from the beggining - at one point while playing this game I absolutely hated it. I thought grinding was necessary since I kept dying without getting a sense of advancement, and I absolutely despised the idea of a game that involved grinding in its gameplay. After some time playing I realized I needed to adapt to the game, which meant actually dodging enemy attacks and attacking safely. Before long, I was doing room clears and beating bosses all to the final boss. In that, my initial disgust with the game was based on a misunderstanding on my part.All this is to say Rogue Legacy is the same formula of any hard-as-nails game: there's no grinding involved if you git gud. You can finish a first playthrough without grinding at all, just dying once in a while to spend all that gold from bosses and room clears. At that, the game's design is quite inclusive, since you can either turtle your way in by using the architect to reach and beat the bosses, or you can become aware of the enemies' patterns and dodge like a ballerina while hitting fast - either playstyle is valid. A lot of people might hate the first style (rightfully), so to fully enjoy Rogue Legacy you either have to be quite skilled or have the patience to creep your way up. You could say it's a gitgud or gohome kind of game, and maybe that's its greatest fault.A very important element in this game are the remixed bosses, which are its crown jewel in my opinion. Beating them involves complete understanding of the classes, jumps and dashes, and also understanding of the bosses' environments and the bosses' movements. It's a gameplay element which requires fine execution, observation and judgement as a proof of mastery, and it's something really enjoyable to see implemented.The bottom lineA tough, enjoyable 2D platformer heavily inspired by classic Castlevania, with a fun trait+offspring system and some replayability."
,Recommended,241600,2628778,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,EternalGoatMom「♥」,"It's pretty much Metroidvania with randomly generated rooms, which is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.  Challenging as hell, fun as hell.  I mean, I got this game not even two days ago and I have 18 hours and have gotten to new game 8+ and plan to continue onward.If you like some challenging metroidvania gameplay and endless onslaught of baddies to murder with dumb little twists to your character everytime you select a new one after being brutually cut down in your prime, this is the jam for you.There's more to it but who wants to read what I have to say, go look up a real review.Then buy the game and send countless of your bloodline to their death."
,Recommended,241600,11058584,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Terry Crews' Left Odor Blocker,"This game is amazing. It keeps the feeling of immersion as each time you play is different making it feel very rogue-like. Another amazing thing is the music in the game, it is perfect."
76561198065165587,Recommended,241600,10673326,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,metaphics,good game
,Recommended,241600,8622363,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Zozoken,"This game is a very good platformer with Roguelike elements and a lot of bullet-dodging. You enter a castle which is randomized each time, with areas generally close to the same locations: Castle (easy part) at the entrance, the Forest (a bit harder) to the left, the Tower (hard) above the Castle section, and the Dungeon (hardest part) below the castle section. A boss guards each area, are not randomized, and have bullet-hell patterns. Once those are defeated, the door to the final boss is unlocked and you can finish the game.This game is really hard, as are most Roguelikes and games that are inspired by Roguelikes. It features perma-death (you die once and it's over) which adds to an already challenging game, although you can ""lock down"" the castle so that it will have the same layout as last time, for a percentage of your gold. Also, any bosses you kill, stay dead on subsequent playthroughs, so once you defeat all four bosses, you can keep challenging the final boss even without locking the castle down.After your inevitable death, your heir will take up the mantle. You choose between three characters with randomized names, classes, and traits. Some traits are good, most are bad. There's some funny ones such as IBS (every time you jump, you fart), ones that mess with the screen such as Vertigo (play the game upside down), crippling ones such as CIP (can't see your HP), and very beneficial ones such as Eid. Mem. (see the locations of enemies and chests in visited rooms even when you leave). Traits boost the replayability of this game a ton, and most of them are fun, except for two of them which I will get to in a minute.You will also be able to dull the sharp edge of the difficulty and the RNG by upgrading your manor. Basically, you spend gold you collect in the castle on new, stronger classes, better starting stats, and things of that nature. You will also be able to find new equipment and skills to take with you: up to 5 skills can be equipped at once (dash, double-jump, vampirism, etc).The game also has tons of really fun things in it. There's a diary you can read that help the storyline, often lampshading itself. There's minigames where you have to hit all the targets. There's rooms you can find that will show previous games that were developed by the makers of this game. There's even a jukebox that can be found where you can listen to all of the game's soundtrack, though sadly the music you choose does not remain when you leave the room. For the challenge gamer, there's the Fairy Chest Challenges as well, where you must complete a room under specific conditions to get a Fairy Chest. The Fairy Chest always contains something good, like equipment or stat increases.Now for the bad. Those two traits I listed earlier that are not fun? That would be Far-Sighted and Near-Sighted. This game seems to be optimized for high-end video cards, not processing power, so the game is supposed to run at 60 fps. For me, it runs at 20 ~ 30 fps, and there is no way to change any of the graphical options. Far- and Near-Sighted traits slow this down to a crawl of less than 5 fps, as the blur effects it creates to block your vision demand high resources from your video card.In fact, the only real complaint I have about this awesome game is that it may not run at full speed for you, and apart from upgrading your video card, there's nothing you can do about it. Hopefully this will get fixed in the near future. I would play this game a lot more if it ran at full speed. On the other hand, it may make the game a bit easier for some, since everything is half-speed (which is still playable; I thought that was the normal speed... the game runs pretty fast at 60 fps).If you like Spelunky or you like games where you must dodge a lot of bullets, I strongly recommend this purchase, even if you don't have a powerful video card. It has tons of replay value and lots of content to offer even after you beat the game."
,Recommended,241600,7857365,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Fuzz,"I told myself I'd wait until I get all of my work done and out of the way and finish my games I have backlogged before picking this one up. Now I have my all of my work backlogged and no chance of touching my games library any time soon. This game is super fun and addicting, I'd highly recommend Rogue Legacy to anyone who is a fan of the Metroid/Castlevania esque games or if you're looking for a good and fair challenge."
76561197985594080,Recommended,241600,8586661,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Papy Eraser(CH),Rogue Legacy est une Rogue-Like en 2D au Graphisme magnifique  et Trés additif meme trop et aussi attention vous allez pas mal de fois mourir Dans ce jeu mais a bout d un moment on s'y fait (LOL) franchement a possedez D'urgence pour ceux qui aiment bien le genre ou meme ceux qu'ils veulent le decouvrirent
,Recommended,241600,8859114,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,ArcadiusMaddock,This is an amazing game. You should definitly play it.
76561198064284822,Recommended,241600,8042180,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Comical_speedy88,So brutal and unforgiving that it is extremely satisfying getting anywhere.
76561198002827273,Recommended,241600,2136417,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,frid_n_nedley,"This is a fun Metroidvania game.  The big catches are that you have a new castle to fight every time you play, and that you only have one run.  When you die, and you will since this is a hard game, you will play their heir, and can slowly spend money on upgrades that effect future family members.Also the people you will play have some truly unique traits.  Really, some must be seen to be believed."
,Recommended,241600,7997044,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Star Captain Dash Lightning,"I have a problem when it comes to roguelikes, best characterized as compulsive desire to play. Something about the perfect blend o failure's ever-present shadow and projections of hard-won, short-lived glory hits the right spot. In the last few years, we've seen an explosion of Roguelites, or roguelikelikes, or whatever phrase you prefer. Rogue Legacy, a platformer with roguelike elements, has the most attractive carrot/stick dance I've witnessed in a long while.Stick: runs are short. Early on, runs are brutally short. You'll die after a few rooms, a mere 2-3 minutes into some young wizards life. You'll be frustrated, and blame the hitbox, the slow attack time, the delay in animations, the clunky downward strike. But you'll die.Carrot: here are the three unique heroes you get to choose from next! This one, the Barbarian King here, he's for what you've been waiting. The last life was only 5 minutes. You can fit one more?Stick: You weren't expecting that spike room, were you?Carrot: But you get to spend all that money you picked up last run, and those upgrades are permanent: your next character gets them too!Etc, etc.The platforming is decent. It could be tighter, swings could be better timed and give a better idea of their hit-zone, but that's never the point of a rogue-like. The enemies could be more varied: there's little more than re-skins in each of the castle's 4 zones. There could be more room variety: after 10 hours or so, you'll have seen every room layout more or less. The bosses can be cheesed.But the progress is good. You never feel stuck: each run you get a little further. The randomly generated traits are fun, often silly, and they keep the you invested. It's a short roguelite - I dare say, it may be the first roguelitelite, a level even lighter than usual - but it's addictive and a steal.Word of advice: don't unlock the Beast too early. He will ruin your spawn pool."
,Recommended,241600,8479473,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Jack,"#GETALOADOFTHIS - Groose, 1, 1, 2014.                         this review was helpful"
,Recommended,241600,7977175,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Cocoabine,"8/10 - Progress and die. Become the son and buy those nifty pair of boots you were looking at. Carry onward just to die again. Level up that grandson's strength just a smidge. Die some more. This indie platformer is one of trail and error, propelled by its nifty combat mechanics, addictive gameplay and that ""Oh, just one more go"" ethos."
,Recommended,241600,8240913,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,dutchy,Many failed generations get you closer to a winning genetic masterpiece as you progress through a lineage of quirky characters. Cellar Door Games also display their failed games as pieces of art work as you get further into the Legacy. Each new character you play has some kind of fault and this is reflected in the descriptions they give you about Cellar Door's past games. Creating a masterpiece takes many failed attempts but previous adventures help guide the way.TLDR: It's super ghouls and ghost meets symphony of the night.
,Recommended,241600,19407982,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Hearthstone Player,Don't say a word about Dark Souls. THIS is a hard game.
,Recommended,241600,10422444,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Topcat,I was one of the people who edited most of the wiki for rougge legacy so I may be biased but I say it is fun until it gets repetative which is when you have every thing unlocked which takes a while.
76561197992960593,Recommended,241600,7981792,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lephy-__-,"If you like tough platformers, with rpg elements such as upgrades. This is the type of game you want to play. Be warned you might die alot xD"
,Recommended,241600,28828691,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SilentSand,"Probably the best ""roguelike"" released. Succession isn't extremely important, it's just flavorful fun. Learning the game each time you die is the best part. Don't try going into areas beyond your level though, unless you've already beaten the game."
,Recommended,241600,7761304,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Virgil▓▒◙,Rouge Legacy is pretty legit if you aren't a big ol' ♥♥♥♥♥♥ who hates a little challenge.
76561198083197998,Recommended,241600,11096846,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,DedXenon,"What's not to like about this game?Well, there's a lot not to like about this game.Never mind what's not to like about this game.It's fun.That's all that needs to be said."
,Recommended,241600,7920225,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,greevdef,10/10 You will die a lot playing this game but WHO CARES IT'S REALLY FUN PLAY IT PLAY IT
,Recommended,241600,8379916,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Paaaulio,"★★★★★★★★☆☆Rogue Legacy is an interesting rogue-like platformer which involves no perma-death mechanic. Instead, you progress as your current character's heir. The layout of the castle you storm changes each playthrough, with the option of locking the layout down at a loss of gold income.It has plenty to keep you occupied, ranging from blueprints of new armour and weapons to runes to empower your gear with a range of effects which greatly impact your chances of success. There are also permanent upgrades to your character and unlockable classes which count as ""levels"" for your characters which in turn scale the difficulty of the castle.Due to this, the game should become more difficult as it goes along, but in my experiences it didn't. As it's not perma-death, the more you play the more powerful you become to the point where it was much easier to survive than it was to die which is a shame as the game was initially challenging.Pros:  First playthrough very fun, lots of unlocks and character classes.Cons: Not much replayability, game potentially too easy end-game.8/10."
,Recommended,241600,8434066,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ZombieCurt,"An excellent experience. Fun, randomness, progression and challenge balance perfectly in a game that kept me engaged through the entire adventure. You MUST play this game with a controller for the best experience. The keyboard controls do not do it justice after you've used a game pad."
76561198001320256,Recommended,241600,8620019,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Sickboy,"PREPARE TO DIE - ALOT - IN 2D - SOMETIMES WHILE FARTING UPSIDE DOWN IN BLACK & WHITE - AS A DWARF SIZED LICH KING - should be the Box Quote of Rogue Legacy. Castlevania + Dark Souls is the simplest comparison I can make with a randomly generated 2D-style Castle filled to the brink with crazy traps, bountiful treasure and hoards of enemies who will test your patience and kill you over and over again.Luckily, there are multiple character classes (Barbarian, Assassin, Mage to name a few) to unlock with different stats and abilities as well as multiple randomized starting traits (Irritable Bowel Syndrome, Near-Sighted, Dwarfism, etc.) each with their own perks and disadvantages to keep you playing over and over again as you progressively get stronger and stronger with each play-through.The soundtrack is also really well done with each track matching the different areas of the castle albeit I do sometimes get sick of hearing the starting area music over and over again after constantly dying.In short, this completely randomized rogue-like game is fun, enjoyable in short bursts, supports multiple play-through's (thanks to NG+) and shouldn't take more than 10 hours to finish. Would totally recommend for anybody looking for a game to scratch a nostalgic Dark Souls itch."
,Recommended,241600,1545230,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,̧҉ ҉Minorou 💀,"It's a real shame your dyslexic hypochondriac barbarian king died 30 seconds in.  But hey, his son, the gigantic archmage with obsessive compulsive disorder might do better.  No?  Well, the archmage's daughter, the balding assassin with dwarfism seems promising-- oooh, maybe not.This game is addicting and great value for its price.  The combat is simple but effective, and the slow but steady progression makes you want to go ONE MORE RUN."
,Recommended,241600,8241523,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,An Atheist Jew,"Rogue Legacy is quite simply the best platformer I've played in years. It has virtually endless replayability and it's upgrade tree is vast, deep, and makes every playthrough feel worthwhile. You owe it to yourself to play this game. Everything about it is bloody brilliant.Except for Charon. ♥♥♥♥ that guy."
,Recommended,241600,8266059,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Lomeo,"Castlevania + rougelike elements + megamen x like controlls + progression system = somewhat oldschool awesomeness. Game takes around 12 hours to beat. I think it plays much better with a controller, since mouse accuracy is pretty much useless here, and you'll be mashing buttons a lot."
76561197999737264,Recommended,241600,8392953,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,gary,"I should dislike this game.  I should hate it.  You die... a LOT.  You lose the money you have collected every life.  Your character changes every life.  Sometimes the layout of the castle is downright obtuse and painful.  Sometimes everything seems to be against you.  And yet, this is an awesome game that if you stick with it will have you coming back for more over and over again.While everything can sometimes feel like it's against you dying is always your fault.  You either were not quick enough or didn't plan ahead or was too desperate to reach the chest.Respawning is quick and provides choice, will you be a vampire lich who leaches health from your kills or a giant mage?  There are many choices here all with their pros and cons.  And there are a multitude of ways to spend your money, do you focus on equipment and runes or skills?  (The skill tree is huge)  Combat is satisfying and the enemies are varied.  The boss battles are tough and rewarding, mini bosses are also a challenge.  There is a lot to explore and the randomized castle and dungeon layouts keeps things fresh.  You can't do anything by rote, you are always challenged and trying out new things.But the game isn't without issues.  Losing your remaining money everytime you enter the castle is downright annoying (you can lower the % amount via costly upgrades but it's still painful to lose 1000 coins).  Upgrades can cost too much which makes you sometimes feel like it's a grind.  Money isn't as plentiful as it could be and the randomized layouts mean that you can't go straight to tougher areas directly.  You can lock the layout but at a cost to how much money you recieve which negates the value.  It can also be hard to find the right balance between your character and equipment and sometimes the quirky traits your character has means that you just wish they would die so you can respawn (what value is there to everything being upside down?).  Allowing you to stockpile more money would be a definite improvement and perhaps having the castle and dungeons larger.  Letting you warp directly to previously found areas would also be a plus grinding through the main castle everytime can be a drag.Overall this is a very fun game with few downsides but you have to stick at it and get past the initial difficulty curve."
76561197969544001,Recommended,241600,359092,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,T0DdL3RT1CkL3R,This game is amazing if you like rogue-like games / metroid-vania's and don't mind dying.Not for the faint of heart.
,Recommended,241600,8246828,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Haywoot,"Right off the bat: I suck at challenging platformer games, but I'm already addicted to Rogue Legacy. Hopefully one day I'll manage to reach the end of this game, but even if I can't, I'm loving every bit of it. If you're like me and you're not sure if you'll like this game, grab it on sale just to test it out, but if you love challenging platformers and especially if you dig roguelike games, you gotta get this right away!"
,Recommended,241600,9123683,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Xandr,"As some people call this game an infinite grind, it's so wrong.It's a game where you progress through both skill and time, doing your best to collect the gold for the armor, weapons and skill points you need to kill the bosses to progress further into the next area.It's got a good story, that these games unusually have.It's one of those games that didn't get the attention it deserved."
,Recommended,241600,9339957,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Jornax,stupid game is pretty cool
,Recommended,241600,13210752,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Kareen Redeem,this game taught me you can be a hero even if you have dwafism. 12/10
,Recommended,241600,11245620,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,lolschrauber,"Nice 2D adventure game!+ Plenty of different classes unlockable+ Endless(?) playthroughs which get harder every time+ Different weapons, armors, and runes to find which unlock special abilities- Game could be a little longer, after a few playthroughs it gets a little boring- Leveling up can be tiresome, after death, you need enough money to buy an upgrade, because you'll lose all your money on re-entering the game"
,Recommended,241600,26912717,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kupo Kupo,"The very definition of a ""just one more run"" game! So fast, so fun, and perfectly tuned controls ensure every single death is your own fault."
,Recommended,241600,26822010,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xarlor,"Ghosts 'n Goblins meets roguelike but without the frustration of having to completely start over.  In fact, after dying you look forward to what whacky genetic trait your next child (playthough) gets.  It's an addicting feedback loop.  Great platformer, great roguelike, great ideas implemented smartly!"
,Recommended,241600,14770505,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Swaded,Rogue LegacyGame StageScoreEarly AccessN/ABetaN/AComplete/Updates7/10
,Recommended,241600,31268902,Posted: 20 April,all,Red Shirt,"It's a really fun game. The game at first annoyed the crap out of me because you had to die so much for your sons/daughters to actually become decent, however, after awhile the game becomes pretty fun. It's also fun to stream the game."
,Recommended,241600,19536609,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,lizzfizz420,You die so much in this game I eventually learned just to go with it and accept my death.This ♥♥♥♥ing game taught me not to fear death9/10
,Recommended,241600,6685235,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Lord Humungus,BUY NOW!!!!
,Recommended,241600,896755,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Milan Mree Frozen,"This game is decently fast paced and a more casual take on roguelikes. It's very hack and slashy and it's more about you dying than anything else, but it's procedurally generated dungeons and the way the fairy chest challengers are makes it a fairly good game.Graphics are pretty crap honestly. Most of them are just recolors and such, but the music is on the plus side.The story and plot to the game are sparse, but fairly refreshing. The ending is good an somewhat unexpected, but not top tier.Overall a pretty decent game that will keep you playing for a while. Worth around 10 to 15 bucks in my opinion."
,Recommended,241600,13812978,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Schnidel,It is fun to die 100k times.11/10
,Recommended,241600,7996346,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Holocaust,"Fun, fast-paced, easy to pick up and play. Neat little mechanics and it starts off with a steep learning curve, but pretty soon, you'll have memorized enemy behaviour and have outfitted yourself to the nines and be whizzing past the beginning areas. Seems like there is limited replayability, however as you tend to stay away from the bad traits of your descendants.Having a controller is a MUST."
,Recommended,241600,21776584,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Bazooka Tooth,"Love this, I can finally live my dream of being a knight who is gay, dyslexic and can only see in 2D. 10/10"
,Recommended,241600,21284513,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,breelolol,"It's really hard, but super addicting. A+"
76561197985072747,Recommended,241600,1040196,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Ace Ghols 'n Ghosts style rogue-like game. Death allows you to help future generations, which is a nice touch. There are a few different classes although everyone uses a sword, which is a bit lame. However, ther are different spells to use and different stated equipment to unlock.Controller enabled is a must."
,Recommended,241600,32748407,Posted: 24 June,all,davidmarksj,I have played this steam game more than any other game.  It is great fun.
,Recommended,241600,9483607,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,I feel nothing but death inside,more like legacy of the plot twist cuz we hate u
76561198123249458,Recommended,241600,11016372,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Zuko,A giant eyeball keeps killing me.10/10
76561198062532266,Recommended,241600,11551213,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Electric Soul,A very good and addicting game where the mechanics are always slightly differetnt with every life. Well worth the money and is very easy to replay.
76561197962027312,Recommended,241600,16099491,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dewokkel_NL,"One of the best games I have in my library. This game is so addicting, it made me skip nights. Do yourself a favor and buy this gem."
,Recommended,241600,16013845,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,[M]erc,"I started playing Rogue Legacy on a whim one day when none of my co-op friends were online and immediately got sucked into it. I really like pretty much everything about this game and would recommend it for pretty much everyone.The gameplay is solid, if you like 2D sidescrolling games. The combat is fluid, and the enemies are diverse. The different classes you unlock also give you some diversity in gameplay style and allow you to pick what you prefer (tanky vs fast vs magic) I really enjoy the presentation as well as the art style is clean and congruous, but they aren't afraid to play with things for fun.What really sets Rogue Legacy apart though is the character selection. As with a proper rogue-like, you will be dying a lot. Like, a lot. And once you do, you are giving the option of picking between 3 successors, with random rolled characteristics. The traits are interesting and add a really fun element to the game. I don't want to go into detail about what they do because it's fun to discover them, but it's a nice design that keeps the game fresh.Speaking of rogue-likes, this is how they should be. You expect to die constantly, but I rarely find it frustrating because that's part of the experience. The goal isn't to finish everything in one life, it's to live long enough to collect loot and gear to unlock permanent upgrades for your lineage. Thus, each attempt gives you a slightly better chance at getting farther the next time. The scaling works really well too. You will slow creep farther and farther into deeper areas, sometimes without even realizing right away that you're making progress. I'm finding that balance to be well executed as I can reasonably proceed to harder areas around the time I'm starting to find the area I've been playing in too easy.This is a game that it's easy to get sucked into. I often find myself playing for an hour or two longer than I planned on because I've unlocked something new and say ""just one more run before I quit"" several times in a row. It's fun, amusing, challenging, and gives you something to work towards. You really can't ask for more than that."
76561197967701293,Recommended,241600,14264460,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,GreyStrom,I had to uninstall the game to stop myself from playing it all day
,Recommended,241600,15069649,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Lyra,It's super duper hard and i'm a retard and can't get very far.
,Recommended,241600,15613319,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,AngEalsh,"It's undeniably a great game, but unfortunately the lack of variety when it comes to the locations (i.e. Castle, Forest, Dungeon - rinse and repeat) did tend to lessen my enjoyment on my subsequent playthrough.That said, it's highly addictive and the jump-in, jump-out style of gameplay makes it great to play during coffee breaks or when you're unable to commit a heftier chunk of time to a larger title. The simplistic controls definitely make it quite easy for even the most casual of gamers to get into, while also being somewhat difficult to master for those looking to dig deep into the base mechanics and speed-run like a crazed mofo.P.S. Bonus points for the full controller support, feels great with a pad."
,Recommended,241600,15393803,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Troy_Costisick,"Fun game!  It can be very frustrating at times, but it's fast pace and varied characters keep you interesting.  Don't play this if you have high blood preasure!  Otherwise, buy this!  It's a total blast! :)"
76561197960912290,Recommended,241600,25116543,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Vividnightmare,"A semi-perma death rogue like. I say semi because while the character dies for good, skills and upgrades carry forward. Very challenging, still never even beaten the second of four bosses myself. Has some excellent oddball character traits that really mix up the games play style or feel, some are just hilarious, others really increase the challenge even further. A great time killer."
,Recommended,241600,8111312,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,pizzaiolo_magico,"The gameplay never gets repetitive, you get random children with different abilities and the levels are always random. Besides that, my favorite thing about this game is its history. Its really hard to find a game with such a original and great history like this one, the game is pretty short but its worth every dime as the ending make you feel like you have really accomplished something. The treasure you were looking for is something really unexpected, which is also a strong point to add on its originality."
76561198066732270,Recommended,241600,8407255,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rami,"Fantastic Game! In it, Dying only makes you stonger ;)I was pleasntly surprised by the quality the game.9.5 out of 10.لعبة رهيبة لأبعد حد.. شريتها مخفضة لكنها تستاهل السعر كامل وبالراحة..ما راح تندم عليها إذا لك في ألعاب التو دي أبداً.."
,Recommended,241600,13479502,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Keasbey Days,I always wanted to be a gay Hokage with bad gas who also happened to be The One from the Matrix.  Who then gave birth to a color blind hypochondriac Lich.Real life is now even more boring.
,Recommended,241600,17006452,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,benjaS,"Nice rogue like game, very hard if you want to take all achievements, give you 30 of fun and rage."
,Recommended,241600,9312329,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ilonman,"Rogue Legacy is one of those games that is so simple, multiple layers of replayability and next thing you know you have spent 3 hours just to kill the first boss. It is one of those games that you play when you have to much time on your hands like terraira. It is hard to get started and to get the controls, monster, and items but when you do, you will burn hours of ""fun"" and totally not frustrating at all at times. I would recommend this game to anyone. Plus the controller port is great. I recommend you use a controller, it is just easier."
,Recommended,241600,13636213,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Beastly,Addicting
,Recommended,241600,11108635,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bieberhole the Great,"If you are into Metroidvania and roguelikes then you should definitely buy this game. The game is challenging but fair, though you will most definitely rage because you will die ALOT. It can be a bit of a grind trying to get gold to upgrade your skills and etc but I guess that adds to the replaybility. Get a controller because it'll make the platforming so much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,241600,27030323,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cheesepile,"Of the roguelikes I've played in recent years, this is definitely my fav."
,Recommended,241600,22638901,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Harley,"I ran forward through the castle complex, but no matter how hard I squinted, the world outside the small bubble of clarity around me remained blurry and out of focus. “Damn this short-sightedness,” I muttered before hacking at a beast in my path. Nothing. The damn blade passed right through it. Oh great, I’m seeing things again. Dementia’s a ♥♥♥♥♥.Welcome to Rogue Legacy, a game quite unlike anything else I’ve come across. Looking for all the world like a 2D action-platformer, behind the charming pixel art presentation is a consistently surprising experience, packing a dizzying array of variables.It’s all anchored by robust Roguelike game design, which means a procedurally generated world and perma-death. Each time you enter the castle, its layout and the challenge ahead will be different, and if you die, well, that’s the end of that hero - it’s time to send one of his heirs in to try and finish the job. Thankfully, the meta-game lets you spend any gold earned during the last run on your family’s fort, which means unlocking new classes and perks, and upping your stats for the next attempt.CaptionThe core sword and spell action-platforming is tightly designed.And boy, there’s going to be a lot of attempts. When you first start playing Rogue Legacy you might last a minute or two before succumbing to one of the ghouls, undead, or other nasties that lurk inside the castle complex. It’s a classic 30-second gameplay loop – hacking, slashing, running, jumping, dashing, evading, and spellcasting, repeated until you die. This core gameplay is compelling in and of itself - Rogue Legacy is wonderful to control provided you have a good gamepad - but to make true progress you’ll need to boost your stats, get better equipment and activate perks. Gradually your runs will get longer and longer. Then you’ll wander into a higher-level area and die almost instantly.The cycle of life, eh?It’s an excellent way to structure the challenge, and really puts the fear of god into you. You may be kicking♥♥♥♥♥in what amounts to Rogue Legacy’s foyer, but boy, you’re not ready for the forest yet, or – god forbid – the dank dungeons underneath the castle. This is a game where your best option is to turn and run away if you enter an area you’re not ready for. This is a game where it may be several hours before you beat the first boss – despite being able to reach it in a matter of minutes - and many more before you’re ready for the next. Good thing the bosses stay dead after you die, otherwise beating Rogue Legacy would be an even more distant prospect.CaptionThe bosses can be next to impossible with the wrong character, but as you'd expect, learning their attack patterns is key.Now, levelling up is all well and good, but Rogue Legacy has one very unique trick up its sleeve in addition to this. I’ve already mentioned that you send an heir in to continue the fight after each death, but you actually get a choice of three, and each has a random class, random spell, and random traits. Traits? Yup, and they’re glorious, surprising and bewildering. Ever played as a hero suffering from vertigo and OCD? How about a colour blind protagonist who also has Alzheimer’s? ADHD and dementia anyone? Tunnel vision and irritable bowel syndrome? The list goes on and on.The really clever part of this system is that many of these traits have significant gameplay ramifications: ADHD means you move faster, far-sightedness and near-sightedness leave areas of the screen blurry, and characters with dementia will hear things and see enemies that aren’t there. Dwarves, meanwhile, are so light and small they don’t activate spiked floor panels and can access areas no other characters can.Of course, some traits really have been included just for fun. Dyslexia, for instance, means any in-game text is garbled, while a character with coprolalia (Tourette’s syndrome) will swear any time he or she gets hit. Heroes with hypochondria, on the other hand, will have much larger numbers pop up any time they take damage, while you’ll probably avoid vertigo at all costs – unless you’re a masochist – because who wants their world to be upside down? Getting your head around the traits system is all about working out what comes with meaningful changes to the world and how that factors into your play style.The world near long-sighted heroes is out of focus.Cool, right? And that’s really just a taste – there’s plenty more for you to discover when you play it yourself... which you absolutely should. The traits are just one facet, too. Once you factor in the ten classes and all the spells characters can have, the list of potential combinations is incredibly long.It really is pot luck, and no matter how far through the meta-game you are, you will never know exactly what to expect. Of course, the further in you are, the more you’ve honed your skills and come to know how best to use each class, trait, and spell, and – crucially – how to select the random character that you can best utilise.The learning curve is right on the money, and almost every run has something to teach you, whether it’s an epic boss-killing mission with a heaven-sent character that’s able to survive a wide-roaming journey through the castle, or an abject, miserable failure with the best of a bad bunch. Mind you, the random nature of Rogue Legacy won’t be to everyone’s tastes - getting a series of dud characters can definitely feel punitive at times, as opposed to a learning experience.CaptionEvery class differs in core stats and special ability, while equipment and enchantments are class agnostic.Thankfully, the mix of enemies is quite compelling. Each area introduces new enemies - ninjas in Hannya masks, headless horses that charge the player - as well as fresh variants on old designs. Juggling a set of monsters with their own disparate attack patterns is a big part of the challenge. The five bosses represent a good mix of bullet hell and precision platforming too, whether you’re facing a huge flaming skull or a gigantic gelatinous blob.The castle holds more surprises than just rooms full of enemies. Special rooms abound, including carnival games, shrines, mini-boss battles, and plenty more. Perhaps the most interesting, however, are the fairy chest rooms. Each has a very specific challenge for you to beat. Kill everything! Get to the chest without jumping! Don’t fight! Don’t take damage! You get the idea.Unlocking a fairy chest will net you a rune that can be equipped for specific perks, like air-jumping, dashes, limited flight, extra gold, reflecting damage taken back onto enemies, gaining health/mana from kills, and so on. Best of all, these runes stack. So if you want to, you can spec your character with highly customised ability sets. Multiple air-jumps? Don’t mind if I do!While some of the fairy chest rooms can be conquered by almost any character, others require particular traits or sets of runes. Thankfully, you can use the Architect - one of three characters unlocked via your fort (alongside the Smithy and Enchantress) - to lock down the layout of the castle for successive attempts. He’s a great inclusion, and indicative of Rogue Legacy’s ability to balance random elements with tight, fair game design.In fact, if that balance was wrong, this game wouldn’t be anywhere near as compelling. It’s a testament to Cellar Door Games that the team was able to juggle so many elements and make it work.It’s one hell of a meaty undertaking too. The most adept players will be able to beat it in about 15 hours, whereas I sunk in considerably more time than that. It’s a lot of gaming for only $15 (USD $17 on PlayStation), and once you’ve finished your first play-through, New Game + awaits, which lets you keep all your stats, weapons and runes, but gives you a much harder variant of the castle to beat.9/10"
,Recommended,241600,14398860,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Dani,"*clap* *clap* *clap*Congratulations, Cellar door, you may don't know it, but you made a game that (at least for me) is almost perfect!The impression I had while playing this game is that the developers thought trought about everything, i mean, they even gave an explanation for your hundreds of deaths in a rogue-like game! I bought this game in a sale, because I didn't know it was THAT good, if I knew earlier, i would have bought full price. It totally worth it!Gameplay is awesome, the puzzles are great, the art is cute, the story and content are funny and everything else was very well made. THE ONLY THING I think it could be better was the music. It's cool, but I think that if had something like castlevania symphony of the night this game would be perfect.I was really impressed by this game, every class this game have, forces you to think of a new combat strategy and different gameplay, even when you think you found the ""best character"", you'll realise that with the right upgrades, other classes could be the best! The balance is great!Also the new game+ gives you a whole new gameplay, because it's challenging and the enemies are very different from the normal new game.If you like rogue-like games, I strongly recommend Rogue Legacy. For me, it's one of the best game in the genre that was released so far.Congratulations again, Cellar Door. You really did a incredible job in this game!ps: forgive me for the ""engrish"""
,Recommended,241600,12938789,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Bawls of Steel,It's the hardest game I've ever played.
,Recommended,241600,23271138,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,goofy_wheels,"This is a very interesting game. At its roots it's quite simple really; it plays very much like Mega Man. However, the sheer amount of variety is staggering, Every time I think that I have seen it all, something new surprises me. At every corner it is hilarious, fun and challenging. Whether you are a casual game like me or if you're a hardcore gamer, this game will not disappoint. Shoutout to I.B.S. lol"
,Recommended,241600,10709104,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,u.u | CSGORage.com,Great Rogue like game
,Recommended,241600,17887738,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Dead Zebra,im terrible at this game.
,Recommended,241600,8287025,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,SKeptiK,You can be gay in this game.11/10
,Recommended,241600,13515571,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[TrendyEnt] iamisom,"Rogue Legacy has one of the most addictive gameplay loops I've ever experienced. Combining an RPG progression system with permadeath sounds perplexing on paper, but in action, it's absolute genius. This is easily one of my favorite games, and I hope everyone gives it a chance."
,Recommended,241600,32327621,Posted: 10 June,all,The Medic,"EXTREMELY DIFFICULT, DO NOT PLAY UNLESS YOU ACTUALLY HAVE SOME SKILL, UNLIKE ME.Great game, Great graphics, just.... too hard. like, wayyyyy too hard. It's just not for me.And plus, Mike Fluff has a good point, i don't want to be a **** to the devs, this is a great game, just not for me, maybe it's good for you."
,Recommended,241600,32746527,Posted: 24 June,all,Ryan G,"Hey! You realise I must work at some point, yes?Damn addictive game."
,Recommended,241600,30126822,Posted: 23 February,all,LOUD CLOUD ☁,Fun on a bun!
,Not Recommended,241600,9491715,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,DaBlanka,"Rogue Legacy is a platformer roguelike combined with RPG elements. During each run of the castle, it is possible to find new equipment and bonuses that are permanent. The next run through the castle you normally can buy a new stat or skill or some piece of equipment.The best way to find rare blueprints for the good equipment is by using a shrine in hopes to get a compass that will lead to a otherwise invisible room with 1 or 2 blueprints. However, this shrine also gives out CURSE OF THE HEDGEHOG. This curse causes you to lose hundreds of gold every time you take damage. If the gold doesn't land on spikes or impossible to reach places, it can be picked up again. When you receive this curse, the best thing to do unfortunately is to suicide on a monster while trying to pick up as much of your gold as possible. If this occurs in a low level area, it is even more annoying if your character has a lot of hit points left and a good armor rating.There is no mod to get rid of this ""feature"" and the game doesn't have steam workshop. The only way to advance your character is with gold, after you die. If you try to continue playing through a run with the curse on, it will not be a good use of your time or fun picking up tons of gold every single time any damage is taken.If the game was patched so that when instead of getting CURSE OF THE HEDGEHOG your character just lost 10% of his gold and instantly died while a big middle finger was displayed on the screen it would be an improvement.When running the game on OSX operating system, exiting the game will not shut it down. It has to be force quitted, or will continue running in the background and steam will record it as time played. The OSX version also suffers from periodic freezes or stutters. These usually aren't too bad, but it can mess up a boss fight or tricky jump.Other than that the game is fun and has a good soundtrack. It is fun to finish a run and go back into the castle with a new character and try out a new combination of gear. Hopefully the bad things are patched out at some point."
,Recommended,241600,10439649,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Dr. Ballsweat,"Is like constantly running at lover in slow motion only to trip and fall in front of her, slamming face into prongs of pitchfork."
,Recommended,241600,10457132,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Jona,10/10 would Rogue again.
76561198059516108,Recommended,241600,10461042,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,heartofbone,"As a large female with IBS and a beard, I can't tell you how nice it is to finally be accurately represented in a video game."
76561197960458692,Recommended,241600,9066453,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,[M8] DCLu,Very fun game if you like this style. Good price for a good game.
,Recommended,241600,9036916,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Squigglypuff,I cant believe i unlocked every upgrade in the castle.  the boss final forms are just never going to happen tho.Power level is over 9000.
,Recommended,241600,10550133,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,mojo,I can't win at this game. I beat the first boss after dying like a million times.
76561198069397873,Recommended,241600,10637502,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,dominicrainbolt,A great game to play every once in a while
,Recommended,241600,10647383,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Piter,awesome game with a nice playability i do recomend to buy this game
76561198044665216,Recommended,241600,10720344,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BrownIverson,"If you would like to smash your brand new K70 and monitor, buy this game and cry."
76561198024956394,Recommended,241600,10765016,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,muddybrown,Fun Stuff. Even when you die.
76561198000632818,Recommended,241600,10769824,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nightshade,Great Game
76561198036038753,Recommended,241600,10768857,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,shawferd,worth every penny!
,Recommended,241600,10772458,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Silver Fox,I ended up spending about 20 hours on this game.  Grab it when on steam sale.  played with a controller.
,Recommended,241600,10783948,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Garrosh Hellsream,REALY COL GEAM I LEIKE!!
76561198125506383,Recommended,241600,10792129,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,gchwood,Absurdly addictive and frustratingly fun.
,Recommended,241600,10421081,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Loliebayed,"This game was a blast for me.  Tough yet beatable, different layout every run, different character every run.  The controls are simple, responsive, and clean.  I'm kind of surprised I *only* put 27 hours into this game.  I might have to pick it back up sometime."
,Recommended,241600,11050738,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,JunkSt✮r,"TO BUY OR NOT TO BUY: Rogue Legacyby JunkStarPROS:✭Challenging, but has a nice character progression✭Optional ""Neo"" bosses for the worthy✭Both enemies and character classes feel unique✭Innovative gameplay- progressing your character through lineage has been masterfully accomplishedCONS:✭Difficulty can be intimidating to the casual gamer✭Lineage feels less specialized as you can buy most every skill in New Game +✭Some classes are generally useless in NG++ and beyondFINAL DECISION: Buy. This. Game. As far as Castlevania-esque dungeon crawlers go, this one is unique. Progression through your lineage is well done. It's an absolute blast. Oh- don't be confused by the ""Rogue"" part of the title. There are several classes to play from.  :)"
76561198031694130,Recommended,241600,12318175,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Kitriel,Great game to binge play. Die alot and revel at the funny mechanics for each Character. Build your ledgend but start over every time.
76561198073482788,Recommended,241600,14243076,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Big Dad On Campus,"Became a bald, gay, female hokage.11/10."
76561198106049688,Recommended,241600,11065349,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,pally,"Rogue Legacy is very addicting. You will be playing this game for hours in love for the unique style of the gameplay. The gameplay in my opinion is very well and smooth.Bugs: The only one I found is that when teleporting you automatically go to the room below your destination if the bottom of the floor is an entry point into a different room. This does not ruin the game, in about 99% of the cases you cane immediatly jump right back up.Overall I'd give this game a 9/10. Unique and fun and i only acquired one minor bug."
,Recommended,241600,12961411,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sugoi,Ridiculously addicting. must play.
,Recommended,241600,9068352,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Kenzie Profit,IS SO RLY GUD GUISE YOU HAVE TO PLAY OMG
,Recommended,241600,1555519,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,HoosTrax,"Just wanted to leave a note that this game behaves oddly if you're playing at 144fps (or 120fps, or just higher than 60fps in general), due to what sounds like unfixable XNA issues. Some enemies move at super-speed and are nearly undodge-able as a result.Other than that, great game, probably my favorite rogue-like of all time."
,Recommended,241600,7860959,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Dush! #FishFingerTing,"this game is incredible! so grab your parents, grab your kids and just sit down and play for 1000 hours non stop! as this is the most repetitive game you will ever play, you will NOT get bored. every time you play it always has RANDOM enemies, RANDOM characters and RANDOM rooms. so get your whole family to join the the world wide sensation that is ROGUE LEGACY!!!"
76561198113007697,Recommended,241600,10867976,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,EchoDerp,"This has honestly been one of the most fun and interesting games I have played in a while. From the beautiful pixel art to the fun gameplay, It was well worth the 4$ I paid for it in summer sale."
,Recommended,241600,13158693,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Eggbot,"It's a good game for people who like a mix of adventure, survival and trial and error.And the graphics look like Terraria's"
,Recommended,241600,25180071,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ulvhamne,Simple and well put together rogue-like platformer with a sprinkling of childish humor. I love it.
,Recommended,241600,7988115,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Voyager IV,"This game is awesome. It's easily becoming one of my favorite games, and has unique gameplay. To simplify this amazing game: You start as a knight and you must defeat the enemies and bosses throughout the castle. Easy right? Nope! This is extremely challenging and you WILL die, more than 10 times at LEAST. When you die, you pass on your stats and money to your child (Grown up, of course). You have multiple children to choose from, each with their own unique traits like Dwarfism (Shrinking you down), ADHD (Making you move faster) or being bald (I dont believe it does anything to affect you, haha)! You then can upgrade stats, buy runes, armor, or save the last castle, and you're off to start again! But wait! Before you start the castle, you lose all your money. And you start up again, rinse and repeat. And this style never seems to get old! I love this game and I'm sure you would too, it's well worth the $15."
76561198017033386,Recommended,241600,8521444,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,DOOM,this game is really good. its almost like a nintendo dark souls.
,Recommended,241600,7826770,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,dab_dan,"This game is simply amazing. It is so intresting that every hero isnt the smae, but can be good or bad. You have to decide if ones traits are good or bad for yourself. This game is also very hard. It takes alot of practice to beat a boss or get new gear.It is also a nice touch that the deungeons are all randomly generated. This is a must buy!"
,Recommended,241600,18286036,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Valv Vader,Quirky game. Fun and I managed to mash out the castle once before moving on.
,Recommended,241600,8481774,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Roxorz,"I really like this game, but it can lose some of its charm when you feel like you've seen most of the traits that the characters can have..."
76561198064373241,Recommended,241600,8515110,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Aubs the Destroyer,This is a great game. Seriously haven't had this much fun with a game in a long time.
76561198055814197,Recommended,241600,14325718,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Krauvando,You need to farm money in order to help your children become stronger.Awesome real life simulator 10/10.
,Recommended,241600,10758758,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Arisonas,have you ever wanted to play a touhou game as a knight with irritable bowel syndrome?? neither have i but here it is
,Recommended,241600,19664325,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Only­Fails,"First 3 hours was fun until I reached my skill cap and couldn't collect anymore coins to progress.I replayed the game a few times but got bored of the repitition seen how theres only 1 or 2 game mechaincs and just the castle level without enough skill to see more.But it's just not going to be fun after you feel the repition sink in.Say I'm bad at video games but if you are too probably best to stay away from it lol.Pretty fun for a couple of short hours, if you see it on sale for $5 I would pick it up then."
,Recommended,241600,17048836,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,RainbowNoot~,The only game where you sometimes love killing yourself
,Recommended,241600,2714560,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Jeefk0,"Now that I completed Rogue Legacy  for the 1 time, I'm competent enough to recommend it. It's an oldschool time-consuming random-based rogue-like game with amazing music, why wouldn't anybody want to buy it?"
,Recommended,241600,10422305,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,roguefrog,"A Rogue-LITE SHMUP/Platformer meatgrinder.  This is not a true to form roguelike...even on the level of FTL or Binding of Issac where each playthrough is a self-contained journey to greatness or fatalistic doom where knowledge gained is the progression.  On the contrary,  your past heroes directly fund future hero successes.  And you will be stacking dead heroes a mountain high before surmounting the dungeons and taking on the grand foozle."
,Recommended,241600,7963034,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,slofish,great game
,Recommended,241600,8513494,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TheKingOfSilence,This is probably one of the most entertaining and addicting games I have played in a while.
,Recommended,241600,8583721,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Kowalsky,Espetacular!
76561198047274623,Recommended,241600,8515829,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Mcuseless,"Awww,yissss."
,Recommended,241600,8483812,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,dankey kang,good game
76561198028538536,Recommended,241600,8548581,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Daniel the Disabled Daredevil,"Lots of fun with tons of replay ability, its a tough game with great controls."
76561198067620002,Recommended,241600,13866219,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,CivilSeinfeld,"I love this game but dont be misled by the title. There are no Rogue Legs.EDIT: just saw the ""acy"" part this game is pretty good"
,Recommended,241600,10797048,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kifli,"amazing game , really fun roge ""light"" bilded around the idea that you will die.... a lot and it is ok not frustrating start from the buttom as usually."
,Recommended,241600,10437394,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,LePotatoCorgi,"This game takes an approach to roguelikes that I didn't really see before - for one, you will die a LOT early on, most bosses are nearly unbeatable before you get anywhere. But when you die you get to upgrade, to pick a new hero, to explore a new dungeon.The trick is to accumulate as much gold, blueprints and runes as you can early on (remember to spend as much gold as you can as it gets taken away from you when you enter the dungeon again). Get to learn the controls, the enemies and the patterns of the various rooms that there are. Purchased upgrades, runes and blueprints that you found gets carried over to your next hero, so with each run you will be a little stronger.If you like roguelikes I can only recommend this game, definitely. But don't expect to make a no-deaths speedrun - it's as close to impossible as it can be."
76561198000180443,Recommended,241600,8051051,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Souup,Boss tru fun
,Recommended,241600,8063714,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Adam,"Very fun, buy it"
,Recommended,241600,13661642,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,hentai_priest,A thoughtful mix of side-scrolling platformer and roguelike. Great replayability. Much fun.
76561198049653894,Recommended,241600,5430928,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Darkrachet,THIS GAME IS REALLY GOOD.  MAKES BINDINGS OF RNG LOOK LIKE PURE♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241600,8063036,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,MAJ0R HAV0K,You die a lot.
,Recommended,241600,1040963,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,kronotross,"IN THIS GAME YOU PLAY A FAMILY OF NINJAS, BARBARIANS, AND WIZARDS STORMING A CASTLE FULL OF DEATH FOR MONEY AND POWER AND ALL THE TIME IT'S FIREBALLS AND SWORDS AND MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GHOST PAINTING ♥♥♥♥♥UCKERS FLYING AROUND YOUR HEAD AND YOUR FAMILY IS FULL OF DWARVES AND GIANTS AND LESBIANS AND SOMETIMES YOU ARE FIGHTING A GIANT EYEBALL SHOOTING BLOOD AND YOU ARE LIKE YOU PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥EYEBALL WILL YOU DO THE PATTERN WHERE IT'S JUST GOING AROUND IN A CIRCLE SO I CAN POGO SWORD ON TOP OF YOU BUT OTHERTIMES YOU'RE LIKE YEAH ♥♥♥♥ YOU YOU GARBAGE LANCE KNIGHT I READ YOUR GODDAMN BOOK AND NOW YOU LOOK LIKE A FOOL TIME TO GO REMODEL MY MANSION AND ENCHANT MY BODY WITH RUNES OF POWER BEFORE GOING BACK IN TO FIGHT MORE DEMON NINJAS AND FLAMING HORSES. ALSO THERE IS A SAD CLOWN.34 DEAD RELATIVES OUT OF 41."
76561198045805785,Recommended,241600,16882219,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,nickgreen90,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ I first found an interest in it from watching Nilesy play it all the way through. For a while I thought there was was no reason to play it myself, seeing as watching it had fullfilled my interest.I was ♥♥♥♥ing wrong.When I bought the game on steam sale, I totally thought I would get bored of playing something I had watched around 20 hours worth of, but that quickly proved untrue. From minute 1 I was hooked. I logged close to 20 hours within the first few days of playing. The gameplay is fantastic, the rewards are incredibly satisfying, and you can play as a goddamn dragon. A DRAGON. Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥Now I do have some legit complaints:1. My♥♥♥♥♥♥almost exploded with excitement.2. There late game. There's plenty of content, sure, as well as New Game + and New Game ++, but you never end up feeling completely overpowered. You'll never be completely invincible, or anywhere near it. When you start to approach the land of darkness for the first time, you'll realize just how little your upgrades have actually done. While it's good that it's still a game with challenges all the way through, there comes a point where you should just let players have their godlike fun. You never really get that with this game. You may even peter out because of the difficulty in some places. That said, it's still really fun.3. After a while, the game starts to feel really repetitive, especially in conjuction with the above. Now don't get me wrong, it takes a LONG ♥♥♥♥ING time for that to happen. You'll be a good ways past 10 or 15 hours before you start to feel any real wear. However, it will set in eventually. Part of it I feel is that the skill progression and unlocks stop before you ever actually beat the game in most cases. Toss in a few more classes and unlocks and I'd be willing to play for another 20 hours maybe. But as is, it can get really grindy.4. The neo bosses SUCK♥♥♥♥♥ They're cool and all, but they're impossible to beat. The fights are unfair in every sense of the word. Slower computer and/or slower players WILL NOT BE ABLE TO BEAT THEM. At least not without a cheat engine. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is worse than dark souls. Like, 20 times worse. No ♥♥♥♥ it, 70 TIMES WORSE. At least dark souls gave you a chance. The neo fights don't let you boost or anything. You're given a preset character with abilities unaffected by your upgrades and are expected to somehow manuever through a bullet hell in close quaters. It's not fun. At all. I actually cried from frustration before saying ♥♥♥♥ it and installing a cheat engine.So, despite how much I loved playing it, this game has some definite issues. Which is why, instead of giving it the full 10/10, I'm taking off 2 points and giving it an 8/10.You should still definitely ♥♥♥♥ing play it though."
,Recommended,241600,19325902,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Winstontaneous,"This is a test but I'll just put a few notes down here:The main bosses can be beaten as long as you have a grasp of the game's mechanics and pick an appropriate class,The 'redux' bosses are really finger-gymnast trials.Music is good, minigames, the fourth-wall-breaking by the game devs with their art galleries of previous endeavors.OK this review posted but Steam won't let me review Bound by Flame, wtf?"
,Recommended,241600,16115897,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,CookieNoir,Big and full-of-fun game. Recommend this!
,Recommended,241600,30188402,Posted: 25 February,all,Canas_Druid #PSUISCOMING,Playing this game makes you learn a lot of types of phobias
,Recommended,241600,19341322,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,W1n5t0n,The game gets a little repetitive but other then that it is a new game with a classic feel. Great game if you only have a laptop as it only uses the keyboard.
,Recommended,241600,9408709,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sinful Creature,As addicting as crack. N-not like I've ever d-done crack...
,Recommended,241600,9877325,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Baddy,tenouttaten
,Recommended,241600,27194937,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fiogol,Game never gets old.  Was and still is very fun to play.
76561198113047528,Recommended,241600,11145994,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,KingFencePost,only one word needed to this describe this gamePHENOMENAL!
,Recommended,241600,23404484,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,nooky ✪,"don't listen to the filthy casuals that give negative reviews. it's good, buy it."
,Recommended,241600,16542146,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fapping and Crapping,There are two certanties in life; Bruce Jenner was always a woman from birth and this is the greatest game ever made. Praise Gaben
,Recommended,241600,9091109,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Knight Artorias,"This is a mashup of Castlevania and a 2D Dark Souls.  There are many rogue like elements, including random dungeon generation, random offspring generation, permadeath, and a high degree of difficulty.  There is of course newgame+ and more so the replayability is way above the 20 hours it took me to beat.  I have no complaints about this game, it deserves to be in your library as one of the best 2D games of this generation.  Seriously, go out and buy it, because it is wildly addictive and a joy to play."
,Recommended,241600,9382754,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Weegeetnik (RomWatt),"A Rogue-like platformer where when you die, it's definitive, and you must chose a descendant to continue. Fortunately, you can upgrade your level with treasures and runes."
,Recommended,241600,16997352,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Lord Samwell,"This game is great.. a must buy, It is not the kind of game I would usually play but I picked it up in a sale and loved every minute of it. It has some really fresh ideas in it and it is the perfect 'pick up and play' game. Similarly to games like Hotline Miami it can be super frustrating at times but due to a quick restart, and a healthy amount of items and upgrades, it never feels like a chore to go through the castle just one more time."
,Recommended,241600,16998622,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,mianosm,"This game was on sale (80% off on 2015, July 11), went to buy it: and I already owned it. It looked good enough to buy twice.So after nearly buying the game a second time, got to play it for 1.3 hours - and I have to say....great purchase! Rogue-like for sure...tough to figure out/get the hang of it though."
,Recommended,241600,16293347,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Major Zero,you die a lot but you keep going and you keep dying and when you don't die you get  happy about it
76561197982432567,Recommended,241600,17002590,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,pan77tera,"So never having played a ""Roguelike"" game before...I didn't know what to expect.  50 deaths later I am a Gigantic intensely farting Lesbian Queen Barbarian......and I like it.10/10.  Warning: You will lose many hours of the day on this."
76561198032919000,Recommended,241600,17103232,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Kuryux,"Ever wished you could play with gay barbarian who is afraid of chickens? Or a near-sighted Hokage? Maybe an archmage who cant cant spells properly cause he is ambilevous? No? Well, but now you can! And its awesome."
76561198108812806,Recommended,241600,16999231,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,leegamer112,Probably the best platformer i have ever played i highly recomend this game to anyone who likes platformers and semi difficult games
,Recommended,241600,16512858,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ｐｉｌｓｓ  ＼＼,"If you need to hack n slash, and you want to do it the fun way, this is your game."
,Recommended,241600,8658914,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Grahamtams,Get it now!
,Recommended,241600,208138,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Malts,"As a Castlevania-fan I recommend this... Of the 2d Castlevanias that is. The 3d ones can still go to hell.This game is basically a randomized metroidvania. So if that's your thing, you should find your wallet."
,Recommended,241600,10601804,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cattiv0,2D Darksouls. Controls were a little dodgy
76561198067325188,Recommended,241600,11146837,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Monkey of Death Potatoes,"It's like dark souls but with terrible hitboxing, a randomly generated map, more forgiving, less story, 2D, gay people, clowns, stupid ♥♥♥♥ing terrible dragons, giant eyeballs that shoot blood, headless chicken enemies, enemies that can shoot throw walls when they shouldn't, a jukebox, quintuple jumps, bullet hells, low res spider webs, your children dying over and over again, ponce de leon, the fountain of youth, godamn getting killed when going through a door, asteroids, santa claus, the dovakhin essentially not dark souls at all.tenouttaten"
76561198059673721,Recommended,241600,11087629,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Roldert,ehhh 6/10 but none the less interesting storyline hard as all crap starting up but none the less kinda a good game
,Recommended,241600,10456165,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Gluten Free Bunn,Fun and endless amounts of frustration that makes you want to keep playing till you have mastered the simplest of things such as a small jump to avoid your doom and poke an eyeball!
76561197974105196,Recommended,241600,10467470,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,eblerock18,too much fun!
76561198048341927,Recommended,241600,10635515,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,King Redeem,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,241600,14048401,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,...,"Mangina breaking roguelike platfomer,"
,Recommended,241600,10428754,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Slangs,This game is incredibly fun! it's also endlessly fun tooGameplay is real simple !I also enjoy this :D
76561197970713701,Recommended,241600,16386691,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Den Einauga Banditten,Great fun!
76561198191053057,Recommended,241600,17185055,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Kiyoshiro,At first I thought the game was easy. But I was wrong.
,Recommended,241600,16358975,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sqwanch,"Super fun game, but controls can be difficult without a controller."
76561198031354605,Recommended,241600,16381123,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,HISTORY TEACHER,"Rogue Legacyis a Rouge-like/Rogue-lite type game where you play as a descendant of a family member that tries to explore a castle in hopes of finding answers, monsters, and loot. Every time you die on your character, you start a brand new one as another descendant, while keeping your upgrades along the way.The graphics are very cartoony, and fit the game very well. The game doesn't take itself too seriously, so you'll find a few jokes in character traits that you'll discover along the duration of the game.Most of the bosses in Rogue Legacy are challenging, but at the same time very fun to play against. Except Bizarro Alexander IV. Seriously. God I hate that boss. I'm still salty about it.This is one of my favorite games though, play it, it's totally worth it.ACHIEVEMENTSThis game's achievements are pretty fun to get. None are out of reach or take too long to get as you're beating the game. Some of the achievements may require you to start a New Game + depending on how you play the game. Overall, 100%ing the game took me about 30 hours total."
,Recommended,241600,16383650,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sanger,10/10
76561198127312977,Recommended,241600,16841898,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,7.,fun but so hard to play :(
76561198081121432,Recommended,241600,16366975,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Superhandle,"Great game, really love how it all plays adn the RNG is OP"
76561198084086732,Recommended,241600,17027539,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,pclouds,I keep dying. I keep playing. Gold gold gold...
,Recommended,241600,16371426,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BlacKcuD,The real original fantastic Rogue experience. No (and I mean f*cking no) level is the same. The castle is a remorseless cave of agonizing death.Diablo + Dark Souls + Super Meat Boy = Rogue Legacy!
,Recommended,241600,16861212,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Grendorf The Master Of Disaster,"One of the best ""rouge-like"" i have played, would be even better if i didnt stink at it and i had a decent controller, the dashing does not feel good on the keyboard.also, would be awesome with workshop and mod support!"
76561198094320831,Recommended,241600,8512392,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ImaginaryNomad,i'm so bad at this game but can't stop playing it......9/10 must buy
76561197968184168,Recommended,241600,8650560,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,LeGrey,"+ fun+ challenging but not impossible+ controls work+ game mechanics work- ""Why do I do this again?""< 4 / 5 >"
76561198033055337,Recommended,241600,7800317,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,khaosklng,Didn't take long to know this game is great. A really hard platformer where one of the central mechanics is your inevitable death. A controller is better for this game than a keyboard in my opinion.
,Recommended,241600,7837937,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Kinglm,"This game is really hard, but if you like the Binding of Isaac (which i love) you are gunna like this game. Worth the 15 dollar price tag, but only if you have the money to spend already and have nothing else in mind. Try getting it when its down to 5-8 bucks or lower, that is DEFINATELY worth the money."
,Recommended,241600,7948061,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Mc.Rad,"Barbarin King= Sucess, no matter what"
76561198065167685,Recommended,241600,7948954,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,GodlyTeapotsEtc,"Loving this game. It's tough and painful, but rewarding and addictive. It's like Ghouls n Ghosts meets Dark Souls. The music is great, too. If you are a fan of challenging, old-school side-scrolling platformers like Ghouls n Ghosts and Mega Man with RPG elements, you will love this game."
,Recommended,241600,8321240,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Aquizit,"MORE PEOPLE SHOULD OWN THIS GAME. Fun super replayable action platformer. Simple to learn, almost impossible to master. Hours of fun. HIGHLY recommended. Music is awesome too."
,Recommended,241600,8369044,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Def Maka,"So funny and adictive, nice graphics and a nice progression system.It doesn't end up as frustrating as other similar titles, it plays nice and it makes you crave for just another run.If you get on sale it's totally worth it."
,Recommended,241600,8421845,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Vespiion,"Combining the elements of a roguelike game with those of an action RPG, Rogue Legacy is one of the most addicting and challenging games of 2013."
,Recommended,241600,8208591,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,theromulans,"A very well done, fun platformer with some awesome (and sometimes hilarious) randomness. I love the way the ""death"" mechanic works and how it drives forward your approach to how you play the game in a unique way.The way you power-up the more you play the game is very nicely achieved, and every boost you obtain on each of your runs is absolutely essential to making further progress. In this way the game can seem a little 'grindy', however thankfully moving through the world and dispatching the various enemies and room combinations is hardly grindy. The combinations of pickups you can obtain is great and keeps you interested.Absolutely recommended."
76561198119057205,Recommended,241600,8234260,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,jumping_kangourou,awesome fun for metroidvania lovers!
,Recommended,241600,8240936,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SlamVanderhuge,"A spirited, enjoyable roughlike grind that's plays like a mix between Infinity Blade and Caslevania. Plenty of challenge without the frustration, offering feeliings of true accomplishment as you blast through the death-defying demons that await."
76561197970806042,Recommended,241600,8246864,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Camb3h,"Fantastic, an very challenging game, that goes OK with a keyboard but is just begging to be used with a controller. Just don't forget to spend all your money before entering the castle!"
,Recommended,241600,8368065,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Silvalinionisis,"Way, WAY better than I expected."
,Recommended,241600,8383600,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Org,"This game will force you to turn in your ""I'm good at platformers"" card."
76561198010333260,Recommended,241600,8460588,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sensual Unicorn,9/10Great game. I would highly recommend to anyone who is interested in a casual rogue-like game with addicting gameplay.
,Recommended,241600,8597794,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Windul,a unique roguelike game with well designed gameplay.  Rogue legacy has a lot of depth becuase of the class an the traits that each heir possesses.  The randomly generated levels add a lot for replayability but sometimes screw you over by throwing near impossible level near the start stunting you progressition at higher levels.  The game is also very challenging and some players may hit a certain point where skill is nesseasry to progress because all gold is lost at the begining of each run. If you can get past the level of difficulty you are in for a well designed RPG with fantasting class upgrades adding to replayability 8.5/10.
76561198056791730,Recommended,241600,8655509,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Kung Fu Kenny,Angry game
,Recommended,241600,7541538,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,KWiP,"If You grew up playing games in the NES-SNES era, you'll love Rogue Legacy. The controls are tight, the mechanics are compelling, and the challenge is satisfying.Once you beat the game, see how many plusses you can complete before you give up (I'm only on Game++, and it's already ridiculous). Alternatively, you can restart from the beginning and see how few heirs you can beat the game with."
,Recommended,241600,7800736,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Shabadoo,"Rogue Legacy is a pretty awesome game. If you have ever played the game ""1,000,000"" you will know the upgrade system of Rogue Legacy. I would call it Inch-by-Inch; basically everytime you play you get enough gold for a little upgrade which allows you to get slightly further the next run. The game is well enough made that it doesn't depend on the Inch-by-Inch system though; a little skill goes a long way in Rogue Legacy! I've noticed that some of the room puzzles or room designs in Rogue Legacy are unbeatable unless you have certain skills or equipment equipped and some room layouts are impossible or next to impossible to accomplish without taking damage which is kinda cool because it adds an element of thought to the game, you need to know when to keep going and when to stop and backtrack and find another route.If you are thinking about getting Rogue Legacy then be prepared to die, because dieing is the name of the game. It is quite literally built into the foundation of the game. Each time you have to choose from 3 of your previous warriors offspring which can have unique classes, skills, or disabilities. The 3 you choose from are randomly generated and you won't always get a good one which is a neat aspect of the game because it adds a challenge; but theres also the chance you will get the exact perfect character for YOU which is awesome when it happens.This is a particularly challenging Rogue-like game which is great because I hate when I beat a game in a couple of hours like I did with the game ""1,000,000"". This game has slow progression but the progression never gets to a standstill where you are bored.I have been anticipating playing this game since it came out but didn't get it until now because I was waiting for the pricepoint to lower. I am proud to say this game is almost exactly what I pictured. I would award this game between a 8/10 or a 9/10 for its genre.Hope this review helps someone,Have a blast playing Rogue Legacy if you decide to get it!"
,Recommended,241600,8446352,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Briarfox,"A challenging title that rewards patience, practice, and a detachment from any one character. If you like your rogue-likes platformy, and prefer a sense of continuity compared to the one and done type of play offered by a game like Spelunky, Rogue Legacy is the title for you."
,Recommended,241600,8501908,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Bjergi,One. More. Turn. Absolutely excellent game that had me hooked for days.
,Recommended,241600,8636713,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,pewkers,This is a really great game. It is very easy to pick up and understand. I think one of the great things about this game is you can play it forever without really realizing how much time you put in this game. There is just so much to see and upgrade. A really great time passer at a really good price.The only downside I see to this game is that sometimes the controls can feel a little awkward but once you get used them it isn't so bad.
,Recommended,241600,657052,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,鉄 の くま - The Iron Bear,"Hi, my name is Keith, and this is game is so good that I reckon it could beat your Dad in a fight pretty easily."
,Recommended,241600,7795651,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Gloomdweller,"Every parent sets out to provide the best for their children. You teach them life lessons, pass on family heirlooms, and one then day you hope they grow up to take on a monster infested castle to meet the same death as their ancestors. Rogue Legacy is a brutally hard mixture of different metroidvania, roguelike, and rpg games, you will die and you will love it.The game does feature permadeath, the progress you made on your character is lost, but Rogue Legacy takes a neat spin on the concept. Any gold you gain is kept and passed on to your descendant. Gold can be used to purchase stat upgrades, new equipment, and even new classes. In this way, the game never feels repetitive, every hero inches closer and closer to defeating a boss; the game does a great job of pushing you to play just one more time.Not every child has it easier though, randomized traits makes each one feel unique. You can play everything from a gay, colorblind Assassin to a hypochondriatic Archmage that suffers from vertigo. Each class has a unique ability, but combat in the game is still rather basic. The controls are very tight, and while the game is fairly balenced, it can be very challenging to the point of masochism.Still, I found it to be a great game to pick up and play for half hour play sessions and it still kept me coming back over and over."
,Recommended,241600,7870364,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,eltee,"Side scrolling homage to the more modern castlevania hand-held device games.  The trick is in the title, aka the 'Legacy' wherein each character you play is going to be put through the meat-grinder of massively over-powered enemies and their offspring will have to take up the mantle to replace them.  The hook is that each time you can take the little money you've earned and use it to upgrade your family's manor/mansion to better train/prepare successive generations better/more fully.  (aka permanent stat boosts for all successive heroes).What it amounts to is that the early phases tend to be slow/tricky/overly hard but if you stick with it, you will build up more and more powerful heroes and be able to penetrate deeper and deeper into the depths of the castle/dungeon for even more money to get even more powerful heroes etc.  Think like, 2D side scrolling 'infinity blade' as a castlevania action game maybe.Also there is the always welcome 'plus' mode for a whole new run through if you want some *seriously* epic challenge.(9/10) (Gamepad reccomended)"
,Recommended,241600,7957227,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Acaelus Thorne,This reminds me of the old Castlevania games but with an evolving main character. The difficulty with different characters as well as a ever evolving castle make this game a must have for fans of the old 2D castlevanias.
76561198118741481,Recommended,241600,8217033,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Neil Zineatzer,awesome
76561197998650290,Recommended,241600,8223588,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Destroyer of U,"Will remind you of Castlevania,but with a hardcore twist. This game is great!"
,Recommended,241600,8257864,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,wira,"Very addictive game. The fact it's very hard in the beginning - until you get the hang of it - you feel already there's a LOT to play along the way. Maybe the most innovative feature I've seen on recent games is that whenever you die (and you will, almost in a Demon/Dark Souls way) you´re dead, and that's it, no coming back as the same character. Instead, you have a heir! You chose between some few options to suceed you on the journey. And the best of it: every heir has its own traits and classes and whatnot.Only that makes the game playable for hours without repetition, but hey, there's more! The levels are randomly generated, oh yeah! Besides that you still have the option of upgrades and progeression which persists along ALL YOUR DEATHS and heirs, pretty cool. And the game is challeging, couldn't be better. Just a geniously created concept and game, very well done so far of what I´ve played. Very much recommended."
76561198024445150,Recommended,241600,8327029,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Toto.le.pew,You know Cocaine? This is the game version of it. Will ruin your lives
,Recommended,241600,8378918,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Taco,"This game is very addicting.  I can be extremely difficult, and cheap at times.  However, the sense of satisfaction you get from besting a boss, or getting through a difficult room is fantastic.  It's also fully of quirky comedy.The visuals, while not exactly cutting edge, are crisp and clear.  Art design is superb for the style of game.  Reminiscent of Ghost and Goblins.Also, unlike some Rogue-like games, your progress is not completely haulted by death.  Instead, you can use the gold you've accumulated to upgrade your keep (and therefore characters).  While it can be frustrating to be a few measly gold short of the upgrade you wanted, or any upgrade for that matter, you quickly find yourself jumping back in to try again.So, if you want to kill some time and die alot, give this a shot.  You won't regret it."
76561197998392652,Recommended,241600,8461834,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,djknoop,"Not my cuppa but the 7 year old loves it, much improved with a controller."
76561198042122440,Recommended,241600,8511001,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,DerFetteApos,Played it a lot and it keeps getting me to play more!
76561198043342122,Recommended,241600,8613411,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Terraformer,played 600+ hours on it and I love it
76561198027892207,Recommended,241600,8737923,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,SanjiLYH,Great game =) I love this game!
,Recommended,241600,7805337,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Scannex,"Rogue Legacy is a platformer par excellence. Its colorful, quirky and fun adopting the best elements of yesteryear experiences like metroid and castlevania while adding in some some standard lite RPG elements. The game would be repetitive if not for its procedurally generated levels, which keep the experience fun for more playthroughs than it has any right to.You will want a controller for this adventure, and if possible a HTPC as this is best enjoyed with friends on the couch, again adding to the inevitable nostalgia."
,Recommended,241600,7824831,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,derpy the calamity,"This game is awesome! You play as knights who have some sort of trait or problem (e.g. color blind, savant, P.A.D) which makes it so you play the game somehow differently (for example, vertigo = play the entire castle upside down, dwarfism = you're a mini knight).Every run, you try to get money to upgrade your stats and equipment, which is made through killing enemies, destroying crates and lamps, and finding treasure chests. Every time you die, the castle shifts so you can re-enter it and find new chests, or kill more enemies for more money.This game is fun as its challenging but not difficult. There are parts that one may rage (as I did often), but nevertheless have fun. Even dying isn't as bad as it seems, as you get 3 more options of knights that you can play as on a new run. I would recommend this to all, especially when it goes on sale ($15 is a bit steep)."
,Recommended,241600,7916658,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Jefftron,Very fun and challenging game! I would recommend to anyone that wants to easy to pick up but hard to master game. One of the best indie games I have ever picked up.
,Recommended,241600,8170384,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,CWRU | OrangeJuicestice,One of the most playable and replayable games I have ever played.
76561198070965283,Recommended,241600,7829922,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Chef Boy OD,I like this game
,Recommended,241600,7813780,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,bing,"""Jumpy-abouty-thing"" - Mrs. Murphy 2k13"
,Recommended,241600,8131610,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,banerock [Carne Seca],This game is pretty awesome
,Recommended,241600,1859828,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Insane Wizard,I DON'T CARE HOW MANY GAY OCD IBS FAR SIGHTED COLOR BLIND GIANTS WITH ALZHEIMERS I HAVE TO KILL I NEED TO CONQUER THIS ♥♥♥♥ING CASTLE
,Recommended,241600,7887421,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kexus,"Fun, but hard."
,Recommended,241600,7871327,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,WhoSpilledMaxx,So much fun.
76561198057963211,Recommended,241600,17029235,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,thejonymyster,"its a game, and i played it. and when i played it. it was difficult. ;) i had many a trouble to beat it but luckily i used my pro skills game play to play game at pro goodness and i died a lot buti t  was ok sincei m on the final boss and its very Tough. the game is plays good and looks nice buy it or Die"
76561198027284724,Recommended,241600,7787993,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,jberg_13,"Great rogue-like with Ghosts & Goblins-like game play!  Love the leveling system, and the customizability with different weapons/armor, runes, etc!"
76561198103049445,Recommended,241600,11805856,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,deadeye6464,"Really awesome game. Basic RPG elements and skill tree, the game also provides a nice fast paced challenge. The only thing I wish this game had is more weapons/armor, and maybe a few more spells for versatility."
,Recommended,241600,28975616,Posted: 3 January,all,Samukavera,Awesome game!
,Recommended,241600,8162539,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Jooderman,this game is amazing once you get into it
,Recommended,241600,8185415,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Hymen Highwayman,Great game to play whenever really.
,Recommended,241600,8213319,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Johnny Thrust,You will die.
,Recommended,241600,8220489,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Pl4gu3_D0g,Flatulant Midgets. Nuff Said.
,Recommended,241600,8224985,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,lord_jazz,"Never have I played a game where you die so many times -- and yet -- you can't wait to keep coming back and playing it again and again... I'm on playthrough 3+, and it's still fun (and I'm still finishing upgrading everything).  Great game -- highly recommended!"
,Recommended,241600,8245030,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DizzitY,Great awesome fun!! Well worth the money.  Nuff said..
,Recommended,241600,8249920,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Masterless Luke,"""2D action-platforming and Roguelike game..."" perfectly describes this game. It fum and very funny with a unique concept that each time you die you play as your decandants each with their own uniqe traits. Only main gripe is that It is a grindfest as you dont start seeing  the payoff to some of the stat upgrades intil a few hours in. Highly recommended. 4/5"
,Recommended,241600,8260705,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Hey_Trevor,Fun. Fun. Fun!
,Recommended,241600,8498475,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TheSmalHobbit,"This is the Metroidvania title of this decade. Near everyone that I know that likes Rogue-like games also loved the Castlevania and Metriod series. This is the combination of the 2, or 3 if you want to be specific. It does welcome people that don't enjoy the harshness of the common Rogue-like, as the game is quite humorous and more forgiving. Your characters are generated from a random pool of ""children"" everytime you die. These children can come with any assortment of traits. From OCD and ADHD to Alektorophobia and Irritable Bowel Syndrome. There are also an assortment of classes, to tanky, damage dealers, and magic types. The castle that you play 95% of the game in, is generated as randomly as the children do, so no character's run is ever the same as the previous and many more before and after."
,Recommended,241600,8417607,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,</Path>,"NOTE: Gamepad HIGHLY recommended!That said, this game is awesome, and I enjoyed every second of it.I'm usually not a 'hardcore' player and get cheesed off when I die, but in Rogue Legacy you can't spend your loot until your character croaks! So its more about trying to make as much as you can before your inevitable death. And you will die. Many times!The music is fun, there is a good variety of classes (learn to play them all!) and plenty of skills and equipment. This is a fully realized game, not an indie hackjob. It can take dozens of playthroughs until you find your favorite combination.Buy it!"
76561198037377534,Recommended,241600,8437785,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,persunx1,This is a fun time sucker that enables each of those short minutes invested to accumulate into something useful the more you play. you can pick this game up any time and continue where you left off. controller recomended. if its cheap you're going to want to pick this one up.
,Recommended,241600,8459369,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Zephlar,This game is a ton of fun.  Frustrating in a challenging way!
,Recommended,241600,8582020,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,morgajel,"RL is a nice side-scroller that reminds me a lot of the original metroid.  The key difference is that your death is a mechanic of the game, and the only way to advance yourself is through death- the gold you collect is of no value to you, but your heirs will need it to improve the keep and unlock new gear.So far I've only beat one miniboss of four, but it's more than enough of a challenge. I don't know how many generations have been attacking this castle, but I assure you it's an absurd amount."
76561198059537363,Recommended,241600,8601774,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Thrill,great
76561198040022705,Recommended,241600,8606524,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Sloth,"Rogue Legacy is an indie game that deserves your attention.Rogue Legacy does a lot of things right, and, most importantly, it gets the gameplay aspect right. Spot-on, even. With any roguelike title, focus should be put into the gameplay and mechanics. Because, obviously, if you're playing a game where ""perma-death"" is a selling point, the last thing you want is to get ♥♥♥♥ed over by poor controls. Cellar Door Games has clearly put a lot of time and effort into getting that right. The controls are tight, with almost every death feeling justified (getting killed by the occasional bug is the exception here).On top of that, Rogue Legacy has a beautiful semi-retro art style, giving the entire world a certain charm that many recently released ""Metroidvania"" style games have been trying to acheive. Your character's animations are fun to watch, armor and weapons look very cool, and the backgrounds to this game are stunning. The many enemies you'll come acrossare interesting and unique, some are clearly deadly at first glance, while others look much more feeble. Of course, as one might expect, weak-looking enemies in a roguelike game is just another way to disarm the player.With near-perfect gameplay and attractive visuals, all this game needs is a bomb♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack, right? Right! And, to an extent, Rogue Legacy has a fantastic soundtrack, thought there is one problem. While each track is a nice accompaniment to its level, it can get a wee bit grating the more you play. Basically, there are four areas, each having its own boss. There's a single song for the areas you're moving through, and a single song for each boss. Yes, the songs are great, giving each area appropriate feelings, but.. Eventually, you'll reach a point where you've died 15+ times in one session, and hearing the start of Castle Hamson's theme can be physically painful.Taking all of the above into account, there's only one more important matter left to cover. Is it fun? To me, the answer is a very firm, wholehearted yes. Rogue Legacy has sucked me in like no other roguelike has managed thus far. I'm able to pick it up for ten minutes or even play for a few hours straight without feeling burnt out. Thanks to the randomization aspects, this game feels fresh and new every time I play it. The humor varies from both subtle and clever, to very cheap and cringe-worthy, and some jokes are able to actually make me laugh. Kind of like the humor in the Borderlands series.In summary, Rogue Legacy is charming, addictive, and very fun, certain to take hold of anyone looking for a roguelike or platforming game.(If you're looking for a score, I'd give it a solid 9.5 out of 10.)"
,Recommended,241600,8626531,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,coolhand,"Probably the best in the recent rash of sidescrolling RPG beat-em-ups. Very rewarding, but also very challenging; expect to make many, many playthroughs while you gain assets to level up your character. Controller is a definite must for me on this one."
,Recommended,241600,2032674,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Tony Danza's Throbbing Member,"Great concept with a limited breadth of scope. Needs to be supported with more content, hundreds of more traits, more enemy and boss types and just, well... more. It feels like it was released before it was ready, or that the developers needed the money sooner than later. This is all well and good aside from the fact that there hasn't been any post launch content and the window of interest is closing for most gamers.All said, it's worth buying and playing -- just don't expect something as intricate as the binding of isaac. Not yet, anyway."
,Recommended,241600,5516647,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Dust,"One of the best rogue-like experiences I've had with gaming. The art style is clear and appealing, the combat is fluid and fun, and the persistent upgrades mechanic keeps you playing rather than giving in to the typical ""rogue-induced-despair"" when you lose."
,Recommended,241600,7921895,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,jackreaver,"Great mix of rogue-like game and old-school platformers like Castlevania !Fun, addictive and challenging."
,Recommended,241600,7955791,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Ghegs,"It's like a Castlevania game (SOTN and onwards), combined with procedurally generated stages. Being able to pump up your overall stats (attack, defense, health, etc) and unlock new abilities and classes makes it a fairly merciful game. Very fun, very addicting."
,Recommended,241600,7798777,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,spamandtuna,"Rogue Legacy's clever twist is its lineage system: each time you die, you play as the next person in the family line.  Of course, genetics aren't perfect, and each hero ends up with an amusing flaw or two, affecting your gameplay.  Between runs, you can spend gold to upgrade your character before plunging back in to another random dungeon.  It's not quite as addictive as Spelunky, but it's still wonderfully fun."
,Recommended,241600,7801418,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kevrake,"Similar to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, this game gives me wonderful feelings deep inside, but only if I put a little work in myself."
,Recommended,241600,7825016,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Lundo No Fundo,"This is probably some of the most fun I have ever had playing a platformer.  The jumps manage to be difficult without frustrating, the action is simple and solid, and the RPG elements are immersive.  The soundtrack is also great.  I managed to beat the game 3 times without it becoming very repetitive, so i would say the replay value is very high.  If you weren't planning on picking up this game, i would advise you to reconsider."
76561197971327145,Recommended,241600,7862446,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Grigsbot,"Simple platforming fun with an underlaying complexity that you can take advantage of.  It's not Nethack, which should be a blessing for most players, and it manages to be challenging and rewarding simultaneously rather than alternatingly.  Risk-reward is a big deal."
,Recommended,241600,7915386,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Seg,"Coming from someone who is not the biggest fan of roguelikes, I love this game.  The progression aspect, where each death helps your children grow more powerful is the small little boost I need to send descendent after descendent into the castle.  I'm on the 40th generation and I'm still having fun.  The game feels a lot like Metroid and that's a thing."
,Recommended,241600,7934329,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Horse Merkin,"This game is great but it also makes me feel like I'm bad at games. So many wasted generations sent to useless deaths. It's a good thing this thing is so upbeat, because it sorta bums me out.This game should only be discussed in company that has also played it. Must play game for 2013."
,Recommended,241600,7998739,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Omelette du Fromage,"Rogue legacy is a rogue like game (surprise!) with lots of influences from another genres. It's has a little bit of platformers, of RPGs and even metroidvanias. The game is highly addictive and challenging. It's a game where you don't win, you just do a little better each time. It's a unforgiving game but it also has a progression side that makes it more engaging than other rogue likes.The game content is rather short, but it has so much replay value that you won't mind. The random characters classes with random traits mechanic is excellent. It achieves to both keep the game fresh and teaches the player to play differently and better. In what other game would you be happy to play a dwarf barbarian with no foot pulse, after all?The way gold and upgrades work are also very nice and addictive. You loose your money before each run, so the games forces you do do better and survive longer for you to buy that 5k upgrade you want so much.The high praise for this game is in it's game play. Graphic wise it is a nice retro look that will remember of the graphics of SNES games. The story is loosely told and brief, but nice. The sound is great and adds to the experience.All in all, an excellent game. I recommend it to everybody."
76561197960284046,Recommended,241600,7883342,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,DL,"Rogue Legacy is a dungeon crawler. If you don't enjoy working your way through randomly generated rooms killing mobs and finding loot then this game isn't for you. Everytime you die you choose between 3 randomly generated people some with disabilities. Theres also multiple classes but sometimes they get generated as the same class. The classes don't change to much, just different stats and a passive ability.After you die you spend the gold your last charecter accumulated. The equiptment and passive upgrades are all passed on. So your goal is to boost your charecter with what you buy after each death until your strong enough to make it through the castle alive.Good game! It helps to have a d-input controller onhand."
,Recommended,241600,7755406,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Hamumu,"This game is awesome.  It's a randomly generated Castlevania: Symphony Of The Moon, pretty much.  If that means nothing to you, your life is bad and you should feel bad.  If that gets you excited on the other hand, it should.  It's tons of fun, especially if you like leveling up and improving over time.  When you first play the game, your runs will last 1-2 minutes, but with 20 hours of upgrades and practice, you're staying alive for half an hour each time, until you make a really dumb mistake (like choosing to give the next boss a try...).  I guess that's a Spelunky kind of thing, but this game hooks me a lot more (from the five minutes I've tried of Spelunky).  Highly recommended for roguelike, Castlevania, and actiony action-RPG fans."
,Recommended,241600,10033298,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Mr Blonde,"♥♥♥♥ this game, and ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Recommended,241600,12401408,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Sherlock,"Rogue Legacy is a truly magnificent Indie game released back in June 2013 by Cellar Door Games .It follows a story of an old family of Nobles, exploring the castle of Death himself to unravel the mysterious death of the King. You go along the randomly generated dungeons, finding Journals containing the thoughts of a Prince, the son of the murdered king.The game offers a great system in which you fight through rooms of monsters, collecting coins as you go along. The twist is that every time you die the next character you can pick will be a heir from the following generation of the family. They all have different names, powers and traits: some are afraid of monsters and get scaredyfarts, others are colorblind or imagine enemies where they shouldn't be.. and then there's just gay (yup, an actual trait..).You use the coins, picked up along the way, to build up your kingdom or buy weapons, armour and buffs, but upon entering the Castle again, your left overs will be depleted. Expand your kingdom with new helpful characters like the Blacksmith and Enchantress to unlock new power-ups.Face difficult enemies and 4 powerful different Bosses. Find bonus rooms filled with crazy challanges, tough baddies or golden treasures. You can additionally find Runes or blueprints that can be crafted into armour and abilities.The only negative critisism I can point out is that the combat system seems a little buggy at times. When switching directions the character sometimes gets stuck swinging the sword at the wrong side.Overall, seeing as the Steam User reviews are Overwhelmingly positive, I'd have to agree. This is one of the most fun and inventive games i've played in a while and fully deserves it's 96% recommendation rating."
,Recommended,241600,8228204,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gref,"An interesting side scroller with some moderate rogue-like influence.The unique heir system is awfully fun. You never know who will be next in line to blitz the castle.A bit repetitive, but that is the life of the rogue-like. Try and try again. Every time you make progress it is a rewarding experience.Tough to put down once you pick it up."
,Recommended,241600,11508210,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Samork,I just love super hard games and awesome soundtracks!
76561197979917588,Recommended,241600,8057029,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,SykoPenguin,"Dungeon running and grinding at it's finest.  I bought this game after reading an article on it and it went on sale and I'm not disappointed.  The learning curve is steep, the game is designed so that you fail and fail often, and the challenge... well the whole thing is just a challenge.  Sometimes you are destined to fail in the most cheap way possible, other times you just get into a perfect zone and manage to take out half the dungeon in one go.  The successes outweigh the failures and make you keep coming back for more.  Love it!"
76561198041272539,Recommended,241600,33022564,Posted: 29 June,all,Doc Lovegood,A great game over all.
76561198047615154,Recommended,241600,33014223,Posted: 29 June,all,Vanzinho,A really great game.
,Recommended,241600,9863961,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,MrNogginHead,i got to play as a female dwarf with no pulse in her feet who could freeze time.....10000?0/10
,Recommended,241600,10728353,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wiggle,Seeing this game at 75% off makes me want to buy it dispite already owning it. 10/10
,Recommended,241600,12167437,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,UggMcMuffin,I really enjoy this game. It is one of my favorite indie games ive played in a while.
,Recommended,241600,8466085,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Regalis Ferus,Look here. Kanye West is not a a gay lich. You a gay lich
,Recommended,241600,1442819,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,*Rubs hands in Hebrew*,"Get a sword, die. Get a sword, die. Get a sword, die. See a pattern here?"
76561197991103051,Recommended,241600,8998949,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Puddle,This is a fantastic game. Its very challenging and can feel cheap at times but its not frustrating. Its the same feeling youll get with demon souls.I love the RPG elements and the ability to purchase things that apply to all future characters. It adds an element to the game that most rogue likes miss. It adds some sort of progession and reason to keep playing.
,Recommended,241600,28135349,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Piet,"I've played for over 150 hours on my PlayStation devices. Sometimes I hate it, sometimes I'm totally in love. I guess those, who are really interested don't need my review to buy this game. Just wanted to leave some love here!"
76561197972258172,Recommended,241600,10970119,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"I love this game - it reminds me of The Binding of Isaac in terms of its addictive replayabiliy, but it positively reinforces your will to replay in a way that Isaac doesn't. With every new game you are not just wiser as a player, but stronger as a character too. Persistence begets strength, and this means that you're not just relying on good luck with randomised rooms and item drops to survive.It's lovely to look at and fun to play, and while it can be frustrating, I never felt like hurling my controller across the room as I have with other roguelikes.9/10"
76561198096079278,Recommended,241600,29021222,Posted: 4 January,all,FriendFive,"When I look at the number of hours I have played this game, I am surprised because it seems like I have played it much more than that. And I don't often feel the desire to go back and play it. I guess that indicates that it doesn't scratch any of my gaming itches. In general, I don't like the difficulty level of roguelikes like this, but I make exceptions for excellent games like FTL or Spelunky. I also don't generally find much pleasure in platformer games, again Spelunky notwithstanding. I guess what made me interested in Rogue Legacy was its gimmick, but that only goes so far to hold my interest. The gimmick being, when you die, you play the next time around as an offspring of the last character you died as. I'll recommend this game if you like platformer roguelikes with retro pixel graphics and the gimmick sounds interesting to you."
,Recommended,241600,8470496,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Samwise The Brave,dis game is berry gud. i wecommend dis for all to pray. berry berry gud. no need for dedotated wam
,Recommended,241600,13804352,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Dradoh,7.5/10
76561198112618705,Recommended,241600,10461742,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,King Badabing,♥♥♥♥♥♥ grandkid simulator. Buy it while it's on sale
,Recommended,241600,27291929,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,steelhead31,"Brilliant platformer, with a very interesting inheritance/character trait mechanic bolted on. Simply brilliant, if a touch on the difficult side :)"
76561198019275621,Recommended,241600,27742619,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[1stEB]ArrangedKarma,A pretty cool litle indie rouge like game that made me quickly fall in love with it :>Its unique gameplay and fun mechanics make fun to play :D
,Recommended,241600,6618658,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Magnolia Caboose Babyshit,"Hard as balls and fun as hell, get it!"
76561198089185623,Recommended,241600,26848661,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,paulo.amistad,One of the most addictive yet infuriating games I've played.
,Recommended,241600,27011379,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yeti46,Good old school game! 1 more run!
,Recommended,241600,17024082,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,rogal ddl,im so ♥♥♥♥ing noob.but i have so much fun.
,Recommended,241600,17015338,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Jank Memes,One generation was full of bearded women.
,Recommended,241600,30813608,Posted: 29 March,all,m.,I have a thing for these games that have random generated levels each time you playIt's awesome
76561198251774810,Recommended,241600,30822810,Posted: 29 March,all,Pachabacha,This is one of the best Indie Games ever made.  It has tight controls and feels great.  It continuosly gets harder so you will never feel bored while playing this game.  There are so many possible exploration paths and things to do in this game.  It is addicting to try to collect all the armor and runes and try to max out all of your abilities.  This game is great and I can't get enough of it.
76561198271292424,Recommended,241600,30509160,Posted: 14 March,all,Pedicon,"The game itself is good, I had a few smaller problems including the fact that you CAN NOT bind your mouse for attacking etc., but not thats not too big of a deal. The game gets progressively harder as you play. There are lots of classes you can play as"
,Recommended,241600,12611233,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,[grum],"I picked this game up on the cheap one sale, and I played it for about an hour at that time.I was getting slaughtered so badly that I stopped playing and put it in my ""backlog"" list.I came back to it last month to give it another try and I'm glad I did.This is not a forgiving game for those that just rush through platformers/bullet-hell games, or just jump at enemies to attack them without planning.  You will get crushed, hard and often, and that it will be very frustrating.If you take the time to approach each level properly, it is a challenge worth conquering.  The randomly generated levels (except mini-boss and final boss levels) and maps and loot and extras means that it's an almost endless number of different play-throughs each time.  This time, when I approached it with a different mind-set, I got hooked on this game in a bad way.  I was playing it an hour or two every other night for a month, and finally starting making progress in the game, to the point where I just finished it last night.(Of course, you can jump right back in and continue playing in ""+"" mode (same format, difficulty cranked up), but I needed a break.)Outside actually playing the levels and defeating the monsters/bosses/traps, the framework around this game gives you LOTS of variations on how to play it.Multiple classes, multiple stat/class upgrades, multiple genetic traits (both positive & negative), multiple armour/weapon slots, multiple upgrades for those items, multiple runes for those items...there are so many different ways to craft your character.Finally, there is a lot of humourous touches in this game that show through in little places everywhere.I would highly recommend this game, but only if you have patience and perseverance."
,Recommended,241600,19987802,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Mike Teason,6 Minutes In I Wanted To Break My PC :P
,Recommended,241600,17595418,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,BahamutKaiser,"Great game, interesting renewable gameplay, good humor and such.I would have liked if the various classes were drawn with more individuality, especially the last one, and the new game plus challenge ramps up so heavily that it makes you wish you grind before beating the final boss, but the first play through was fun and challenging.Looking forward to more of the same, well, maybe something a little better."
76561198067430234,Recommended,241600,19404424,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Alternative Trash Bin,"Generation 87, haven't killed a single boss"
76561198231968020,Recommended,241600,17497118,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Sungo,Best game i own on steam. IT is a must play
,Not Recommended,241600,24961329,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Gellister,"TL;DR: For grinders and people who want to keep their hands busy.Rogue Legacy is a grindy game. I have played a touch on PC and quite a bit on Vita and it has proven to be a slog in a lot of ways.This is a game that has good ideas but at every turn it asks you to invest time over and over to get over specific walls. Damage is heavily scaled so later areas are disproportionately hard for early runs which means that you have to die and restart just to get the stats to make your attempts easier. Bosses favor specific character traits and classes which means when you finally start running bosses, you can sometimes get stuck dying repeatedly till you pick up a better character to make things work.It also lacks meaningful variation to break up this monotony. Tile sets can get rote and enemies don't have interesting attack patterns to master. Change in locals also brings reskinned enemies most of the time with some exceptions.I can recommend Rogue Legacy but only to a specific crowd, those who appreciate a long grind or need a brainless game. Other than that you may want to steer clear."
76561198144627152,Not Recommended,241600,27589183,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Richard Nixon,Not my cup of tea. I could see why other people like it though.
76561198126395988,Recommended,241600,19993877,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,RoosterMaind,"Really good rogue metroidvania with a cool rune system where you can choose to either balance out a character's skill or max out one skill.+It'll have you sinking in hundreds of hours if you want to fiil up the skill tree, but you my choose to finish it quicker if you don't;+The art style is fitting and consistant;+Interesting legacy system, where you choose one of 3 heirs after each death based on your playstyle;+Turning medical conditions into power-ups and obstacles depending on playstyle;+Controlls are super responsive, so the difficult dodging parts are fair;+Organic difficulty, you can either win with lots of skill or spend hours levelling+Having high level doesn't turn the first pats of the map into a borefest since the enemies scale with your level;-O MAI FA KING GOD ADD STEAM CLOUD. I JUST LOST 200 HRS(don't look at my playtime, I had this gam through *other means* before I bought it) OF LEVELING BECAUSE OF YOUR BULL SHEET LOCAL SAVE FILE JESUS FA KING CHRIST.-The music is okay but it gets old quick so better get an audiobook or sth if you intend on 100%"
,Recommended,241600,7807460,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Holmes,THIS GAME IS AMAZING! GREAT CONCEPT! GREAT MUSIC! SO MUCH FUN!
,Recommended,241600,9378890,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Coconut Head,"Pretty fun Action-RPG platformer game. Although the ""Rouge-like"" system we commonly see isnt entirely new, it's unique in this game in that most of your upgrades and gear persist through death, and theres always something new to unlock, which will keep you playing until you get the coins needed to buy it, which makes it really satisfying.7.5/10"
76561197998372851,Recommended,241600,12418054,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,neongladiator,"One of the most addictive games I have found in a long time. I am frequently wary of procedurally generated dungeons, but they have done an amazing job with this one."
,Recommended,241600,2180834,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,AzurA Ninjaga,Very interesting Indie -RPG-Platformer.Many clases and random levels.But Very poor keyboard control - just a gamepad8.5/10
,Recommended,241600,13181833,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Rogue Likes don't get as good as this. There's a reason why I've got 40 hours in this game, and that's how addictive and fun the gameplay is. A taste of the gameplay is here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NM0mj3vYiJkThe random perks play pretty damn well, and you'll spend hours exploring the castle over and over again. The controls are tight and the challenge is there.Honestly, at 5 bucks during this fall sale, there's absolutely no reason not to get it."
,Recommended,241600,8580329,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Umami of the Ear,"A pretty good idea, but feels pretty grindy. Grind for stat points, grind for gear, grind for runes, grind for magic. Still kind of fun though."
,Recommended,241600,8207981,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DungeonK,"Definitely need a gamepad or controller for this one, controls are awkward on a keyboard. Seems like a great game though."
,Recommended,241600,14492773,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jon.Topps,"A hard thing to do in upgrade type games is to manage the fine balance between making the game too quick, and making the game feel grindy. This game manages this AWESOMELY. You do not compile all your money. You work your way through the dungeon, and however much gold you get, that's what you can use to purchase things (character upgrades, equipment, and abilities). You then lose your gold the next time you go in (the cost can be reduced to 50%, but the element remains in the game). This means that the game might get to that easy point, but that just means you can last longer in the dungeon. It will always be difficult to get enough coins to upgrade what you want. This means there is a grinding aspect to it, but it's not easy, mindless, or annoying. The game never feels grindy. It gives you a great sense of accomplishment when you're able to buy that big upgrade, because you actually earned it by getting an awesome dungeon run, rather than just committing enough time to grinding. This is an excellent aspect to the game, that works absolutely perfectly.As for the gameplay. The dungeon being different every time you enter makes it always interesting. The regular game is fun, and a bit challenging, then you get the remix bosses that are completely insane and difficult, which gives more hardcore players a good challenge. The combat system is a lot of fun, and the way you customize your characters based on what heir you get is a lot of fun. You can get an assassin, and then tweak him/her out with gear and abilities that match that class, or you could get a barbarian, and completely change your tactics.It's a really unique spin on the classic platformer genre. Totally worth it. Honestly one of my favorite games, and I'm hoping they make a second one."
,Recommended,241600,4895609,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,carrote,GET IT FAGET IT IS FEN AND ITS LIKE CASTLEVANIA AND BENDING OF ISICK COMBINGED
76561198030517773,Recommended,241600,22801293,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Weeb,It's a very good time killer :)
,Recommended,241600,27632568,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Яeverend Mao,(insert review here)
,Recommended,241600,27247019,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sonicmega,"I wanted to leave a real review via Undertale, but Steam's new review policy made that impossible, so you get this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥one instead."
,Recommended,241600,8265492,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Thak,Another reason why graphics does not make the game. This tiny piece of a gem is an amazing time burner!
76561198018596420,Recommended,241600,8410949,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,RatThing,i seriously cannot stop playing this game
,Recommended,241600,9368410,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,「Shuut Madikov」,You can be a gay dwarf 10/10
,Recommended,241600,9370581,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Threskiornis moluccus,this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you cant even die forever
,Recommended,241600,9369121,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,ᵇᵘᶰᵈᶫᵉ ᵒᶠ ˢᵗᶦᶜᵏˢ,"An absolutely fantastic game.Wish it had a little bit more content though, but definitely got my moneys worth from it, so I shouldn't complain."
,Recommended,241600,1727063,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Grognard_87,"One hell of a fun little game. Takes a while to complete due to the randomisation of the dungeon and the bosses are not easy, neither is the final one which pulls a Castlevania and after beating one form you have to beat another nastier form. I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to play a fun adventure game with RPG mechanics of improving strength and so on along with the choice of heirs to have which have both difficult and hilarious traits to them. I voted for this on Greenlight and I'm glad I did as the creator put a lot of effort into it and the overall story isn't that bad neither."
,Recommended,241600,18334819,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Elly-chan,"A very fun roguelike game where after you die you can take the gold you got to buy a few upgrades for your next character, the next character you play as will be one of your children who will inherit the upgrade you bought, as your lineage continues to fight and die they may pass down some genetic problems which WILL AFFECT THE GAMEPLAY IN HILARIOUS AND FUN WAYS.Highly recommended game with fun gameplay twists, don't worry if the genetic problems are too difficult you can die and get a new offspring!"
76561197972390763,Recommended,241600,578482,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Exige,"Completely awesome! Virtually perfect in every way. My only complaint is that, after 30 hours, I've finally beaten it. I want more!This is basically a Spelunky clone, but it's a superb one."
,Recommended,241600,22781188,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CharismaticPanda,"So much fun in this rougue like, took a while to get good enough to beat but the challenge to get there and the exploration had was awesome. 8/10"
,Recommended,241600,7789353,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Meme dreamer,This game is worth 5 buckarinos at most.
76561198022815840,Recommended,241600,29370581,Posted: 19 January,all,Flame,OK FINE! I'll go back to Dark Souls!
,Recommended,241600,8548078,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kurja,Inspiring indie game. Possibly will take hours of my life :)
,Recommended,241600,14319470,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Fleshtrap,"This is what Roguelikes are all about, but when you makin' paper you gotta learn some rules to go with it, you gotta learn the difference between guns and butter.There are two types of ♥♥♥♥♥s in this world: there are ♥♥♥♥♥s with guns, and ♥♥♥♥♥s with butter.Now what are guns? The guns, that's the real estate, that's stocks and bonds, artwork, you know♥♥♥♥♥♥that appreciates with value.What's the butter? Cars, clothes, jewelry - all that other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that don't mean♥♥♥♥♥♥after you buy it.That is what it's all about - guns and butter baby!10/10, played for about four hours, my crew and I are now living out the traphouse off that water whipping."
76561198125872277,Recommended,241600,14711025,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,KiiwikiD ツ,"One of the best games of his category, very addicting, very infuriating, a good graphic style and a very good gameplay . I recommend you this game :)"
,Recommended,241600,15459692,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"Rogue Legacy is a 2D action platformer that is categorized as a roguelike (Which means it has procedurally generated levels and permanent death). Rogue Legacy isn't as unforgiving though as other roguelikes because it adds in some RPG mechanics which make your impending deaths easier to swallow.At the start of Rogue Legacy, you are a no name sword-wielding hero who is trying to conquer a castle and you have no idea why. As you go through the castle you'll find journals randomly strewn about that help piece the story together but for the most part the narrative is in the back seat throughout your adventures (Which is alright since the story isn't that in-depth to begin with).After an hour or so of playing I was hooked with that thought in the back of my head ""Just one more run.... after this one I'm done... Eh, one more can't hurt"". The controls feel tight and the mechanics are solid and enjoyable with a variety of challenge rooms/events you'll encounter throughout the castle. The castle of Rogue Legacy is split into four separate sections which are very distinct in aesthetic, difficulty and feature a unique boss to that section.The thing that sets Rogue Legacy apart from other roguelikes is the way in which death occurs. When you die (Which will happen a lot at first), you get to choose a new heir from three choices which you get to attempt another run through the castle with. Each of the heir's can have a randomly assigned genetic trait which will affect how the game either plays or looks. Discovering every trait and what each one does was pretty fun, so I won't spoil the surprises and upsets that come with them.Another unique part of your death is that your future characters (Heirs) get stronger in whichever way you choose. While you progress through the castle you'll collect gold from chests/enemies. You then get to spend that gold at your manor after choosing an heir and you can invest in a number of things, from your stats to your armour or unlocking new classes or buying new equipment/runes. It's not impossible but for a first run through Rogue Legacy it's really unlikely that you'll beat the game without having at least several dozen upgrades purchased (Because of how weak your initial characters are). The feeling of progression through boosting your characters overall power is pretty satisfying and can get pretty addictive.Near the end of Rogue Legacy once your character is powerful enough to do most of the castle without dying you'll have beaten all the bosses and unlocked the final section of the castle. Beating the boss there will not only end your Legacy but you'll have the option of continuing on to a harder castle where the gold gains are increased (It's a NG+ that just scales enemies damage/hp and rewards up).For the most part I really enjoyed Rogue Legacy. The RPG mechanic is pretty good at giving you that ""Just one more run...."" factor. But after you beat NG+ a few times and you have all manor upgrades maxed out and equipment/runes bought there's not much to look forward to. Unless you enjoy pushing yourself to see how far into NG+'s you can go, just beat it a couple of times and enjoy the journey."
,Not Recommended,241600,15660929,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,jamoone,"It's fun for like the first 2 hours and then it becomes a serious grind and you just play it cus you feel like you have to finish it, not because it's fun. Save yourself and don't buy this game"
,Recommended,241600,15670771,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,悲Mob,"When I bought this game, I thought... MEH! How hard can it be...After 30 ancestors only once managed to get close to a boss... In which i died instantly!Totally loving the game while I absolutely hate it.I expect this game to devour my non existent free time.11/10 Buy this god-damned game right now!"
,Recommended,241600,14645534,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Akorlyn,"So I was bought this game as a gift the Christmas before last and was so into playing at the time. I love Rogue-Like games; my favourite being the Binding of Isaac. Anyway... I played it for a couple of hours and the difficulty was to say the least, legendary. I struggled to get through the main Castle area a lot and I was kinda put off. I left the game then for over a year and a bit and decided I'd start it again on a new save... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I can't believe I didn't enjoy it the first time around. The game is so much fun, and I've played it non stop these past few days. I'm currently on NG+2 and the difficulty is insane but... I'm enjoying it and having a blast. Probably up there on my Top 10 games of all time :)"
,Recommended,241600,15530842,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ShakeTheSnake,Two words... Good Luck
,Recommended,241600,15089096,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Havok16,"Very good fun. Tough to start, but keep going and you slowly progress til you can reach the end goals. Good gameplay, level design is semi-random on every run and keeps it interesting. Enemies are varied, and level up as you do to greater and tougher ones. Overall a good fun roguelike."
,Recommended,241600,15577795,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,76561193742692947,"Wow, I didn't expect much from this game going in, but now I'm so glad I played it. Think of this game as another Metroidvania-type of game, but you use the loot and gold you find to permanently upgrade your stats, abilities, etc. The fighting, looting, and bosses are tons of fun and using your loot to upgrade your character and stats gives you the best of both worlds. Controls are super crisp and it's fun to move around and dodge. I'd definitely recommend this game if you like 2D platformers and a good challenge."
,Recommended,241600,14248946,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Warluck,"I'm terrible at it, but I just can't stop playing. I guess you could say that its a good game :D"
,Recommended,241600,7799791,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Shamshire,Simple but fun.  It's a challenging game but worth the time.  It's fun to go from getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked on the first few monsters to navagating the castle like a pro.  Great for those of us who play games for a bit but suddenly need to walk away from them.  Great game for busy people.
,Recommended,241600,14377519,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,zzazz1179,"This is one of the funnest games I have played in a really long time, I would just like to say thank you to the creators of this masterpiece."
,Recommended,241600,14771575,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Numb3red,"It's good. Very good. ""What do you mean it's Thursday?"" good."
76561198123486406,Recommended,241600,14508706,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,KingUbu,Crack is nice but Rogue Legacy is better.
,Recommended,241600,14237058,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Sneaky... behave!,"This game is great. BUT there's a major issue imo. I don't like the grinding system they implemented. In order to fight last bosses, one has to go through multiple playthroughs and collect upgrades. I definitively would not describe it as a roguelike game. Just some features of them  included.Otherwise, if you wanna finish the game, you will have to invest a lot of time playing it. But it is fun as hell."
76561198068849291,Recommended,241600,15712781,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,DeathClaw,"Cruel, Cruel game. Beautiful graphics, decent music, just hard as heck. 10/10. Just have lots of patience and time if you want to play it. So cruel. Get ready to curse a lot."
76561198047580110,Recommended,241600,30106916,Posted: 22 February,all,Nuzzy,"So, I bought this game a while ago, but recently been sinking my time into it.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU DON'T HAVE A CONTROLLER.Otherwise, go ahead, please support these Devs and tell them to make more, this game is a wonderful expeirence and as a fan of Rouge-Likes this is my personal favorite."
,Not Recommended,241600,10738613,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,WonderSausage,"Apparently I'm not any good at this game. The terrible mechanic where you have to give up all of your gold every time you die, meant I gave up after spending an hour at level 4 and not advancing one whit. There is no difficulty setting and sometimes the first randomly-generated room is so deadly that you get killed almost instantly."
,Recommended,241600,16345618,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Lars,"Modern take on Ghosts'n'Goblins with superb hack'n'platforming, randomized dungeons, skills to upgrade, loot to loot, secrets to secret and a family line of misfits with various 'features' to send to their guaranteed deaths.Its brutal, sometimes unfair, but each time you learn something new and git a little more gud, and if you're a bit of a sadist, the whole thing feels rather rewarding.Rogue Legacy is a very good game and is easily recommended to anyone who accepts the challenge of a little challenge in their video games."
,Recommended,241600,26837594,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LaTerry,"Rouge Legacy is a gateway game into Rouge-lites and Rouge-likes (I hear there is a difference). You will die a lot as you explore the ever changing castle, and each time you die one of your offspring will take your place. Unlike other games, this game does have a sense of progression after you die, as you will keep your gold and can use it for permanent upgrades on your family manor, upgrades that unlock new classes or just increase stats. This game is a prime example of ""just one more run"" where you continuously want to play just one more run each time you die just to see if you can make it a little bit further or to try and get enough money for one more upgrade. I highly recommend Rouge Legacy for fans of the genre, or those curious about the genre."
76561198081761951,Recommended,241600,19583745,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Gekart,pretty nifty
76561198030730971,Recommended,241600,16457777,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,First Dr Otter Von Otterstien,I can honestly say I'm not sure when I last had this much fun with a game. Worth it at any price.
,Recommended,241600,8039590,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,RoleplayeR,"Great platforming fun. Best gamepad game of 2013 =) (Seriously, do not bother playing with keyboard on this one. Gamepad is the only good choice here.)Retro 8 bit graphics + neat humour in detail + fast-paced skill-based action-paced button-smash arcade-platformer sweety-goodness.Neat uprage and progress system, hard boss-fights, different types of classes play differently. Easily best 10-15 bucks game out there.PS. Also has a game+ type of thing if you are into that. Just beating it once was good enough for me though =)"
,Not Recommended,241600,27187718,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bacardi,"It always sad when a game looks promising on screenshots and trailers, but bland in terms of gameplay. RL is full of poor design decisions.1. Player Character attacks with ""wind up"" frames. This leaves nothing more than a feeling of input lag and frustration from missed attack as a result. This is also true for Shield block.2. While many enemies have signaling animations before they attack, some of them move on screen in wonky unpredictable pattens. Also there is a bug when in some situations ranged attacks from enemies could pass solid floor or wall when you already learned that some attacks are blocked by walls. Not a challenge for a player, but mere ""screw you"" from the game.3. Player's hitbox is not what it should be judging by the looks of it's sprite on screen. It is slightly lower and wider.4. You have to spend as much gold as possible, because there is no way to save any remainder of it. Just a way to give game some longevity, but it feels cheap and repulsive.5. The only important player stats are health and mana. Getting more gold in single attempt is the real reason to play.6. What is the point of whole random heir hero generation? If you got a bad hero just die in room 1 and respawn with another one and probably with more chances to mine more gold successfully.7. Game is lacking in terms of variety of gameplay. There is no\not enough random artifacts that could change how you play every playthrough. Instead you buy one set of equipment and use it to go through many-many retries.I will keep the game (1,5$ feels like fair price now when I played it) and will still play it from time to time.If you looking for Rogue-like-lite that is actually fair to the player, fun and actually enjoyable to play, try Crypt of the Necrodancer, or Spelunky."
,Not Recommended,241600,30186352,Posted: 25 February,all,Deadhardy,"After putting an enjoyable 140 hours into the Binding of Isaac, I decided to give Rogue Legacy a shot in order to fill the rogue-like gap in my gaming life.  Rogue Legacy was fun for the first few hours, but I reached a point in the game where I was not bringing in enough gold to continue upgrading my character.  The ""heir"" gimmick got old really quickly as well.  Furthermore, there's just something off about the controls and hitboxes in this game.  Even after 8 hours I never really felt comfortable controlling my character.  I'm sure if I put in more hours and meticulously played the game that I could get over the hump, but there's no point in doing that if the game itself is grindy and boring.  The redeeming thing about the Binding of Isaac was that if you had a poor run you could start again completely anew.  In addition, even runs that ended in failure could still be FUN depending on the items you got.  With Rogue Legacy, you could potentially have a number of pointless runs that leave you right where you started.  Also, those runs are not fun at all because the traits, items, and upgrades lose their luster really fast.  For some games, pushing through might be worth it.  For this game, there is no worthwhile pay-off when you consider the countless other games out there."
,Recommended,241600,30028749,Posted: 19 February,all,paule29,"Super addicting ""I'll play just one more life"" game that never ends.  Great diversity in the way dungeons are procedurally generated and you are restricted in your choice of characters at the beginning of each run.  The meta game of purchasing upgrades between characters makes it seem as if you're never losing progress between characters."
,Not Recommended,241600,15334804,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Usagi,"This is an alright roguelike, but it's not as good as people make it out to be.If I feel up for a roguelike, there are other choices i'd go for before this one."
,Recommended,241600,12507443,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Park-Chan Wook,The kind of game in which 5 minutes becomes 5 ♥♥♥♥ing hours later. Solid and addicting gameplay. Charming and lovely.10/10
,Not Recommended,241600,28780155,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DeadMan87,Don't get this game unless you enjoy beating your head against the wall and feeling like you are not making any progress.Most of the enemies fly while you can only use your ranged attacks a few times before they run out and your hitbox is so big that most people will hurt themselves trying to hit the more common flying enemies with their sword.   All projectials fly until they hit the edge of the room and the icon for a projectial that's off screen doesn't seem to give any indication of how far it has to travel until it enters the screen.  The upgrades don't feel like they do anything.  Most of the traits don't affect gameplay or are just annoying.  And the classes don't feel like they change much and look nearly the same.I understand that this type of game is suppose to be hard and unforgiving but this game just feels like punishment instead of a challenge.  I've played plenty of games that are unforgiving like this like Crypt of the Necrodancer and Binding of Issac and I enjoyed them and felt like I could learn to beat the enemies or beat them if I had the right gear.  But with this game I played for several hours and bought about a dozen upgrades but barely survived any longer and didn't seem to beat any enemies easier.  I do acknowledge that the rooms don't lock you in with the monsters so you don't have to fight any of the enemies.  But if I wanted to play again about avoiding most of the enemies I would play a stealth or horror game.
,Recommended,241600,23334581,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Property,I hate this game personally but I understand why others would really love it
76561198338169730,Not Recommended,241600,28413909,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,HitmanBarnes,"Unless you enjoy grinding over and over i wouldnt recommend this game. I still havent beat any boss and never felt so angry at a game. you die over and over, dont get me wrong i enjoy a challange, im a huge dark souls fan but this is something else, rage enducing and worst grind ever."
76561198075171831,Recommended,241600,30719331,Posted: 24 March,all,Luigi2ds,You will die alot
76561197964217466,Recommended,241600,12821787,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Genova,5/5
76561197976460398,Not Recommended,241600,28459405,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SandwichKed,"This is almost, almost a fun game.  The basic upgrade mechanic, the random environments, the smooth platforming - none of these things are unique, but all are implemented well.  The hilarious pick-an-heir concept is inspired....but.  The game runs aground very quickly because of two mechanics which break each other:  Upgrading one stat/item/class/anything causes not just the next level to cost more, but ALL other upgrades to cost more.  This gets painful really fast, as basically everything gets priced out of reach.  Well, that's fine, right?  You'll just save up between cycles and get the upgrades you need to go farther, right?  Nope - to get into the dungeon/castle/gold farm, you have to give up all cash you have on hand.  No way to save, and no way to spend what you have once you've priced out of the available options.Maybe someone who adapts to the game faster than I do will stay ahead of the difficulty/pricing curve, but there's just no reason to make it so punitive.  Honestly I don't understand how anyone can avoid getting stalled - is there some skill that allows for self healing or auto mana regen which kicks in eventually, and levels out the difficulty?  If that's the case, why hide it in the early game?  It's like there's something here that I'm missing.Well, I'll continue to miss it because this isn't worth any more of my time."
,Recommended,241600,8103476,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,.ZH Kane,omfg yes
,Not Recommended,241600,19953550,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Herminator132,"Rogue Legacy isn't necessarily a bad game.  It's just not the game for everyone.  I for one, was intrigued by the concept of genetics playing a role in the characters.  And while that is a quintessential element of this game, I feel that it is overshadowed completely by two factors: difficulty and repetitiveness.  First off, the game is EXTREMELY difficult.  One of the hardest games I've ever played.  The enemy patterns are unpredictable at first and as you quickly die, it becomes increasingly difficult to upgrade your weapons or general stats as you don't make enough gold.  This leads me to my next point, the game is repetitive.  Go into the castle, collect gold, die, pray you made enough to upgrade something, go into castle, collect gold, die, pray again...  The castle is randomly generated each time so there is variation, but it all feels the same to me.  Just not the game for me.  Glad I tried it, wasn't happy in the end."
,Recommended,241600,25760865,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,TheLazyGun™,just buy it difficult but reasonable and lots of fun
76561198008609929,Not Recommended,241600,20030448,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,CJ,"The genealogical gimmick of the game is a little disappointing. I was hoping for some sort of hereditary aspect to the characters you play as. Instead, it’s merely a regular multiple life system with randomised traits to each life.The class system is very unbalanced, with the knights/paladins being the only class you can really do much with for much of the game.The controls can be a bit clunky, and certain enemy projectiles that aren’t supposed to go through walls sometimes do when they’re fired from next to walls.The overall game is essentially repetitive grinding, which gets tired quite fast.Despite all of that, there’s something kind of addictive about it. But I wouldn’t call it fun.4/10, maybe get it when it’s on sale"
,Recommended,241600,7681623,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Revelanth,An excellent 'roguelite' title. While its roguelike features don't give it huge replayability and lasting appeal as it is standard with this type of games RL does provide ~25+ hrs of pure enjoyment.
76561198150573447,Recommended,241600,23551914,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Hejkki,this game is great
,Recommended,241600,8212717,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,7heo,Awesome game. A must have for anyone who likes roguelike games.
,Recommended,241600,16669424,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,keohookalani,"Great game. Platforming combined with roguelike features provided me with hours of fun. Each run allows you to improve your ""character"" in small ways. But as you progress through the game, you notice the improvements and get better and better. Some people have said that it is a bit grindy. I have hit that point after 40+ hours, when I started New Game+.The grindy bit is that in order to get the final sets of equipment, you need to grind quite a bit to handle New Game+. Also some of the last achievements require playing New Game+.Regardless of the grindy aspect, that you don't HAVE to deal with, this game sucked me in for a solid week, and considering I got it in sale, some of the best money I spent during the summer sale.10/10 - I will grind again."
,Not Recommended,241600,12123115,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,MadMatt2185,"I have spent 33 hours on this game. And I want them back. While the main concept of the game is fun and really gets you going. The sheer clif side of difficulty at the half way point is way to huge to even start climbing. And at that point you know the game is either just poorly desinged to make it that difficult, or the developers are just being jerks. Either way you'll rage quit this long before ending due to the uneaven playing feild set up against you, which you only notice as you go into that last half. If your looking for a really fun Metroidvania game, this game fakes it for the first 12 hours or so, then just pulls the floor out from under you. Don't bother unless they sart doing some balancing and actual play testing."
,Not Recommended,241600,18577207,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,squashmonster,"The game is set up in a way that makes it unclear whether it's supposed to be based on a grind or based on skill.  I think it's actually supposed to come down on the side of skill, but the game doesn't convey this to you very well.Unfortuantely the controls are really bland - everything feels like it has no weight.  It's skill-based, but I can't imagine wanting to spend the time to become skilled at this.  And the enemy design is incredibly, incredibly dull.  There's nothing to learn except what the jump scares look like."
76561198050545411,Recommended,241600,23544286,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,rifleviper,great game!
,Recommended,241600,20058132,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,armed commie chalazae,good
76561198319813616,Not Recommended,241600,29227097,Posted: 13 January,all,danivaga,"Sorry, I've got a problem in my mac's Rogue Legacy, i can't go down and i change the hotkey just to try with h, y, j and so and it doesn't work. Can't play like this"
,Recommended,241600,12912464,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Trip Fisk,"A fun and addictive little action platformer with a unique gimmick where you play as the offspring of the character you just died as because Rogue Legacy is harder than my nipples being caressed by the frigid winds that blow in off of Lake Superior.Also your child is usually a screwed up freak with some sort of random genetic or personality disorder. The only thing that doesn't change between generations is your family's bad habit of goose stepping around and holding one arm in an outstretched position.and maybe war. War never changes. Until war has changedThe odd random quirkiness combined with the randomly generated dungeon somehow refreshes and renews the game experience every time you die. I don't know how, but somehow Rogue Legacy doesn't get dull or boring. If it doesn't become too frustrating for you, its really way more enjoyable than it ought to be. There's a sort of satisfaction one gets from the small increase in strength between deaths that comes back in the form of surviving. That you're making some distinct progress. Not so much progress through the castle, but progress in not dying so f-ing quickly. Makes you feel like you don't suck as much anymore.Truthfully, the reason Rogue Legacy is so enjoyable had to do with the fact it does the Metroid-vania style of action/adventure genres right and does it well. I bought it on sale, but had I known I would've turned out to like it as much as I do, I wouldn't have any problem spending full price on it."
76561198130527953,Recommended,241600,23716356,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,RORYMERCURY69,this game is awsum fokn knight with cheeky sword xdi luv waking up at 5 am to play this would always sleep with this game turnt up !!it's always lit inside this game because my computer is overheating like a mfker
,Recommended,241600,8792541,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Bonfire,Very fun game. Random castle generation allows hours of non-stop fun.
,Not Recommended,241600,19497713,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Prt,"Let me just level with you. If you are like me and like a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in your diet then this game is FOR YOU. Once you finish the game you become the master disaster my man and then start to eat your way through the entirety of the entire world so then decide to become killer of worlds! (Spoilers BTW) So now that you know the ending come and play the game with me and try and get the level 3 dragon sword and then beat the game on dander difficulty so you can unlock the Adam Sandler mode where every line of dialogue is replaced with varying Adam Sandler quotes, such as: ""Give me your ♥♥♥♥ing money or I am gonna rob you"" and the classic one we all know ""I burned my♥♥♥♥♥♥on my crocs, ♥♥♥♥..."" and who could forget ""MY DOG JUST ♥♥♥♥ING AHH!""Seriously though grab your beer and get ready to dive into the pool because this game will BURN you dude!Grapes of Wrath/R.L Stein"
,Not Recommended,241600,14940867,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Sheriff,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.Sorry James"
,Recommended,241600,8686900,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,happycatters,"amazing for an indie game. Tough as nails, but a solid game none the less."
,Recommended,241600,8121782,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DT,"It has a newly released patch, will be on Steam Winter Sale (its one of the trading cards). Buy it, it's amazing and time consuming!"
,Recommended,241600,7799621,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Replica,"Great game! pretty fun and challenging, worth every dollar"
76561198011505416,Recommended,241600,8129677,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,T3h Haxz0rz Skillz,Nice game
76561198087257103,Recommended,241600,8461034,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Draekox,"A really addicting and rewarding game, t might be hard at first but it's an awesome experience EVERY TIME!"
,Recommended,241600,8202918,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bob,It's the Castlevania game you never knew you missed.
,Recommended,241600,8345620,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Fag Enabler,fun game if you like games with rogue elements
,Recommended,241600,8061183,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Drakeskullnl,Damn I love old school feeling platformers... And this one is absorbing... Addicting... Just the right difficulty... Yes... Buy this.
,Recommended,241600,7946942,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Hornet™,Great game. It's similar to banging your head off a brick wall repeatedly. But for some reason it feels great.
,Recommended,241600,8159369,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ryantacus,Can't stop playing...
76561197960771790,Recommended,241600,8245640,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,]BIG[ Scorpion15,Brings back memories of Castlevania: SOTN.  Amazing game!!!
,Recommended,241600,8394999,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dr.Wheelie,I bet you're gonna die
76561198001369346,Recommended,241600,7793882,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,I_am_weasel,This game is everything I have wanted in a 2D platformer game. Its old school nintendo hard. Very rewarding and funny.
,Recommended,241600,7974337,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,keaty,"7/10An entertaining, roguelike 2D game with unique enemies and bosses make Rogue Legacy one of the funnest roguelikes I have ever played. Revolving around a concept that allows everyone to be able to do anything they so please, this game gives quirks and differences in every player, all the way from the beginning of your family line downward. Being able to collect coins to purchase gear for your character, upgrades to your keep, or anything you desire encourages you to collect as much money and items as you can. Each playthrough of the game is different, wether by path you choose or monsters you face. As you explore Castle Hamson and what lies below it, you will discover many different rooms, from fairy chest rooms that give you challenges to reach for, to developer rooms showing how Rogue Legacy came to be. Even with the introduction of spells and other fighting mechanics of the sort, the swordplay and fighting of the game can get repetative and even boring at some points. If you are a fan of roguelikes and are looking for a medeival game with lots of upgradeable features and quirks, Rogue Legacy is definately something for you."
,Recommended,241600,7990702,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Fireproof85,"One of the best indie games I've ever played! The randomly generated levels help keep things interesting, there's a great sense of progression, and the combat is so satisfying. Absolutely love this game. BUY IT."
,Recommended,241600,8287558,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Le Fishmonger,Definitely one of the most entertaining games I've played. I can understand why it inspired so many games like it. I would recommend to anybody who likes to have fun!
76561198028171308,Recommended,241600,8290922,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,btotherad,"This is a great game. Everyone should play it forever,"
76561198066825081,Recommended,241600,8306672,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,enjoyedeggs,"Very good game. Although grind fest, its fun to grind since it is randomley genarated"
,Recommended,241600,7788677,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,$tarballer_Killjoy,Very well fun game. If you're into the old school Castlevania's then you'll love this!
,Recommended,241600,7816376,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Ћ Abomination Jones,How many of you can say you wanted and/or knew of this game before Ross♥♥♥♥♥♥massive ineptitude on this game?It's good and all but ♥♥♥♥ it is so painful to watch them play.
76561197999448755,Recommended,241600,8208051,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Throw That ASs n A XCircle,It is a great game. If you are on it's store page you might as well just buy it!
,Recommended,241600,23762417,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,NEON KNIGHT,"Very good game for the first few hours, gets very grindy and repetitive towards the end. Definitely wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,241600,24507028,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Composite Takeout  ☭,"Refunded it after an hour, it was painfully repetitive and dull after the first 30 minutes of gameplay."
,Recommended,241600,9389083,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,OHHHHHH NOOOOOOO,"An amazing rogue-like, Except its not a rogue-like at the same time, probably hundreds of traits, Just an overall amazing experience for a gamer who likes things such as spelunky."
,Recommended,241600,1715348,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Lousywater,This game is way too hard and time consuming. 10/10
76561198089401473,Recommended,241600,7747745,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,redlink13,This game is Amazing!
76561198009667589,Recommended,241600,33244746,Posted: 4 July,all,Bencurion,If you like rogue light games and do notind not using a mouse try this one! Infinite replayability neat design and smooth controls.
,Recommended,241600,29108091,Posted: 7 January,all,Soul of Wrath,VERY ADDICTING
76561198050219210,Not Recommended,241600,20925060,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,CabalTacitus,If you like grinds and impossible to win without dying hundreds of times first this game is for you. I don't and regret buying it.
,Recommended,241600,14980777,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Masshuum,Simple game. Simple fun. Get it on sale.
,Recommended,241600,10961322,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Craigory Ham,"Super fun.  Tons of perks and weakness, random castle map generation, and the difficulty stays with the game throughout the game play through.  Would even recommend to my worst enemies."
,Recommended,241600,15184161,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Afghmn,"Killed an eye only to be killed by his dad, the grand eye."
,Recommended,241600,8709372,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Jerwin.py,How do I stay alive for more than 5 seconds?
,Recommended,241600,26939236,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Baron Von Dapper,Played as a ninja with vertigo and was killed by a giant painting.9/10
,Not Recommended,241600,31147846,Posted: 14 April,all,kalesyd,"It's a good game but has some flaws. In particular the Alexander the IV battle. Guys, what were you on when you thought of that? Also of note in this category are the number of fairy chests you find that require you to be able to kill things behind walls but no way of getting them and too few options to change spells that would enable you to kill them. The argument that the architect could be used is redundant as you may not get classes able to complete that objective next time and you may not be able to reroll.On the plus side a nice variety of classes and spells etc. Wish there was more traits."
,Recommended,241600,8315376,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Saveck,A great game if you like stuff frome the metroidvania genre simple to pick up but very hard to master with a unique twist on the genre highly recomended
76561198014913462,Recommended,241600,9365585,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Illimitus,Needs a sequel
,Recommended,241600,177484,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,ekolis,"This game will be frustrating at first. But if you're patient, it will be a lot of fun!An excerpt from ablog postI made regarding Rogue Legacy and similar games:""In Rogue Legacy, you again start off with pretty much nothing. 100 HP, 100 mana, only a few classes to play as, and no special equipment. Throughout the game, you can find and buy upgrades, which you get to keep even after your character dies and you start a new one (hence the ""Legacy"" in the title). The game, like Mega Man, is brutally difficult at first, but once you get used to the controls, and upgrade your HP, mana, classes, and equipment, it becomes... well, only moderately difficult. (There's actually an item you can equip that depowers enemies at the cost of reduced gold drops!)So why do I enjoy these games so much? Is it because I'm a masochist? Well, no, I'm not a masochist. (At least, I don't think I am!) I think it's actually because there's a sense of accomplishment that comes from pressing on and finally defeating the initial challenge of the game, making my character powerful enough to tackle the rest of the game. Then when I get to the grand finale, and the difficulty ramps up again, I can really appreciate how much I've progressed."""
,Recommended,241600,11822765,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,skeleon,"Jumped through hole in floor, landed on a floating eye, died.Illumaniti confirmed 3/13 bloodlines"
,Recommended,241600,7804464,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,(TPT) trinsic,"This is a great platformer game, well done on many levels. Its challanging, and alot of fun. The cool thing about it is its differnt every time you play due to the random level creation. Every time you die you choice of charcter types come from a pool of offspring all each have differnt characteristics. the level design is well done and it has a polished feel to it."
,Recommended,241600,25780053,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Whaat,1st Hero was blind2nd Hero was colorblind3rd Hero was dsylexic.4th hero had no equilibrium...The list goes on...10/10 for keeping each run fresh.
76561198166039283,Recommended,241600,30642268,Posted: 20 March,all,octoploid,"Handles great, solid platforming design, good level of difficulity which is countered by the unlockable perks.  I've read some reviews saying the game's difficulty curve was too steep, but I don't think it ever felt unfair.  The game seems to get some criticism from the difficulty of gathering gold to upgrade your characters, but I never felt it was excessively difficult to earn enough to advance most of the times.  The only downside I find is that it would be nice if there were more diversity of levels, because the platformer aspects are really well done, and it would be nice if there was more to explore."
,Recommended,241600,8160541,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mister King Dice,Very Fun Do I Need To Any Anything Else?
,Recommended,241600,24449227,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Mastracu (Vote Big Mac),10/10THE PAINT IS A LIE!THE PAINT IS A LIE!THE PAINT IS A LIE!THE PAINT IS A LIE!THE PAINT IS A LIE!THE PAINT IS A LIE!THE PAINT IS A LIE!I will NEVER trust a painting again ;-;
,Recommended,241600,17479529,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Scellow,"A bit repetitive, but addictive <3"
,Recommended,241600,23387248,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,koffE,35 hrs on Steam and at least the same amount off-Steam. Top notch Rogue!
76561198091280908,Recommended,241600,23389134,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Urban Koistinen,If you like a mario-style platformer this should be good too.
,Recommended,241600,13155002,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Plaxus,"This game will eat your life away.  Easy 9/10 , a little wonky on the controls sometimes, but you always have to go just one more run..one more run......one more....another. Probably bad I started this game up again during school. It's deffintly worth the buy. Sequal when?!?"
,Recommended,241600,11980166,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,KainDarkfire,This thing.  This thing that you are doing that is not playing Rogue Legacy.  Do you not like fun or something?  It's borderline heresy.
,Recommended,241600,9938179,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Grape-kun,"Its a action platformer where you traverse randomly generated dungeons and castle areas trying to figure out the mystery behind the past of the castle. The main character will have to traverese through traps, mobs, mini games and easter eggs to beat the 4 bosses that protect what ever the castle is hiding. What makes this game stand out is the fact that not only every run will the levels be different but also the character you play as. After you finish playing the tutorial the game starts you off with 3 ""decendents"" All of them with differents classes, abilities and sub weapons. You can choose one and start your adventure there. If you die the game generated another 3 random decendents for you to choose. Another key feature of the game is that you can upgrade your characters with skills (double jump, dashes, extra gold etc...), weapons and armors you get from gold and blue prints you find in chests all over the levels.Definitely recommend to anyone!"
,Recommended,241600,10413778,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Darebear,Hours and hours of fun can not stop playing this
,Recommended,241600,10419226,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,IllithidBane,"Tight controls, hard but fair combat, constant exploration and thrill of discovery, lots of upgrades and equipment for that sense of growth, frequent death but never feels like a setback. This is a gold standard of Rogue-like action games."
,Recommended,241600,10420564,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Otto von Bismarck,Kauft es auch 5€ habt ihr doch immer mal so und ich habrichtig viel spaß mit gehabt 5€ = ca 20 Stunden spaßklingt fair :)
,Recommended,241600,10421623,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,jonoortrev,"Rogue Legacy is great, great great great. Its one of the few games where you can genuinely just play for 5 minutes a time or sit and play through for hours, mainly due to dying/restarting on a nicely regular basis without it being an annoyance (aka, like all good rogue-likes). Its a challenge and a half, for the first 5-10 hours it is just crushing apocalyptic despair of the game just crushing you into the floor whenever it gets a chance, that's basically every time you think you've got used to an area then you head somewhere else and it's a whole new hammer being smashed across your face.One downside is personally I feel once completing the game, if you want to carry on playing still the challenge is cranked up by about 900%, the old hit once and its dead enemies take many many hits to bring down it brings the learning curve to an overhang as nothing in the game (except bosses) are as strong as the enemies are now.However up until that point the game feels well implemented in terms of the challenge vs. the overall learning curve, so overall, really great!Did I say it was great? Well it was."
76561198042140258,Recommended,241600,10422426,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Gemini,"Despite the name, it's difficult to call this game a ""Roguelike"" as the only things it has in common with Rogue is that the dungeons are randomly generated and you die a lot. That said, it's one of the most enjoyable hack-n'-slash platformers I've ever played and for anyone who enjoys that style of gameplay you simply can't pass this one up!PROS:Awesome, fluid gameplay, good music, well designed, plenty of character features and upgrades, several classes to unlock, none of which are horribly unbalanced, very simple to use system for equipment and special abilities, legitimately difficult bosses.CONS:Extremely difficult overall, somewhat repetitive, doesn't really have the ""loot"" aspect you would expect from a dungeon crawl (not to the same extent of randomly generated items anyways), occasionally you'll be forced to play as a character with lousy attributes."
,Recommended,241600,1467613,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Sam,"2-D Platformer. Everytime you die, you get to spend whatever gold you earned during that previous life to improve your character's stats, or unlock other types of characters (ninja, archmage), or improve your equipment, or even unlock different skills (dash, harder enemies but more money).Characters have different spells, life bars, mana bars.e.g. Mages more mana less healthBarbarians more health, less mana, can use a shout to disperse enemiesPaladins can block attacksSome throw scythes, some throw in an arch, some throw it straight ahead.Characters have different attributes like being a giant, being tiny, not seeing in colors, playing levels upside down, reduced vision, etc..Very fun game, very hard game. Reminiscent of the days when games beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you and frustrated you but made you feel like you've accomplished something once you won."
76561198050315162,Recommended,241600,8384650,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Montoo,One of the best Roguelikes out there
,Recommended,241600,8233962,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kelph,"I absolutly love this game! Its funny, difficult, and very entertaining! AWESOME!"
,Recommended,241600,8206253,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lazerlokque,Very fun game
,Recommended,241600,7804669,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Arrrh,Awsome game old school and with a fun twist.
76561198007817903,Recommended,241600,8229995,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,RTreeGardner,good
76561198122139404,Recommended,241600,9023186,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,LuciousBooty,THE MOST FUN GAME I HAVE AT THE MOMENT
,Recommended,241600,8331758,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Neutral,"Great rogue-like game, probably suffers a bit from being way too arbitrarily difficult or easy based on RNG of rooms created but it's still a whole heck of a lot of fun."
,Recommended,241600,11104722,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,tipofthehats.org/donate,"Outstanding, can spend several hours at a time playing"
,Recommended,241600,19363768,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,[H+] Space Invader,"""Ugh, I hate this ♥♥♥♥ing game."" *keeps playing*"
,Recommended,241600,23693002,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Earl from Ipanema,Jogo desafiante com grande rejogabilidade.
,Recommended,241600,15134751,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,weeb matthew,"probably my favorite game of all time, i revisit it every so often and see how quickly i can beat it, it's the first game i got all the achievements for on steam."
,Recommended,241600,13107780,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Nigel,Dying Simulator 2014
,Recommended,241600,18215140,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,lil mop,"its pretty good, i like the children :^)"
76561198035682379,Recommended,241600,20512510,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Tree Man,is good game
,Recommended,241600,16315238,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,~Skyslashk,Best game ever1/5
76561198248714336,Recommended,241600,23450547,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,lucky_charm888,"This game feels like a game that is played online, but has enough sophistication to make it a buyable game."
,Recommended,241600,13793964,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Turtle Time,i get people to buy this game daily.also ♥♥♥♥ chickens
,Recommended,241600,9616371,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,K1RA,A very good rogue like !
,Recommended,241600,22731135,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,pyromilky,so apparently cancer is not only in real life it is a virtual game too....
,Recommended,241600,10518251,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,KamakhaZ~0agent,One of the greatest rouge games ever made -Loved the whole experience from beginning to ending
,Recommended,241600,25500471,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,cringe in 16 dimensions,good meme
,Recommended,241600,11459154,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,frailmale,"Good, clean fun."
,Recommended,241600,10769950,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Illustrio,"Have not yet actually played the game.10/10 GOTY 1998EDIT: After further playing, I have decided that Rogue Legacy does not match up to the other big name titles of 1889 (namely, Elder Scrolls V:Skyrim and The Hiding Place by Corrie Ten Boom). It's still a good game, though. Definitely worthy of playing, if you're into obscure Canadian soap operas.Which I am."
,Recommended,241600,8511477,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,CrazyBarks,"It's a great game, The only trouble I have with it is that I can't seem to find any armour from chests :/"
,Recommended,241600,7918498,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,scarethefish,"9/10 Not For the WeakI was surprised by how tough this game turned out to be. Controls are nice and tight that still didnt stop me from dying (grinding through) close to 30 heirs. That was just to get through what I assume was the first boss.I loved every death and ever minute of it.This game gives has enough driving you to make you want to explorer just a little bit further, if only to die again. A great throw back to simpler and more difficult platforming times.For fans of:CastlevaniaMetroidDiabloTerrariaRecommendations:Bring a controller.Rating: 9/10-Great Humor-Gameplay-Difficulty-Replayablility-Price"
,Recommended,241600,7807804,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Hovis,"Very fun, but very challenging. This game isn't for the faint of heart. You WILL die."
,Recommended,241600,14137921,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Draco Henri,"This game was seriously one of the best games I have ever played. It has great lore, nice humor, and great randomization. I do recomend! Please make a multiplayer version!"
76561198015670208,Recommended,241600,26496617,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,TheJester0673,"Its a love/hate relationship for me. At times its too easy, other times its relentless. I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game."
76561197960803042,Recommended,241600,26645939,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,coffee,I really like this game.  Reminds me of Castlevania SOTN (the best game ever made)
76561198066215107,Recommended,241600,27492903,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,arnoldoaad,a simple and well design game that will entertein you a lot
,Not Recommended,241600,17057960,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Mouttu,"Hey do you like clunky controls and complete random in a genre that is all timing and learning ? Did you enjoy playing demos where you could only play like 5 minutes before going back to the menu ? Do you think that close combat against shooters is a good definition of ""difficulty"" ?Then play this game.If you enjoy a good game, don't play this one"
,Recommended,241600,5507332,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,VI,Play it. Addicting.
,Recommended,241600,16812940,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,I am ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp,"It's a pretty good roguelike RPG, combat is a lot better than most roguelikes and this game requires skill, and not all luck."
,Recommended,241600,6682765,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Boulzer,"A side scrolling rogue like where the EVIL castle is ever changing you have different traits like all people, where your child follows your foot steps!"
76561198250567638,Recommended,241600,26528891,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Cafe Style,"it is a  good game if you ever have the chance to buy steam, buy this.... Why? Cause it  is a good game."
76561198116214058,Recommended,241600,26698694,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Just The Tib,Fantastic game
76561198063181921,Recommended,241600,27503126,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,X gon give it to ya,Good game :D
,Recommended,241600,8490627,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Avolition,"An instant classic!  If you're looking for replayability, this is the game for you.  It's unique take on the roguelike genre will appeal to fans and newcomers alike.  Though it's technically perma-death, your accumulated wealth lives on to the next generation of unique characters.  With some serious action-platforming and plenty of silliness sprinkled in, this is a definite must have for ANY gamer."
76561198079336875,Recommended,241600,10861798,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Blegs,Fun game
,Recommended,241600,8062383,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Aly,"It becomes a little bit repetitive after a while, but the different approach is a good thing to see."
,Recommended,241600,8273313,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Heindall,"It's a ""rogue like"" game that randomizes every time you go for it. It's a great game that makes you repeat it again and again."
,Recommended,241600,6441619,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,cd xx™,one of my  favorite games
,Recommended,241600,11900472,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Pirxel,Pure platform awesomeness - and it gets even better if you have a controller!
76561198103635105,Recommended,241600,12408871,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Postman Pat,Great game gave me 27 hours of gameplay and was just really fun in general
76561198120216603,Recommended,241600,9606642,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,AaronDunn44u,This game is hard but not frustrating and you can get warped by its challenge. There are different classes to play as so there is something for everyone. Easy 10/10
,Recommended,241600,8736931,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Harold Dingdong,An indie game that I actually enjoyed playing and actually can live up to it's hype.
,Recommended,241600,8474171,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jeffrey from Lord of the Rings,"Rogue Legacy is a game. In said game you kill... things. I.E. Skeletons, Ghosts, and STUPID DAMN EYEBALLS! WHAT THE HELL! HOW IS THAT EVEN FAIR? I mean um, it's very difficult. This game will break you unless you can figure out working starategies to take on different rooms. One of the best parts of the game is dieing. No I'm not joking. Upon death you are given the ability to choose a decendant. When selecting a decendant, you must choose based on class, traits, and special ability. This ends up coming down to what are you willing to give up in favor of something you like. It's overall a very fun and challenging game that I highly recommend."
76561198125266458,Recommended,241600,11078451,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Condo,"Great game, Tons of fun!"
,Recommended,241600,11112000,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Drac,Fun time killer and it gets pretty hard.
,Recommended,241600,11139578,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,KevynC,"Really great game, worth every bit of effort you put into it."
,Recommended,241600,16339201,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Rymere,"Played a knight named Sir Taco who had irritable bowel syndrome, and farted when I jumped or dashed.He later died to a spooky skellington.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,241600,7473305,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Oz,"Great game. Tons of replayability, addictive and challenging. Better with a controller though"
,Recommended,241600,18478376,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,♠ Dejnio,"Crazy shenanigans are happening in this game, and so much replayability you will be entertained for a long period of time ;)"
76561198067794712,Recommended,241600,30536569,Posted: 15 March,all,Salt Density,To all the people with negative reviews;Git Gud
,Recommended,241600,24248082,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Para,Good Game
76561198031360009,Recommended,241600,20510905,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mordmorgan,"Never finished it, but had a lot of fun in the meantime."
,Recommended,241600,9213438,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,The Trashman,I was murdered by a chicken. 4/5
,Recommended,241600,7889383,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jessro,"Such rogue, much legacy."
,Recommended,241600,14222359,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SmokeyWA,9/10 Stars.I knew it was going to be a simple castelvania style game but i got it because of the upgrades inbetween runs. the progression. glad i did. 20 hours of gameplay so far and i keep coming back to it. great with xbox controller
76561198044739417,Recommended,241600,13571297,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,KnifeWars51,"Great game but prepare to farm a lot, unless you are asian so probably you'll finish it at the first try"
,Not Recommended,241600,11209905,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,weregamer,"There ought to be a rule of common sense that a developer should have played Rogue or Nethack at least once before claiming their game is ""roguelike"", let alone aluding to the classic in their title.There is no strategy  in this platform-jumping action game. It's Mario with a generic fantasy skin and a couple of ideas that would have been interesting in a real roguelike.Sure, quite a few of the checkboxes in a clueless marketer's list of what makes a ""roguelike"" are ticked off here, but with the exception of procedural generation every one of those is equally true of a Mario game. And of things that would distinguish the two types of game, every point falls on the Mario side - frenetic button pushing combat, platform puzzles, and on and on through a catalog of things that are why I never play Mario games and like real roguelikes. Heck, the thing even defaults to assuming you have a game controller connected.If you are looking for game that's really roguelike, there are quite a few interesting ones available on Steam. I'd particularly point out Tales of Maj'Eyal and FTL for two nice and fresh takes on this genre."
,Recommended,241600,16451556,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HAMMERFIST117,This game is stupendous. Challenging enough to make me hate my life and yet with the cost of all the upgrades you can still upgrade at least one thing every time you enter the castle so you want to keep playing. Beat the first two bosses and monsters in the early rooms of the castle scale up and harder enemies start to spawn so it doesn't ever get easy. Well rounded and enjoyable game.
,Recommended,241600,15527682,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,cLOWn,girls with beards r hawt
,Recommended,241600,2937012,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,[BDF] Ksi,"Aaaah Good Old Hardcore games ... except that this game is not that hardcore, it looks and smells like it and the fun come out of progressively progressing deeper the game levelsThis is a must to have !!"
,Recommended,241600,10398678,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Omeron,"This game is not a roguelike, its a platformer with one life but you keep everything you find. This game was fun until you got near the end of a playthrough(you can playthrough infinite times i believe). at the end of a playthrough i always found myself spending a few hours farming to get remaining gear or runs and then as much gold for upgrades as possible. this is the kind of game you play when you tell yourself ""i have 20 minutes of waiting on something"". which is great and that time really adds up, for me this wasnt a sit down and lets play this game from start to finish though."
,Recommended,241600,7303847,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,obitom,"This is a really good game. It's difficult, it's rewarding and it's fun.Sometimes it's devastatingly punishing, just get over those moments and you'll end up rewarded.There's lots of surprising gameplay twists in the game that took me a while to get over, but they are a welcoming innovation in the end. Like endless characters and much more.I also recommend playing this with a controller to ease up on your fingers.Sound and graphics are awesome, replayability and hidden features are great and the upgrade system will keep you busy for quite a while.A cheap and good game, get it!"
,Recommended,241600,652,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Tim,Awesome game!
76561198061244752,Recommended,241600,8528296,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ITZ Dinetrik,Just get the game.... You won't regret it.....
,Recommended,241600,19723390,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,jowks,So many thing to upgrade.... yet so low on money... I.. NEED..... MORE COINS!!!!!111 RESTART RESTART RESTART
76561198062740583,Recommended,241600,8261568,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,The SHINIEST MEAT BICYCLE,Rogue Legacy is a game that is difficult and requires trial and error to increase your skill to get further in the game. A very fun game that provides quite a challenge and some interesting layouts for both the castle and your chosen heir. Careful consideration and patience is rewarded in this game as rushing in will get your chosen heir permanantly killed. Exploration is also rewarded with blueprints for equipment or gold to purchase  parts of your manor which hold upgrades and classes . You can also obtain runes which give you special attributes and abilies. Those who enjoy a challenge and trial and error to learn from past mistakes should definately look into Rogue Legacy.
,Recommended,241600,4736140,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,faggor king of gaystonia,if you can get past the unfunny jokes its ok i guess
,Recommended,241600,9154531,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,The Yellow King,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. Bought it on a whim during the Winter Sale after seeing it on Steam Train, and have put hours upon hours into it. I find myself going onto it to occupy myself for a short amount of time, and end up sitting there for ages just ploughing through it.Easily worth the price you pay, I'd take this over your big budget AAA games any day!"
76561198067638926,Not Recommended,241600,23404382,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Sapherno11,"I am personally giving this a negative review because I dislike the game.Basically for one reason. I hate how Random chance determines how far you progress in the begining. For new players, your sense of accomplishment is thrown out the window because your stuck balancing between horrible classes, or bad traits. If your lucky you'll have a good build, and you make a ton of progress.IF YOUR LUCKY. The further I progress, the more the progress I make is determined by random chance. I feel that is a bad game design, and takes a lot of the fun out of the game for meThat is my opinion though, if you don't care about that fact, go ahead and play it"
,Not Recommended,241600,20960830,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Ceronos,"This game with out a controler is near unplayable, would not recomend. It pisses me off so bad when games that are sold on PC!! wont let you bind anything to LMB."
,Recommended,241600,939846,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Lord Nuke,"This game is solidly good, incredibly challenging, and addictive. I highly recommend it to everyone. If you've got Steam, you're probably already the sort of gamer to enjoy this. Seriously. Holy crap this game is good."
76561198041166682,Recommended,241600,9380157,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,SlowAndLoud,"It's hard to describe a game where the humour isn't found in many other games. The closest description I can think of is a Binding Of Isaac humour with Castlevania gameplay, but that doesn't do this game justice. The ""traits"" add a fun little twist, and will always offer a fun little twist on your character than you wouldn't expect from other games.Do you have to grind experience? Yes, but the game flips the idea on its head, making you have to think about what you're doing with gold earned, as once you start another run you lose all the left over gold, so you have to get better to get better upgrades.It's hard, interesting, creative, and not like anything you'll find on steam. If you liked Castlevania or metroid, and you like exploring dungeons to every nook and cranny, and you want game developers with a sense of homour, this game is for you."
,Recommended,241600,30103635,Posted: 22 February,all,ICould,"It is the best roguelike game I have ever played, HANDS DOWN!!!"
76561197994699886,Recommended,241600,29590244,Posted: 30 January,all,lustfulSHARK,"amazing game, infinite replayvalue. Beat the game for the first time after 25 hrs and 250 dead, tough tough tough platformer. Can feel a bit repetetive but the challenge spurs you to on to keep on killing.9/10"
,Recommended,241600,8288155,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ThisCrab,"in this game, u play the hero ""me!"" hahaseriously tho ure gonna have to give it 100 percents if your are gong to make it thuru a death traps because uvideo games are good and this is a good"
76561197993869948,Recommended,241600,1501618,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Superscope,This game becomes a rather additictive drug. You've been warned!
76561198111648389,Recommended,241600,8440050,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Slendersmurf,This is a really fun game :)
,Recommended,241600,770755,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Minax,"A roguelike ""lite"". You play as a hero with the task to rid a castle of its monstrous inhabitants. The castle is procedurally generated, meaning it is going to be different every time you enter it. During your trip you defeat monsters, earn gold and (if you are lucky) you find blueprints for new equipment, or runes to enhance your gear.When the time for your inevitable death comes not all is lost, because your heir will take over. When your character dies you get to pick a new one (they all come with different, funny abilities). All the precious money your previous character looted gets transfered to their heir and you can use that money to upgrade your own little manor. You can buy new services (a blacksmith, for example) or use it to unlock new character types, or to increase various abilities and stats (there is a ton of stuff to upgrade!). So even if you die (and you will die A LOT) you still progress in the game. Rogue Legacy has about all you could want from a side-scrolling action game - boss fights, secret rooms, challenge rooms as well as New Game+. The game has full controller as well as ""Big Picture"" support.It has clowns, too."
,Recommended,241600,369324,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Ebu,Such a good game. Best played with a gamepad. Can't wait for the DLC. (Did I just say that?)
76561198045853087,Recommended,241600,18215084,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,TheGame,"Ever wanted to play as a teenage girl with cancer, aids, blindness, dwarfism, and OCD? Now you can. As an added bonus, you also get to smack things with a sword."
76561198075921395,Recommended,241600,10801398,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sykosis,"so hard, so goodgg game, gg"
76561198088415097,Not Recommended,241600,11063237,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,EvilDead2Rules,"Another game that confuses ""punishing"" with ""difficult."" Retro =/= Good."
,Recommended,241600,12978882,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ReduX,"This game is really frustratingly hard. OR (much more likely) I'm really, really bad at it.Pretty fun, name suggests most of it: a rouge-like in which you play as successive people down a bloodline.75/100"
76561198027540622,Recommended,241600,10780098,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Earl of Sandwich,"This game is amazing. Tons of enemies, tons of action, tons o gold, and tons of fun. One of the most fun games I've ever played."
76561198059581848,Recommended,241600,16364166,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dickie,"The only game where you can slaughter enemies as a gay dwarf to get revenge on your great, great, great, great, great, great grandad. 10/10 would die to spikes again."
,Recommended,241600,16386715,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,(/❛‿^)/★*･【βΩ𐊈〗,cool cool
,Recommended,241600,13962985,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Cr8ToR,came back from work (11:20 pm)took a shower (11:30)started a rouge legacy (11:45)go to sleep (04:20)10/10 whould start rouge legacy again !!
,Recommended,241600,13705801,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nab,"This is digital Jelly Beans. Sometimes it sucks, sometimes its awesome. And you can always stop after just one more.Not recomended if you have a life, resposibilities and such nonsense. Just one more."
,Recommended,241600,15498734,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Johnafin,"One of my favorite rougelike games, it belongs on a console!If you're looking for a rouge-like dungeon crawler, don't hesitate to buy this gem.Upgrades, experience, items, runes, coins, and DEATH!Love this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198121058764,Recommended,241600,15781410,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Wretched Face of Evil,So addicting.
,Recommended,241600,10647648,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,arbys oathbreaker,"yes it is good but why do you ask ill tell you. rogue legacies is an amazing game where youre wearing armor, and sometimes you have ladies armors but other times you dont the way you can tell if you are a lady is that you have a bowtie even if youre bald. p awesome"
,Recommended,241600,10439750,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Driklir,YES!!! So at first I was like eh... Then I was LIKE HMMM!!!! and after about an hour of playing I was LIKE YAAA!!!!Seriusly though this game has everything i love about indie games.1. its a platformer2. random runs3. each run doesnt have to be random4. strong castlevania enfluence (GOOD)5. awesome and a variety of eniemes6. Random characters.7. you get to upgrade your character8. lots of classes9. GOOD MUSIC10. A good challengeSOO... Ya this game is pretty legit. I would recommend you get it even if you only like half of those things i listed.
,Recommended,241600,10907947,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dr.Axxy,"This game is worth every little bit, its so fun what it can wast your time really quickly, just great! so go and buy it may not have to much replay value but it dose take a lot of of time to finesh!   9/10"
76561198115401533,Recommended,241600,24261753,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Bozs-Haagen-Dazs,"this game makes me want to hurt people.........will update if this changes :(propper d-pad control is a must!apparently i am a dumbass, thx"
76561198120024094,Recommended,241600,11233440,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Wasabi,"Very fun, easy to play for a long time, or just a couple rounds, and every round is different."
76561197972736995,Recommended,241600,7919708,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Vitruvian Stick Figure,I'm hooked. $15 is a very reasonable price for a game like this.
,Recommended,241600,8261028,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Zelter,"Rogue Legacy is a great game. You get a sense of progression, with unlockables and new shiney armour to wear. Anyone that says it is a grind is an idiot. I completed the game in roughly 15 hours, and have started New Game+, and haven't had to grind once. Clearly no one has played an MMO. There is no need to grind in Rogue Legacy.""Game is amazing, never put the controller down, brought a tear to my eye"" 10/10 - IGabeN"
,Recommended,241600,9155300,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,StellarPotato,"This game is the very reason I got Steam back in 2011. I installed this game after seeing a playthrough of it, and instantly fell in love. I stopped playing but after a while I couldn't ignore it anymore. And the completionist inside me forces me to continue playing. Rogue Legacy is an amazing game that is best played not knowing the lore, but seeing some gameplay. And I would strongly recommend it to anyone familiar to the platforming genre."
,Recommended,241600,9150226,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Kelmvor,"I will say flat out that I truly believe there can not be enough good things said about this game. So simple in premise but so vast and varied when you get to its complicated roots.One could pick up this game for a five minute playthrough and be satisfied. The more hardcore gamers out there could put hours upon hours into it to achieve all the unlockables, and blow through all of the difficulties.The graphic style sits very well with a game like this, and even though I have read about some issues while running it, I personally have not had any.Replayability is where this game really shines. If you want to you could play this game for hundreds of hours. I found myself comparing it to The Binding Isaac as I played again and again.In the end whether this game is on sale or it is full price, my advice will always be the same.Buy it Buy it Buy it!rlyonsii.net"
,Not Recommended,241600,9416484,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Theo De Raadt [rm -rf],"Repetitive gameplay, and unoriginal graphic style.The game's concept is very intresting, but tires quickly.Best played in 30 min segments."
76561198041771687,Recommended,241600,7849696,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TibbarRm,I have no clue what I'm doing with this game and I die a lot really quickly.  It seems fun but I'm pretty sure it would take me years to complete.
,Recommended,241600,8204721,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Jack Shephard[144wpm],"I never would have imagined that you can actually have fun while being angry, until I picked up Rogue Legacy. Instead of starting from scratch on each death like most other games of its genre, you have a set of skills / items / enchantments that stick and evolve. That system is what will keep you playing Rogue Legacy - the fun of progression, mixed with angry tirades from dying frequently."
,Recommended,241600,8245116,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Bamboozly,Yes out of 10
76561198061144848,Recommended,241600,11185283,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,timbernsb89,"Hodor! hodor hodor hodor. hodor, hodor hodor"
,Recommended,241600,8295733,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Blondie,Best Hard Game Ever! :D
,Recommended,241600,8486139,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,JonnyBidu,"This game is a ""MUST HAVE"" in your steam account. trust me you won't regret.If you want a game that is : old school difficult, amazing soundtrack ( all the songs are really catchys) and fluid controls,Rogue Legacy is for you!The game is worth it trust me!!! GO BUY NOW"
,Recommended,241600,9407800,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Zyperspace,Amazingly frustrating and challenging. Could play for days!I have experienced a few bugs but nothing gamebreaking.8.5 of 10 from me!
76561198202362208,Recommended,241600,14662214,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[wsg],"This game taught me to never, EVER, trust paintings."
76561198212672968,Recommended,241600,14668066,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Todd2403,"This is a great game, one you can sit down and play for hours and never get bored. The character traits and procedural generation keep the game fresh each and make each life that little bit more interesting."
,Recommended,241600,7755850,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ultraviper,"One of the few games I've played to make ""grinding"" fun. Early in the game you are a wimp that will die. A lot. But the more gold you gather for your legacy, the stronger your characters get and you can survive slightly longer than the last one. The classes are just different enough to keep things interesting from life to life (aside from the newly-randomly-generated world). The game plays nicely on a gamepad, as all platformers should. If I could change anything about the game it would be to have a greater variety of enemies and cut back a bit on the spikes and traps."
,Recommended,241600,7816018,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Barkie_Mailman,Friggin sweet game. Buy it!
,Recommended,241600,8710174,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dclyde,got killed by a painting on the wall.
,Recommended,241600,30678613,Posted: 22 March,all,GordoRolha,"Cheap, hard and very fun. 100% recommend"
,Recommended,241600,22780319,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,3AJIOP,"Купил, потому что были деньги"
,Recommended,241600,26923886,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Botzenhardt,"This game is fantastic, so many well spent hours"
,Recommended,241600,25848781,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Davich,Recommended ✔
,Recommended,241600,9166792,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,gimebooze,AWSOME GAME
76561198023576692,Recommended,241600,9159885,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Archaeoptyrix,all about grinding... lost interest after 9 hours and never returned.
,Recommended,241600,26405022,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,blastedlabs,"I really suck at these games and usually don't like them.I have played this game like 5 times over.  12/10, would dedicate life to Rogue Legacy again."
76561198000765736,Recommended,241600,19882326,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ratatat,It takes time to adjust to the slower controls than the typical hack and slash you will probably get used to them
,Recommended,241600,20024403,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,BadIndieGamer [Takeda],"Easily one of my favourite games I own, very frustrating at times but for the most part it's just so fun."
76561198041765642,Recommended,241600,19843078,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Len Kagamine,Interesting game with some humous quirks. Worth picking up and playing if you have the time.
76561198048069296,Recommended,241600,19819447,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Dxun,No
,Recommended,241600,19820869,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Thee Under Brake,Fun but can get very repetitive upon death.
76561198073023245,Recommended,241600,19857615,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Chef Boyardee,"Ravioli, Ravioli, this game is hardioli"
,Recommended,241600,20028083,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,muon,Girls can have beards too.10/10
,Recommended,241600,19856846,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,✗⍉✗~№S₭ILL~✗⍉✗,10/10 for being pure fun.
,Recommended,241600,8631122,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Iwizard,"Dark Souls in 2d, nuff said"
,Recommended,241600,9511429,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,chronicdog,"Like a cross between Castlevania Symphony of the Night, Ghosts N Goblins, Zelda 2, and Dark Souls. Basically its like crack."
,Recommended,241600,17994762,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mezzo,"This game was quite a bit of fun, though you probably should own a gamepad if you plan to buy this.The game can be challenging, but the main quest at least can be gradually overcome as you improve your gear and increase the power of your descendants. There's quite a lot of variety when it comes to the types of heroes (and heroines) that you play as and they often have unique quirks to make the game stay interesting.The castle itself is procedurally generated and typically follows certain conventions when it comes to room layouts.The real difficulty in this game comes from the challenge bosses. There are 5 challenge bosses that will make you want to commit sudoku.  There's a nice prize for defeating them all however and I definitely recommend you give it a shot."
76561198045600230,Recommended,241600,17923249,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,chaju7,"I honestly cannot get enough of this game. Besides the fact that this game is impossible without a controller, it is extremely addictive."
,Recommended,241600,13192515,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198089401760,Recommended,241600,10930930,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Micar,Extremely addicting. Love it
76561198052377946,Recommended,241600,33416538,Posted: 9 July,all,jethroSkull,Wonderfual experience if you're into the metroidvania genre.9/10
,Recommended,241600,9237083,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,IIIStrife,"If you want a game that's about as hard as Dark Souls but hardly as large, then choose this game.If you get annoyed easily. Never. Buy this game. That is unless you want to totally ruin your day.This game is fun. The enemies are ♥♥♥♥ing hard, this game is utterly unforgiving when it comes to even just one mistake...And in order to beat it, you gotta spend 40 ♥♥♥♥ing hours grinding gold.I love this game. But I also ♥♥♥♥ing hate it, it's ♥♥♥♥ing stupidly good. Stupid and good.This is literally the only game I've ever hated, yet loved. In my entire life."
,Recommended,241600,19110732,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Crimson of Rose,This game... <3
76561198086478002,Recommended,241600,15468183,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,kytair,This is a ****y plat-former that has Rouge-like attributes. I can be fun but it has A LOT of cheap deaths.
,Recommended,241600,7800757,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,"Donald ""Chicken Fucker"" Trump",Fun game. Challanging and always a new map layout to play. Think castlevania with a larger punishment for failure.
,Recommended,241600,456531,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Quarex,"This is the first time I have felt like I am playing something that is the same kind of fun as Castlevania: Symphony of the Night on my PC.I mean, I have basically not tried to find a PC equivalent of that game before, but here is one, and it is great.  I mean, it is way too hard, and that is something that people somehow do not seem to be talking about, but the good thing about dying constantly is that I never take it personally when I get killed yet again in a seemingly unavoidable way.  Because it DOES have the word ""Rogue"" In the title, after all.(I later figured out the reason it was way too hard was because equipping Vampiric gear lowers your hit points, so the fact that I was still dying from one or two hits to every enemy was due to my own ignorance rather than game design. Fun!)"
76561198125760743,Recommended,241600,23542454,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The Red Apple,"My god, I don't think I can think of anything wrong with this thing. Apart from MAYBE the randomness of the traits. This game is amazing."
76561198127441878,Recommended,241600,10489011,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,onemonkeyboy,"great game, fun, hard at parts, funny easter eggs, cool secret areas in every random deungeun.also, great gameplay that never ends,cool effects on every run, weard but awesome bosses/minibosses.all in all it is AWESOME!"
,Recommended,241600,30547042,Posted: 16 March,all,nix-,Really enjoyed this game!
76561198119344119,Recommended,241600,30561714,Posted: 16 March,all,ExiledTroll,"I loved this rogue like! It has nice humor, that isn't just skin deep (or in other words some of the humor actually effects the mechanics, how you play the game). And said humor is diverse, so you're bound to get a giggle out of it at the least. The gameplay is very satisfying, with each death feeling both inevitable, but also your fault. With each death you have the chance to buy upgrades for your character and all their ancestors (future characters in your playthrough), allowing you to set to some degree set the difficulty curve (or even setting). Which also rewards skill, as the more skillful you are, the more gold you are likely to get in a run, and the more gold you get in a run the more you'll be able to upgrade. If you could make sense of any part of that ramble, and like what you read, I highly suggest you pick this game up."
76561198315679533,Recommended,241600,30582582,Posted: 17 March,all,6smithjd,"After putting over 30 hours in this game I can say tha it is very enjoyable overall. First off the idea behind the heirs is cool and even though the idea is not very involved in the game it was engaging at the beginning. Playing the game it is easy to feel yourself getting better, at the begining you have to get used to the controls but once that is over with you cans start to get into the strategy of the game and how to take on each room. Now it only took me ten or so hours to beat the game the first time but once even after that is over I enjoyed beating the new game + although the new game +2 was nearly impossible for me to beat. So I would recommend this game if your looking for a fun and simple game to spend time on. My only cos is that it is a major grind and the key bindings can be akward at the start but still 5 stars and 2 enthusiastic thumbs up."
,Recommended,241600,30590584,Posted: 18 March,all,hippopotamus is cool,"I live, I die, my child dies, their child dies, we eventually get a neat castle but everyone's to busy dying to enjoy it."
,Recommended,241600,12908278,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rayzold,Many hours of hack and slash. Take it from someone who unlocked everything (and I mean EVERYTHING) in the game. If you like Rogue-like games you'll gonna love it after hating it in the beggining.Most important stats: Health and then Atk power. Best toon: Barbarian due to incredible health boost.End game you should switch to a different class.
76561198028325739,Recommended,241600,3867702,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,P1,it's addictive
,Recommended,241600,32133574,Posted: 2 June,all,skracked,You can be anything you want to be...as long as the RNG picks it for you
,Recommended,241600,32156152,Posted: 3 June,all,Cilic,I actually really hate this game.It's still a good game though.
,Recommended,241600,32164434,Posted: 3 June,all,IcyCyborg,For this game you HAVE to try over and over to explore and get everywhere. Every different type of person has a different weakness and advantage or just weakness like everythings inverted or upside down.
,Recommended,241600,32192303,Posted: 4 June,all,TheyCallMeAustin,10/10
,Recommended,241600,30316313,Posted: 4 March,all,MCS420,You will never get tired of this game
76561197971328340,Recommended,241600,16989501,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,GalactusPoo,"I almost rage quit.  10/10, would recommend."
,Recommended,241600,9052156,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,sync54,this game is fun
,Recommended,241600,30540720,Posted: 16 March,all,Realnoize,"I don't know what other game out there allows you to choose a hero with ""Irritable Bowel Syndrome"" as a character trait.Yep. Insert fart joke here. But even despite this uniqueness, this game is an excellent throwback at 8 or 16-bit platformers, with very good character development. Well, not really, as each character is living in a permadeath world, with one of your children continuing the quest when you die.This game as awesome replay value. I had it on my PS Vita, and PS4, and bought it again on PC. Played many, many, many hours on all those platforms combined. Castle being randomly generated (if you wish) for every one of your descendants adds a lot of that exploration fun.Can't recommend this game enough. Don't let the old school graphics put your off."
,Recommended,241600,8509400,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Neon1024,"You will die. Again, and again, and again, and again. Die to progress. Die to achieve."
76561198088597423,Recommended,241600,8950103,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Heroruzz,"So much fun, rage, laughter and tear shed over RL, Great game, Tech support are amazing too!"
76561197980364986,Recommended,241600,8959802,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Django,So much fun.
,Recommended,241600,8945311,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,cchopps,One of my favorite roguelikes. Kind of addicting.
,Recommended,241600,8943787,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Kalslice,Its kinda hard but its fun though man I like it a lot its ma favourite
,Recommended,241600,8944682,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Chunty,"Simply brillent, one of the besst games on steam for $15."
76561198058052404,Recommended,241600,8973313,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,weeZLow,its like a a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of metro and dark souls
,Recommended,241600,8946345,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Sleepies,Must play if you liked Castlevania or Metroid series! Two thumbs up!
,Recommended,241600,12893926,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,beefstew,"This game is hard, I recommend using an controller if you have one, It makes the game easier."
76561197993683039,Recommended,241600,15527472,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Commander Tom,Highly recommended. Loads of play-and replayability. Especially with this price
76561198344488934,Recommended,241600,31831789,Posted: 18 May,all,LordAddy,Insanely fun game. Probably the most fun controller game I have played yet.
76561198147665022,Recommended,241600,31834668,Posted: 18 May,all,edge peasant,"I'm in love with the genre, and this game is no exception. I never find myself getting bored while playing it because the challenges it poses keep me intrigued. If you enjoy games that are beyond frustrating at times but really fun it's more than worth the price."
76561198033860256,Recommended,241600,31811873,Posted: 17 May,all,"""1000 Needles"" Zeyon","The 3 Fs Funky, Fun and Frustrating. The challenge is there, but it is possible unlike other Rogue Likes. 63 hours for me to fully unlock all achievements. All kinds of weird traits that make each character have different challenges and strengths. A lot of treasure and equipment to collect, mix and match. Maybe snag in a sale if skeptical, I did."
76561198015043038,Recommended,241600,14544739,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Loodwig X,"This game is a rogue-like platformer that's pretty fun for a while.  This game has three phases, I feel.First, it's frustratingly difficult, where you are just getting slaughtered by surprising and unforgiving rooms.  The procedurally generated nature of the game means that you can't practice until you master it.  You also lose all your gold with every playthrough, so if you ALMOST could afford that tiny health upgrade but fell short, you'll be eagerly looking for cheat codes.Then, you have enough health to make some money, you now keep half your money each playthrough, you can take out the bosses, and you don't want to run as soon as you see something big.  You graduated to big boy pants... HIGH FIVE!Finally, you get through new game +X and you realize you are only playing this to finish off your upgrades, grinding for those few stat bonuses... and you took out those special hard versions of the bosses (the ones that gave you infinite attempts to beat).  At this point, the game is no longer fun.  But I guess this is where the game ends.It's just that... I still play other rogue-likes that I've mastered because the game presents a fun challenge.  Rogue Legacy is a grind all the way through, but it's a fun grind... for a while."
76561198057886486,Recommended,241600,11623594,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Wolfharth of the Jam,"Rogue Legacy is a perfect blend of Roguelike elements and Rpg elements. The game feels like a 2d Dark Souls. One difference, however, is that you don't usually get mad when you die. There are almost no penaltys for death, other than getting a different character that might suck or not getting enough gold to buy something. The games art style looks great too, with all the animations and sounds looking and sounding great. The game is a fun platforming/sidescrolling kill 'em up and is fun for everyone. With controller support it is even better! I personally give this game a 9/10. I say you should get this game and have a blast!"
,Recommended,241600,11382357,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,MicahWeil,"Where to begin with this one...It's a slow starting game, I'll say that much. You are going to die - a lot - until you build up your stats, your equipment, and get used to the controls. Of course, if you're a fan of metroidvania-style games, the controls are going to come rather easily to you.What puts this game into the ""you should probably get this"" circle is what it adds to the genre. Sure, you've got the whole ""run around and kill things"" aspect, the ""explore the castle"" aspect, and the ""pallet and stat swapped enemies"" aspect of the game that everyone knows and loves. The fact that you can choose a class (which gets extra abilities once you upgrade them) and traits that effect gameplay anywhere from cosmetically to significantly (play a character that has the trait ""The One"" at least once. Seriously) gives you a new character to do what you need to do each run. Amplify that with various stats you can upgrade, as well as different equipment you can use to alter how your character plays.The randomized castles may seem like a hastle, but it allows you to collect all sorts of treasures that didn't appear in the previous castle. It boosts replayability significantly, especially once you hit New Game+ and go back to being a punching bag.Eh, I seem to be going on a tangent. Bottom line's rather simple: BUY THIS."
,Recommended,241600,14461341,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,nationalsound,"It's like someone decided to make a sequel to Castlevania: Symphony of the Night but make it look like Ghosts 'n Goblins, inject some humor and randomly generate the whole game world each new time you play.  Cannot recommend this enough."
,Recommended,241600,4518513,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Nymlus,"You should certainly ask yourself if you have enough free time before you purchase this game, because it is addictive as all hell. In Rogue Legacy, you play a bloodline of misguided heroes who run inside a castle with their swords raised high, all but one of which will surely meet their painful end at the hands of its demonic denizens. Aside from its addictive nature, this game is also quite punishing and you may find yourself constantly dying in the first few rooms of the castle, especially in the New Game Plus mode. Maybe the blacksmith can give you a hint, since he appears to have gained the ability to live for thousands of years."
,Recommended,241600,10883727,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Zincoshine,"I bought a ASUS g750JM so I can play anything, but I'm not seeing the point when all of the good games these days are using graphics from the 90s"
76561198018664257,Not Recommended,241600,18893173,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Spodoba,"Few hours of some fun, and then just repeat the same thing and grind."
,Recommended,241600,11214298,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Rin,"If you change the letters around in ""Rogue Legacy"", you get ""A leg gore c yu.""Do you know what that means? Neither do I.10/10 best weird-disorder-actually helps-you-out simulator 2014 (Not having a foot pulse might just save your life, you know)."
,Recommended,241600,23392567,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,zOo wEE maMA,"OH MY JESUS. This game is the absolute best. All of the different traits you can come across for you 3 choosable characters, and the fact that you can keep your upgrades is so good, but its also really challenging as you have to give up alll of your gold as you enter the castle again. This game has me addicted. One of the best games I have ever played, and my game library is 100 games +."
,Recommended,241600,23390100,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bryanleo,"Rogue Legacy is a phenomenal game. Some of the classes are lack-luster, but you can simply not acquire them. However, for completionists like myself, you'll have to make due."
,Recommended,241600,3539046,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Not Peter,Danish Approved
,Recommended,241600,12880402,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,grapemane,Good game. You should pay up to $10 for this game.
,Recommended,241600,15641312,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,KFC Manager,i love it
,Recommended,241600,27928727,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Glitch,badge review
,Recommended,241600,9365021,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Frost3y,"As a general FPS gamer, I have to say this game brought me back to touch with what made me love gaming in the first place. The never ending challange and frustration of simply getting past the next area, even tho you're armed to the teeth makes every minute exciting."
76561197989677147,Recommended,241600,9365155,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Barely Competent Jim,"Great fun, really really difficult to start but gets easier as you go and death is just a part of the game anyway. Definately get it if you see it on sale"
,Recommended,241600,9366237,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Teppic,"Get this game, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,241600,9366249,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Pitpat,8/10
,Recommended,241600,9367368,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,AdamFace,"Very difficult and addicting, yet easy and fast paced at the same time. It keeps the classic rogue-like elements while still remaining to consistently feel fresh and new. A large array of enemies, bosses, and even random mini boss encounters keep you on your toes at all times; each and every enemy requires a completely different type of precaution. The different playstyles each playable character has provide different kinds of challenges and abilities depending on the player. It's one of my favorite games I've ever played."
76561198016551472,Recommended,241600,9368413,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Goodspeed,Very nice game. Can be quite hard and addictive. A well spent 40ish hours.
,Recommended,241600,9369259,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Taffer,"Really decent Roguelike Lite. It has permanent things you can earn but you have to earn enough cash in your playthrough to be able to do so. It starts pretty rough and you WILL die as I think the game is impossible to beat without the upgrades, unlike a game like Spelunky where you could beat it the very first time you play as if gives you all the tools you need from the start (you won't though).That being said, it's still fun and I still need to beat it. I really enjoy playing it with the Wii Classic controller.It is also a good laugh because there will be times when you get a trait that is simply silly and you know you won't last long."
76561198053944208,Recommended,241600,9370142,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,neumes84,A cool and interesting way of playing an action adventure game.. the RPG elements is not that high but it should appeal to many different types of gamers.. Play it!!
,Recommended,241600,9365947,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Specters,Amazing side scrolling platforming metroidvania experience. Love the RPG elements and the constant rewarding feeling of overcoming difficult fights.
,Recommended,241600,9370146,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,ProutBedaine,"I've played for about 48hrs and it was great all along. Challenging but not too much, just perfect. BUT still has some hidden challenges for the ones that really want to smash their keyboard in their face (because some people like that kind of thing apprently). Great gameplay, reminds me of a simpler Castlevania: SotN! Which is my favorite Castlevania game and one of the best games on the original Playstation! As a TON of replay value with all those classes, the map being randomized each time you die and New Games +, which each time you beat the game it gets harder! EACH TIME! The learning curve is perfect, the gameplay is fast and resfreshing for nowadays. The controls feel more than great, they're super smooth! I can't recommend it enough. For 3,75$ on sale is a steal!"
76561198023119548,Recommended,241600,9365806,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Bull Jockey,Get this
76561197995186057,Recommended,241600,9366072,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Unbiased Fox News,"Great game with a lot of replayability. I used a PS3 controller to play it, and I strongly recomend some kind of gamepad."
76561198057823221,Recommended,241600,9366307,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Gore6194ever,This game is fantastic. The enemy variaity is great. The randomized dungeons always keep you on your toes. You get to many upgrades to count. The graphics are great. OST is really good and fits the mood of each level. It takes practice to get good but once you do its very fun. I will say this game is VERY grindy so if that doesnt fit you I would skip this. I really cannot  think of a single negative about this game.Definetly in my top 10 for 2013.Get it on sale if you can but even at full price you will get your monies worth.
76561198043806442,Recommended,241600,9366718,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,StritzDiesel,TONS OF FUN. Wish I had got it for $5
,Recommended,241600,9366784,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Ocean Man,"Great game, keyboard controls suck (woulb be better if you could click to attack) but the xbox controller works wonders"
,Recommended,241600,9366860,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,kareni,This game might be the One. Marry it before it gets away.
,Recommended,241600,9368245,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Pewpewlazors,Purchased this game and was charged for it. It was not added to my steam library. Its even in my games when you view it via my profile. Valve has yet to do anything about it.
76561198013419125,Recommended,241600,9370309,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Taychuu,Highly recommend it. Be patient and continue to work at it and this game will become a great experience
,Recommended,241600,9366374,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Hovnocurak,"Fun game, large time sync, HARD AS♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,241600,9368825,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,IronShanks,"Lots of fun.  Every time I died, I said ""I will play just one more life"", and ended up playing about 20 lives.  There is a strong sense of character progression as you level up.  The hit boxes are clear and tight and the gameplay is challenging, but fun and fair.  A must-play if you are into rogue-likes or indies."
,Recommended,241600,16025234,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Neróxide,"Challenging game. The feeling of advancing after each death makes the game even better, and makes every character worth something, especially when they have the best combination of attributes. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,241600,10247858,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");","Lots of playability for such a tiny game. This game isn't to hard or to easy, its a go at your own pace kinda game 22 hours of gameplay and two bosses to go for me (if there is a boss behind the golden door) as I was to lazy to fight it out with any of the bosses until I was jacked up on stats. Why? - because this game can be casual or difficult depending on your own preferences. Such a radical idea could have gone south for a game developer but it works because their are many types of gamers with their own kinda preferences.A tactic I worked out was to unlock all profit perks early so when other perks become to expensive I can save %50 percent in-game money at the toll and collect max profits on my journey. Which in my opinion makes replayability funner. This trick I came up when I read a review on here saying their wasnt enough money to advance at all - which he marked the game as not recommended. Lesson here their is a solution to every problem."
76561198073337801,Recommended,241600,32593680,Posted: 20 June,all,freakyfreak7,Really enjoyable experience.
,Recommended,241600,8475113,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,King of Games,"there isn't even a rogue class, wtf"
76561197973880388,Not Recommended,241600,11775921,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Lornie,"It was an OK game, but I didn't like it beating you over the head with its politics.  It was a real turn-off."
,Recommended,241600,25125682,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,WaKKO151,"Let me start by saying that i played this game for at least a 1000 hours before i bought it on steam. Its a great game and its easy to get into.You start as a random guy who has a class, a gene, and a spell. So you could be a paladin thats color blind and can throw an axe. Or a Mage that can drop a giant blade on people and has irritable bowel syndrome.After you pick your guy you have are brought to your castle where you can buy things with the money you made last run. Like new buildings which make your guy better-er-er. After that you go to camp outside the enemy castle. There youc an buy items and equipment to make your guy better-er-er.Then you go in the enemy castle and fight until you die. picking up loot, and killing bosses.Rinse repeat. As you play it gets slightly easier with the buffs but really its you getting into the swing of things and learning about the game.There is a story and there are alot of great things to do but I don't want to spoil anything for you. Its a simple game that gets the job done. Its fun, and rewarding while still being challenging and punishing."
76561198014485375,Not Recommended,241600,15582091,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Mad hatters in jeans,"When I first started playing this game I had some fun discovering the different classes and abilities, unfortunately I never lived long enough as any one class to really see the abilities take shape in the game itself.The new heir system is more of a drag than an assistance to the player, random negative/positive traits and classes make it hard to get used to one way of playing the game.Considering this game is built around timing/reflexes this makes learning the basics really hard. Having to deal with the screen being upside down or the colour of enemies/attacks faded out is a real hindrance to learning.I never got past the stage of learning how to play the game and beat opponents effectively because I couldn't live long enough. Then when I did feel like I made progress with one class I wouldn't be able to progress further with that class because they didn't appear as an heir.It's like being asked to learn how to ride a bike, then the instructor laughs manically halfway through and i'm thrown into learning how to drive a car then i'm asked to do cartwheels instead. I'm happy learning all of the different classes this game has but the way in which this is implemented completely stymies any new information learned.Unfortunately the problems with this game don't just end at merely learning how to play, the progession system is another part of the game that looks like it could do with an overhaul as well. Moving the goalposts in a pay-unlock each upgrade feels like i'm being cheated after I make every upgrade.Even at the cheap price I got this game I cannot recommend it. Even if there was a 100% discount this game is not worth the time it takes to download. The problems stem from the bad game design throughout the entire product."
,Recommended,241600,22189245,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,"Life lesson, don’t breed with person who has negative trait. Your children might end up as color-blind, vertigo barbarian"
76561198008968667,Recommended,241600,2537955,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Frankencastle,"This is an infuriating, addictive and pretty damn fun little game. it reminds me of old school games i loved like ghouls and ghosts and wonderboy 3, i normally wouldnt touch a game with graphics like this and a side scroller with my neighbors pc, but damn im glad i took a chance on this one"
,Recommended,241600,308381,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Muppet King,"I find this game to have very fun and rewarded if not addictive game play. The mechanic used for respawns IE picking out your heir who has random traits, both good and bad is nothing short of genius.If you like hard rewarded semi-rogue like games and crave customization and talent tree's and crafting systems, I'd highly recommend this game!"
76561198049089471,Recommended,241600,30931004,Posted: 3 April,all,BoringZ,"Rogue lite platformer, with some upgrading and persistent progression with subsequent characters"
,Recommended,241600,32404993,Posted: 14 June,all,Crys3125,"Fun, addictive. I have terrible hand/eye coordination so playing most platformers at the higher levels is too difficult for me, but this game has mechanics to allow my characters to develop even if I'm not excelling in each game. There are also options like runes that allow you to shore up your weak points (for me, that means adding flying so I stop jumping into every spike) or increase/decrease the difficulty of monsters - with consequences, of course. It's very encouraging for a roguelike game, and the character traits are limited but fun. My brother used to play old school platformers with me as kids and he was absolutely enthralled by the smoothness of the gameplay while holding true to the feel of the old games. Also, Santa likes to fly by occasionally. Who can hate a game like that?"
,Recommended,241600,555969,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Asmodai_00,This game ♥♥♥♥ing owns.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=156041719
76561198013132245,Recommended,241600,2821952,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,huminado,"Recommend?  Not so much.  If you own a controller, maybe.  But not that great on keyboard - can be pretty frustrating.This was my introdcution to rogue-likes.  I find it pretty tedious.  But it has variety and might be enjoyed by some.  I might even enjoy it some day.  But for now - every time I play - it's tedious."
,Recommended,241600,13661477,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The Lord of the Pidgeons,One of the best titles I own
,Recommended,241600,10518288,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Khem Boi,Timeless.
,Recommended,241600,7053237,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,GameDragonZero,"A disturbingly addictive and smart game that's a mix of Roguelike, Ghosts and Goblins, and Castlevania.  Random layouts, plenty of secrets, tough difficulty, smart mechanics - and the humorous element of every time you die, your descentent (who may have all sorts of traits that are odd takes over).  A wonderful, addictive, fusion."
76561198060518343,Recommended,241600,6171210,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Supa-Troopa,"I've played 2D Castelvanias, I've played 2D Metroid, I've played Demon and Dark Souls. This game is a unique mix of all that games, with it's own charms and quirks (and a good bit of humour). Very good price and quality overall. Totally worth it."
,Recommended,241600,12928192,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Murtle,Most fun I've had since Spelunky.(and that was a game I played every day without fail for an entire year!)I am beginning to think that the creators of roguelike games are amongst the last of the innovative developers in indie gaming.Great game at full price. Do not miss it on sale!
,Recommended,241600,13149258,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Mr. Matt,"I typically hate any and all rogue-like or rogue-lite games. This is really the latter, because each time you die, you can spend the gold you got on your last attempt at the game before going back in again, thus upgrading all future characters that you try to beat the game with. Granted, any money you didn't spend goes away when you go back in, so you do need to do better each time you try if you want any progress, but all of the unlockable bonuses and your own experience of playing will make you stronger and more knowledgeable about your next attempt. It's an uphill battle, but if you love tons of upgrades and the satisfaction of overcoming a challenging game, you'll like this game. More importantly, the hardcore types can forego getting a bunch of the upgrades if they really want to have a challenge and prove how awesome they are, while the total wimps like me are given enough progress through unlockable gear you get to keep and stat upgrades you get to keep that you'll eventually have the power and your own personal skill to win. I actually like this game. This, Crypt of the Necrodancer, and FTL are the only games in the ""Rogue"" vein that don't give me epic rage, so that's really saying something. Fun game. =D"
76561198011506911,Recommended,241600,13279034,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tairy Hesticles,"Challenging Ghouls N' Ghosts, roguelike gameplay combined with randomized castles after each death (and yes, you will die a lot). Lots of cool upgrades for your character as well, along with funny elements added in with each playthrough like colorblindness and 2-D vision. A must-have for any fan of roguelike games."
,Recommended,241600,15734697,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Klokinator,"I played this game the first time ever when I pirated it. I pirate a lot of games. I've pirated every game I've ever played, and the most important thing to take from this is I only purchase games on Steam that I've aleady pirated and love, so that I can support the developers. The lone exception is when I purchase a game bundle for like $4, and it's usually because one of the games was one I pirated and loved.Rogue Legacy is not just one of those games, it's the defining example. There are only three other games I've loved as much, the first being Super Metroid, the second being Deus Ex (Original), and the third being LoZOoT. My Steam counter right now only shows 10 hours of playtime, but before I bought this game, I pirated it. And I played it for maybe a hundred hours in total. I can't get over it, it's just so damn great!First off, the platforming is insane. You 1-3 shot all enemies except Uber enemies, Mini-Bosses, and Main Bosses. On the contrast though, unless you're playing a tank class, they also 1-5 shot you! You can't mess around, they will eat you whole in the beginning! But as you play, you get coins, and when you die, you spend those coins in a massive system that extends its way into infinite New Game+ modes. For example, you can upgrade your HP 75 times! There are like, I don't know exactly... probably 12 classes, plus 12 upgraded forms of those classes, plus 30 stat boosts that can all be upgraded 75 times as well.The upgrading really feels intuitive and like your choices mean something. Do you keep dying a lot? Buy more health and play as a Barbarian King/Queen! Use your Fus Do Rah (It's spelled that way) to knock projectiles away! Do you wish you could use Time Stop for longer periods? Play as an Archmage and use your huge MP pool to freeze time and whale on bosses!The platforming is perfect too. It's exactly like what I always wanted in a GOOD MMX1-3 sequel. In fact, the platforming is even better than Megaman. It's better than even Metroid, because every jump feels incredibly responsive thanks to pixel-precision movement. You can slightly tap left or right to move a pixel or two over. It feels RIGHT.If this game is on any kind of sale, get it. If it's not, get it anyway. Support these developers, and join in the throng of people begging for a fully realized sequel."
,Recommended,241600,25993235,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ayetoday,"would be born with alektorophobia and coprolalia again, %#&@!✮✮✮✮½"
,Recommended,241600,20343036,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Neckroll the 70th,"While it may appear to be just another nostalgia-driven paycheque generator on the surface, its wonderfully original structure and genre combination make its largely imitative gameplay feel fresh and exciting.Full review:http://www.cubed3.com/review/1559/1/rogue-legacy-pc.html"
,Recommended,241600,33983200,Posted: 2 August,all,Relle,"Rogue Legacy takes the rogue-like genre and turns it on its head! If you enjoy games like the Binding of Isaac or FTL, or if you like action platformers and don't mind a certain RNG element, Rogue Legacy just might be the game for you. Want to know whether you should buy it? Check out my review for more details!https://youtu.be/h8nvOe5ZjPM"
76561198004195595,Recommended,241600,7803425,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Moon Punisher,"This game is really fun.Honestly , you cant go wrong getting this."
76561198029398098,Recommended,241600,3938599,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Epic The Incandescent,"Challanging fights,  easy to grasp mechanics, loads of space to explore, nigh infinite level design,unforgiving yet fair upgrade system, and lots of little quirky things here and there to make you laugh: rogue legacy is worth every penny"
,Recommended,241600,8330175,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,PainKnight,"AWW ♥♥♥♥IN' YEA.  YOU KNOW WHAT YOU DO IN THIS GAME?  YOU KILL♥♥♥♥♥♥ AND TAKE IT'S GOLD, SO YOU CAN KILL♥♥♥♥♥♥AND TAKES IT'S GOLD.A very repepitive, but in a good way, kind of game.  It's all about that dungeon grind baby.The grinding isn't terribly fun, but learning the champs skills, and what is strong and what isn't, it actually a lot of fun.Worth at least $10, would pay more if it was just a little less grind and a little more ""murder everything for the shinies."""
76561198053882823,Recommended,241600,10041878,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,MIo,"As someone who really enjoy rouge-likes and hard games this was perfect. A intresting skill-tree with things that made a diffrence. You could collect items and buy runes. Unlike some other rougue-likes you felt a diffrence when you bought the diffrent items. An example would be a cape that gave you 2 extra jumps, runes that made you dash and new classes if you investes in the skill tree. You felt progression. And also you will die allot.my one complain would be that the laste boss is super esey with the right runes. But hey its still an awesome fight."
76561198073505394,Not Recommended,241600,10756041,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nigerian King of Scam,"Great artwork, music, atmosphereNot so great controls.The Xbox 360 controller seems irresponsive and chunky, with one of the, if not the worst D-pad I ever used.Don't buy this if you don't like bashing your head into a concrete wall until something gives.Yours truly, one of those who never git gud."
,Recommended,241600,14187359,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,[Redacted],This is one of the many games where you'll actually want to die in.
,Recommended,241600,15506814,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Krob,"Suffering from hypergonadism, I still managed to navigate the spike room with ""boys"" in tact.  Even though I'm a lady that is balding with a beard.10/10"
,Recommended,241600,15590134,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bitchcakes,"One more run.Ok, really, one more run.Last run, this is it.Got money and upgraded, one more run to check stuff out.I didn't like that run, one more to be proud of...Died so soon, that one didn't count, one more...CAN'T STOP!Great game... definitely a rough start, wasn't sure I could get into it, but now I'm hooked.Traits are really funny to play with.  It's so difficult I just laugh when I die."
,Recommended,241600,134488,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Em McNasty,.
,Recommended,241600,13844073,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Myraseth (Read profile 1st),"I absolutely love this game. The replayability is insane, it's JUST challenging enough, and the traits you start with shake things up and give a good laugh. Well, WELL worth the money. I love streaming this game."
76561198046984571,Recommended,241600,8444078,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Frozenreaper,"This game is simply brilliant. I personaly love it, the idea of picking a random Knight to continue the quest to kill all bosses and beat the castle is a lot of fun. also the way the game works is very solid. Recommend using a controller if you have one, if not then ur just like me stuck to the Keyboard which is also good enough (takes some getting used to though). I've set it up to have my controlls as Movement :WASD and Space to jump. attack is ''I'' and specials are J and L so its a bit clunky on Keyboard but i got used to it and it works fine. i say its most definetly worth the shot if you are into these kind of games!"
76561198061225607,Recommended,241600,24825298,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Confused Boi,Got nothing to say other than its a great game which is worth sinking time into
76561198055411527,Recommended,241600,7956634,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,DaveyJones77,This is a very good game. It reminds me of SOTN but with a twist.
76561198029751280,Recommended,241600,34008010,Posted: 3 August,all,SoLiDSoNiC,i liked it
76561198303641803,Not Recommended,241600,35247897,Posted: 27 September,all,Jehcoube,I played the Console version of this and graetly enjoyed it however the PC version has a hideous control scheme to the point of unplayability and almost a direct copy of the console version i can see myself playing this if this is changed and you are allowed to change what the arrow keys do the gameplay was brutal enouph on the console version however with these controls it makes the sections where you have to climb upwards from a difficult challenge. overall i can see myself playing this again but i would much prefer to play the console version simply because it is simpler and more cohesive as a whole alsso full screen mode is hideous
76561198140351189,Recommended,241600,12928358,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,EPOP Taxiarhos,i finished  so many times but i still play it !!!!
76561198058593755,Recommended,241600,15532339,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Pogie,"This game can go ♥♥♥♥ itself, 9/10"
,Recommended,241600,8392769,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Grey Fox,Rogue manages to take all the quirky perma-death goodness of a Roguelike and mashes it together with persistent stat/castle building. I usually get frustrated and bored with Roguelikes really fast but this one has me hooked. Like typing this up at 4:30 in the morning hooked. ♥♥♥♥ you Cellar Door Games for making me stay up late playing your crack addiction of a video game.
,Not Recommended,241600,8012271,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Mori,"Nice concept but ultimately very shallow. The generational aspect was nowhere as deep as I thought it'd be, and the castle exploration is pretty middling as well. The controls feel somewhat floaty and inprecise, which is a huge annoyance in a game with a significant amount of platforming and bullet dodging.If you're looking for a roguelike with depth and fun gameplay, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,241600,7779073,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Top Crocodile Only,"This game is really popular and well loved by many, but it just did not grab me like I hoped.  Maybe it is just me, but the platforming seemed poorly executed, the genetic 'hook' is awesome, but the pool is too small, and you really don't ever feel a progression (at least as far into the game as I got)."
76561197964864960,Not Recommended,241600,10425765,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Lanilen,"I bought this game for five dollars on sale, and I already feel cheated. Apparently the way to play it is to throw yourself to certain death over and over until you soehow manage to squirrel enough gold to buy enough upgrades not to throw yourself at certain death. And the best part is that they call this thing ""roguelike"", somehow having reduced the ""legacy"" of the Roguelike games to simply ""die a lot"", and off the window goes all the planning and strategy of Rogue, Nethack, and their ilk.This game's terrible. Don't waste your hard earned cash."
,Not Recommended,241600,7795455,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,[SFM Animator] Doctor Grubbo,"Rogue Legacy has a good concept, but it feels too grindy, and the gameplay itself not quite as polished as you might expect from a Castlevania-type game. It doesn't anticipate the actual entertainment expectations of an audience like it should. It also throws in lots of little inconsistencies in how it runs, creating unneeded delays in game pacing (the beginning, where it forces you to wait through mini interactions just to get things done instead of getting out of your way so you can play) that should have been caught in playtesting, and would have elevated it up the chain of games.Graphics are alright for the type. Levels and enemies are straight out of Castlevania, which is to be expected, with a cartoony edge. Music and sound effects do the trick and never seemed particularly annoying. That's about it for its presentation. It does the job.Since Rogue Legacy's claim to fame is its ""Family System,"" I'll tell you why I don't think that works.Concepts that would actually make it fun to keep track of your family line are absent. Once a family member dies, you can not review what they were like in detail by selecting them in the ""tree."" All you get is a really simple card. The interface for the family tree doesn't seem to be built for anything more than casual perusal; certainly not for backtracking very far. It lists members like achievements, one by one in a horizontal row, and forces you to use the keyboard to go back and forth, and doesn't get noticably faster if you hold the keys. Play this game any long length of time and I can easily see it taking minutes to get back to your first family member. Another complaint is family member last words are nothing more than gameplay tips instead of being relevant to who they are or the journey they had. The lone exception I noticed was a character who spent his entire time cursing -- his last words were also cursing.In fact, besides gameplay quirks (which really are just that) there isn't anything in the family system that makes you feel you've taken the role of the next in line, and are instead just playing the exact same character with random modifiers thrown in so you hardly get a chance to be excited about using a new skill to advance or have fun. And as soon as you start using a new character quirk, the game's high difficulty curve annihilates your character with no chance to go back and recover, depriving you of the experience of getting attached to either the character or the family he/she belongs to. Then after that, the game takes away all your money after you level up your stats, and unless you want to get future-reemed financially by the castle unrandomizer, you have to take your new character into a totally different castle, throwing off your sense of balance. This all leads up to a feeling of wasted time as the game constantly pushes itself away from you instead of intimately bringing you in for a good time.You may see I have about an hour of playtime at the time of this review. Is that really fair? I don't know. But the game's flaws were obvious enough for me to write a pretty fast piece about it. It's a not-so-great, grind-heavy Castlevania clone with a forced random modifier element that should be exciting, but because of the execution of its lone hook, instead feels like an uninspiring chore.Do not recommend. I want to, but I can't. Someone else should take this concept and run with it, though.And I wish there was a demo for me to try out."
,Not Recommended,241600,10729194,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,a loaf of bread.,"Do you like Super Meat Boy? Do you wish it had input delay, inaccurate hitboxes, and grinding akin to a modern mmorpg? Well here you go. Rogue Legacy manages to do all that at once. One of those games where more time was spent on the funny writing than the mechanics."
76561198094919872,Recommended,241600,15512854,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Door-to-Door Hentai Salesman,I bought this for $15 2 days before it went on sale for $3 ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,241600,7877173,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Exdeath,Grinding: The Game. We Love Castlevania Edition.
76561198119182180,Not Recommended,241600,9415589,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Dr. Soup,"Surprisingly addictive, ""Rogue Legacy"" beautifully captures the hack-and-slash feel of the old SNES/Sega days.Though discouragingly difficult at first, once you get past the choppy controls, Rogue Legacy has alot of promising aspects & shows alot of potential.I personally feel the game would have done well to steer away from the ""Rogue-Like"" aspect of permanent death, or perhaps made it an optional mode.Though this game has many great, promising, addictive qualities,... i overall found it a little too frustrating to keep playing."
,Recommended,241600,7787924,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,YouGotOwned,"HOLY ---- THIS GAME IS ON SALE FOR $5.09!?!?!?! GET THIS, IT IS ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE! One of the best RPGs I have ever played, amazing game, tons of content, and extremely fun and high quality gameplay. Get it for sure!10/10 Must Buy, even when it's at full price!"
76561198001049803,Not Recommended,241600,7832436,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Balabos,"Yaknow, great concept. Generational dungeon explorer. So your offspring continue on your genetics, maybe even specializing to your playstyle... er... no. Not this game.Then I learned that each of them has random genetic defects. Near/far sighted, flatulence, etc Some are just downright negatives, others are mixed bags. Kinda cool in a ""disabled people still contribute or are even better at certain jobs"" kinda way. Then gay/lesbian popped up as a disability. Fortunately, it doesn't ""do"" anything to you. But I found playing a game that lumped in gay/straight as a genetic disability type to be rather disturbing and totally unnecessary.Finally, of course, the boulder that broke the camel's back is that your ""descendents"" are totally random. They have NOTHING to do with the previous generation. Plus you actually choose from three random new people each time. So you don't really ""work with your disability"" or are ""related to your parents"" at all. Deceptive.In the end, this game is just a somewhat cleverly made jumper/scroller with a wrong-headed idea of not-genetics on the front. Not worth the money, and not that fun."
76561198068926428,Not Recommended,241600,15499233,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,keepingitmetal,"This game was on the forefront of the rogue-like craze. It was great at the time, but I honestly think it is rather antiquated and poor compared to other rogue-like games you can get on Steam for cheaper, in the modern day. As a result I have to not suggest it.Rogue Legacy truly necessitates you dying a♥♥♥♥♥♥TON before you have characters capable of a decent dungeon run. The dungeon being randomized each time you go through keeps it from being repetitive, but it also sort of eliminates any semblance of progress or success each and every time. This can be remedied by ""locking in"" the current dungeon via spending a ton of the games' currency, but by the time that is financially viable.... you would have died so so so many times. That's the main issue - it's such a slow starting game. You have to die too much. I get these games are intentionally difficult but... I don't know, to me, this borders more on poor design then ""old-school difficulty""."
,Not Recommended,241600,8355823,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,yutt,"TL;DR Floaty, imprecise platformer with dissatisfying combat, repetitive gameplay, with MMO-like stat/gear grind.Platformer rogue-like that's highlights are random character traits and character legacy. You can choose from one of three children of your previous character, and you have all of the equipment and hero abilities available that your ancestors unlocked. These provide your characters with bonuses to health, armor, damage, mana pool, etc. Each character has random traits that can provide benefits or detriments; colorblind, gigantism, dwarfism, ADHD, etc.The gameplay is standard side-scroller fighting, with jumping, a melee attack, a magic attack (usually ranged), and blocking. Jumping feels really floaty and imprecise compared to other platformers (Super Meat Boy, Dustforce, They Bleed Pixels, Electronic Super Joy, etc.)Overall the random character traits don't improve the experience, they seem like random annoyances in what is already a frustratingly difficult game. The levels are randomly generated, and often you are given incredibly difficult level immediately. You can die in just a few hits, and health is extremely rare. Boss fights are brick walls you will throw your characters at until you grind up enough gold to get enough upgrades to brute force through them. Oh, along with getting lucky enough to get a level generated and and character traits that allow you to make it to the boss fight and defeat the boss more easily.I wanted to enjoy the game, but unfortunately due to the mechanics, it never let me. Making progress is incredibly rare, and when it occurs it doesn't often feel like you accomplished anything, you simply finally earned enough gold to buy enough upgrades to cheese your way through.Unlike most platformers, I don't feel like I am getting any better at the game. It feels more like an MMO grind."
,Recommended,241600,16317934,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Why Did It Have to be Snakes?,"If I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die historic in the Castle Hamson!"
,Not Recommended,241600,8642125,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,etherflan,Quite possibly the worst control scheme I have come across.
76561198019910044,Recommended,241600,30090740,Posted: 21 February,all,Ackranome,"This game is totally worth 3 dollars.  Holy crap.  Also, I put 80 hours into this game a while ago one of the few games I've bothered to go ""perfect"" on. Learn to pogo, you won't be able to farm too early on until you get some gear.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5KM9r2d_wEDon't forget all the secrets. There are so many of them.  Bosses are enjoyable as their patterns aren't too complex but nor are they totally cake.  The ""free"" update DLC the developers provided this game was also really nice.Anyone can be a hero!  But... it may not be your ancestors....Believe it!"
76561197970949750,Not Recommended,241600,11868140,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Footlamp,"This game is difficult, but rarely challenging.  It is addictive, but rarely fun.  Many of their ""challenges"" are trivially easy if you have randomly picked the right class/spells/attributes for it, and literally impossible if you haven't.  Very often you will come across a chest that you could simply walk over to and open if the character you picked had Dwarfism, but you didn't, so you can't.  Challenging!  The game starts out feeling hard but rewarding, like Super Meat Boy, but after a while it just becomes a matter of farming until you're good enough to beat the bosses.  Two of their super-uber-boss fights actually require strategy and learning, but two others are entirely based on luck: the boss has a kills-you move and a you-can-hit-him move, and winning is just a matter of him choosing the you-can-hit-him move more often.The game is filled with ametuer-feeling design descisions.  The classes are tremendously unbalanced, to the point where a spellsword with fire shield can easily clear the entire map on 2+ difficulty, while most other classes die in a few rooms.  A hokage is simply better than an assassin in every way.  One class's special ability is that they stop sucking after clearing half the map.  Gold is your experience, but they have a silly little curse that causes you to spew all your gold out when you get hit.  If they took eight seconds to sit down and think: ""does this make our game more or less fun?"" they would have never kept it.  But it's because Sonic the Hedgehog, get it!?  LOLZ!  In fact all of their attempts at humor are based on either pre-existing memes or potty noises.  There's nothing wrong with immature humor, but they forgot to include the ""humor"" part.For such a small team, the game feels surprisingly corporate.  It's filled with in-game advertisements; yes, for other games by the same company, but advertisements still.  They definitely have the ""minimum viable product"" down: the game has surprisingly little content.  Their four (count 'em, four!) different tilesets get old quick, and it doesn't take that long before you've bought all the upgrades and have nothing interesting to do.  All in all, this game shows that Cellar Door has been going downhill since Don't Sh*t Your Pants."
,Not Recommended,241600,8821720,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Gamer X,Game teased Count Snackula boss battle but failed to deliver. C+
,Not Recommended,241600,13780653,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Evolve,"Platformer with a NES difficulty - gamepad is mandatory (don't even try it with keyboard), puny frustrating attack, puny frustrating magick, hard to avoid projectiles, INSANE grind - this Haron mechanic is just TOO much over the top.I'll recommend it only to platformer skills perfectionists, who like to torture themselves until they master the game.4/10."
,Not Recommended,241600,17200889,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Stexe,"I really want to like this game. Rogue-likes are one of my favorite things out there. But this game just fails at it.Not even looking at the extremely similar recolored enemies, boring level design, and overly frustrating small resolution, there are a lot of problems. The game emphasizes heavy grinding and global persistence. That works when the persistence doesn't give you sheer number advantages (such as new class unlocks or different options to play), but when you play just to farm gold to get more damage for your next run it kills everything ""rogue-like"" about it.The game is extremely unforgiving, which I enjoy. I love games like The Binding of Isaac and Crypt of the NecroDancer ... but both of those games allow you to get better through quick learning and good feedback. This game has none of that. It just kills you for not being able to see a small projectile from a room away or because you're hopelessly outgunned due to never leveling up the ""correct"" path. Plus, upgrades get more costly whenever any of them is upgraded. I understand the design decision behind it (to encourage diversity in paths), but it just fails. Even the designers themselves said that in their GDC talk.Ugh. I so wanted to love this game and it is decent for $3 or so that I paid, but I couldn't imagine spending $10 or even $15 for it. So many problems that just adds up to making it a meh title."
,Not Recommended,241600,9374567,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,War,"Starts off well but it's way too much of a grind to enjoy. I got a trainer which multipled my gold and it was less tedious.Very unforgiving and a time sink, not really what modern gaming should be about."
,Recommended,241600,9365871,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Cyanidekoolaid,"Be prepared to lose many hours of your life if you start playing Rogue Legacy. The game is super addictive and drives you to keep playing for one more round.I'm sure you know the basic idea behind the gameplay by now.  You're a knight who is entering into your father's castle to do battle with the creatures that live there. Every time you die new children are spawned. Each child has their own traits. Traits range from helpful to making the game almost difficult. You are granted the money the previous generation earned to upgrade your character and purchase equipment to help you on your way. The castle itself is extremely challenging, and dying is ensured.I personally enjoyed the gameplay very much. It's very challenging and you're going to die many, many times.The good part is that you can purchase the upgrades to make the game easier to even those of us who aren't great at platformers can eventually progress. The upgrade system is awesome. The system the game uses to price these is right on, it allows you to advance but makes it difficult when you start looking to max things out or purchase the more expensive upgrades. This is helpful because every round your money is reset. The system usually has something you can purchase so your money doesn't go to waste.Every time you die a new generation of characters is born for you to take your pick from. They each have their own traits and classes and it's up to you to decide which ones you want to play. So you favorite class might not always be availible, and you might be left with poor choices in terms of the traits they have. The one thing that would have made this better would have been if they would have taken into account more of the genealogy. It doesn't appear that breeding effects the future choices and they appear mostly random.The castle interior is a great mix of jumping puzzles and combat. The room order is randomized each time you go in so figuring out where to go can be a challenge as well. It's broken down into distinct zones that each have their own enemies and challenges, as well as their own bosses. The controls are tight and responsive, making each death seem ""fair"" instead of due to game issues. The amount of the castle you can reach greatly increases as your character gains power.The graphics and sound are awesome, giving you a bit of a retro feel with some modern twists. The characters are highly varied; ranging in height, width, and design each with their own benefits.If you're looking for a game to sink some serious time in, but that can also offer you a quick ten-minute play session this is the game. It's a great combination of the long-term and casual gameplay blended into one.Gameplay: 8/10 Tight controls, fast paced action, good upgrade system, funGraphics: 7/10 Basic retro-styled graphics with funny elementsSound: 7/10 Tight sound track with tunes that fit the atmosphere of the gameTime: 9/10 You can burn some serious time in this game. It offers great replayability, even if you do beat it which is hard."
,Not Recommended,241600,12960676,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Fuchs,"First thing's first, this is actually a decently entertaining game. It's fun to play, movement feels smooth, plenty of upgrades to keep you playing.However, after playing this game, I think it's clear that Cellar Door Games has absolutely no understanding of level design whatsoever. Levels are specifically made to cause harm to the player in ways that are near impossible to avoid, whether it be putting an enemy or trap at the immediate start of the room so you run into it and take damage, or over-the-top platforming over obstacles to get to your objectives. Unfortunately, this makes the game very luck-based and difficult to play.Game design is very poor. Enemy's have flawed movement, occasionally just running through walls, or suddenly jumping or moving back when they shouldn't. Projectiles sometimes clip through walls when they shouldn't. Spell physics don't make sense, which also makes spells almost completely useless.All in all, these things seem to make the game a very poor experience. While the game may be fun to a few people, I just wouldn't recommend it to anyone to play unless they are extremely dedicated and can ignore all the things that pull this game down. If you're going to buy this anyway, I highly recommend you wait for a sale before buying."
,Not Recommended,241600,29882162,Posted: 12 February,all,felixader,This game has two big problema and that is that you loose any left over money that you couldn't invest in upgrades adn the at times simply overwhelming rooms.Those are after a short time of an high enough price that it means that even several hundred Gold don't help you.But since you loose them upon reentering the dungeon it puts you more back than you sometimes can gain in a run.This makes this game a grind with some of your dungeon runs ending up utterly useless.
,Not Recommended,241600,14373726,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Zequez,"Lost all my progress after I reinstalled Windows, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't use Steam Cloud. Game is good though, but everyone already said that."
,Not Recommended,241600,17569643,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,transce,"(Note: I have between 20-30 hours played on the Playstation version of this game.  I got it on Steam in a bundle and I replayed it for a few hours just to make sure I my opinion hadn't changed.)I love platformers, especially retro-inspired ones or ones with roglue-like elements.  Most of my Steam library is made up of these types of games.  They are my favorite genre.  This game seems really great when you first start, it appears that there is so much to unlock and so much to explore, but the reality is that it never begins to fill one tenth of the potential it appears to have at the start of the game.  Despite a couple novel ideas, the game quickly reveals itself to be a mediocre Metroidvania clone.This game tries but fails to create a memorable new retro platformer.  The controls are okay, though they don't feel as tight they should.  Random level design can be great, just look at Spelunky, but the random designs in Rogue Legacy too often result in just plain bad layouts, platform and enemy layouts that seem unfair and are impossible to traverse without being hit, regardless of player skill.  The other big problem with this game is that leveling up your character seems to have very little effect on his effectiveness in the dungeon.  Even after 20+ hours, it's still very easy to die without progressing far at all.  On top of this, the game punishes you for dying by making all your skills most expensive to purchase every time you enter the dungeon, whether your trip is successful or not.  You grind and grind but your hard work never seems to pay off and this ultimately leads to a general feeling disappointment when you realize how shallow the game really is.So what do you get when you put it all together?  A platformer with bad level design, lots of really annoying enemies, and a character that's continuously weak and prone to dying.  This game is hard for all the wrong reasons and none of the right ones.  If you want some great Metroidvania action, skip this game and pick up Castle in the Darkness, it's less than half the price and more than ten times the game."
,Recommended,241600,8568219,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,2w.Sovereign lfs Sunday 830,Game was too hard so I cheated. 9.3/10
76561198053609115,Not Recommended,241600,29050186,Posted: 5 January,all,Cosmic Forge,"It's fun until you get to NG+2, and then it just gets stupid. As in, all that you worked for means nothing. First room with monsters can kill you in under 3 seconds, regardless of your stats and gear.  Every enemy is basically in boss form at this point.  Fun game on first 2 play throughs, then just masochistic. No thanks."
,Recommended,241600,30093524,Posted: 21 February,all,Erotic Scratching Post,"Amazing game, worth every penny of 15$. (as I write this its 3$ if it still is buy it asafp)Its a much smoother and better experience with a controller imoSolid 9/10Could have more content"
,Not Recommended,241600,14146144,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Todd Howard,Don't buy this unless you really like to rage
,Recommended,241600,30259404,Posted: 1 March,all,sammy the submariner,"acording to steam, I now have 65 hours on record in this game.I am currently at new game plus 5, with maxed out stats and everything unlocked. I still regularly play this game.it's a great game to play if you like roguelikes and platformers. the gameplay varies between numbingly easy to greatly chalenging. it's always fun to play for half an hour with some podcast in the background, to unwind from abusy day. the gameplay is engaging and the controls feel fluid enough that every hit you take feels like it's your fault, and not the game cheating. you are given plenty of tools and abilities to avoid damage, especially in later runs when you get to harder areas, and taking hits becomes more significant.however, there are some cons to take into consideration.after a while it becomes very clear that there aren't that many different rooms. this plays a big part in the game becoming repetitive over time. the same goes for minibosses. while I enjoyed fighting them, after a while it becomes so apparent what the easiest strategy is to defeat them that they aren't even a minor threat anymore. and this also goes for the main bosses, the only time I ever had trouble fighting an area boss was the first time I encountered one. after that, I never needed more than two tries to beat a boss. in this context, I almost think the game gives you too many options to make it easier. especially grace runes combined with the architect make it incredibly easy to beat the game in only a few runs, especially at ng + player levels. I also feel like the different classes and traits become kind of meaningless towards the end, when it becomes very clear that some characters and traits are simply best avoided, leading to the player simply never picking them.a more minor annoyance is the abundant presense of glitches. for a game this old, they really shouldn't be this common. these are mostly visual bugs, like effects persisting, and are usually fixed by leaving and re entering a room, but I've also had my character teleport into a wall and getting stuck, forcing me to restart the game, and other more troubling glitches.overall, the game is a lot of fun, and I definetely recommend it to fans of the genre. I bought the game on sale, and I'm glad I did, but I'm not sure if I personally would buy it for it's full price of 15 euros."
76561198043052871,Not Recommended,241600,8274621,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,GabenOnlyKnows,"XXXitty attack range, floating enemy shoothing from nowhere, system that make you not able to focus."
,Not Recommended,241600,8157218,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Bad Blood Bear,Surprised by the games technical difficulty to launch I have been enjoying the game so far but for some reason refuses to load now. I hope I can come back and gives this game a better review once they have sorted this out.
,Not Recommended,241600,23403009,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Richards,"9/10 on Windows 70/10 on Windows 10 - Won't launch, even after a lot of troubleshooting and many people experiencing this issue for a long time."
,Not Recommended,241600,9913373,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Yemto,"A very fun game, however I really hate that everything becomes more expensive after you buy something, it makes it so I don't want to buy an upgrade since something I really want later on will be much harder to get, and if you are like me, not good at it it will come a point where it's almost impossible to get anything."
76561198023095542,Not Recommended,241600,11097917,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,R401JL,"I get the general idea but death occurs too often and too quickly for any real sense of enjoyment.  You don't get to explore the levels or feel as if you've made any real progress.  Because of this, progression in the game feels like a punishing grind.  The imbalance between character health and incoming damage, and the frequency of that incoming damage, make this way too hard.  Dissappointing.  Could have been real fun."
,Not Recommended,241600,7986213,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,The Heretic,Controls are really bad. Won't let you use the mouse. Gameplay is difficult and not rewarding. At least I only paid like $2 for it.
,Not Recommended,241600,8219034,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,uklamok,I want to like it but it is stupid hard right from the beginning and it only gets a little bit easier after you die and start over a couple dozen times. It needs an easy mode for old people like me who can not time jumps around a million things that are moving  at the same time.
,Not Recommended,241600,8226584,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Araxamas Terimidias,"The Game looked amazing, but when i played it i found the old fashion arrow controls really annoying, and the fact that D was the attack button instead of mouse1, This game has really fallen below my expectations. Its like if you were playing terraria except you had to use the arrow keys, and everything can kill you in 2 hits. Have Fun"
,Not Recommended,241600,12972454,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,shada,"The problem with this game is its difficulty. It punishes mistakes in such a way to require you to be perfect, and makes practicing impossible."
76561198006580639,Not Recommended,241600,13999951,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,uanime5,"While this game is fun to play it is also very frustrating. I often found myself unable to progress because the equipment I had wasn't strong enough for me to survive but I couldn't upgrade it because my character didn't live long enough to collect the amount of gold I needed to pay for upgrades. The gold drops are too low, Charon takes too much, and the hedgehog's curse needs to be removed."
,Recommended,241600,7878578,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Real Soviet Bear,I turned this game on and all of a sudden nine hours had passed.
,Not Recommended,241600,10988707,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,{A} LETH4L,"I played a bunch of Rogue Legacy and after a while I found it to be a dumb game. It's great for running aroung the same castle every life over and over again. Sure it's not exactly the same rooms but it *is* the same castle. Same zones, same enemy types.This game is full of broken features. The manor is nice at first but when you realize that every upgrade that you buy makes every other upgrade more expensive (even the unrelated ones, so prioritize !) so frustrating. This is because getting the next much needed upgrade is exponentially slower with each buy. So you need to rely on luck of good drops to have enough money in one life to afford the next upgrade. If you are missing a dime, tough luck, suck it up because you need to flush all your money before entering the castle by paying death : another feature that makes no sense and looks to be added simply to ramp up replayability.The concept of ancestors is cool at first. But after your hundred brand new familly member it just gets boring. Looking at the family tree is useless, I couldn't care less that my 50x great ancestor was a barbarian. That feature just offers a reroll with the potential to start again with a new class that you are probably not going to like.Random challenge rooms are nothing else than frustrating. Good concept but the procedural nature of these rooms means that more often than not you will get a room that requires you to use a spell you don't have. Too bad.Your character equipment and customization is the only good part, trying to optimize a build is a lot of fun. I especially like assasins with life stealing gear, makes it easier to replenish my hp.Overall, I would like to like this game. But the more I play it the more I feel like I'm not accomplishing anything. I play a good run only to get one shotted and lose all my gold because I can't afford an upgrade, making this life meaningless. If you like doing the same thing for dozens of hours with little result or it's on sale get this game."
76561198122761151,Not Recommended,241600,26293792,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Your Pal Kindred,A good idea but the controls are just so infuriatingly♥♥♥♥♥♥house it makes it a complete pain to play. I cant play anymore of this rubbish. I hope my legacy doesnt have to expereince this
76561198122501776,Recommended,241600,30117367,Posted: 23 February,all,Brofish Bry,"Just really good, trust me."
76561197990767005,Not Recommended,241600,10853365,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Uni Otter,"A fun game at first, but you quickly find there is little sense of progression and the game gets stale quickly."
,Recommended,241600,9948337,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Rei,is gud
76561198092450070,Recommended,241600,8212329,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Glacher Lardnab,"This game is simply great! Awesome, Great job, such wow! much medieval fun!"
,Recommended,241600,8346374,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sershy,This is well great this is
76561198008066235,Not Recommended,241600,8513904,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dapiek,Not a fan.
,Not Recommended,241600,10549609,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,鼠将軍 Rat King,I thought this was about that girl from X Man.
76561198040838074,Recommended,241600,7789101,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,seriousgsj,I love it solid game all around
,Not Recommended,241600,11353537,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Morty Smith,"The game, while incredibly frusturating, was decent my first playthrough, with some fresh ideas and fun abilities. However it simply refuses to work for me now. I've tried reinstalling and googling, but frankly a game this mediocre isn't going to take my attention away from any of my other grabs during the summer sale. Please fix your game."
,Not Recommended,241600,12224519,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,XartaX,"If this game was a person I would murder it.The buffed bosses you an get through drops are the worst designed bosses of any video games ever. They have no patterns (action orders are completely random. You might end up with the same move spammed 10 times in a row) and your progress doesn't matter (you get a preset hero with preset stats). I have the patience to sit down and practice perfect Touhou runs, but this♥♥♥♥♥♥is infuriating.-99999/10 just because of those things."
,Not Recommended,241600,8969172,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Arachin,"Rogue Legacy - First 5 minutes: Ooh, shiny, oh, what's this... AGH MY FACE! I die in one hit!!!Next few hours: Oh hey, I think I got this... ooh look a boss I... MY EYES!!!Up to 8hrs: Aw yiss, pimped out muthaf***er comin through. You little dudes are but fodder for my... *trips* *falls* *still dies instantly*Up to 16hrs: Phew, beat some bosses, time to hammer this home...Up to 19hrs: AAAAGH!!!! Unless I spawn as a steroidal giant barbarian king my sword is too short to reach!AT 19 hours 11 minutes: Credits roll, post review, uninstall the hell out of Rogue Legacy.Great mechanics... awful pacing. [6.5]"
,Not Recommended,241600,29090204,Posted: 7 January,all,Luprii,"Fun, impressive, and quite artistically competent. However, the upgrade system did not mesh well with me. I can know enemy mechanics well, but one misstep on late-game content means I have to sink more time into murdering an entire geneology for gold.The game hinders competence by making your attack and defense abysmal if you don't grind. I don't much care for divining a way to cheap-shot my way through the last boss just to beat it. The loose controls don't help."
76561197961851274,Not Recommended,241600,14524115,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Biff_MaGriff,"This game is not rouge-like.Welcome to the treadmill. If you like doing the same stupid level over and over again fighting the same stupid enemies this is the game for you. This game offers the illusion that you can customize your progeny however they are completely random. The purchase curve is so steep you have to spend your cash on anything you can before you give it all away to charon. The most infuriating part of this game is the insistence that it is rouge-like. Rouge-like games are usually punishly tough and this one is. (until I imagine you grind and grind and buy everything) However, rouge-likes also offer you the ability to upgrade on the go, to improvise and take risks with items and power ups as you go along. Not so here. You start and die with the same inventory with maybe 1 item you picked up on the way. Boring."
,Not Recommended,241600,7890996,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,brianary,"I can't make even meager progress.Maybe this game just isn't for me. It'd be plenty hard (and fun) just due to the constantly changing protagonist and dynamic levels, but the level of difficulty is just too unforgiving and there's no way to save and slowly build up money enough to upgrade anything because you lose all of your money each time you re-enter the castle.You can buy some upgrades before entering the castle, but I can't last long enough to unlock more than the first few trivial stores, full of things I'll never be able to purchase.Add to this the taunting ""hints"" that describe how to better use upgrades you're far from attaining, and there's just no fun dying right away over and over, only to go through the same tedious process (often taking longer than I'm able to last inside the castle) to get back in."
,Not Recommended,241600,8026867,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Millhouse Manastorm!,"I was really excited when I heard about a Castlevania-style retro-roguelike in which you have children that have various genetic traits that make each run through different... Like, really, really excited. And I really enjoyed the first few hours of gameplay! It's charming pixellated graphics and cheery music make for some really pleasant gaming, and the game's rune, armor and castle system [which is essentially a level-up system] are good aspects of the overall experience.But after several hours in, I've found that the game becomes a bit of a grind for gold. I've beaten all the bosses [which don't regenerate]. I've gone through the entire castle [all 4 areas of it, all of which are in the same general locations] multiple times. I've played each of the varying classes often, and seen all of the genetic anomalies that the children end up having [which isn't many, sadly]. The game tells me I'm at level 116. and the final boss is still stomping me. It was at the point where I realized 'I am going to need a lot more gold' that I found that I wasn't having fun anymore.It's a fun idea, and it's fairly well-executed, but there should have been something more to the game that made it more feasible to play on a long-time scale [like it seems was the intent]."
,Not Recommended,241600,7948278,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,teoryn,Not worth buying if playing without a controller.
,Not Recommended,241600,7972580,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Bazlinga,"I would love to play this game more...but the keyboard controls drive me so crazy I can't play this for more than 15 minutes a day. Yes, you can supposedly change the key assignments, but when the up/down arrows are pretty much static and the spacebar is locked to jump it makes it hard to find any more useful key setup.The vast majority of times I have died has been because my brain hits jump when I want to smash, or the other way around. So frustrating that I cannot get far in the game mostly because of key issues. Kind of a waste of $15..."
76561198058784133,Not Recommended,241600,8216182,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Tohellwithbread,Controls. Are. Awful
,Not Recommended,241600,8237649,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Reveler,"There is literally nothing to like about this game.  This is yet another example of how the games media raves about a cheap, poorly designed, POS of a game because it's so unique and challenging.  These guys would give their mothers a bad review for being too easy.  This game is not fun.  It is quite the opposite.  OR maybe I'm just in a bad mood."
,Not Recommended,241600,14287722,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Top_Hunter,"Congratulations to Rogue Legacy for missing the entire point of Rogue.Rogue and its derivatives were one of the very few games where leveling systems made sense by virtue of using it as a resource that you needed to manage and by taking away your levels when you lost. Rogue Legacy manages to bork it up by making the leveling system not only PERMANENT, but completely external to the game play itself. There is no level resource to manage in each playthrough. Your equipment is set in stone from the beginning of each game. And each time you die, you get a little stronger.So the way you succeed in this game is by DYING. What you learned from each death is much less important than the permanent +1 to strength you're going to get when you do. In fact, this makes dying DESIRABLE.Hey game, if you're going to give me all these classes and levels eventually anyway, why are you making me go through the work of unlocking them? And while we're at it, how about you just set the difficulty to a reasonable level from the very start?Oh yeah, that would violate the sacred tenet of gaming known as the ""leveling system.""On top of that, the level layouts will deny you things by virtue of you having brought the wrong runes or by what random traits your new character has. Then when you pick those things you need, the RNG can just as easily not require them of you. What's the lesson here? ""♥♥♥♥ you,"" apparently.But unfair BS is kind of the name of the game. You'll be put into plenty of unfair situations simply by virtue of how far you can see on your screen. You'll be put into expansive rooms where everything has projectile weaponry and fires at you all at once, but the game thinks this is okay because it has this mess of off screen indicators for you to try to parse. Is the high or low bullet going to enter the screen from the left first? Oops, never mind, that one top indicator was actually a stack of four arcing bullets indicators coming from an enemy you haven't yet seen. And god help you if your character views the world upside down.You will spend hours and hours of unnecessary grinding in this game for no reason, and when you do succeed, you have no idea how much was your own improvement and how much was just the fact that your stats are so much higher than when you first started. It's especially weird that the developer thinks this is somehow related to Rogue. Rogue isn't the best game in the world, but it works because there is no permanent progression. Rogue Legacy reverses that, and tries to convince you it's because it wants everyone to beat the game eventually. But if you want to make a game where everyone wins, then just making losing impossible. Don't give me more stats until I win and then pretend it was me all along.Rogue Legacy makes you grind out thousands of deaths to reach the difficulty level you should've had in the first place. It gives you so many crutches and helping hands along the way that by the end, it's patently obvious to you that your win has been gift-wrapped with a big red bow. And when the game tries to come back at the end to give you a pat on the back for doing such a good job... it's pretty disingenuous. Downright insulting, really.If this was to be Rogue's legacy, I'd advocate for more birth control."
,Not Recommended,241600,13438646,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,run,hope you like grinding
,Not Recommended,241600,8229645,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Bronson,This game is similar to a good game but with bad game feel and a forced difficulty curve
,Not Recommended,241600,8072662,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,RevCo,"Tried to like it, and I may still try to win it, but the PC controls are terrible. Controls aren't responsive and sometimes seem to not work right. Not overly frustrating, but a lot of areas have platforms that must be timed just right. Like multiple jumps as part of runes in the game, sometimes the second jump just doesn't work. Flying is a mess. Now, it may work better with a controller, but if you plan on using keyboard, you may want to hold off.Also, there is no mouse support at all. In fact, you can't even use a mouse when the game launches in the menu. If you want to attack with mouse1, block or jump with mouse2, well tough. No reason for this other than a pure console type port. Why not have mouse support? it would make it a lot easier to navigate the menus, at the minimum. Most PC gamers are kinda used to using arrow keys, space to jump, and mouse for attack, etc.Finally, there is no real reward for killing enemies other than a few gps, so a lot of classes really stink. You don't get xps, and the gold rewards from anything other than bosses is paltry. However, you don't discover how crummy some classes are until you upgraded to them. Then you are forced to suffer through them for the rest of your game. Great, I can get a miner that gets 10% more gold, but only has 1/2 the hps and does half the damage of other classes. Too bad I can't undo that choice. Now I'm stuck with it after playing this game for 10 hours.Look, the cost was low, so I got my money's worth. However, there are some problems that could have been ironed out and I hope they make a sequal with a little more testing. Its interesting reading the descriptionst of three equally hobbled characters to choose from, but eventually you have to waste your time getting rid of them to get a more suitable char. This is a grinding game, but once the novelty of the wacky characters wears off, the underlying platformer doesn't execute well."
76561198043984501,Not Recommended,241600,10484174,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Snu,Low fps making the game unplayable on my laptop.
,Recommended,241600,7704744,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,Tartrazine,"Rogue Legacy's designed to be played with an Xbox 360 controller, but there is a crucial downward ""pogo"" attack (it's the only way to trigger platforms above spike pits) that just does NOT work reliably on the 360's joystick or directional pad. If that's what you're going to be playing with, that hardware limitation is going to get you killed frequently. I recently got a PS4 controller, and now I can FINALLY do the down attack reliably and my deaths are my own fault not Microsoft's. (The button indicators don't match and pausing is a little awkward, but those are very minor in comparison.)"
76561198120181297,Not Recommended,241600,11527988,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,cumdrop420,Either a huge grindfest or so stacked with artificial difficulty that it's unplayable. Absolute garbage game. 1/10.
,Not Recommended,241600,7820141,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[SnSy] Moritsuma,"Rogue Legacy has been a game that has long intrigued me. It looks amazingly fun, and I finally picked it up to give it a shot. I was immediately disappointed and let down. Do not buy this game, unless you have a controller or are entirely fine playing strictly keyboard.. It has zero mouse support. Not only for menus, but it's absolutely impossible to bind any keys to your mouse, which to me.. Makes a massive difference. Even if I had to navigate the menus with the keyboard, it'd be entirely fine. As long as I could use Mouse button 1, 2, 4, and 5.. It'd be perfectly playable to me. I'm sorry, but I really can't recommend this game.. If there was a mod maybe that let me use mouse keybinds.. Maybe.. But I couldn't find any.. There's no warning on the page at all about this.. I expect my PC games to suppose my devices.."
76561198006990730,Recommended,241600,30633151,Posted: 20 March,all,Gidanator,"One of the best games I've played (I've played many). After a while you become such a natural at pulling off ridiculously good triple jump bullet dodges because you've done it so many times. Losing unspent money each time you go through is the entire point, it forces you to get better and play a bit more carefully to get that bit of extra gold you need to reach the ideal upgrade and it would have been a much worse game if you could just loop back into the castle over and over accumulating the big bucks, that's not challenging or satisfying.-Loved the music-Controls were perfect (played with keyboard)-Very satisfying especially if you like improving both the character and your own skills-Very good time sink-Sooo quick and easy to open it up, have a run through, die and head off to whatever you have on. It's the perfect small amount of time filler and also ideal for long play sessions-Definitely replayable, for eg I never used the spell characters and picked the melee guys and skillups, could do the whole thing again by switching both those up. There are heaps of other classes I haven't used much either."
,Recommended,241600,16322337,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Nonsensicole,
,Recommended,241600,23264081,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,genegerbread,This retro style game with modernized/old game music brings out the best in me. The soundtrack is absolutely wonderful. 20/10 IGN
,Recommended,241600,248944,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Mostly Harmless,Die alot.  Smash a lot of stuff.  Collect gold.
,Not Recommended,241600,22756059,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Knight Artorias,Slamming my head against a wall honestly gets boring after awhile and I don't really feel that much progression a lot of the time.
,Recommended,241600,8221324,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Uprising Reaper,"Rouge Legacy, What can you say its one of a kind with randomised areas felling blanced and is 2D dark soul with the characters have little advantages and disadvantages really adds a lot to this game the perks build was good and was hard to build but worth it in the end making it more fun to play finding little chest armor papers so i could unlock them was fun for 15 bucks you really can't go wrong for this game trust me you will be addicted to it in a dayIf you want to see gameplay before you buy it ill link me playing it :http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UPKY-J4DUo"
,Not Recommended,241600,14105054,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,GORILLA BURGER,♥♥♥♥ THIS ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TTHE CREATOR OF THIS GAME IS A ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DON'T PLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥ IT ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS
,Recommended,241600,16358979,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hallack,.
,Recommended,241600,23403615,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Deku,Wrocps! Yoo got a chafd tjet hrs tryjble raedjnq!(Translation: Whoops! You got a child that has trouble reading!)
,Recommended,241600,23955446,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,PapaDuck,"This game is great, for anyone who likes platformers or rouge like dungeons.Playing this game with a controller is recomended, however it is not impossable to enjoy it with a keyboard."
76561198210311464,Not Recommended,241600,23404357,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mackemrice2004,It is horible to controll with a keyboard and im sure that with a game pad this game would be alot better but without one this game is unplayable2/10 without game pad8/10 with game pad
,Not Recommended,241600,17338217,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Prasfear,Broken
76561198055544599,Recommended,241600,13991637,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,John Fuckston,♥♥♥♥in hate dogs
76561197961272951,Not Recommended,241600,14718609,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Brian.,"This is one of the few indy games I would not recommend, despite the fact that I got it for a mere few bucks.I enjoy Roguelikes, I don't mind dying a lot.  I DO mind dying because the game has improper controls and mechanics that only work half the time.Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥review for a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Not Recommended,241600,17621018,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Karl.,the feel isnt like the trailer
,Recommended,241600,23100116,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,GoDoFcRaP42,"Looking for a fun 2D side-scroller with humour? In the mood for a challenging Castlevania-esque dungeon crawler that can be played casually? Ever wanted to know what 'a poor man's Dark Souls' looks like? Like the idea of playing as your character's kid? Did you say yes to any of those? Then this game's for you.Rogue Legacy is a simple dungeon crawler that you can play while still retaining whatever kind of life you have in the real world. The objective is to travel the ever-changing Castle Hanson and defeat the castle's four guardian mosters, in order to unlock the door to the throne room and defeat the lord of the castle. When you die, your character stays dead- but the wealth and progress you gained will be passed to one of their three decendants (it's always three, not sure why), who you will then take on the quest in their stead. That wealth can be used to upgrade your manor, which in turn increases various stats and can give new abilities to your characters (because... erm...)- as well as buy unlockable equipment and runes granting special effects. But be wary of the toll- when a new challenger enters the castle, they must give their remaining gold to Charon as payment. Charon's a bit of a♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.9/10: would send a hundred generations of my family to their grueling demise again. Definitely worth the price- but if you're unsure about it, wait for a sale."
76561198045705841,Not Recommended,241600,10774179,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DaveDobbs,"Do not buy this game! Unlike other games that require you to gain money to buy upgrades, this game doesnt let you do that. Very unsatisfied and deserving of an uninstall. 2/10"
,Recommended,241600,9662312,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,bardparty,castle
76561198072118518,Recommended,241600,8996141,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,HenryHoover63,"WOW this game. First of all i got hours of fun from this game, ontop of that there is soooooooooooo much to do, with its uniqe  upgrading system, and the metroid-esc style. Must play."
,Recommended,241600,7884195,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,★ Black's Alt ★,"A highly fun and great game, This game plays sort of like a megaman game, the Tightest jumps, and some great gameplay. This game is difficult, but thats half the fun, the other half, is that if your character dies, their dead. AND the castle changes, (unless you lock it down) Really I could go on and on why you should get this, but really dookieshed on youtube puts it best. I give this game a 9/10 Blocks. And since the holidays are coming, this game will soon be half-off, So buy it when the sale starts! Merry christmas!"
,Recommended,241600,25497117,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,ImflippinDawippin,Dark Souls 2D
76561198029061647,Recommended,241600,13510612,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Third Strongest Bunny,8/10
,Not Recommended,241600,12977494,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,GG SHITCITY SHE LIVED TO LEVEL 2,"So, I walked fourth in to the dungeon, coming across a boss monster in the third room. His attack was to lunge from side to side, so, cleverly, I jumped, using downward attacks to hurt him every time he went past.I then continued this strategy for about 3 minutes, until I messed up, landed on his head, and instantly died because touching him instantly kills you apparently. ♥♥♥♥in dropped."
76561198055179181,Recommended,241600,13117166,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,GristlyJam,"I wish my thumbs would break, or that my computer would short circut so i could stop playing this game.11/10"
76561197994708228,Recommended,241600,8061770,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,GSoto83,"Prehaps the greatest Rogue like game ever. There is so much replay in this game, but it might take forever to get to it. Already 80 hours in, and I've completed it once!!!!"
,Not Recommended,241600,28318455,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SheeEttin,"Great game, but I cannot recommend it until it supports Steam Cloud for the save files."
76561198001371305,Recommended,241600,23923124,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CEMBLE (Star Lord),You use and kill trained or sometimes not even trained an entire generation just to send to dungeons to kill inocent creatures of mother nature who live in their own property in peace. For what ? Just to get some gold and cool stuff for their kids.9/10 from me.
,Recommended,241600,7764819,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Chloë Jones,Iz fun garm
76561198047669191,Recommended,241600,15099111,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SatelliteOfLove,"RL didn't stick well enough with me as other Roguelike hybrids have, I think it was the merely servicable music and the loooooooooooong slog in the middle where you hunted after the bosses and farmed runes/patterns/gold for upgrades. It was a price to pay for having a Roguelike/Metroidvania hybrid (there are people who are twitching right now from that name), but it definately had a dull mid-late game.It's clean and creative otherwise, especially with the lineage design, and I definately loved my time a ton when it wasn't bogged down in the middle.Recommended, but with caveats."
76561198123942146,Recommended,241600,30088065,Posted: 21 February,all,King Louie,funny game
,Not Recommended,241600,33463628,Posted: 11 July,all,Piperoman,"Muy mal juego, aunque la idea es buena, tiene una pésima curva de dificultad, poca movilidad, y depende poco de la habilidad del jugador. Lo intenté de veras porque el arbol de habilidades mola. Le falta unos gráficos más guay y más interactividad. Recomiendo que pierdas el tiempo con otra cosa."
,Recommended,241600,29538788,Posted: 28 January,all,Luminarz,Khidr - ehh just an eye ballAlexander - tough bossPonce De Leon - i need to be fasterHerodotus - wtf is thatJohannes - #!@#!@%%!@%Fountain - i killed him wtfNG + - THIS GAME SUCKSGetting Dark Armor - lol so ez hahah
,Recommended,241600,19835278,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Mike Pancake aka uzi oops,Pretty good game
,Recommended,241600,20037493,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,bonnie clyde,GG.10/10
76561198197775833,Not Recommended,241600,19824476,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,jprasad,Bored after 30 minutes.
76561198054206251,Recommended,241600,25910588,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Onion_Goalie(3),0
,Not Recommended,241600,10862025,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NimrodX,"I was kind of disapointed with this and felt a bit mislead by the name and description. To me, ""roguelike"" implies a certain sort of game which is not a side 2d action platformer. It's basically 80% platformer and 20% ""rogue"" which isn't to my liking.If you'e a fan of platformers, then you'll like this. If you're a ran of roguelikes, then you won't. This just doesn't do enough to capture the title of ""roguelike"" or even ""roguelite""."
76561197976824494,Recommended,241600,7752837,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,kungfurobb,The Best Casual Game
,Recommended,241600,8522998,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,AOLetsGo,"A little hard to get into, but then you have to play it over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and..."
,Recommended,241600,17425440,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,MaBep,"I can't get how to win 3+ difficulty (even fully upgraded), but still this is and epic platformer. Easy and light and hard and complex simultaneously."
99254263334651588,Not Recommended,241600,15604455,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,∆,This game is actually WORST than vertical drop heroes. ♥♥♥♥ this game give me my money back.
,Recommended,241600,14443558,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,glugplug,buy it already
76561197993278833,Not Recommended,241600,11626237,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Tarzimp,The game looks good and has some great ideas. However I'm not seeing how it is a rogue-lite.  Rather it is a rogue like with persistant upgrades. The platforming is floaty and inprecise with some rooms filled with so many traps that your eyes roll. The enemies often feel like they are cheating with the ability to shoot through walls. Oh and why does touching a monster in a robe do damage to the armored guy(me)? If anything smashing into him in platemail should damage him!But wait you say you can upgrade your character each death and hopefully get farther in the dungeon! That's true except if you don't get enough gold in a run for the upgrade you want then you have to give it all up for your next character to enter the dungeon. Oh and if you spend it on a cheaper upgrade so you don't waste that gold all the other upgrades get a little more expensive. I guess that I'm just not 'skilled' enough because I often have to grind through many pointless deaths with no upgrades until I get a dungeon layout that doesn't screw me over before I get enough gold to buy an upgrade. The option to simply turn Charon(the guy who steals your gold to enter the castle) off would have allowed gamers that are not so great with platformers to play and enjoy the game. For those that want a roguelike experiance the option to leave Charon on would work.If I could keep my gold between runs I would feel like I was building up towards something even when the deaths are sometimes cheap. As it is I simply feel like I'm slamming my head against a wall and this game simply isn't for me. If I hadn't purchased this on sale I would be pretty upset.Bottom line unless you are both good at platformers and like grinding away for hours on useless deaths until you can create a character powerful enough to win stay away from this game.
,Recommended,241600,11163853,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Sputnik,(Y)
,Not Recommended,241600,22685720,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Koya Dusk,"This game.I wish I never played this game.It was great until I reached about 30 hours grinding for achievements when the biggest problems kept becoming worse and worse.The gameplay is really mediocre. The rogue element aside random character gen/random level gen is NOT permadeath.Permadeath usually means a complete reset of stats including levels. In this game you die to level up and spend your exp.It really isn't Rogue Legacy. It's just Legacy.The final achievements added to the game involved boss fights that are ludicrously hard to get to and even harder to do, Ie, a waste of time. I'd be ok if it was just fight x boss, but it honestly takes a long time to get to the added content bosses, which means there's really no way to prep for them.If you like yourself, either don't buy this game, or buy it and play like 10~ hours max."
,Not Recommended,241600,19061934,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Draken Sur,"The controls feel stiff while playing, and its a nightmare trying to control with a keyboard. The button prompts only display as X-box buttons, and not PC; the game itself feels jerky and the gameplay is dissatisfactory (at least for me). The base gameplay feels like it cheapens you out when you get killed by enemies in the early game, and I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone who likes a something you can get into and enjoy from the start. Although the art style is nice, and the story is handled well; the entire affect is lost for me with the downright bad humor in this game. Don’t take my words as true and golden; this is an extremely biased review of the game from a subjective standpoint; if you like this kind of gameplay, and have a controler; there is fun to be had here; but saddly not for me."
,Not Recommended,241600,11616677,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Atriace,"Repetitive, extremely hard, and ultimately pointless in either dying or winning."
76561197999393758,Not Recommended,241600,19999027,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Runcible,A litle bit frustrating at the begining but way more frustrating when you lose you progress due to unknown reasons.
76561198048120972,Recommended,241600,22874056,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,emiiam,it good yo
,Recommended,241600,28787124,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Gendoss,The best god damn indie game.
,Not Recommended,241600,11668698,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,vSlimShady,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241600,348296,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,jacobvandy,"Brutal Rogue-like with old-school action/platforming in randomly-generated dungeons. You WILL die within the first 30 seconds, but when you start over you can buy upgrades to stats and gear that help you do a little better each time, and eventually you will win (hopefully). It's awesome."
76561198054698471,Recommended,241600,33183455,Posted: 3 July,all,Matthewskywalker2975,Neat-o
76561198000922086,Recommended,241600,2011616,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,⎝⎝Skrubbles⎠⎠,This game is amazingly addictive and replayable. One more game...
,Recommended,241600,7959148,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Antagonist,this game is for someone who likes a challange so if your new to gaming dont buy it yet!you can expect rage if done.besides the teleport glitch and some other issues id say this is a great game definitely a dope!
,Recommended,241600,18152596,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Salarn,https://youtu.be/dOws268epDUAction platformer with rogue-like random levels.
76561197980364074,Recommended,241600,8722640,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Codester,Great game.
,Recommended,241600,9367326,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,jc.mooseman,Fantastic game. Worth more than $15 for certain and worth every hour I played.
76561197982727216,Recommended,241600,23970933,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,alanisman1,"Rogue Legacy is a classic platformer with an amazing upgrade system that makes it feel like you're making tangible progress with each playthrough.  After each run you use the money earned to purchase important, permanent upgrades (new classes, improved stats, better equipment, etc).  Although it is very fun, the upgrades get very expensive causing some runs to feel like a waste (you lose any unspent money.)  Also, the controls are not perfect and many deaths felt cheap and caused me a lot of frustration.  But overall, this game is highly recommended.PROS+ Brilliant upgrade and progression system+ Exploring the castle is fun and exciting+ Each run feels very different+ Each character has random, game-altering (sometimes hilarious) traits+ Lots of upgrades make progression fun and interesting+ Charming characters, good graphics and soundCONS- Controls are not perfect, even with a gamepad- Frequently felt like many deaths were cheap and beyond my control- Progression may seem too slow for some- Expensive upgrades render many runs a complete waste"
76561197960392511,Recommended,241600,31732825,Posted: 13 May,all,Khongh,Its a near perfect platformer roguelike with permanent upgrades.
,Recommended,241600,25400341,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA  !!,GAY !!!
,Recommended,241600,12214664,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,S7.RainbowDash,"Platformer, fun times, great look, amazing soundtrack.Be prepared to farm and grind and do the same thing a♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of time, if you don't care, play it, do it now.10/10 Fun times.Controller recomanded."
76561198165379362,Recommended,241600,29238800,Posted: 13 January,all,dizzletheninja,hard fun and  a ture test of will
,Recommended,241600,26257036,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GROM,play this game for hourd
,Recommended,241600,2115968,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Fart Cat,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!
,Recommended,241600,22393063,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,J_god_doto,"Rogue legacy is a great game you can sink a lot of hours into, and if you suffer from low self esteem after you beat the remix bosses you will feel like a new man, highly recommend picking this up if you somehow haven't already"
,Not Recommended,241600,19344539,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,hauser,its fun for about 20 minutes but then its just pushing a wall not with your skill but with money you grind from your deathssounds like an interesting concept at first but then it is about as riveting as an mmo
76561198085256001,Recommended,241600,7808638,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Pom,GRIND THAT GOLD
,Recommended,241600,30824375,Posted: 29 March,all,painkillers,"You play the blood line as perhaps the most sexually attractive line of knights ever.Thousands of years, modern civilization advances and transcends humanity and this line of idiots is still trying to kill some king or something? Huh???You'd think all of the insomniac knights with a whole other amount of health defects would eventually get to the point where they can't find a successful mate.Video game logic.Regardless, this game is actually fantastic.Extremely challenging, highly underrated."
,Recommended,241600,23297087,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,The Lord Purvis of Tweed,It is really fun.
,Recommended,241600,10980552,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,C Δ L X Δ Σ,best game
,Recommended,241600,10879803,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,MingRee,1/1
,Not Recommended,241600,16458307,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,bin baby,"I picked this game up after seeing a few friends get a lot of enjoyment out of it, but in hindsight I realized that all those friends were depressive and were content to waste away their days with fluff. This game suits that need really well. It has a way of evoking that ""one more shot"" mentality, making it a quick and dirty time sink, but the content just isn't there to make it worthwhile.Sure, I haven't explored the different dungeon areas to their fullest extent, but I've seen enough of each room to know that they're just more of the same predictable, bland randomly generated rooms that I was faced with in the opening minutes of the game, albeit with stronger enemies.Why would I care about fighting stronger enemies? I dunno. The levelling system in this game encourages players to throw themselves at the same challenges over and over until they boost their stats enough to level the playing field, so that they can do it all over again when they reach the next zone. It's a textbook skinner-box game, albeit not quite as synnical and degrading as Farmville.At the time of writing, I have 101 minutes of playtime and I'm uninstalling this game. In that short amount of time I've seen it all. The randomised dungeons aren't getting any more interesting, I'm seeing the same traits over and over, and the combat isn't engaging or expressive enough to make the combat compelling - even when I get the rare room that evokes the very best of bullet-hell style action and chaos.This game just really doesn't jive with me, and I find it super hard to recommend, which is a bummer considering this game comes from the same people that did Don't♥♥♥♥♥♥Your Pants - a game much smaller in scope, but managed to give me a lot more satisfaction after much less playtime.I'm looking forward to seeing what Cellar Door comes out with next. They're clearly a talented and creative studio, but I just feel like they phoned it in on this one."
,Not Recommended,241600,11106153,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,TMG Ken,"Hear me out on this, I'm not saying it's bad, I'm just saying I wouldn't recommend. Rogue legacy has a few cons to it that are pretty heavy to the pros and would like to at least list them.Pros:Perma Death is not all that permanent.All purchases you make carry over to your heirCastle is always different every time you die unless you buy the architectMetroid-vaniaControl is fluidCons:The difficulty spike is really high on this oneSometimes they take ""bullet-hell"" way too seriouslyThe Heir system gets old really quick.Control as fluid as it gets can feel very slippery.Gets Boring in about an hour."
,Not Recommended,241600,10306848,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,imberMight,"Maybe it's that I'm not much of a platform gamer, but this game is a little more hardcore than I'd like.  It isn't so much about the fact that you start over every time you die, or the fact that you die so easily - I think it's the fact that most times when you start the game as the next descendent, the gameplay rules change, often significantly.Again, it could be that I'm just not good at the genre, but I just couldn't make myself like this game."
,Not Recommended,241600,8213774,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Dreamcast,"Grind grind grind grind grind. If you invest in the wrong stats, you probably will have to start all over and grind grind grind again.In most rogue-lights, I can make progress by learning the game, adapting, and playing better. In Rogue Legacy, I just have to grind. Grind and grind and grind. If you mess up? Grind twice as much."
,Not Recommended,241600,7748646,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Paikia,"I know there are a lot of people who really like this game. Unfortunately, I'm not one of them. In my humble opinion, this game is way too frustrating to be any fun at all. I'm not a spoiled gamer, I do enjoy challenging games, but this is just plain frustrating.  Get this only if you're either very skilled at this type of games (platform action) or a very ambitious gamer with lots and lots of free time, preferably both. Not recommended for anyone else."
,Not Recommended,241600,31470173,Posted: 30 April,all,Wunkerful,"I have tried several times over the years to like this game. I dont. Its just about the worst controlling, and most difficult rogue game Ive played. Those things together do not make a good game, they make an infuriating game.Really the difficulty comes from the controls, they are airey as ♥♥♥♥. Like the jumps are huge and slow and send you into situations you dont want to be in, rooms get designed around huge and impossible obstacle courses that require precision timing and jumping. Its a very platformer heavy game, and with jump controls as bad as this I cant tolerate this game."
76561198030728140,Not Recommended,241600,11112009,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Pheasant King,It is not a real legacy
76561198100679309,Not Recommended,241600,10420647,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Arcane-Prince,"This is a Flash Game, nothing more. The game boasts many classes, but all classes feel the same and play VERY simillarly. Enemies are uninspied and weak, takeing around 2-3 hits to kill. Combat is just one button mashing and the spells are all boring, feeling more like alternitve weapons than magic.The game feels like something that would be found on a flash game site, and would be free. Thank god I got this on sale and didn't pay it's full $15 dollar price."
,Not Recommended,241600,8231641,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,vakker,This isnt fun.
,Not Recommended,241600,9939137,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,SplendorSerpent,Possibly the worst execution of a good idea I have ever played. The worst thing about this trash heap is that it stole a good idea from someone in the future who might have made it well. It took a broken foot to make me stick with this game long enough to figure out exactly how bad it was.
,Not Recommended,241600,11291247,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,D_Rock,"Super hard platformer!!..This game is hard right from the very beginning, no easing your way into anything..I lost all of my characters several times and didn't go very far at all (i mean not even 5 minutes into the game far)..I gave it about an hour and a half's worth of my time, but dying over and over 45 seconds into another character at the start of the game terrifies me to think what progression in this game will be like..Not a game for me , but if you like challenging platformers that are not very forgiving even from the start of the game this may be for you .."
,Recommended,241600,29748597,Posted: 6 February,all,Ookomix,"I lpayed tis game for ourhs, and I never leff on dysexlia. Dton' nkow why.No, seriously, it's one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198186283217,Not Recommended,241600,26680451,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,wicked337,Sadly this game is far too much bullet hell and not nearly enough hack and slash.
,Not Recommended,241600,4828054,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,"Remember when you had to grind to beat Castlevania?Remember having to wrestle with poor, irritating controls somehow more irritating and unwieldy than Castlevania?Yeah.Neither do I.Game ♥♥♥♥ing suck."
,Recommended,241600,24746010,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Vince,♥
,Not Recommended,241600,30249013,Posted: 28 February,all,Alistair,"The RNG gets to be pretty annoying with a lot of rooms, you could get as unlucky as to start with a room that you can't even beat multiple times over, meaning you can't progress till the RNG stops rolling bad numbers."
76561198026259329,Not Recommended,241600,7818785,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,malachy.carey,"Brief play, brief review. Definitely not a fair review, but first impressions last.Hated the controls in the first five seconds. No improvement after five minutes."
,Not Recommended,241600,9398288,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,J0kk3 - 尤克,"A fantastic metroidvania game. extremely hardcore, II died 55 times in the 2 hours that I played in struggling to get past the first few rooms that seemed to become increasingly hardcore each time I died.Even the easiest enemies seems to damage you loads.It felt like little progress has been achieved after 2 hours.If you really like a super-hardcore game where you start over each time you die then this is for you.I however feel like its not worth the 4,75€ that I spent on it"
76561197960442913,Not Recommended,241600,8701661,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Max Power,"I knew the game was supposed to be hard, but I was hoping it would be a fun challenge.  It just feels tedious to try and dodge flying enemies and projectiles even just a few rooms into the start of a level.  Despite what the description says, you can only *SORT OF* use the gold from your past lives to help your heirs.  If the character who died only collected 100 gold, and all of the upgrades cost 200 or more, you're out of luck.  ALL of the gold you saved is taken away by the gatekeeper the moment you enter the castle, so anyone having a really tough time at the start of the game is going to be stuck until they either get better at dodging or get lucky to live more than a few rooms in.What I did like:-Graphics-Music-Price"
,Not Recommended,241600,14915531,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Pohpa Pohpa Dab Dab,"this would be a fun game if its gravity system wasnt so floaty, i thought i was having fps issues, nope surprise.ITS A FEATURE."
,Not Recommended,241600,13434194,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Brother Sven,"Terrible, the controls are nearly impossible to use with a mouse and keyboard, it may be fun with an xbox controller, but I cant manipulate the controls to actually fight or do anything."
,Not Recommended,241600,7922596,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,7esterday,"You keep playing. You progressively get stronger, but constantly screwed over by RNG.What's the point of the game?6/10"
,Recommended,241600,29949873,Posted: 15 February,all,hanun,Highly underrated.
,Not Recommended,241600,7878851,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,"Disc ""LVP"" Rider","Before we get started on the review proper, I wish to point out that this is not a rogue-like. Rogue-likes are turn-based permadeath randomised environment games, and this game only fulfills the random level part of this equation. If you're looking for a roguelike, I'd point you towards Dungeons of Dredmor or maybe FTL: Faster than Light.So now that we've established what it's not, what -is- this game about?Rogue Legacy is a 2D platforming/sidescrolling adventure where your hero is placed at the entrance to a random castle. From here, you work to find the 4 bosses by working your way up, down, left and right through the map, killing everything that stands in your path. Should you die, one of your children takes up your helm and your gold and then invests in more abilities and equipment to aid in your fight towards the final confrontation.At the beginning of the game, you select between one of three siblings, all with their own random classes and traits (some positive, some negative and some don't do much at all). Each time you die, these are rerolled and you pick a new character. The classes are all fairly well balanced, and all offer fairly different playstyles. Although most of the combat devovles a bit into  hitting things with your sword, the classes offer different levels of damage mitigation, health, straight up hitting power and magical ability that makes thinking about how you're going to approach a battle rewarding.And you will need to consider this. Whilst ideally you'd want to close the distance so you can hit things with your sword, often the air will be thick with projectiles and priortising what has to die first, as well as dodging all the missiles, are just as important as sticking your sword into things. That said, sticking your sword into things is satisfying. Your two attacks, a basic forward swipe and an in-air downward pogo strike, both combo well into each other, and these plus the fluid movement in the game leads to nice flowing and exciting combat.The graphics are reasonably good, although, as you would expect from an indie title such as this, often tougher enemies are just recoloured versions of their weaker breathren. I also particularly enjoyed the music, which seemed to call up memories of the Super Meat Boy soundtrack in some parts. It has that same 8-bit theme to it, and doesn't grow tired even after several repetitions.So the combat was good, the gameplay was good, the environment was good, so why didn't I like this game?Frankly, because of the premise. That of passing your skills to your children so they could take up the fight.What this means is permadeath isn't permadeath. You have this whole tree of skills and armour that grows with you as you keep iterating through dead children. But what this means is the dungeon is effectively a gear check. Sure, proficiency with the gameplay will get you so far, but in reality you're going to do a lot better 5 deaths later with twice the base damage.As a result, there's no pay-off. Did I win because I was good at the game? Or did I win just because I've grinded through 20 or so kids and built up the gear and weaponry to just carry me through the game? It's also depressing being unable to progress with a certain character, only to die, spend all the gold from that run, and then breeze through the same monsters a moment later. There is no challenge here, only a time gate that you have to slog through to open.Now that I've played through the game 3 times already, the game has become progressively harder and now projectile avoision is rewarded far more than simply overleveling. But even now, bosses and chests reward you with more and more stats, even after the relevant stat has been maxed in the actual skill tree and I shouldn't be actually getting stronger. And yet still I gain power. So it looks like I'll never have any measure of how well I've been playing as the base stats of my character seem to outweigh my individual skill.Not to mention, permadeath isn't even slightly permadeath. If all 4 bosses had to be defeated by a certain character before progressing to the end boss, at least that would be an achievement and trial in and of itself. But instead, if you kill a boss that boss remains dead until you kill the end boss and go back around for another playthrough. There is no reason to try and survive through all four areas when you can just rush a boss, kill them and come around and clean up with another character. This strategy becomes even more useful in the harder, later runs through the game, as the bosses do not scale with the rest of the dungeon, and you can pretty much kill any of them with a fraction of your health and callous disregard.So while the base game is pretty good, the progression system stripped the game of its fun for me, whilst also being an unnecessary time-sink.If you've got a better stomache for the grinding than I do, you may well have fun here, because it is a fine 2D sidescroller, but since I don't, it's a 2 out of 5 for me."
,Not Recommended,241600,9368714,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,water warrior,"The game is very difficult. The Classes have no visual differences besides facial hair and helmet, and why does the mage have a giant sword? They should have Staffs or something. I don't recommend this to someone who doesn't like to die alot in a game but I recommend this to people who love castlevania, castles, swords, knights, mages, platforming, and a challenge."
76561198128803035,Not Recommended,241600,9369835,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,The Jercade,"Fun for about an hour.  Very difficult, and only one gimmic."
,Not Recommended,241600,9366375,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Helalost,"Far too frustrating for my tastes. I liked the idea of choosing a descendant who may have issues to carry on the legacy, but I haven't the faintest idea when any of my characters would have gotten the chance to have children as their untimely deaths were incredibly fast. I realise it's supposed to get better as you go along, but considering you have to hand over whatever tiny bit of cash you've managed to acquire before you can go back into the dungeons, I really don't know how I was supposed to ever get enough money to buy upgrades when I would barely ever survive 5 minutes."
76561198048619771,Not Recommended,241600,8084568,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Phuppets,"game blows, take like 20 damage when an enemy touches you and overall is very difficult to play"
76561197981473312,Not Recommended,241600,7803939,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Xyzkus,"I used this game as something to play while listening to podcasts. I played it using both, keyboard and controller, and the controls were generally bad. Quite often the game bugs out and doest not change the direction your hero is facing, which can be fatal. It's a decent platforming game, but If you are not searching for one, you are not gonna like it. Tthe other elements are not worth playing it on their own. After 10 hours I realised the only reason I was still playing it was because of the compulsion to get more upgrades. If you do not like platformers (or are ambivalent about them), but a fan of rougelikes, approach with caution."
76561197998960762,Not Recommended,241600,8203186,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,amurph,"did not enjoy, repitive"
,Not Recommended,241600,8453820,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,hello!,"Like a Facebook Clicker, this game seems to value Player Time over Player Enjoyment. I've spent a bunch of time on it but only the first hour or so could've been considered ""fun"". Beating the final boss came as more relief than anything else. Upon finding out about the New Game +, I've had to delete it so I don't feel like I have to play it any more."
,Not Recommended,241600,8204123,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Hyperboreal,"This was a HUGE letdown for me because I liked FTL, I liked Risk of Rain, I liked Spelunky, I liked Nethack, I liked Dungeon Crawl, and I liked some of the concepts of Binding of Isaac, even if the game itself was trash, but Rogue Legacy? It may be THE WORST roguelike ever created.First of all, there is a difference between homage and plagarism and this game liberally steals from the Castlevania series. Oh wow, it's set in a castle with active mapping with skeletons that throw bones at an arc AND you can use a straight-throwing knife AND a giant axe with an arc? Never heard that one before.The traits? They don't help you. I thought some of the traits might work out but every trait serves to hinder you and make you die.Say what you will about old Nintendo games, or even modern ""hardcore"" games like God Hand or Dark Souls (2 other games I really liked). They were fair. This game will screw you over for even playing it. It's like it doesn't want you to play it. So please, listen to them and avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,241600,8214647,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TimePotato,Controller required: keyboard and mouse controls are completely worthless.All the prompts and reminders are in the Xbox format with no translation.There is no way to bind your own keys.Menus are impossible to navigate with keyboard.May change the review if I can get a hold of an Xbox controller
76561198037631487,Not Recommended,241600,11067216,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bilstar,"I read about this game in the press, it was everywhere at the time, a real indie darling. Friends told me it was great too. Everyone likes this!I don't like this. I don't like the clunky feel, I don't like the look and style of it. I think the heirs' traits feel forced and mostly pretty inconsequential, it's very repetitive and the few distractions you find I thought were very lacklustre and the combat is 80s lame and gave me no satisfaction. Avoid."
76561197984748332,Not Recommended,241600,13043433,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,bcfl,"If dying every 5 seconds is your idea of fun, give this a shot."
76561198064106555,Recommended,241600,6337868,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,mrorange,Crazy challenging jump n run where you develop your skills peu à peu . It's 40% down at the moment and in my opinion worth the money. 8/10
76561198104535134,Recommended,241600,30053880,Posted: 20 February,all,Lontum,"With all the defects, deformations, and handicaps my family line has......why does it seem like the people with nothing wrong are the worthless ones?"
76561198055730165,Not Recommended,241600,28580448,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,adam,"There is some innovation in this game, but most of it centers around adding replayability to a questionable core. Among the issues I've noticed in the short time I've played the game: the color scheme makes it very hard to distinguish what's an enemy/threat, you sometimes have to jump into the unknown (losing a significant portion of your health based on the random result), the random dungeon generation stacks several of the same room in a row, you sometimes have to backtrack through long portions of empty dungeon, projectiles sometimes clip through walls they normally can't pass through, bullets often appear from offscreen too quickly to realistically react to. The game isn't terrible, and if you can get it on sale it might be worth a look, but it's just not up to the design standards of others in the roguelite genre"
,Not Recommended,241600,20268472,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Yoseph,"Don't Get me wrong, this game is great. HOWEVER, if you don't own a controller, the game kinda sucks. The ""Change Controls"" section of the settings is really glitchy and doesn't allow you to do things such as set the Mouse 1 button to ""Attack"". So basically if you want to attack something you have to press a key such as E, EVERY time you want to attack, which is a major downside considering how much the game relies on attacking."
,Not Recommended,241600,14377846,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,jams,takes too much. 800x600 low shaders everything low as possible and not fullscreen i still lag way too much. I dont lag this much as when I play Counter Strike GO on medium settings.
,Recommended,241600,30184853,Posted: 25 February,all,Dimondium,"I'm not much for reviews and I know my game time is relatively low, but I will say that this is an excellent way to dip your toes into the rogue-like genre. I normally stayed far away from roguelikes simply because they were so punishing and/or just had control schemes that made them half-luck at times. This game controls excellently, is oddly addicting, and has a wonderful soundtrack and aesthetic that just make a great game overall.My only major gripes would be that some of the hero traits are kinda harmful to your eyes if you're sensitive to that sort of thing. Far/near-sighted blurs their respective areas in a way that hurts just to look at, and while you can say ""just don't look"", since it's centered on your character and always moving, you're going to look at SOME point. Vertigo is similar, but to a lesser extent since it allows adjustment over time.Solid game overall though! An easy 9/10 in my book."
76561197996198924,Recommended,241600,30274064,Posted: 2 March,all,Modrzew,One of the best rogue like games I've ever played. Clearly inspired by Castlevania series. Learn how to counter enemies by being killed by them many times untill you will be able to finish the game only to find the horrible truth...
76561198322342264,Recommended,241600,30079735,Posted: 21 February,all,Kin-,"well never thought i'm gonna forget to eat , well that's just happened."
,Recommended,241600,7975894,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Momoshika,trust dis is sum well sick game. trust when i sayy dis if for bladdermen only... u need propa skillz for dis innit
,Not Recommended,241600,8216561,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Kestrel,"I don't understand the appeal of games like this. This isn't fun, it's just stressful..."
,Not Recommended,241600,7795313,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,rotinaj,pretty terrible
76561198064610026,Not Recommended,241600,21627697,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Spuckklerr,"This might be more based on my personal experience and preference of things I suppose, but maybe it's not? It's hard to say for me, really.This game is pretty cool. It forces you to improve with Charon taking your money every time you go through the castle and the amount he takes from you can be reduced should you get enough money in the first place (this is a problem I will get to in a bit) so you can't just get a chest or two, die, then rinse and repeat. I respect this a lot. But the problem with improving is that it's really ♥♥♥♥ing hard to do. Of course, it's SUPPOSED to be hard! It's a rogue-like, I don't want a stupidly easy walk-in-the-park session. But this is way too difficult, and not designed-in-a-good-way difficult, I mean the difficulty is COMPLETELY RANDOM.And this is where my problems with  the game explode.Randomness keeps the game fresh, and although this is a good concept, the way this game uses it can be a bit... flawed. The randomized family tree is nice as it sort of gets you doing multiple different play styles, but random enemy placement can, at times, be ABYSMAL. You'll be in such a mad rush to get past a series of traps (Say, a spikey floor and some projectiles shooting downward at you) that you won't have enough time to get close enough to the end to check for an enemy, such as a zombie who only appears when you're literally a foot in front of it, as doing so would get you hit by the trap, causing damage when health is hard to replenish in this game and knocking you into the trap and likely killing you. And  if you don't check for an enemy as you're so focused on avoiding the trap and you DO make it to the end, SURPRISE ZOMBIE OUT OF THE NOWHERE! This can hurt you immensely, and will probably kill you.There was one placement in an empty treasure room where the room was devoid of all but a few statues and a chest at the end and there was a zombie in the middle to trick people who rush right in there, and I love this placement. It's rather hilarious and well-designed and something you can STRATEGIZE FOR. But the placement I just mentioned before is NOT ideal. Enemies you can't even see will float through the wall and attack you while you're busy trying to kill that one magic attacker that deals so much damage with so many projectiles. This game is more a difficult and stupidly grindy randomized platformer than it is a genuine rogue-like.Enemy patterns are hard to learn as a result of this constant death and random enemy placement, and this makes it hard to get gold which you need to upgrade yourself in the first place, so it turns into a constant grind of ""Am I going to get even DECENTLY kind-ish spawns,"" getting a couple of chests and then dying a swift death. You only got 600 gold? Well too bad, it already costs over 1000 for most of the practical upgrades! Here, have this upgrade that you CAN buy now and it'll make everything more expensive! The random enemy patterns and room placements make it almost impossible to use proper skill and strategy as it's based mostly on some ridiculous reflexes (and me, having some hand-eye coordination issues this doesn't help one bit) and luck.But none of this would be so bad if you AUTOMATICALLY TURNED TO FACE AN ENEMY. I might be really close to an enemy and about to attack it, but in a panic I accidently press the other direction to move away first, then attack. Not only does this cause me to miss my attack, but as I'm thinking ""oh wait, I need to turn around to hit this guy now,"" ""This guy"" will hit me and again, most likely kill me or at least severely wound me so that I'll die a horrendous death in the following room. Compare this to say, the Huntress character from Risk of Rain, where she is designed to kite enemies. Because that game is not a dual-stick game, she automatically turns and faces the nearest enemy to her once she starts shooting with her bow. But in this game, which may I remind you is a rather DELICATE PLATFORMER involving VERY TOUCHY MOVEMENTS PAIRED WITH INSANE REACTIONS, it's really hard to actually hit anything when you're trying oh-so-very hard not to die, but you're gonna die anyway if you don't ♥♥♥♥ing kill the buggers!So basically, I don't like this game. Whatever. I'll stick to Magicite and Risk of Rain if I want an actual fun rogue-like. Maybe I'll find some better games along the way."
,Recommended,241600,8209153,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,cbtlr,"I'm so very impressed with Rogue Legacy, as a fan of other indie PC based rogue likes such as the Binding of Isaac, I've put close to 60 hours into this game and still have yet to formally finish the game. The grind can wear you down, but you when you finally get to the top of the next hill, it's very rewarding. The upgrade tree, which sticks with your journey permanently, combined with the random characteristics of your character balance the luck of the draw with the amount of time invested into the game. Perhaps my favorite indie game of 2013."
,Not Recommended,241600,16015784,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sutalffa,"There's too much grinding.  It's a great concept, but it starts slow, has a midgame that's too fast, and has a late game that takes too much effort to be bothered.Also, the next generation system is kind of disappointing since you don't always get the right class.  You'll upgrade the blacksmith, enchanter, or whoever only to not be able to play that class in your next playthrough... unless you kill a random character off on purpose which kind of defeats the point of caring about the next generation.If the game started you with 250 hp and had an explosive amount of options, this game would be incredible, but it doesn't.  A lot of the game's ""fun"" seems to come from its monotonous simplicity that just takes a little while to master, and then a lot of repetition to reach the next level of simplicity."
76561198046202989,Not Recommended,241600,13657294,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Seventhorbetter,"Do not, under any circumstances, spend a dime on this wretched piece of garbage called a game.  I have been playing rogue-likes and platformers since before they were called such, and nowhere since Compuserve's Hobbit game have I seen such an unbalanced game.  Entering any room may result in unavoidable death.  Every death makes every upgrade more expensive.  Ever death makes the monsters more difficult to deal with.Then there are the input issues. Some inputs are simply ignored, and the chance of this is more thanrandom.And, with every death, and every restart there are innumerable required watching rote cut scenes, unskippable tutorials, and fruitless loot acquisitions that are taken away once you reach the starting point.  More time wasting by the developers.  What the hell were they thinking?  Lets annoy the you-know-what out of the people that support us by buying our game?  What utter morons.In short, not fun, not worth the incredibly cheap price, not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,241600,9556589,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,wonderwolf,-too easy-too many palette swaps/too little variety in enemy type-too little variation from environement to environment-absolutely boringly exploitable classes-generic 'retro' sprite visuals+ok soundtrack
,Recommended,241600,23034070,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Tuco,Dark Souls in 2D.
,Recommended,241600,11550572,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Shankythegingy,"earned $5000 by doing well in a run with a barbarian queen, then forgot to spend it on and lost it all when i payed charon. 10/10."
76561198066718872,Not Recommended,241600,13375040,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,cyboytori,"in the beginning this game was very fun but as i kept playing it became too grindy. getting money for the weapons ,armor. and runes became too tedious."
,Not Recommended,241600,17008518,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Strictly a Casual,Meh
76561198043691447,Not Recommended,241600,16189711,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Induced_Current,"Looks like a fantastic game, but it won't run on my computer. This 2D game will not run with a playable framerate on the computer on which I played Deus Ex: HR. Also, I've owned it for a year now and they still have not fixed it."
,Recommended,241600,10892384,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Merm,It's Dark Souls: 2D Edition
76561198065528781,Not Recommended,241600,15476174,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Alby,Fix the #$%^ controls
,Recommended,241600,23144764,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Magyarharcos,"One of the best roguelike games, hands down.Art style is charming, music is amazing and gameplay is challenging and then in the end game a bit bullet hell-y. Boss fights are creative, challenging and they feel different. Oh, and its chockfull of mechanics you haven't seen before."
,Not Recommended,241600,16996170,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Lionarith,Too hard
76561197982022431,Not Recommended,241600,14828314,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,stretched,hard to play.
,Not Recommended,241600,17001451,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,hepatitisdd,"Went through the first round, died and ended up with a character with vertigo (screen upside down). Took ten minutes to realize this is a 'feature' that you can't turn off, not even in the menus so I had to hard quit the game to get out of it. Deleted my profile. Found I had to go through the tutorial again. So far really unimpressed. Yeah okay cute gimmick, give me a way to turn it off.Some of the gimmicks are amusing, lots of them are dumb (like why would you ever take this character dumb?). There's also a lot of pointless grinding for gold at the beginning so that you can get enough health to not get ripped like a wet paper towel by the first couple enemies and next to zero health drops throughout. Lots of interesting abilities that you can't use becaue you'll run out of mana in 10 seconds.Also, crap framerate in fullscreen on mac and the control scheme is idiotic without a 360 controller. I payed $3 so whatever, don't buy it at full price."
76561197981176523,Recommended,241600,9402857,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Isalon,"I have some serious - and I mean SERIOUS - issues with collision detection in this game. Mainly when I jump and press down + attack, whether it pops the small portable bridges or not. This could be improved.Having said that, this game is still super fun. I'm finding myself lost in it for hours at a time. The entire day today has literally slipped away from me. The only thing I wish I had more of was money - I'm terribly bad at this game, and the game penalizes you greatly for being bad at it. There's a point reached where the gold you make can no longer buy you items or skills, making your only choice for advancement to get lucky enough to survive long enough to make a wise purchase with your coin before doing it all over again.That's part of what a Roguelike is supposed to do I suppose, but this game could be a bit more forgiving and friendly with regards to coin issuance and/or skill cost. Overall rating for me would be a 7.5/10. I'd buy this, but only if it were on sale. Still recommend it to anyone who enjoys side-scrolling action games with a roguelike RPG touch though. Game would easily be 10/10 if the issues I mentioned were adjusted or corrected. Good job guys!"
76561198048227370,Recommended,241600,29146999,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"Very fun, but I haven't played much."
76561198045059332,Recommended,241600,23390038,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Don Juan Ponce De León,Good game
,Recommended,241600,33531169,Posted: 14 July,all,Fehlnir,A remaster of the hit game Thief.
76561198030844458,Not Recommended,241600,17022656,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,stcrispin,Not very good.Consists of frantic button mashing.
76561198010641857,Recommended,241600,15394181,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ivan Moreira,"fun indie rogue game. well done, well designed, good graphics, not so interesting backgroud history.its perks and level up options are interesting. a tad too hard to my incapable negative dexterity hands, but I still had tons of fun dying."
76561198069960287,Not Recommended,241600,34488446,Posted: 25 August,all,Nicnac72,"Jesus Christ.I do not like Rogue Legacy. It makes me sad inside. I got it on sale for when it was extraordinarily cheap and it still felt like a ripoff. I understand that people really like this game, and I can see why people like the concept- every time you die (which will be a lot, the game is bloody hard), you get a new character with a ""special ability"". The novelty of these wears off very quickly and very easily becomes a boring waste of what could have been a good run. Also I don't know if it's just me, but the game crashes lots.Other than that I do really like the art style."
,Recommended,241600,10737906,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,nomadredd,"This game was quite hard at the start.  I hated it first as it was frustrating.  But it gets better after spending 4-5hrs into it and upgrade my health and armor plus the double jump.  Flying is also cool but I find the double jump - later the triple jump to be easier to manage which made the game really enjoyable.The gold is also difficult at first but my run after a few days gold is pretty easy, around 4000 gold per run... i guess it has to do with the upgrades and it really gets easy.I feel the Lich King is underpowered some balancing is needed, i think only the barbarian king or the ninja is the best class.  I think the magic is very underpowered and I feel I dont really need it.  That really needs improvement.But overall this is one the best rogue like games I have played, which I rank on-par with Unepic - another great game.I feel some upgrades are needed1) Should have a variation of weapons.2) Magic is very stupid, I feel you need to revamp it or loss it altogether.  I can play without it.3) You need to have tutorials on what some stuff does like Charon's Obol - which is like HELLO - makes you have a free pass going into the caste.  I have wasted like 4 of those!4) It gets a bit repeatative after 25 hrs of playing... i think you need some other variation."
76561198007807564,Recommended,241600,2468313,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Drunetovich,"♥♥♥♥♥♥, frustrating and hectic - if that's you kind of game - go get it!"
76561198036505921,Recommended,241600,8603380,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,ichabod_scream,"In a review of Volgarr the Viking it was said that the game was good but could have done more: that it should have taken eveything that sucked about old platformer games and improved them (like the ability to control your jump).  I'm happy to say that this game did a very good job taking out all that sucked about old platformers.  I'm also happy to say that it also keeps all the stuff we loved about those old games.This game is incredibly addictive, more fun than a twister in a trailor park, and a steal for a budget game.  I can't give it a higher recommendation that this: i hope to hell they make a Rogue Legacy 2 and keep the goodness coming."
,Recommended,241600,15729449,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Mountain Man,"Pretty goodDies after about 40 hours of gameplay though, which I guess is also pretty good for anyone who doesn't play video games 24/7"
76561197994056558,Recommended,241600,13485330,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,M M,"Insanely difficult at first, but once you get the hang of it you'll wonder where the hours went."
76561198104361263,Recommended,241600,29797802,Posted: 9 February,all,Taddy Mason,"This isn't a game a plan to beat. It's not so much that I can't, it's more that I don't want to. I enjoy the gameplay too much. I like the humor, the generational tree and genetic traits that affect gameplay like colorblindness, or being huge, or small, or fast, etc. The enemies are fun and varied enough that I don't mind that the harder ones are basically bigger reskins with a slightly larger attack radius or faster attack speed. I like this game so much, because it's a great game to play with some friends to see who can live the longest or kill the most monsters or gather the most gold, etc. in one life.Over the 30 hours of gameplay I have in this, my friends and I have unlocked most of the upgrades and have gotten enough upgrades so that we only lose 50% of our gold as part of Charon's fee to reenter the castle. (Charon is the entity you give all your gold to to gain entry to the castle. You can spend it on upgrades before entering and you keep all your gold when you die. It's only when you want to reenter the castle that you must give up your earnings.) And we have enough upgrades that regardless of which class we choose, we have a good chance of making it to the first and/or second boss before dying. But our lust for gold and desire to kill the most ensures we most likely will never beat the game. And that's fine for me. I just love clomping around this castle as various offspring and classes and seeing how many enemies I can kill and how much gold I can get.If you're really good at roguelikes and just want to play this game to beat it, it might not be worth the $15 price tag for you. But if you're like me, and enjoy a game with good gameplay, then you might like this one as much as I do. Keep in mind that it is pretty difficult and you'll likely die a bunch, but eventually, you'll be raking in so much cash each run, your deaths won't matter."
,Recommended,241600,2380101,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,peppage,A little bit of grinding involved but fun and satisfying to beat.
,Recommended,241600,9052953,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Mr. Turtle The Wall Builder,Turtle approved.
76561197972081235,Recommended,241600,9403614,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Scorpion,Fun little game.
76561198014277673,Recommended,241600,15543600,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Oranix,Beat it with one character.
76561197992270248,Not Recommended,241600,17620488,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Zuntullah,You keep dying it's not fun really.
,Recommended,241600,9095049,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Bepis,Dis game iz amazing
,Recommended,241600,1879154,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 1 | 2 *3*] = ~88% (75%-100%)Singleplayer 2D platform fighting game with slightly retro graphics in a procedurally assembled dungeon. Has permadeath and no loading/saving - but you can permanently level up the base qualities your new random character will have. Random? Well, you'll have certain traits. E.g. jump higher or be more susceptible to damage, etc., and you can pick one of several random characters available at every start.The game is good fun, a recommendation without doubts.DURATION: 10 TO 35 HOURSI've played Rogue Legacy now for over 50 hours (profile says 70 ... not sure if that's true or false), and this is where I really draw the line with this game, it doesn't have anything more for me to offer. And I might have played significantly less, wouldn't I have listened to videos (e.g. ""Atheist Experience"") meanwhile, which works really well with this game (and also with Minecraft, hint hint).This means that I got an outstanding bang4buck ratio. I got RL for €10.50, so I paid 21ct or even only 15ct per hour. Ignoring how (un)reasonable it is to judge like that, it's certainly a factor.I abstained from tackling the bosses in the first 40 hours because at first, they turned out to be much too hard, so I wanted to strongly build up the character and eventually just got into the habit of playing this mighty fun game. When I eventually got to them, they were rather easy. So, I suggest that you don't quite max out your character before you start taking them on, or you're missing out on an aspect of the game."
,Recommended,241600,415346,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Kenuty,"This game is awsum+Metroidvania+Hours of fun, HOURS+Randomized Dungeons+Fresh hier system+Hottest Indie Title right now+15 dollars+Dieing has never been so fun+Things keep surprising you as you unlock it-Its 2d but graphics aren't important if the gameplay is amazing-It is too cool for its own good-its addictivehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRDW9qKfrzo&feature=c4-overview&list=UUXGd7RegfStA25hUftOyVfw"
,Not Recommended,241600,30995220,Posted: 7 April,all,Sven++,"Fun for a little except the awful combat mechanics, but the game ultimately descends into a boring grindfest with uninspired spawns and levels, and not a whole lot to do."
,Not Recommended,241600,29925886,Posted: 14 February,all,Wiggles,I honestly can't tell if the game is too hard or if I'm just a big baby. It seems unfairly (and un-FUN-ly) difficult to me but I suppose some people love an extreme challenge.
,Not Recommended,241600,13661573,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Captan | Tautis,2 hard for me
76561198034525914,Not Recommended,241600,8583583,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Got Baking Soda? #Dicks Out,"A dumb and watered down version of original Castlevania titles from the 80's, 90's and handheld titles. This game has no story, a bad pixel art style and watered down combat that gets boring fast with bad music. Not worth the buy stay away."
,Recommended,241600,11488442,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,Honestly Steam should change their rating system to stars instead of the gay♥♥♥♥♥Facebook system because I'm in between like and dislike with this game.Game is fun and challenging but it gets kinda repetitive and grindy the more you play.
,Not Recommended,241600,13850478,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,pbc★,"no fun, if you die you have to start from beginning and you die very fast..."
,Not Recommended,241600,30219600,Posted: 27 February,all,GabrielSC319,"Nope, the controls man, they're not good. Left it open for more than 2h and couldn't get a refund, you should just avoid it entirely.. Or maybe that's just me."
76561197985508342,Not Recommended,241600,30130003,Posted: 23 February,all,mudplayerx,Refunded. Optimized poorly where switching resolutions causes the mouse cursor to stop interacting with the game in interact with the desktop instead. I could hear the sound working but the screen was frozen. Full screen crashed the computer. This on a mid-range gaming laptop that runs games like Total War on all max settings.It's a shame because I really wanted to play this game.
,Not Recommended,241600,28703580,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ganjuro,"Nice ideas, challenging game, good (old school graphics like) but....I'm very disapointed by the maniability of the characters.The fact that you have to hit the plateforms with your sword to activate them is really painfull / joystick destructive. The difficutly shouldn't come from the maniability but, from the ennemies, monsters, level design and so one...The matters with this kind of game is they look often like 'our past good old games' but a the end of the day they aren't because all the 'best practises' shown in the past (IE: Japan plateformers ) to have a real good game are simply forgotten/missed.Bah, it's just another disappointing game...Anyway, if you don't mind about maniability and you like to die by missing active plateforms, give it a try!"
,Not Recommended,241600,30273882,Posted: 1 March,all,Balthar,The game is just a major grind
76561198140326797,Recommended,241600,30228872,Posted: 27 February,all,Kittenwarlock,"Gave me a good 20 hours of enjoyment.The gameplay was fun and simple and the storytelling, thought sparse, is actually pretty decent especially if you go back and read all 25 journal entries in a row."
76561198038659734,Recommended,241600,12384674,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Knight9910,"Rogue Legacy. This game really bothers me, and it's a bit difficult for me to explain exactly why. Still, if I had to explain (and I kind of do, otherwise this isn't much of a review) then I would put it like this:Like most people, I originally loved this game. The exploration-based platforming and combat were fun and simple. More, the ""inheritance"" system - wherein each time you die you take over one of your character's children with a new class, special attack, and collection of traits - was something completely new, which I had never seen any game attempt before.But of course, you do eventually realize the game's problems. For me, this realization came near the end of my first day with the game I looked over and realized I was level 60 already... and I was barely into the game. I hadn't even beaten the first boss. I wasn't even close to ready to beat the first boss.This is because you advance SO slowly in this game. At that point, and heck still where I am now a really good run through the dungeon might net me a rune I'll never use and enough gold to get +1 attack power.But that's not what bothers me.Then I realized, this game is basically built to reward luck over skill. Everything about this game is luck; the luck to get a nicer build for the procedurally generated castle, the luck to get better rewards in the chests and from enemies. Even combat rewards luck over skill, as the one truly skill-based class (the Hokage) is quickly overshadowed by the others and you're forced to rely on things that are by definition unreliable to win: things like critical hits, MP-using magic attacks, and tanking with high HP.But that's not what bothers me.I realized that the game is basically just a time sink. If you really look at it, there's really not a whole lot of content here. If you could go straight through on one try you'd have about four hours of content. It gets stretched out because you die constantly, you advance so slowly, and every time you re-enter the dungeon you've got to run through the same regions you've already been through again and again.But that's not what bothers me.No, what bothers me is the fact that this stuff DOESN'T bother me.The game is just plain fun. The platforming works really well and, while it can be difficult, you always get the sense that you could totally do it if you were just a little bit better. Combat is simple and enjoyable, but also a fair challenge.The presentation is great, as well. The enemies and environments are beautifully drawn, and the music is the perfect amount of atmospheric without becoming just dull and moody -Diablo's music composers could stand to take a few lessons from these guys.This is a game I can get into and just play again and again. It's just too bad that every time I load it up I feel like I'm giving in to something evil...KR Rating: 4/5 DARN IT, WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE SO GOOD?Link to my original review"
,Not Recommended,241600,8640130,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,TimonWDC,Could be fun.  But isn't.  At all.
76561198316703334,Recommended,241600,30178867,Posted: 25 February,all,Cain88,good game. fun dungeon crawler. You can easily start playing this game and get lost in it and look at your clock and a few hours have past. I've already recommended to a few of my friends
,Recommended,241600,23910146,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,Niceee ;3
76561198043499627,Not Recommended,241600,23977865,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sliced Lemon,"Simply put, a boring and repetitive game, in which the actualy game itself mocks you with charon stealing your money each run and your ""Legecys"" new abilitys not making any real differnce. You see a trait once, your wowwed, then the next fifty times you see it your bored of it. The only way this games difficult is in the sear amount of replaying you have to do to make any progress. As for the grind, well simply put, unless you get the minimum amount of gold before dying, you wasted your time trying, as there is no inventory system and no real way to gain any EXP. Overall this game is Praised over a gimmick that is simply that, A gimmick."
,Recommended,241600,30347230,Posted: 5 March,all,Guz Forster,"I love this game. It's always fun to play, incredibly difficult, random dungeons, character evolution and witty humor."
,Not Recommended,241600,19607007,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,genoforprez,"I've tried to play it a hundred times and like it. I honestly WANT to like it, as a huge fan of the metroidvania genre, but in the end it turns out to be another game that proves my absolute distaste for the roguelike genre and its terrible fetishes."
76561198010231194,Not Recommended,241600,22872443,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ErinBrie,"Repetitive for the sake of being repetitive, I guess.Even with a controller I found this extremely difficult, and ultimately too frustrating to play for very long. It feels like it wants to be Castlevania, but the fit and finish are clearly lacking.The graphics and sound are great, but gameplay itself is troubling. Hitting enemies seems almost random, and I found the unpredictability more frustrating than the permadeath game mechanic.I gave it a few lineages to be fair, but honestly, this is not a game I'd recommend to anyone. Unless of course, frustrating, painful platforming is your hobby."
,Not Recommended,241600,35162714,Posted: 23 September,all,FUCK FIEND,"This game is alright. It's challenging but in a way that feels more disappointing than fun. A big part of what I mean by this is that player health drains very quickly and it's not easy to avoid damage. So, naturally this results in a lot of death, not unlike other games in the genre. This difference is that in this game it feels more because of the game design itself than because of the player's skill. Since most characters lack an ability to block incoming damage, most of the time the only way to avoid taking a hit is to jump or run away from incoming projectiles but the problem here is that characters are a bit slow. Not only that but most of the time there's not a lot of room to jump out of the way because of how much space characters take up. It certainly doesn't help when you've got spikes hanging from the ceiling which renders jumping from attacks useless because you'll just take damage anyway. This wouldn't be so much of a problem if there were more opportunities to heal your character but there are very few healing items, and the ones there are don't heal very much.On a different topic, I liked the idea of random character traits and this family lineage thing but in practice it doesn't seem to effect gameplay very much. Since you die so quickly you don't really get to see how these unique character traits effect gameplay in the long run. Every character ends up playing the same way and dying the same way with only slight variations.Overall, it's alright but I just couldn't get into it."
,Recommended,241600,13948399,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,fatputtycat,"Ok, too tired to type, so lets do a quick run of goods and bads and everything between with a TL;DR at the end...Good:-Replayablity-Many monsters to fight-Many upgrades to unlock-Awesome soundtrack-Funny atributes that can be randomly set on one of the characters you may choose from at the biggining of each game.-3 large areas to explore-Alot of bossesBetween:-Randomly Generated levels (may hate or not hate)-Very challenging to some-Lose all gold everytime you re-enter the castle (unless if you got the powerup where you can bargain the price of entry)Bad:-No Steam Cloud (so when you get a new PC, you have to start over)TL;DR? It wasn't too long, go back and read it ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Rating: 9.8/10"
,Recommended,241600,16495407,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,LunarDelusion,"you die allot, i guess like darksouls but its a good game i would only recomend if you use controlers as the controls for keyboard are pretty bad"
,Not Recommended,241600,33900887,Posted: 30 July,all,Frits,"It felt too grindy and frustratingly difficult to me. I have enjoyed other (difficult) roguelike/roguelite games in the past, but I guess the hardcore platforming just isn't for me.Controls feel tight, there is nothing wrong with the game mechanics. The concept of respawning with new character traits is cool, it's just the difficulty that killed it for me. I guess that if I grinded forever for good unlocks and stats I might be able to beat it, but that beats the purpose of a fun game for me.If you can handle the difficulty, go for it."
76561197979593595,Not Recommended,241600,34234983,Posted: 14 August,all,RP: King Cali,"Gameplay:Rogue Legacy is simple, it's a randomly generated 2D action game. You have very simple combat, and platforming abilities. The main gameplay loop is collecting as much gold as possible before your inevitable death, and then upgrading your subsequent characters. It's initially fun, but starts to feel like work, especially if you're doing multiple run throughs and aren't able to scrounge enough gold to collect something.Presentation: Graphically it's quite nice. There are minor variances to your characters which can be fun. The enemies do fall into recolour territory and there is a lot of asset reuse for being procedurally generated. The soundtrack is forgettable, but most of the in game sounds are quite satisfying.Difficulty: Rogue Legacy has an extreme difficulty spike. Initially you are incredibly weak. Pathetically weak. Then after numerous attempts, you reach a point where you're capable of surviving long enough to fight the bosses reasonably.Length: A recent completed playthrough was just over 8 hours with a brief foray into New Game+. A playthrough at release getting 100% compeltion was casually completed in just over 24 hours. There's a good chunk of game here if you're looking for 100%, but whether or not you like the game will be apparent within the first hour.Final Verdict: Rogue Legacy isn't a bad game, but it's gameplay loop is only going to appeal to a certain set of players. For fans of rogue-likes, they'll probably dislike the progression system and emphasis on success through death. For casual players, they may be put off by the initial difficulty spike."
76561198305563552,Not Recommended,241600,31380169,Posted: 26 April,all,deCastroReviews,"A pretty cool concept, just poorly executed.  The game is very difficult but unlike good games in the genre such as castevania symphony of the night, the controls are clunky and give you hardly any movement options to accommodate the high difficulty."
,Not Recommended,241600,13657837,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ch1kn L1ckn,"Did they purposely make this game so insanely difficult? Choose a new hero...Choose a new hero...Choose a new hero...Choose a new hero...Choose a new hero...Choose a new hero...Choose a new hero...Choose a new hero...Choose a new hero...Choose a new hero...Choose a new hero...all within minutes of each other. Lame. Fight a boss guy, die as soon as you walk in the room with no notice. How does this have so many likes. I guess peoples definitiosn of games have changed."
,Not Recommended,241600,17306213,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Zeriel00,"This game is just trial an error, I was expecting a more interesting gameplay instead of this.You run around and die almost instantly until you can afford upgrades to move foward. Thedecendant mechanic is worthless because you go trough decendants like eating Popcorn ina movie. The game is repetitive and not fun, I was expecting something like Shovel Knight.Really disappointed4/10"
76561198136928175,Recommended,241600,29617523,Posted: 31 January,all,[BBQ]MrOnur,good game
,Not Recommended,241600,9366951,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Face Hugger,"Rogue Legacy has an interesting premise that sounds good on paper - and seems somewhat fresh at first - but doesn't translate well due to poor, dated platforming that is exacerbated by a flawed implementation of randomness.The randomized nature of the characters, maps, and enemy layout more often than not ends up detracting from the platforming and combat. In fact, the maps are routinely laid out in ways meant to deliberately frustrate. The platforming elements demand a lot of the player in regards to precision and timing, and yet the controls themselves are floaty and imprecise. It leads to very short lives ended by frustrating deaths which couldn't be avoided.Characters inherit or develop new traits, from benign cosmetic features to physics-altering gimmicks. While some are sources of mild amusement, such as flatulence, most do nothing but add an extra and artificial dimension of difficulty. For example, you may have ""gigantism"" which makes your character huge - it's difficult to impossible to avoid enemy attacks or navigate traps. So you chuckle, ""oh hey I'm big that's funny"", then immediately die and get no progression out of it. Ditto for ""vertigo"", which inverts the world and all controls. It's all just pointless and poorly thought out.The short lives combined with a scarcity of enemy and platforming variety inherintly leads to repetition. It snowballs into full-on grinding before you're even thirty minutes into the game. To make matters worse, even the grinding itself is throttled by progressively more expensive unlocks and a mechanism that removes all excess gold from your new characters prior to re-entering the dungeon. So if you didn't do very well your previous life thanks to the poor controls or some gimmicky trait that hamstrung your character, you can't progress at all.In short Rogue Legacy is a poor game, from general design to gameplay, and I'm shocked it is rated so highly. It's really nothing like the genre it claims to pay homage to. I only spent $5 USD on it, so there's that, but even five bucks seems steep for this game - I'd rather the developers had paid me to play it."
,Not Recommended,241600,30287240,Posted: 2 March,all,Domino,You will spend most of you time grinding dungeons for nothing because your gold resets everytime you go back in. Do not get.
,Recommended,241600,30006641,Posted: 18 February,all,Ken7,New game+99999999999
,Not Recommended,241600,29365904,Posted: 19 January,all,MF,idk why i dont like this. its good
,Not Recommended,241600,28309655,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,R0ckBeatsPaper,Overall a fun but frustrating game with terrible boss mechanics.
76561198328837375,Not Recommended,241600,30105943,Posted: 22 February,all,dj.strode,"I'm probably getting too old for this kind of fiddly platformer. The platforms created in mid - air induced a rage quit after ten minutes. Hello, goodbye.  This happens a lot, so it's probably me."
76561198102346517,Not Recommended,241600,22747119,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Richard Nixon,Difficult controls. If you can get used to using crazy buttons to attack then go for it.
,Recommended,241600,15068783,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Reubensandwichthe1st,-Starts game-Pick Charactor-Dies-Pick Charactor again-Dies-Pick Charactor again-Dies-Pick Charactor again-Dies-Pick Charactor again-Dies-Pick Charactor again-Dies-Pick Charactor again-Dies-Pick Charactor again-Dies-Pick Charactor again-Dies-Quits game-Starts game later-Plays-Dies-Pick Charactor again-Dies-Quits game10/10 would Pick charactor and die again
76561198092316422,Not Recommended,241600,30194305,Posted: 26 February,all,Dispersion,It's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥if you're expecting roguelike game
76561198048632813,Recommended,241600,30008104,Posted: 18 February,all,Dr Doom,Really fun and decently challenging
,Recommended,241600,29662000,Posted: 2 February,all,Petry,AWESOME
76561198068611267,Not Recommended,241600,23947302,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Demonic Duck,"Ever wanted to play the original castlevania but unfair level design? Me neither!This game is just another unbalanced random generation game and is not only artificially difficult most of the time, but is one of the few that are designed to be very unrewarding."
,Not Recommended,241600,24086258,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Meme Goddess,Possibly the worst gameplay ever
76561198031554358,Not Recommended,241600,33505211,Posted: 13 July,all,Fidget Spinning Boruto,♥♥♥♥♥game with♥♥♥♥♥♥controls
76561198043350889,Recommended,241600,21248689,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Aisar,"Fun game, worth a playthrough."
76561198142215414,Not Recommended,241600,34872559,Posted: 10 September,all,PumPumTcha,I lost all my save and so all my heritage.Disappointed as ♥♥♥♥ !Cloud saving should be mandatory !
,Not Recommended,241600,8550252,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"I like randomization but this game's a bit too random... like to the point where it basically ruins the fun factor completely. The speed at which this game plays is just a bit too much for me. For example...?Enter a room and you're told you have 5 seconds to scale a bunch of platforms and reach a treasure chest but you've just wasted two seconds reading the caption of being told what to do... now the chest is forever lost. What was in it? A potential upgrade perhaps? Guess you'll never know because this game is for masochists.The game itself is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ difficult and relys on you dying at least 13373 times before you finish the game... it just isn't my cup of tea. I enjoy random dungeon generation but every time you die and don't pay the engineer to maintain the castle's structure it's basically like you just started the game from scratch again. Boring.Also each subsequent playthrough only gets more and more difficult as enemies scale with you. At some point you'll have to delete your save file and start over because killing a skeleton will take you 10 minutes... You're better off just jumping over enemies at that point.Too many flaws, not enough flare, I've played better and wasted my time on less meaningful things.4 / 10 [The art style is the only decent thing and I suppose it's still playable if you look past all the suck]"
76561197978123989,Not Recommended,241600,26247473,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Hartifax,"While decent as a time-waster game or something to play in the background while listening to a podcast or whatever, at it's core it's a very mediocre game. It has a large emphasis in grinding for stats over skill, and eventually as you progress (especially to new game + and beyond) the enemy stats go so far as to make them damage sponges that can kill you pretty fast, even with a very highly or even fully upgraded character. It's also worth mentioning that the platforming elements are poorly done via bad controls that don't give you enough precision over a character that at times has to dodge bullet-hell-like environments. I don't recommend progressing to NG++ for this reason especially, as the bullet hell areas become unmanagable due to the controls.If you're looking for a time-waster game, maybe get it for cheap. If you're looking for a fun and well designed rogue-lite with a lot of depth, look elsewhere."
76561198098296885,Not Recommended,241600,12913606,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,SpartaMou5,grindfest
76561198124719423,Not Recommended,241600,31067978,Posted: 10 April,all,NicholasIIHistory'sLovableLoser,"Not really a bad little game, I'm just not recommending that you buy it. Simply put, it's too much of the same, over and over. You will probably get sick of it just after defeating the first boss, like I did, and kinda shelve it for a while, not out of anger or frustration, but simply a subconcious realization that you don't want to spend three times that much time on doing the same stuff you just did."
,Not Recommended,241600,31597868,Posted: 7 May,all,Kyma,Fun game. Terrible Control Sceme. Use a controller.
76561198020395589,Not Recommended,241600,30123754,Posted: 23 February,all,ToxicKookie,"Clunky controls and terrible sound effects and music.  Yes, I know it's a tribute to the style of games long past, but that doesn't stop me from wanting to mute it instantly."
76561198208433427,Not Recommended,241600,29755619,Posted: 6 February,all,jiberish001,"DO NOT RECOMMEND -- SUPER SHORT -- NOT WORTH $15After a handful of hours, dying over and over and over, doing the same thing over and over and over, to buy upgrades so you can do the same thing again, you get enough together and then the end comes in mere minutes of a playthrough (literally). The game is super short. Only 4 sub bosses and 2 main bosses, and then that's it. Nothing left. No replay value. You just start over doing the same boring few things endlessly. This game is not worth $15."
76561198025318109,Recommended,241600,12544496,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Nicklaus28,"Like crack. Enough roguelike to keep you coming back, enough RPG to feel like it's not wasting your time. Play this game."
,Not Recommended,241600,13672299,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,CoppyCarCorrin,"THIS GAME SO STUPID, JUST ANOTHER ****** PLATFORMER, I BROKE 3 MONITORS PLAYING THIS GAME, I CAN BARELY CONTROL THE KNIGHT THAT LOOKS LIKE A FRICKEN CHINESE IMMIGRANT, I WOULD RATHER PLAY DOTA THAN THIS GAME, SUCH TRASH"
76561198041686787,Not Recommended,241600,15534943,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,m16Ashigaru,"I'm a conservative that keeps getting characters with ""gay"" attribute. And yeah - I do think they implamanted it to get their sales boosed thanks to positive feedback, from socialy liberal people. I personally don't like it, and I think I wouldn't have bought the game if I knew.Should it impact my review? I do think so. Imagine the outrage if there was a game promoting evangelican protestantism, roman catholicism or conservative wing of republican party. I believe it would have been stomped by people outraged with the ""propaganda"". I love it when games and fiction stay outside the political spectrum. I never really care that much if they go along with my views either - I just want some fun without leftist sheep mentality written into it :PNone the less - it seems to be a good platformer, with unique concepts."
76561198076428243,Not Recommended,241600,33057279,Posted: 30 June,all,Mojo,Very repetitve ----- but that's the genre.Hard ------ not a good combinaison with repetitivity.Too much time consuming------I know this type of game:A single slide on the balance by the dev and you can double the time needed to finish it.If you have time to spend you may want to find something of a better value even if it's fun it is also a long game where the fun may drop more and more.
76561198094851250,Recommended,241600,23811833,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cardcaptor Sakura,Dungeon sucks and then you die. And then you die. And then you die. And then you die.
76561198039705559,Not Recommended,241600,29173460,Posted: 10 January,all,Bao Vu,Wonderful game if you hate yourself
,Not Recommended,241600,14172920,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zolo,"Are you good at bullet hells? If not, be prepared to grind.To make this gold grind more fun they have implented many features to maximize grind time.you bought a useless skill or rune? to bad everything else goes up in gold cost to punish you.you prayed to an idol for a phat item? to bad you got sonic's curse and lose your gold every hit.you played elf game? to bad you just lost 25% of your gold.you didn't pick a dwarf? to bad 50% of the loot chests are available for dwarves only.you picked ADD trait? to bad every fairy chest is spike dodging.you killed boss? congrats you get to grind all over again.these awesome features will extend your grind until you finally realize what are the most cheese skills and then the whole castle becomes ez mode its not even a challenge. Its like starting with a jetpack and shotgun in spelunky.unlike spelunky where I learn to avoid whatever killed me in the previous death, Rogue legacy rewardseither grinding gold or jumping around like a jack rabbit on adderall. There are only a few intresting traps/rooms to learn.The new boss modes prove this is made by ikaruga lovers.Some pros- has clowns- get insulted by clowns- naruto references- gay is a negative trait (these developers understand the sanctity of marriage)would be my type of game, but ruined by bullet hell"
76561198103182041,Recommended,241600,30051672,Posted: 19 February,all,misadventures,"Ow, my thumbs."
,Not Recommended,241600,25438054,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Ador,"I bought this game, had seen someone play this before.But it was not as good as it seemed. :/"
76561198119759274,Not Recommended,241600,30484529,Posted: 12 March,all,Big McLargeHuge,"This game has good platforming, combat and art, but the money system is so terrible that I can not recommend it. It's one thing to have everything get more expensive as you purchase items / upgrades, but you lose ALL of your money EVERY single time you start a new run. This means that, unless you have a really good run where you're getting tons of money, you're just wasting your time as nothing you collect (With the exception of rare items) counts towards anything. This game is already hard, so why do you have to make it feel like a chore to play?To put it in perspective, imagine the leveling of Dark Souls, but instead of leveling at a camp fire, you level up when you die. Now imagine that your souls are taken from you if you don't have enough to level up. That's this game's idea of ""Progression"". Either you get enough souls to level, or you get literally nothing."
,Not Recommended,241600,7854595,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"Remember how frustratingly hard Super Ghouls & Ghosts was? Well what if a poor, starving indie dev took that idea, made everything in the game randomized, and made all the bosses larger versions of normal enemies? This sums up the over-hyped waste of hard drive space that Rogue Legacy is. I hate everything about this game from the dungeon being randomized every time you die, to your new characters having all randomized stats & classes, to the forced meme garbage and terrible attempts at humor.Rogue Legacy is what I have come to expect from recent indie garbage: a repetitive, over-randomized, bullet-hell spamfest with shoehorned ""rogue-like"" elements and hideous graphics that has no redeeming values apart from being a FOTM for streamers & Youtube ""celebrities""."
,Not Recommended,241600,33008244,Posted: 29 June,all,Lady 3Jane,"symphony of the night, if alucard was made of tissue paper and all deaths made you restart your save from the intro"
76561198126416331,Not Recommended,241600,33445806,Posted: 10 July,all,beebs,No cloud saves
76561198111678511,Not Recommended,241600,23408507,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,TeddyBearJunction,I don't like it.
76561198124276155,Not Recommended,241600,28987483,Posted: 3 January,all,Barış,"This game is simply not fun enough, gameplay is too hard, I used cheat engine to do a money hack and it still was too hard, then I hacked for infinite health and guess what, it still was too hard then I hacked for mana points and it was finally a fair game but why should I have to do the work to enjoy the game that I paid for, this game lacks easy mode."
76561197997527088,Not Recommended,241600,13000792,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,[BRO] Bronas Salk,Literally just a brute-force grindfest. Was kind of disappointed after hearing so much about it.
,Not Recommended,241600,34574427,Posted: 29 August,all,Mr. Videogamer,Total♥♥♥♥♥♥roge-light
,Not Recommended,241600,23406703,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Tackleberry,It's clunky and frustrating.
,Not Recommended,241600,35067053,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,hard
,Not Recommended,241600,32441103,Posted: 15 June,all,Oke'd,"Rogue Legacyis really great for as long as it takes to see basically everything, which is unfortunately not very long, and after which point the whole thing falls to pieces. The central gimmick (from which the game gets the 'legacy' part of its title) is that each time you die venturing into the monster-infested Castle Hamson you restart at the beginning of the randomly-generated dungeon as one of your character's children. You get to pick one of three children, whose characteristics include different classes and attributes, most of which have no impact on gameplay (colourblindness makes everything black and white, irritable bowel syndrome makes your character fart every now and again, etc.), whilst others make the game literally unplayable (vertigo turns the entire screen upside down, but keeps the left-right controls the same). Weapons and armour are passed down to your descendants, as are the runes you can unlock through complete little challenges throughout the castle. All of this is towards the ultimate goal of defeating all four bosses (each in a different area of the castle) to unlock the big golden door at the entrance that leads to the final boss.The game's long-term progression is what really kills it - after each death, you can use the gold you collected to purchase upgrades to your mansion, which impact gameplay by unlocking new classes or increasing maximum health. When you choose to enter the castle again, you have to fork over all the money you have left to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at the door, meaning you may as well buy everything you can afford. This is fine, except all the upgrades are more or less the same price, and this static number increases for every upgrade after each one you unlock. What this means in practice is that after a certain point you're actually mandated to collect a certain amount of gold on each run if you want to buy anything at all, otherwise you just have to throw yourself at it again, since money doesn't stick around. For instance, if you upgrade 3 levels worth of maximum health, level 1 of attack damage is going to cost the same price as upgrading maximum health to level 4, putting all the significance of the system in the first couple of upgrades you buy. This quickly turns the game into this horrific grind that strays so far from what it looked like it was setting up to be that it's hard not to be disappointed, because there's a lot to like here. The visuals are nice, and the sound design is pleasant in a soft kind of way that suits the game's light tone, whilst the humour (whilst far from actually funny) is good for a little bit of whimsy.It's unfortunate, then, that all of this is wasted on a game whose most fundamental aspect is so flawed at it's core. Because of this,Rogue Legacywould have made a better platformer than roguelike - the gameplay is so, so appealing that the disparity between it and the long, grindy, RPG-style upgrade trees is almost funny. I guess it's worth mentioning that this is in no way the game's only flaws - a combination of reused enemies for bosses, floaty jumping puzzles and rooms so chock-full of enemies that it's practically impossible to avoid being hit would still have relegatedRogue Legacyto being a pretty middling Metroid-vania platformer, but I'd say that's certainly preferable to the decidedly below average slog that the game deforms itself into."
,Not Recommended,241600,29946478,Posted: 15 February,all,Beastie,Gets tediousNot very fun if you aren't too good at it
,Not Recommended,241600,33429246,Posted: 10 July,all,corv0,"This game is a trap. A game only for masochist players and no-lifes (that kind of persons who answer everywhere ""git gud""). But clearly not for occasional players, neither for the ones who looks for relaxing while enjoying a good story, original gameplay or even just nice pixel art... Or in a word ; any kind of fun.Ok the game is difficult, is not for me, and some people will say it's inherent to Rogue-lite games. So why it's a bad game ? Because :- Difficulty curve is reverse : very very hard in the beginning, and the more play, the more new games are easy - globally, because monster spawn is way too much random and unbalanced, making some new games just destined to be useless and making you losing time.- Always that thing to have to restart from the beginning with a new character on each death... so boring- Lot of mecanics to do game addictive (so lot of fanboys who will put me a red thumbs even before reading my review) but also ultra-repetitive.- Super basic gameplay and combats- Ugly- Horrible musics and sounds- How some people can find this game ""fun"" ? Where is the fun ? And the humor ?So, if u want to spend 200+ hours to play an addictive game, i recommend u better to play a RPG like the Witcher trilogy or the Elder Scrolls serie. Or even a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MMO.If u want a good 2D platform / metroidvania game, with good challenge, balanced progression mechanics and real fun, buy instead Cave Story+, or Guacamelee, Hollow Knight, Ori and the blind Forest, Environnemental Station Alpha, Unepic, Ghost 1.0... There is a lot of better games.BTW, take care : no cloud saves. For a game asking hundreds of boring hours of grinding...BTW 2 : to know if a magazine / person review about a game can be taken seriously, I first look for their review of this game. Good indicator."
,Not Recommended,241600,30105242,Posted: 22 February,all,limelight1210,Dying a million times but only getting minimal upgrades is not what i consider fun at all.
,Not Recommended,241600,12394040,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Luxury Yacht,"This is everything wrong with modern games, it's one long grind for upgrades in hopes that you'll get the right randomcharacter to use them. It lacks any attempt at a strong theme. It's bland, it's uninspired, it's a waste of time and money."
76561198037037478,Not Recommended,241600,24735957,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Romans 1:18-22,I really want to like this game but I just am too bad at platformers to enjoy it.  Average life is about 20 seconds.  Never get enough gold to buy anything.  Difficult controls certainy don't help.  There's no easy mode or apparent way to get some mercy.  Game doesn't adapt to you.
,Not Recommended,241600,16996480,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,LVL 99 Slime,i can't recomend it
,Recommended,241600,12508870,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Grimmkyu,I have been reborn as a descendant that recommends this game.
,Not Recommended,241600,23880330,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BIIRDY,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,241600,21120898,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ankido,Meh!Side scroller classic style but way too challenging.  You will die a billion times which is the object of the game to receive random characters.  I didn't find it a fun game and will probably get trolled for it.  It's annoying dying all the time from the stupidest♥♥♥♥♥♥  Game is on sale at the moment but still money should be spent somewhere else.
76561198002009022,Not Recommended,241600,12613055,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ZarquonReturns,"Liked the game well enough, but only my OCD compelled me to play so long. It was fun, but the physics were so punishing and the leveling up so slow, that I finally used a trainer engine to get to the end content and bosses. The Neo-challenges were still almost impossible with my steroided character. I guess if you like this sort of game, it's for you, but other than for compulsiveness I can't justify spending so much time on it in hindsight. Pass."
,Not Recommended,241600,12892020,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,LowGMan,"About as much fun as smashing your♥♥♥♥♥♥with a hammer over and over and over.  Like Super Meat Boy meets A.D.O.M, but less fun.   Would not recommend."
76561198038458697,Not Recommended,241600,25042657,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Doug Dimmadome,Cancer game
,Not Recommended,241600,33257385,Posted: 4 July,all,malaisling,"Having watched the game played extensively online and then purchasing it while it was on sale to play it manually, it is about as unimpressive as it looks.Save for the poor world building and awkward visual appearance, the production value of the game is quite high between the graphics, randomization, combat and music. The massive weakness of the game is its complete inability to simulate proper difficulty.Most of the challenges in the game come from it; filling the room with numerous hazards and enemies which it expects the player to counter all at once, putting in pointless hazards in the players way that make no sense other then to make things artificially more tedious, enemies disguised as nondescript objects in the environment, spawning the player into a room with an enemy right near them, having enemy projectiles phase through solid objects including the walls and floor and ceiling, having enemies damage the player just by touching them. The list goes on. The game almost fundamentally relies on trial-and-error, dying until you learn how to counter everything exactly, in order for it to be playable. Why bother playing, why not just purchase and play a game you can have fun with without the need for near double digit hours of experience.The artificial difficulty is made even worse by the rooms that are simply designed to stop progress entirely. Where the room is simply, spam. The developers just took a room, and flooded it with enemies or environmental hazards, or both. And then just threw that into the randomization system alongside all the normal rooms. So you randomly are expected to be able to fight five different enemies each firing projectiles at you, all at once, or traverse a pit of spikes that has platforms which need a quick time event to be activated, only last two seconds when they are activated, and there are projectiles shooting at you, and there are enemies shooting projectiles at you. And this is just something in the game that you can encounter at any point.Going beyond that, the only unique aspect of the game is its quirky character handicap system. Which amounts to nothing more, then a handicap. The characters the player chooses from to play after each time they die have random physical health conditions which pointlessly hinder gameplay. Ignoring the immense insult and immaturity that using these real life conditions in a game like they are a joke brings, on a gameplay standard they are exactly as worse.Characters generated can have conditions which effect the game itself such as: not being able to see game colour,  not being able to read game text, having the world upside down, replacing textures with immersion breaking neon textures, having everything close to the player blurred, having everything far away from the player blurred. Basically, the only unique thing the developers could come up with to give their game is to limit or outright remove fundamental aspects of the game itself. Found a journal entry while playing as a character who cannot read properly, well you just cannot read that journal entry right there then. Want to play as a certain class, but the only character with that class that has spawned is one who cannot see game colour. When then if you want to play as that class you just have to play in black and white. It is absolutely pointless, immature, offensive and downright stupid. Serving no actual purpose but to annoy the player and mock real life illness, and to be an artificial gimmick the developers could tout their game has.Yes, this is a unique aspect of this game, it is unique because no other developers previously have been this dumb and belligerent as to include something like this in one. Especially one the costs double digit cash.Additionally, the bosses are terrible. Each boss is literally a common enemy with their sprite size increased; who fights by spawning larger sized and larger amounts of the same projectile the common enemy variant spawns. Fantastic, so exciting. Cannot wait for that at the end of each map type, new content coming to you straight from the assets you have already paid for.Players who do not mind the trial-and-error pseudo difficult genre of skull-against-wall bashing will find this game quite fun and worth the price.  However if you do not then you might as well go buy any of the other games that cost the exact same amount that are way more fair and enjoyable to play, and have significantly more replayable content as well."
,Recommended,241600,12483129,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Sundance Kid,"Eh, it's nothing too special."
,Not Recommended,241600,12913691,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,///<3,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, very bad and not what it looks like. Made me break my Xbox360 controller."
76561197993290538,Recommended,241600,26405956,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Tyrants_Reach,gud.
,Not Recommended,241600,12631288,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,helbaworshipper,"Rogue Legacy is a time waster game.  As much as I enjoy it, the more time I find myself not enjoying it as much.  It could be that the game was made for people who are able to catch on quick, but here's what I think:1. Pros:- It is unique as a game in regards to how you can make a character and how you can upgrade them.- The monsters are interesting and the chests are rewarding to find.- It's good for a few hours.2. Cons:- With death constantly happening, I often find myself wondering why I do so many run throughs.- Some chests feel like you can't get them without being the most acrobatic person.- Bosses are way overpowered.It is a game that is fun for a few hours, but then you realize you have to go out of the game and see how hard it actually is to handle after awhile..."
,Not Recommended,241600,28270616,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,*FUSION* L-four,Nope nope nopeIn a good rogue like game every death feels like a mistakeIn this game it's just random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t flying out the walls
,Not Recommended,241600,30471617,Posted: 12 March,all,bobthebaker1 **,Dead
76561198044521778,Not Recommended,241600,23406203,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Moula,bad console port with terrible controls (not possible to change). nearly impossible to play without gamepad. more platforming than RPG or roguelike... first time I've used refund on steam...
,Not Recommended,241600,14882122,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Dicetrain,"This is one of the most repetitive and boring games I have ever played. How did this get well reviewed by anyone, let alone end up on so many GOTY charts? Completely absurd."
76561197962786957,Not Recommended,241600,33021141,Posted: 29 June,all,pizzathecookie,This game is really hard
,Not Recommended,241600,24009223,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cranica,"The game's mechanics themselves seemed fine, but the controls felt so clunky that I gave up after half an hour - it was just too frustrating to be fun."
,Not Recommended,241600,21121033,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Daniel_USA,"There is no way I can recommend this game to anyone! I have no idea how it has a ""very positive"" review status. There is no way I could imagine paying $15 for such a poor game. I purchased this game on sale and I automatically saw through its ""charm"". I have played crane games with better flair than this!The game is nothing but a few jokes and the same screens over and over. The game revolves around dying over and over in such a rapid succession that I guess it makes you want to keep playing because you keep dying??? I don't know how that is supposed to be fun.So the game makes you die over and over and you live for less than 30 seconds at a time hoping you find a 100 coin bag in a chandelier to progress. If you don't find enough coins then you need to relinquish all your coins and start over from 0. The majority of the time you only receive 10 coins and the first so called ""perk"" costs more than 100 coins to unlock.This game feels like it should be a $3 game sold in an Appstore!I will be refunding this game.Buy if you like feeling like an old lady with a fan fanning away mosquitos."
,Not Recommended,241600,25744736,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Zwitterion,Losed almost 20 hours played...
,Not Recommended,241600,25476436,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,!B0XY,Made with a game maker program and gets really boring after a while.
76561197967009993,Not Recommended,241600,28705725,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Smokens,This game is weak.Refunded.
,Recommended,241600,11124297,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Dannystaples,"This game is FANTASTIC. Totally addictive. Totally RPG. Totally tough. Everything I love in games.I'm not normally a massive fan of Indie games. In fact I find a few of them too difficult and the progression in them is unrewarding and glacially slow.This is none of those things. This rewards skill, when you die you feel like it is your fault and not just limitations to the game.One exception to this I would add is maybe the turn mechanics in this game. When you have enemies on both sides and you are trying to hit them, when you attack there is a split second where you cannot turn and I've died because of this a few times. Which is annoying when you are on a 12,000+ coin run.Also NG+ on this game is one of the best I've ever seen. It jumps in difficulty drastically after the first playthrough and it doesn't hold any punches. EXACTLY how a NG+ should be.Awesome game, love it."
76561198135829553,Not Recommended,241600,12765040,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,luckyloki17,"It's a nice little game. Bought it on sale for $3.74 and it just doesn't justify that price. It's a 2D sidescroller with neat little quirks, but the quirks wear off once you have them once or twice. It's just a grind to improve until you can beat a boss and repeat until game over, which does take some time, but it's pretty repetitive. Hoping they add more quirks or make it more interesting somehow, so I don't feel so bad about the wasted money."
76561198119370874,Not Recommended,241600,23385898,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Metorphium,"Maybe i would like it, if i could properly play it....The thing is this 2D Game runs like... i dont know what. It's totally not understandable that this runs at 14fps. Yes im using a low-spec laptop but that it cant even run on 30Fps in windowed mode with a 340x300 Resolution is just...."
76561198058828212,Not Recommended,241600,25375599,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Valentine,"This game is really boring.  Honestly, it's a kongregate game that they are trying to get money for... not worth it at all.  I can't recommend something that feels like it should have been a free flash game."
76561198069122702,Recommended,241600,29997276,Posted: 17 February,all,Villemand,The first rougelike ever.Too bad it's just a darksoulsbindingofisaac ripoff.
76561198079567549,Not Recommended,241600,31711984,Posted: 12 May,all,Advicerous,♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥
76561198113240318,Not Recommended,241600,12665483,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,xtratalent,this game lacks any essence of fun and is just a pain to go through. the controls are crud and the soundtrack sucks besides 1 song. evey enemy is lame and the bosses are jsut bigger versions of the normal 1s. its so unejoyable iwould not reccomend this game to anyone.
,Not Recommended,241600,33552488,Posted: 14 July,all,Prims,i cant get the fukkin clown acheivement
76561198020761420,Not Recommended,241600,28758417,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Clark Kent,I'm really terrible at this game.
76561197992866806,Not Recommended,241600,23396015,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,MV75,"Fight, die, loose your money to charon so you can't afford upgrades. Die die die die, get a rare run through you can buy something, doesn't matter as each death actually makes you weaker as the enemies get stronger, you end up going backwards and even harder to progress unlike the description gives. Die 50 times and still only barely beat the 2nd area boss. Infuriating game, better ones to play. BTW, don't use a controller, it's too slow to move your fingers around the buttons rather than just press keys on the keyboard."
76561198061267480,Not Recommended,241600,33331196,Posted: 6 July,all,loser slick,"as polished and well-intended for a low budget indie, even the most pacifist armchair game theorists will not appreciate being hearded like idiot cattle so blatantly.  great vision... unbelievably poor execution.  perhaps there is an irony there? (pass on this one)hashtag overwhelmingly un-positivehashtag uninstallhashtag curiousity killed that cat (or shorted it a couple bucks)"
,Not Recommended,241600,31594547,Posted: 6 May,all,Kyatto,no
,Not Recommended,241600,25919491,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DarkVexon,"Rogue Legacy is a pretty bad game. The superb way the game is boring, the eight different traits in the ""Generations"" gimmick that gets old in literal minutes,  everything comes together to make what is certainly a mediocre game not worth buying."
,Not Recommended,241600,32048161,Posted: 29 May,all,Saeb,This game has the ♥♥♥♥♥iest floatiest controls I've ever experienced. I even bought a gamepad to play sidescrollers and the collision detection and movements controls are ♥♥♥♥ing abysmal.
,Not Recommended,241600,29941905,Posted: 15 February,all,longdongmonger,No
76561198010335843,Not Recommended,241600,29112708,Posted: 8 January,all,Plebleb,sucks.
76561198050049656,Not Recommended,241600,25431847,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,IHateStairs,"What I just played was one of the most insanely idiodic things I've ever experienced. At no point during play was this game even close to anything that could be considered fun. I am now dumber, having played it. I award this game a 0/10 and may God have mercy on my soul."
,Not Recommended,241600,24003430,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Swordmaster1984,HUGE FUCCIN GLITCH (NEEDS TO BE FIXCED IMMEDIATELY):ROOMS KEEP CHAGNING EACH TIMECANNOT PLAY GMAE LIKE THIS PLEAS PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FIIXXX IIIIITTTT!!!
,Not Recommended,241600,30080443,Posted: 21 February,all,SweotS hellcase.com,"do NOT buy this game!The first time you start it, it looks fun, but then you die.Then you come back.. and dieand dieand dieand dieand dieand dieand dieand dieand found a boss, but then you dieuse the architect to try to get to the boss again, and then dieyou forget to use the architect again, and dieand dieand dieand finds the forest, but then you dieand dieThis is the majority of this game.If you're looking for a HARDCORE action game, then buy it.Don't waste the money like i did."
,Not Recommended,241600,26161117,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,STACK,Caveat - I assumed that my PS4 controller would work with this. It doesn't. If or when PS4 controllers are usable I look forward to playing this - but for me it's unplayable with a keyboard.A shame.
76561198030646348,Not Recommended,241600,32326626,Posted: 10 June,all,snaplp,Boring
76561198067044546,Not Recommended,241600,30064394,Posted: 20 February,all,Pirtylo,Not my cup of tea.
,Recommended,241600,30417695,Posted: 9 March,all,whoops,Very high replayability and one of the most unique platformer out there.
76561198188587007,Recommended,241600,30416663,Posted: 9 March,all,"Ludwig, the Holy Blade",-starts game-chooses archmage with I.B.S and cropolia and is gay-gets obliterated by a wargenflorgen-dies with my last words being @#{:{}>{}:@-chooses another son-chooses a paladin that is THE ONE and has dementia-wrecks the whole tower and its beasts-comes out of the last boss chamber-slips and gets impaled on spikes10/10-would REK again
,Recommended,241600,30434005,Posted: 10 March,all,WalkerTexasR,excellent game!
,Not Recommended,241600,9812159,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,The Cool Gamer Guy,"poor controls force you to grind in order to soak up more damage instead of offering ways to avoid it, not really compelled by any of the rooms or setpieces i saw, 'lineage/genetic' features fail to affect gameplay in any significant way, i'd rather just play castlevania"
,Recommended,241600,10121693,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Greg the Bunny,"Incredibly fun, though the first hour will be very difficult if you aren't familiar with platformers. It's easy to learn, the enemies are well designed and have good tells, and it definitely makes you feel accomplished as you get better and you expand your manor."
76561198044448586,Recommended,241600,10264624,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Mr.Lenkowitz,"I love the rogue genre. I love platformers. This game has both, with a mix of RPGs elements to it. When I first played this game, I learned that it plays a bit like an RPG due to character classes in the game. I realized, through sheer stupidity and many deaths, that it is way more skill based than I thought, so you will need to understand the advantages and disadvantages of each class."
76561198108159576,Recommended,241600,10268459,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Ryodran,"This is my first rogue dungeon style game, and I must say i am wildly impressed with it.  It plays nice with either controller or keyboard ( although I just bought a controller), has a limited story which fits it quite well, and has oodles of bonus tidbits to keep you interested even on your new game+."
,Recommended,241600,10269000,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Movie,My great-great-great-great-great-great grandson Binding of Isaac Belmont who must fight dracula to save the castle from the evil princess Dr. Beatsy.
,Recommended,241600,879710,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Queef Ledger,"A very fun sidescrolling game that basically combines Castlevania with roguelike elements, where you explore a castle that is randomly genreated each time. On top of that everytime you die, you are given a new set of characters to choose from with unique attributes. You can unlock many different weapons and abilities with the treasure you find, as well as a variety of different classes like a barbarian, mage, ninja, lich and even a dragon. And everytime you beat the game, you can replay it at a higher difficulty with all the loot you unlocked, giving it tons of replay value. If you liked Binding of Issac, you're definitely going to want to play this one."
76561198053311142,Recommended,241600,10404402,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Uncle Stew,"Good fun, lots of humour, and plenty of ways to get murdered."
,Recommended,241600,10404515,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Cresap,"Delicious side-scrolling fun. Fantastic controls, highly addicting and frustrating all in one. Learning curve is pretty low, and it rewards patience and pattern recognition. Pretty easy to pick up and play without spending to much time per play session."
76561198055310167,Recommended,241600,5817141,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,TheHoboJoe,"It's a game where you avenge your father, then your grand father, then your great grand father, then your great great grand father, then your great great great grand father... Long story short, you die a lot, get reborn, die some more. is a fun game"
,Recommended,241600,7342976,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,DarkAnalog,"Fun game.  It's a ""Metroidvania"" type game, with a new hero every time you die.  Upgrades and equipment are persistant, but you hero's class, sex and quirks will be random after each death.  I had fun playing it, and has new game plus modes if you like killing monsters non-stop.  Great game, get it!"
,Recommended,241600,10419534,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,vhansmurfn,i feel i should recommend this game it has a very interesting art style and is very addactive and fun i played it for days straight and it brang to me a feeling similiar to when i played snes and wanted to progress and have fun in my new game thi is a great platformer/indie its the most fun ive had with an indie since terraria or binding of isaac
,Recommended,241600,10420266,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Tatoma,Fresh breath in roguelikes!
76561198051725075,Recommended,241600,10421292,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,New Year New Me,They said dark souls is hard but for me this game is way HARDER ! 9/10
,Recommended,241600,10422771,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Arisaig,"I bought this game because i couldn't stop laughing at the way the knights run. so bold, so graceful, so oafish. XD But seriously, one of the greatest rogue games ive ever played. just run into the castle, kill kill kill, get some gold, and DIE! it's that easy! And act now, we'll throw in a dylexic gay dwarf daughter as your heir! XD"
,Recommended,241600,10422815,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,DaNeenja,"Rogue Legacy is a completely rediculas game from the very start, everytime you die you child goes and takes vengence for your previous death. Each child has its own ""unique personality"" thus meaning the class and characteristics of the children have many different chances. They can range from; being heavy and not taking knockback when you get hit by an enemy to having irritable bowls syndrome. The one thing that adds a lot of difficulty to the game is that when you die all of the gold you don't spend of upgrades and equipment get spent on the re-entry to the castle. The graphics are pixel art doen't seem like it should give too many older computers some issues running (which is good). For the price I paid for it $6 it is definately worth it and you will have your bang for your buck.7/10"
76561198029190809,Recommended,241600,10423085,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Fuocofire,"This game is great.  It gets old after the 4th time you beat it but if you'll see it took me 30 hours to do that.  Worth the full price, which is rare for any game on steam.  This game is made for anyone who likes action based platforming games and reaction based challenges."
,Recommended,241600,1283623,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,George Rohac,A roguelike with RPG elements that was positively addicting and absolutely a joy to play through. Buy it already.
76561198060270003,Recommended,241600,7838298,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,jhennigan94,"Before I get into a few specific points, I'll go ahead and say that I give this title 8 out of 10 stars.Rogue Legacy is a wonderfully original game. Literally every playthrough is different thanks to randomly generated characters and maps. After just a few hours of play I took a mage suffering from ADHD through a castle filled with spikes, a nearsighted barbarian through a knight-infested dungeon, and a paladin stricken with dwarfism through a maze riddled with floating eyeballs. Needless to say, there is no lack of variety in Rogue Legacy.The controls are smooth as a baby's bottom (if that's uncomfortable, let's go with something polished...like a bowling ball, I guess). The game was 110% responsive and is outstandingly fluid.I'm a little on the fence about the difficulty of the game. On one hand, I think Rogue Legacy does a wonderful job of pushing the player with its puzzles and monsters. Every room seems to dare the player to fight. Although sometimes redundant, the enemies are never to be trifled with, offering the player consistent motivation to emerge triumphant.On the other hand, there is the occasional room with a monster 30 levels higher than the player (or some comparably overwhelming challenge), which tends to cut the adventure short. It's not a huge speed bumb, but instadeath can be frustrating regardless of the chosen game, especially if the player has a considerable liking for their character either for personality, ability, or simply appearance.Just because it's so great and I don't want to end on a negative note:The whole ""randomly generated hero and map every time you die"" thing is fantastic! Very original. Very excitingTo summarize, I think Rogue Legacy is all kinds of fun and is a great purchase for anyone no matter what his or her genre preference might be."
,Recommended,241600,7838373,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Senpai Supreme,"As a fan of the Castlevania series, I was drawn to this title early in its development, and it was certainly worth the wait. While frustrating at early stages, it can be incredibly rewarding to get into a stride with a character and rack up enough money to buy several upgrades. But don't grow too attached, because they won't be around for long."
,Recommended,241600,7838642,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,RiFF,I've never had so much fun and laughter while getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked within the first 15 minutes of playing.
76561197965138562,Recommended,241600,203599,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,HazA,wingame
,Recommended,241600,414752,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Tikal,This game will spank you and touch your no-no spot and you'll like it. Seriously. Awesome metroidvania style game.
,Recommended,241600,313794,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Polly,"Exposure to Rogue Legacy may cause dependency, leading to a debilitating condition known as ""Rogueaholism."" Prolonged dependcy on Rogue Legacy may also lead to many hours of fun, and you may find yourself up till the wee-hours of the morning telling yourself, ""alright, just one more run.""  That was my experience, anyway.The keys to Rogue Legacy's enjoyability lie in its incredibly easy to pick up and play nature, snappy controls, and a feedback loop that always makes the player feel like each run, though it may have ended in death, was progress. It's easy to play in short 20-30 minute sessions, or hour long bursts thanks to the game's take on randomized classes and map layouts, but what really feeds the addiction is spending all that gold you just collected on new equipment, stat upgrades, and even more new classes to play as.You're always upgrading or finding new things to play around with, and the various character ""traits"" add a whole new dimension to each new character you play as well as a good bit of humor. Once you've completed the game, a much tougher New Game+ challenge awaits, providing even more opportunities for higher level loot and  to continue raising and maxing your statsAbout the only sticking point I have with the game is that the bosses are very reminiscent of early 1985-86 era NES bosses, in that they'll require a lot of beating your head against a wall, precise classes and loadouts, or luck to defeat. Other than that, Rogue Legacy is definitely a game for anyone in the market for a great 2D platformer with a fantastic gimmick."
76561198040421939,Recommended,241600,4656455,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,03hillj,"Sooo addictive, and damn hard!"
,Recommended,241600,4320568,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,AssEyeDee,Woot.
,Recommended,241600,1245078,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,inneedofnap,"I wish I could buy this for all my friends!  If you felt FTL was just a bit too unforgving, give this a shot."
76561197999003299,Recommended,241600,7364465,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Oberlon,"Rogue Legacy is simulatenously nostalgia for those that remember playing Castlevania and such on SNES, while also bringing in new and fun concepts, such as the weird inhertences of your characters and a tour of the company's previous games that is found in occasional hidden rooms.  I thoroughly enjoyed the hours I spent playing it."
,Recommended,241600,6974843,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,wolf_brother,A-MAZ-ING. Simply incredible. If you love old school or retro gaming you'll love Rogue Legacy.
,Recommended,241600,3258432,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Wicek,"After The Binding of Isaac and Faster Than Light, Rogue Legacy comes fresh as roguelike game. If you are in such games, then buy it!"
,Recommended,241600,3605131,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Dindarato,Build up power over generations. Every time you die a new heir assumes the task of clearing up this castle. And each time this happens it's still incredibly fun. Also all the achievements are 'achievable' unlike many games out there. So much fun.
,Recommended,241600,7783002,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Alenonimo,"Man, this game is hard. You have to grind a lot and they make grinding pretty inconvenient.It's funny though. Watching the genetic defects your characters can have is interesting."
,Recommended,241600,7786557,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Dezzeras,great game
,Recommended,241600,7786771,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jigglenomicon,"This game should be renamed to ""holy bonkers where did my time go ?"" .I loved playing this game, even the fustrating parts and if you only have a passing intrest in rogue-like games i would stil tell you give it a try."
,Recommended,241600,7800621,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,dp,game is siq
,Recommended,241600,7800703,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Justafleshwound,"amazing game! fun, a modern day super ghouls n ghosts"
,Recommended,241600,7801041,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Mongorian,This game is really fun but the second boss is SO hard!!!!!!
,Recommended,241600,7801331,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,CYKA DIMITRI,A great Rogue like game with almost endless replayability.
76561198095815858,Recommended,241600,7801482,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TomahawkMan13,How many generations go by before someone invents guns?
,Recommended,241600,7801533,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,R I E N Z I,"Failing is half the fun of this game, no matter how many times I died I found myself compelled to keep trying.  Everything is out to kill you in the most unfare way possible, but again that is part of the game's charm.  I would recomend playing this with a gamepad though, as the controls for mouse & keyboard are lackluster and only serve to make the game more difficult."
,Recommended,241600,7801892,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,beders,You'll die. A lot. But you'll learn with every death and that is what makes this game worthwhile.
,Recommended,241600,7801928,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ikkioho,"So, you like classic Metroid and Castlevania... Well, this game is definitely for you!Hardcore platformer that does not forgive your mistakes. Prepare, you will often die ... very often!Levels in the game are generated randomly, which gives it replayability.Because after the death of your character you can not play them anymore, but instead you are free to choose one of his heirs (of three) there is a very funny options, for example, your hero will be colorblind (picture in the game will be black and white) or all will be turned upside down, and so on.I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,241600,7802003,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,The Schurkster,It's so good!  I had a lot of fun playing it.
,Recommended,241600,2114902,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,FELIX,"Really good perma-death 2D platforming RPG, you respawn as you Heir when you die with new abilities and traits.Items and skill tree is persistent.Controls are flawless!"
,Recommended,241600,7802839,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,GOODYBOY,"Rogue Legacy is a game that clearly wears its inspiration on its sleeve. It is a rogue-lite action-platformer with a large helping of Castlevania and a light sprinkling of RPG. One would most likely expect this combination of ingredients to produce rather pleasing results--and perhaps it does.Rogue Legacy has a great sense of humor and it uses that to its advantage quite well. The playable characters often have silly traits which (usually) affect the gameplay in interesting ways and the skills, classes, and items unlocked through play add to the experience as well. The game's cartoony, but not over-the-top, art style is also quite wonderful. Nevertheless, most of these positive qualities are superficial compared to some of the meatier components that make up Rogue Legacy.The core gameplay of Rogue Legacy consists of fighting, dying, leveling, and repeating. The platforming and combat mechanics feel fairly polished, though a bit sluggish, and traversing the castle and surrounding areas does not dull too quickly due to the randomization of the screens on each playthrough. Unfortunately, each area contains roughly the same few enemies, albeit tougher and deadlier, which can lead to the gameplay becoming stale rather quickly if you die a lot--and you most likely will.Rogue Legacy is not an easy game, but that is not uncommon for this style of game and should be a welcome addition--only, in this case, it is not. While difficulty in a good game is generally overcome through player growth in skill and understanding, Rogue Legacy's difficulty is more often overcome through time and money. The time is spent killing enemies and gathering money (gold), which you can then spend on skills after you die. This formula would not be so bad were it not for two important details. Firstly, each time you enter the castle, you lose your money from the previous character. So, make sure you spend that money as efficiently as possible after each death. Secondly, with each purchase of a skill--further unlocking previously unseen portions of the skill tree--every skill becomes more expensive. What this means is that if you stray from one specific strategy on your skill tree, it will cost that much more to eventually have a strong enough character to beat the game. This increases the amount of time you will need to spend farming the same areas over and over in hopes of making enough gold in one run to purchase the skills and equipment that will actually make you stronger. It is an incredibly poor design choice and one that only serves to artifically extend the length of the game rather than the enjoyment of the experience.So the question remains, ""Is Rogue Legacy worth playing?""I struggle to recommend Rogue Legacy as I strongly believe the game is, at its core, a highly flawed experience and one would be much better off playing any of the games that inspired this one. I do, however, think the game has a lot of heart and, if you truly have the spare time to throw away, there is definitely some fun to be had in Rogue Legacy. So, I suppose I will leave you with a reluctant ""yes""."
,Recommended,241600,7802844,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Meaningful Hog,"This game scratches several different itches that all add up to an immensely satisfying experience. There's a massive amount of leveling up to do, loads of equipment, and quite a lot of upgrades that all allow for very different styles of play, whether you're the kind who prefers hacking away at everything or utilizing more long-ranged, complicated combat.The actual gameplay controls really well, the platforming feels very snappy and you have a very nice amount of control in-air, and there's really good, punctuated sound cues in place to help you know what's happening even if things get really chaotic. The music is nice, though after playing the game for several hours the lack of variety does start to get slightly boring. The good thing is though that the game allows itself to be played for so long that that's going to happen. Every time you complete the game you're offered a New Game+ option, starting the game over with all your progress, in a new castle with decidedly more difficult enemies. If you find the game to be too easy, just beat it once or twice, and you'll get more than enough challenge."
,Recommended,241600,1162338,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,billie337,This game is extremely unique and challenging.  It's also a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fun!
,Recommended,241600,1017565,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Stockholm: Swagatar,"Rogue Legacy is a game that revels in the fact that it's teeth-grindingly hard. It's a game of build up, of dying and working that little bit further. It's a game of progession; the more you play, the better you get. The better you get, the further you go. It's a true 'bullet hell' sort of game, and it's addictingly awesome. I've adored this game and I can't wait to reach the end, when skill and tireless hours will take me there. And it does take hours. This game cannot be finished in one sitting, unless you believe yourself Asian. I would say that the music is boring, repetitive and a little dampening on a game with some humour rolled into it. Then again, I couldn't stand the Binding of Isaac soundtrack, depressing noise that it was. It's worth the money, but you could probably hold out until a sale. A title to own, that's for sure."
76561197977060919,Recommended,241600,7803700,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Dave! Yognaut,We need more unique games like this.I really like the deficiencies/ personalities of each new generation aspect of this game. Makes things more interesting.Gameplay wise it's a standard side scrolling game where you go into dungeons and kill monsters.
,Recommended,241600,7804128,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,SkyShark,"Easily one of the best Roguelikes I've played since getting a working PC. If you like Metroidvania games, if you like roguelikes but get annoyed at the lack of overall progression, definitely try this out."
,Recommended,241600,7804297,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,b9shark,"It's a combination between roguelike, platformer and bullet hell. The initial learning curve might be a bit too high, but once you pass the point and you learn to not take any damage it becomes a lot of fun to get as much gold as possible. The bosses are all very different and its fun to learn their attack patterns. It is not a true roguelike in the sense that you cannot complete it from level 1, and the perma-death is not the same as in true roguelikes. If you like difficult games, then this is for you. Its very challenging, and the New Game+ is implemented extremely well."
,Recommended,241600,7804672,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Snowblind,Why?
76561198003019082,Recommended,241600,2146858,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Nadsozinc,Good balance of difficulty and fun.
,Recommended,241600,1931249,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Oberon,great game tons of replayability
76561197970819574,Recommended,241600,7774832,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,MacLeod,"Rogue Legacy is a terrific game that you can put 2-3 hours into at a time, or you can have a quick 15-20 minute game in between conference calls.  The controls are tight and there is a ton of material to work through in this rogue-like.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,241600,171947,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,SePPiE,"Awesome game! Smooth controls, funny, difficult but not TOO difficult. And always having the feeling: Just.....one....more.....try."
76561198082932402,Recommended,241600,7775226,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,DarkGrady,a game where you murder everyone in a castle and your main charcter can be disabled and your main characters kids can be disabled and your main characters kids kids can be disabled
,Recommended,241600,10480257,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,NX,Yes this game is fun random stuff happens. i fun game!
,Recommended,241600,10459905,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Bubblius Elle,A good game 11/10
,Recommended,241600,10460188,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,RodroMX,"It's so much fun to play it and extremely addictive! A must for anyone, without a doubt :D"
,Recommended,241600,10460299,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,SiNisTer SanZo,this game is really AWESOME!!! love the game play love the graphic...its super cute...love the music...AWESOME...every gamer should buy this!!
76561198044126666,Recommended,241600,10461369,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Joon iL,For the price I paid it has lasted me for so long! Game play is original & I recommend it to everyone!
,Recommended,241600,10461947,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,downwinds,"Most addictive game I've played in a while, even thoguh I completely suck at it. I've still not managed to beat any bosses, but who knew that the 4th millenium would look just like the Middle Ages?"
76561198087099661,Recommended,241600,10462064,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,DotDot,"It was Long ago, in a land where graphics had a strangle hold on all the gamer populations. The brutal dictations of the superior EhxBohx, and PlaeStashon had all running for the eye popping realism of well depicted gore and electrocutions.Then a Light of simplicity amidst the Chaos!Old style platformers began to rise up from the over priced repeat entertainments of the day. And among them a unique and refreshing take on mideval themed action, and RPG(ish) adventure.Rogue Legacy has aspects of simple Rock and Roll platforming action, with some very unique elements of RPG and dungeon crawling gaming.It has LVLing up, item collection, choices in equipment, skills and spells. PERMA-DEATH          (sort of).which all platformers need to be good and chalenging, Randomly generated maps(with the option of keeping the one for further exploration).The Liniage aspect of the game is also there.I have logged, not a crazy amount of time in this game so far, but am very much liking what time ive spent. good quick sessions. death in no time most runs. It is Chalenging.It is good.gg."
76561198043160144,Recommended,241600,10463550,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Chungus Jones,"Got killed by a painting and a chair, 10/10."
,Recommended,241600,10463618,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,I Maverick III,"Dark Souls meets Megaman. And then kills him. Again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again and again, and again, and again, and again, and then when he finally gets the hang of it he still dies to dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥again, and again, and again, and again. But he just can't get enough. ♥♥♥♥, megaman, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
76561198095246997,Recommended,241600,10464229,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,TripTrop,its like a indie dark souls
,Recommended,241600,10434797,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,:/,"A very unique and hard side-scrolling rouge-like. If you like the genre, you will like this game. 8/10"
,Recommended,241600,10454351,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,an actual sandwich,props all my buddies picking up Rogue Legacy. play it straight through the night !
,Recommended,241600,10467033,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,gohachi,"It's a lot of fun. It is hard, but still fun. In this game, you really need to learn the limitations of your character and be patient as upgrades happen very slowly over many failures. It's a great concept. I highly recomend this game."
,Recommended,241600,10467622,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,kajko,Great game. Really fun to play!
,Recommended,241600,10469582,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,draconous13872,easy addictable with every generation getting stronger or weaker or just crazier. easy to play and understand to a point.  trying to remeber all the traits for one geration to the next is confusing the first few times till you get the hang of it. easlity 7.5 / 10quick tip build HP up first
76561197966961253,Recommended,241600,10469739,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Cruentus Liber,"my favourite rogue-like game because it has progress after every death, very good controls and gameplay and beautful graphics, i love it"
76561198042275996,Recommended,241600,10470098,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Clarence,One of the hardest games I have played in a while but still one of the most fun.  Its full of constant death and raging but loads of fun as well i highly recommend!
76561197993073814,Recommended,241600,10471315,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Tastytoast,"I'm hooked. Really good Megaman/Ghouls and Ghosts style gameplay, but with a gratifying upgrade system that makes every life fresh. Great sense of humor too. ♥♥♥♥ing hard tho lol."
,Not Recommended,241600,10472056,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Where is my potato?,Thıs game ıs stupid dont buy it. there is no point to play this game its just waste of time.
76561198018497444,Recommended,241600,10518286,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Nulled Envoid,"Oh my God this game is hard...in a good way.  After the first decendant (sorry for bad spelling and grammar) you realize...""Okay... well there goes my social life,"" because....it is addicting. It is hard, it is fun, and it is HARD! I said hard twice because one slip up and you could wind up with 90% of your HP gone and have just entered the castle. Don't get me wrong though, after a while you learn the enemies patterns and attacks... Then after you reach another area of the castle...well they change it up on you and you have to memorize a whole new pattern of attacks. The bosses can be difficult (took me 4 hours to get to a point where I could challenge the first one and be confident and I still died 15 times!) After you get good enough to dodge some enemy attacks and projectiles (I still haven't but I suck at Rogue-Likes) you can start clearing entire floors without taking a hit. But, even after that point you'll start seeing enemies that will ultimately murder you because you stuck to one strategy and then moved to another area and didn't adapt. Adaptibility is key by the way!Oh and before I forget almost each decendant has at least 1 trait that changes the way they look, do, or play. It takes a while to get used to it...and also never use vertigo it is terrible...I GIVE THIS GAME 9/10!"
,Recommended,241600,10525477,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fullskel,a generation of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ take on their creator. also greatly laggy for a 2D game..
,Recommended,241600,617035,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,PsyoniX,I like this game a lot because you can make an impact on your progress each time you play.  This is a unique rogue type game and I don't typically like these kinds of games.  I recommend playing this!
,Recommended,241600,10534379,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,A Dog,Good roguelike/metroidvania game.
76561198042343213,Recommended,241600,10535249,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,BrandName,11/10 - Would die again!
76561198118912924,Not Recommended,241600,10536616,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ward,"I stuck with this game thinking it would become more fun when I unlocked more stuff, but it was just a grindfest to be honest. I really loved the premise of the game, but you run through the same levels over and over before getting anywhere. The rooms barely feel randomized in comparison to the rooms in The Binding Of Isaac.Everytime you die you have to run to the right for 20 seconds because you start in the same non-random place outside the castle no matter what. 11 hours in and I was still grinding runs for a measly upgrade to my health or attack power so that I don't die in 2 hits."
76561198055722498,Recommended,241600,10537040,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Fluffy Gray Fox,"A fantasticly fun game that will really make you scream in anger at times. But through it all, it'll slowly teach you how to play and soon you'll get better. Lots of qurky traits that you can get, and lots of fun for a Rogue-Type game. Use a controler if you can! Playing with keyboard is tough and not recommended for unskilled player, unless you want to cry. I had so much fun that even when I died, I looked forward to seeing what offspring would have what traits. This is one to pick up."
76561198137882654,Recommended,241600,10537243,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Elderus,Awesome game! First time rogue-like player here and I'm so glad I picked this game to start on! If your an SNES game fan you'll love this!!
76561198043313956,Recommended,241600,10537947,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Hailll,"badass game,very fun to play"
76561197970541793,Recommended,241600,10542012,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,LoveAlotBear,"Not shabby of a game. A fun platformer than gets a little grindy at the end, just to finish the last boss.It was enjoyable.. not the end all, and not revolutionary, but not bad.They did a good job with the random generator, and the looting makes ya play it for longer than you should.A buy buy at $5. If it goes to $2, then purchase without question."
,Recommended,241600,10542409,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Latencey,Northernlion showed me this game.
76561198063485201,Recommended,241600,10542779,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,hairwaytostevens,"This game is extremely addictive. It takes away from the frustration that can come with playing some other roguelikes, not because it's not challenging in itself, but due to the gradual progression available as you play through the game, allowing you to get better and better. On top of that, it's a fun platformer with interesting randomization in the character you play, so it feels a little bit different pretty much every time you play."
,Recommended,241600,10545809,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Big Large,Love the permadeath with the legacy system.
76561198045647506,Recommended,241600,10396328,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Jard343,"In my opinion one of the best games on steam right now. So fun, very challenging yet rewarding. It feels like dark souls mixed with megaman. Wouldn't recommend playing this game with mouse and keyboard though unless you really hate yourself. Then by all means, please do. But a game pad will make this game so much more enjoyable. Random dungeons are always a plus in videogames. The levelling system is great, and the gameplay is superb. Buy This Game!"
76561198073322191,Recommended,241600,10397495,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Filthy Magic,BEST ROGUE LIKE EVER!
,Recommended,241600,10398023,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Beef Kaker,This game is just.. well.. wondeful. Brilliant system of inheritance. Amazingly fun gameplay. I've played it for longer than a lot of AAA titles and it doesn't feel old yet. Seriously great.
,Recommended,241600,8459859,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,eatfoss,"Great fun - a cross between a platformer, a roguelike and an RPG, with some nice humour too. Good for both a short thrash and a multi-hour gaming sesh. Can be devilishly hard though, like my testicles are right now."
,Recommended,241600,8460057,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,cveebz,So much fun
,Recommended,241600,8460392,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Toadnasty,great!
76561197978491672,Recommended,241600,8374734,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mugenzan,"so many deaths, always with the deaths. but so much fun."
76561197996767757,Recommended,241600,8374888,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Wickerson,"A great little gem that'll keep you up for hours. You'll find yourself saying, ""Just one more try, just one more try.""The game has a great progression system that creates addictive and rewarding gameplay. And, with gamepad support and big picture, it's an awesome title to take turns playing with your friends."
,Recommended,241600,8375302,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gureggu,Game owns.
,Recommended,241600,8379538,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Maple Lafes,One of my favorite games. It is like a comedic version of Castlevania.
,Recommended,241600,8380645,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,robferrari,moo
,Recommended,241600,8380973,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Trik,Way more fun than expected.  Got a lot of hours out of this one.  I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys action adventure now and then.
,Recommended,241600,8381152,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Arctic Black,"Old school 16 bit platforming, mixed with a unique progression system that doesn't betray the Roguelike qualities of the game.  Get ready to sink alot of time into this one."
76561198079454624,Recommended,241600,8381206,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Quinton Starbanger The IV,"At the start you die and upgrade one thing and give (basically) death 10 gold then proced into the castle to avenge you're fathers death. Thjis will start a chain of an adventurerur who makes some gold then dies in the castle and one of 3 heirs are chosen to proceed. they may be bald,color blin,d or have vertigo to the level of the screen is upside down. I have played it for a long time and only just beat the first boss. By the time that happens you're paying death hundreds if you can't afford any upgrades, game is fun,but FTL is better"
,Recommended,241600,8381395,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,hamm101,"Would recommend to people who enjoy dungeon crawlers, but can be very grindy at times."
76561198042859938,Recommended,241600,8557709,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Timmoman,"Damn hard game, but you can play it as gay dwarf"
76561198005687451,Recommended,241600,8557910,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bloodzat,"Really no need to write an indepth review, if you like side scrolls and rogue like type games then this is an absolute must buy. I have not had one friend not like this game yet, and I plan on picking it up for my vita as well when it comes out."
,Recommended,241600,7306605,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,#SaltBae,Lot's o fun. If you enjoy grinding and exploration this is deffinately a game you should play!
,Recommended,241600,8202351,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Madcowe,"This game could cause me to become single, just saying10/10"
76561197993589983,Recommended,241600,8560314,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Madash,i dont usually like platformers but i love this.
76561198023170543,Recommended,241600,8562724,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Lightning1515,Great platforming game! Hope you like dying and repeating dungeon craws cause it happens a lot!
,Recommended,241600,8563473,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,BigFatTon,"This is a super fun game that I got hours and hours of play time out of.  Well worth it, especially if you can find it on sale.  After you beat it one or 2 times it does get a little repetitive, but it will take you a while to beat it the first time and thats really where the fun is."
76561198005657127,Recommended,241600,7794760,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,shoryukenftw,"Great rogue-like game where your deaths actually amount to something in terms of progress.  Not much per death, but after dying 50 times you'll feel stronger for the next 2 minutes before you die again."
76561198010244828,Recommended,241600,7899586,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,divak1219,This is a an amazing game. Evch time you enter that castle an new adventure awaits. You will have classes you love and classes you hate. Each time you start a new character you need to change the equipment you will use to fit that character. Building your castle is one of the most exciting parts of the game.
76561198047407447,Recommended,241600,7899776,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Belisle,"Splendid, the humour is amazing and the gameplay kicks your♥♥♥♥♥ Probably my favourite platformer. Pixels!"
76561198042478835,Recommended,241600,7899900,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,goundy,Die and retry and retry and retry and retry! Death is really fun here!
76561198040829435,Recommended,241600,7901715,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Jayvir,"Although it completely possesses the trait of causing extreme fits of rage, Rogue Legacy is a game that can keep you coming back for more. A platforming rogue-like that spans multiple generations with a penchant for giving you characters with debilitating traits sounds like a nightmare but it often makes the game even more fun to play. Even wondered what a magician with vertigo and Irritable Bowel Syndrome would be like? Or what would that character's offspring be like? Maybe two left hands? Stereo-blindness? Near or Far-sightedness? Well, you don't have to wait much longer if you get this game. Upgrades do carry over to future characters so it does help to encourage you to try playing one of the newer offspring."
76561198049219189,Recommended,241600,7901717,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,GADDAMIT,Awesome game. Would play for hours if I had the time...
,Recommended,241600,7902293,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,linkhatwearer,So much fun. I cant stop playing.
76561198037104758,Recommended,241600,7902461,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Toxic345,Awesome!!
76561198058911966,Recommended,241600,7902947,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,The Lizard King,"SO ADDICTINGI can already tell that this is gonna be my new Binding of Isaac.Super fun, can't recommend enough. Get ready to die a lot."
,Recommended,241600,7903173,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,systemrider,"Rogue Legacy is probably one of the most addicting little games I've played in a very long time.  Like a new age Goul's and Ghost's, Rogue Legacy doesn't fail to deliver a fun, exciting, halarious, and frustratingly challenging roguelike which gives off an old school vibe.  The music and sound effects, plus monsters and bosses all flow very well with the game and my only wish is that it had more monster types. 9/10"
,Recommended,241600,7006033,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,TheOtherClone,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241600,7904394,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Pod Squad,"slay enemies, earn airmiles, use your airmiles to earn free flights"
,Recommended,241600,7904501,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Scarecrow,"If you liked terraria you will probably like this.  It is however very addicting, you've been warned."
,Recommended,241600,418720,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,UllerRM,"2D side-scrolling Metroidvania platformer with great mechanics.  Skill-oriented and extremely hard by design.The core concept of Rogue Legacy is that an entire family of knights attempt to invade a castle and defeat its king.  You will fail -- many times.  When your character dies, you select one of three descendants to play, and your accumulated gold and XP is passed onto them.  Each descendant will have differing genetic traits, which determine their class, appearance, and a variety of flavor traits.  Flavor traits range from the very useful (increased knockback) to the very silly (dyslexia; all menus get scrambled) to the actively detrimental (farsightedness, which makes everything near your character become blurred on-screen.)The game consists of dying over and over again, until you can build up your skill with the controls AND produce an offspring with the right combination of genetic traits and equipment to actually finish the game.  The castle's layout is randomly generated for each offspring, but you have an option to replay the same layout as your ancestor in exchange for receiving less XP/gold on that playthrough.Overall, it's short but a lot of fun."
,Recommended,241600,7879747,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dr. Mankite,My favorite indie game and fast becoming one of my all time favorites
,Recommended,241600,7879770,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,chucklz86,A must have!  It's one of those games that you can't put down.  Challenging ever changing map adds to the dynamic of the game!  Fantastic!
76561197998945617,Recommended,241600,7880957,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,nocn8,This game is great platformer. I've spent hours playing it and don't see an end to the enjoyment.  Its hard and thats good.
76561198049300138,Recommended,241600,5408807,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Shanghai,Castlevania roguelike!
,Recommended,241600,7881650,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,manzabar,This game is absurd and asburdly addictive. Though the controls (when using a keyboard) are very clunky and so a game controller is highly recommended.
,Recommended,241600,7882128,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Rick Conjutivite,"This game is 100% worth its cost. Sure thing, it does get repetitive after 20-30h, but i still come back to it sometimes when i want some ""light fun""."
,Recommended,241600,7884616,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ozamataz Buckshank,"This game is a must-play if you're interested on the roguelike genre or wanna get introduced to it, which i recomend.The Art style is fantastic, using pixel art to make a very nice environment and enemies. The humor in the game is great, and the length is pretty good (my first run was about 17 hours). And the controls are completely spot om, wich makes killing anamies and platforming extremely fun."
,Recommended,241600,7854355,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Uncle Gabby,"Great game, lots of grinding fun."
76561198004915314,Recommended,241600,7854629,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Compute,A truly architypal roguelike platformer of top quality at a low price.
,Recommended,241600,7855555,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,fraust,"This game is so addicting. Everytime I die I say that my next character will be my last for now, but then I play one more. And one more. And one more."
76561198079919297,Recommended,241600,7856310,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Master of Charizards,"ITS AWESOME STOP READING THIS AND GO KILL FAKE PAINTINGS, EYEBALS, FLOATING HEADS THAT ARE ON FIRE, 3 DIFFERENT KINDS OF KNIGHTS EACH WITH THEIR OWN WEAPON MINI-BOSSES. FIND RUNES BLUEPRINTS MONEY AND YES YOU HEARD ME MONEY THAT YOU CAN USE TO MAKE A AWESOME CASTLE. THIS GAME FEATURES 6 BOSSES 2 OF THEM ARE THE SAME PEOPLE BECAUSE MAGIC!??!??!?!?! AND O YEAH USE MAGIC TO DESTROY ENEMIES AND LOOT WHATEVER REMAINS OF THEM. WITH 4 AREAS EACH WITH THEIR OWN ENEMIES. BESIDES THAT I STILL NEED TO TALK ABOUT LOOT  CHESTS STUFF FAIRY CHESTS and other stuff 2 ANYWAYS WHEN YOU DIE YOU CAN CHOOSE 1 OF 3 CHILDREN TO PLAY AS EACH WITH THEIR OWN TRAIT WHICH IS RANDOMLY GENERATED AND YOU CAN EVEN GO INTO A FILE AND MAKE A NAME TO SHOW UP ON SOME CHARACTERS! SO STOP READING THIS AND BUY THIS AWESOME PIECE OF AWESOME AND I FORGOT OTHER STUFF FTW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,241600,7374102,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Lorg,"And indie game whose plot actually adds to the game, who woulda thunk?"
,Recommended,241600,7856633,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sir Brandon,Addicting and fun.
76561198035198113,Recommended,241600,7856759,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Misha,"Rogue Legacy looks like a silly game with all the char traits and gameplay, but the underlying story is very well written and quite serious.  I enjoyed the mix of a good story told with a fun quick pick up game.  Gameplay is very solid and addicting.  Definitely worth picking up."
76561198027581063,Recommended,241600,7856904,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sassafrass,"If you like old school side scroller this is a wicked game. it remineds of old school might and magic on nes, but with a twist. Love it."
,Recommended,241600,7857158,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,joeyS,"Probably one of the funnest games i've played. Love how it's fun, yet still has a challenge to it, but not so challenging that i want to bash my head into a wall! Art style is great, the ideas, everything.  Thank you ""Cellar Door Games!"""
,Recommended,241600,7824387,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Octavius,This game is exceptional. Great platformer!
76561198053060307,Recommended,241600,7857884,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,mxmlucas,<3
76561198018306893,Recommended,241600,7858132,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,RageZero,good game
76561197975904640,Recommended,241600,7858668,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,BlueSolution,Fling money at this game right now
,Recommended,241600,7859042,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Zeta Newtype,"Good game with a great sense of humor, if you die it sets you up for some laughs that's for damn sure! Best if you love old school side scrollers with a new school twist."
76561198039902054,Recommended,241600,7861006,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,phaotom,If u like hard games that have crazy effects and continually change the map then get ready 4 a long a enjoyable destracting adventure
76561198049034700,Recommended,241600,7584942,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Montana Recreations,"I tend to gravitate toward games with complex stories and rich characterization, so I was a little surprised by how taken I was with Rogue Legacy.  RL is all mechanics.  Where a game like Gone Home might strive to hide its ""game-ness"" in order to immerse the player in the narrative, Rogue Legacy revels in what it is.  Everything, from the medieval setting to the monster design to the plot, is carefully calculated to serve the mechanics of the game.  And the mechanics deserve to be the star of the show here.  There is little more satisfying than grinding through a hundred generations of adventurer in order to reach the genetic ideal capable of beating that big ♥♥♥♥in' fire-monster or floating skull.  And rarely has a game's design ever made me THINK about game design in the same way that Rogue Legacy did.  Rogue Legacy is objet d'art, representing only itself, and gleefully celebrating the beauty of a well-built machine."
76561197995046322,Recommended,241600,7862716,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,rob_nancekivell,Addictive and great fun with an atmospheric 8 bit feel. A good buy for anyone who remembers blowing on a mastersystem cartridge to make it work.
76561197993589456,Recommended,241600,7865107,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,IonStormVortex,"It's hard.  It's challenging.  It's frustrating.  And it is ridiculously addictive.  It's a platformer with a twist: hardcore death.  But - you get to come back with a heir, and progressively build up your powers of destrcution over time.  Throw in random dungeons, multiple character classes with tons of upgrades, equipment and runes, and a dry sense of humour and this indie game becomes a colossal time-sink.  Parents: this is a great one to play with your kids; I teamed up with my 7-year old and together we (eventually) triumphed! (Clarification: play is solo not co-op, we took turns).  Nevermind the cheesy graphic - this game is a great throwback to the essential quality of a game: fun."
76561198042347088,Recommended,241600,10740432,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,celltj,Omgz addicting
76561198042448978,Recommended,241600,10740452,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tehlu,Darks Souls aint got nuthin on dis.
76561197993491347,Recommended,241600,10740620,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tarzac,Good game.  Get it while it's on sale.
76561197989833798,Recommended,241600,10741185,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lord Kefik,"I can definently recommend this game. The controls are tight, and while it does get difficult, every death felt like MY fault and not the games. Though cheap deaths still occur, the feeling is immediatly followed by ""Ok... one more legacy."" I always know i can go further, and though ive died countless times, I'm never bored. I need to actually stop myself and take a break. Really fun and addicting and the sprites are nice and the tunes crunchy. Only thing... female mages with beards. Wat. Hell of a game to pick up and play."
76561198103390756,Recommended,241600,10741254,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,xZombie,"Prepare to die. A LOT.It will make Call of Duty kids rage with the amount of deaths but to a normal person, it makes the game an enjoyable experience."
76561198010316042,Recommended,241600,10741349,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Skellie,"Although you can change the keybindings in the options to something more usable, GET A GAMEPAD! You will be much happier with a gamepad on this game.The gameplay is fun, very old-school, and the graphics are great. It's a lot of fun and full of funny text."
76561198063582701,Recommended,241600,10741469,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Liam Nii-san,Would totally reccomend.  Great game.   Much rogue. Very platform.  So amuse.
76561197987913330,Recommended,241600,10741477,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Viley,amazing - all my friends own this - use a controller :)
,Recommended,241600,10741531,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HaarSchneider,This game is basically like crack....
,Recommended,241600,10743084,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Frozenchozen,"It's rather fun, if a bit grindy"
76561198091219696,Recommended,241600,10743331,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gryphon Gallis,"A surprising amount of fun, this dungeon crawler will keep you entertained for hours. However, I warn that it can get EXTREMELY frustrating, so I wouldn't recommend this to those who cannot tolerate repeated failures. But if you're a bit of a masochist and seek a challenge, give this little gem a look."
,Recommended,241600,10743981,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Real Knashville,Like an Indie Castlevania. But infinitely more addicting.
,Recommended,241600,10744557,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,N1ghtshot,worth it. definitely a punishing game but when you get a good run in killing a boss and getting a ton of money it feels good in your pants? anyway a solid game that makes every playthrough (and youll die alot) different in some way so it does not get boring.
76561198077600941,Recommended,241600,10744949,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,GilTucker,"Very fun game, able to spend hours playing it because the world changes each time you die."
,Not Recommended,241600,10754047,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mikolajholowko,"Nice graphics and animations, ancestorry is a cool idea, but the game design is not that enjoyable. Ther's not time to get in to it as the game is not fair challange. It instantly puts you in to difficult rooms for you to die instantly. No fun. Sorry!"
,Recommended,241600,10754522,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Reminiscence,The game where every death Makes u stronger
,Recommended,241600,10755265,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TBooty,"Only played a little bit of it, really easy to jump into, loving the idea behind each character being different. There seems to be a lot of upgrades that you can collect as well.Looking forward to spending a lot of time with the game."
,Not Recommended,241600,10756242,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Chilicide,"Its a bit overrated. When playing the game the fighting is satisfying, but it never feels rewarding. I got it ona sale and still wouldn't. Im not saying the game is bad, it just wasnt very ""fun""."
,Recommended,241600,10757031,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kneppy18,Very addicting... and challenging.
76561198012087467,Recommended,241600,2751579,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Skeeternet,See this♥♥♥♥♥♥right here?Some good♥♥♥♥♥♥Get this♥♥♥♥♥♥or watch the video then get it.Good♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198028588403,Recommended,241600,8390865,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,a.savchovsky,"I've been playing this game excessively since I bought it a few days ago. It's fast-paced, fun, and it doesn't require a lot of time to play. The progress have some slow, but steady feeling about it - your characters get stronger and push further and further but they all fail to go through the whole castle, so you have the urge to improve them even more.10/10"
76561198044018027,Recommended,241600,8391496,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Smiggie Balls,Its a great casual time waster. No need not in get.
76561197974980142,Recommended,241600,8392835,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Xurr,"Very nice game. Old school action platform. Not easy, sometimes frustrating, but very rewarding :)"
,Recommended,241600,8223423,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TheLegitMidgit,"Christ, this game is maddening. Certainly not friendly to new players, but you grow as your castle grows. Rogue Legacy is a game you can boot up and play for a small bit or a while. It is a game that will make you rage quit, but also a highly rewarding game. The roguelike like mechanics of using gold to buy upgrades for future runs is wonderful. The replay value of this game is absolutely insane. It is quirky, fun, fast-paces, and frustrating.I really enjoy this game, also ♥♥♥♥ this game it is so bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ but in the best and most fun way possible. Give Rogue Legacy a try you will probably enjoy it overall, but rage quit more than a couple times."
,Recommended,241600,8394521,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,AzuRe,Hard as hell....but the music as I enter each castle make me forget the pain :D
76561198050928002,Recommended,241600,8394624,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Muzaffer,"You are pretty much certain of dying a ridiculous number of times in this game, which would suggest why you receive an achievement if you die a certain number of times. The game is great to play if you work around the consistent trend in death, thus having to restart again!"
76561198072556188,Recommended,241600,8395214,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,PrimeBrew,So great! Highly recommended.
,Recommended,241600,8396762,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ManAze,Amazing game would recommend to anyone
76561198001177906,Recommended,241600,8397239,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gargos,"The game can be resumed with:""Ok the last game...just one more...another one...ok, the last one... ... """
,Recommended,241600,8398385,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,CountBlacula,Very enjoable and addictive roguelike game. Definitely worth the price.
76561198073322239,Recommended,241600,8400232,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BenStillerFaggot69,"I thought this game was going to be complete garbage, I had debated on buying it several times and always said no cause I personally thought it would be dumb.  But my pal gifted me it for christmas and I decided to play it and was amazed by how fun it was, I would definitely recommend this game and would give it a 10 out of 10, its fun, super addicted, challenging and overall  just great."
76561197998325312,Recommended,241600,8400290,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Amujala,"Nostalgia Done Right - Progressive and FunRogue Legacy has been become my reliable go-to for a quick 20-30 minutes of time slaughter and the best part is my effort accumulates into long term benefits. The more I play, the better the game gets. I really have to commend the developers here for devising a way to take the repetition out of retro-style arcade ""beat em ups"". The random character elements and finality of death keep the game fresh every time I pick it up. Also, I can't even begin to express how enthused I am with the variety of mental and physiological ""abnormalities"" as well as the addition of being GAY! (for whatever purpose that serves).The difficulty curve feels a little steep at first but it quickly becomes explained by the manner in which we purchase upgrades and gear. I found that after about the 1st or 2nd hour the game really finds its pace and becomes much more streamlined so if you just bought it and are frustrated because you're dying ALL THE TIME, to quote a famous saying ""it gets better"".The graphics are fun, the music is good (wait till you start finding jukeboxes) and the mechanics are continually interesting. I highly recommend picking this up if you're interested in a little single player arcade action.I do have a few qualms with the game however; nothing is without its flaws, right? Namely, I am curious who decided it would be a good idea to lock certain control buttons. When i play games a la keyboard, i use WASD (for obvious reasons) and I assign my action buttons to the lovely arrow keys located closest to the edge of my keyboard and perfectly arranged for such tasks. So, you can imagine my dismay when I had to assign my attack and magic commands to "","" and ""."" ... As well, if mega man has taught us anything it's that a ""double-tap to dash"" function should mandatory. This having been said, these concerns are easily recitified by adding a controller to your gaming hardware.Lastly I want to DEEPLY THANK THE CREATORS for making sweet games for mac. Thank you. Just, Thanks."
76561198036244605,Recommended,241600,8402298,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,thaillmatic,This game is great!
76561198007845934,Recommended,241600,8404219,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,RolandD,good hard fun (punctuate accordingly)
76561198020285143,Recommended,241600,8361186,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,stinner2000,"I played this game for FIVE. STRAIGHT. HOURS.  That's my review. Just...trust me on this. Buy it and play it, but be ready to be addicted."
76561198030533544,Recommended,241600,8361264,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Fireballof3,"This game steals your life.  Then your decendant's life.  Then the next one.  And the one after that.A cute take on games like Castlevania Symphony of the Night, your characters grow over time, death after death.A lot of fun, but a real sleep stealer as you think ""just one more try...."""
,Recommended,241600,8361520,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,EVA016,"Definately worth picking up if you're a fan of the rouge type genre. Though it may start a little slow due to continious death the game soon becomes highly addictive, sapping away the hours you should be spending with family around the festive season. Recommended!"
76561198012908868,Recommended,241600,8363305,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ox,"awsome time waster, love it"
76561198006601740,Recommended,241600,2382812,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,RisingBlaze,"This game. It's rage inducing, it's time consuming, but most of all, it's fun and it's addicting. Ok maybe not quite time consuming, it mostly depends on how long you stay alive, which can range from seconds to hours. You play a knight, the decendant of a long line of knights, all pursuing great riches deep in the bowels of the castle. Each time your character is killed, you are brought to a screen showing your family tree, all of the predecessors that you chose will be shown, along with their name and title, to a rather comedic effect. You have 3 choices with each generation, and each person in that generation is somewhat unique, in the sense that characters in the game can have some form of mental or physical disorder; i.e. characters can have Irritable Bowel Syndrome, which results in them periodically farting.. So as you can imagine, most of the ailments have a comedic effect, while others are seriously helpful.The game is hilariously fun, and with each death it drives you on to reach further and further. The castles are randomly generated, (though an upgrade can be used to ""lock"" a certain generation of castle down for one turn so you can re-explore), and within each run-through you will be able to find gold, runes, armour and journals, the former (gold runes and armour) providing you with upgrades and bonuses, the latter providing some background, and a story of sorts.Recommended pickup, it's bloody good fun, and a great pass time, who can say no to chicken legs dropping from broken chandeliers?"
76561198006834590,Recommended,241600,8366697,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SoylentBlue,Way too much fun.
76561198126040836,Recommended,241600,10182725,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,TheTotalPatriot,"After clocking close to 48 hours, I feel that a review is warranted. Rogue Legacy is by far one of the most enjoyable games I've played in years; If you can get over the first hour or so. During that time the mechanics can be quite unforgiving and your lack of equipment and upgrades. Coupled with increasingly difficult rooms after the first few and it is easy to get frustrated.If you can press on though, a wealth of adventure and content await. Once some of the enemy's attack and movement patterns are learned progression comes quickly. I found my runs increasing in time from a couple of minutes to ten, to over half an hour.Combine that with an interesting character customization system and some good old fashioned looting and you have a great game.Be warned though, the music will get annoying after about twenty hours."
,Recommended,241600,5176103,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Madara Uchiha,This game is literally grinding against♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241600,10511596,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Braains,I have this game for a long time now and I came back and play it again from the scratch and it never gets old.Reminds me so much of Castlevania SOTN in high res and very good music.It has some RPG elements to it as far as choosing what to upgrade first and weapons and skills to equip.I highly recommend this if you haven't gotten it yet.http://youtu.be/hTiaMz1g2LI
,Recommended,241600,10516232,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Mr Poot,One of the funnest games I've ever played to consume time. Hours will pass by playing this game
76561198042922839,Recommended,241600,10517063,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Cagin,totally worth your money
,Recommended,241600,10546686,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Niddhogg,"This game is absolutely fantastic.  Incredibly responsive controls, even with a keyboard, excellent art style and fun combat, this game is a ton of fun.  I will say it's pretty tough, but if you give it a chance, even a mediocre gamer like me can beat the game.  I'd definitely recommend this game to others."
76561198040395984,Recommended,241600,10547764,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ejgrgunner,There's is something sublimely rewarding about the slow steady progress of the lineage system in this game.
76561198068923683,Recommended,241600,10548041,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,FloppyFunch,"Very great game always fun to play, and always different!!!"
,Recommended,241600,10548211,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dragons™,The graphics put Battlefield 4 to shame
,Recommended,241600,10548582,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,imh,"Jesus christ, I sunk 20 hours into this game? A fun, challenging ADDICTIVE game."
76561198077582336,Recommended,241600,10548736,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Scoobert Doobert,This game is worth the buy. It is a fun game in which you explore a castle left over by your ancestors. If you are a gamer who loves to explore a castle why'll killing monsters then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,241600,10549585,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ManOfPapeЯ,"One of the best, if not THE BEST, platform-RPG.You get 3 files. You can try out different strategies every life. You get endless hours of fun. It takes practice. So if you've seen people play this game before and get 1000+ gold every life, you're not going to do that your first life. My first life I got 80 gold, and couldn't do much. At first, I had no idea what the whole objective was. I originally thought you just went into a castle and fought monsters. But then I found out different, don't really want to spoil it. But yeah :DAll in all. One of the greatest games I've ever played.9.5/10P.S. It's hard to beat the game for the first time :P"
76561198046696361,Recommended,241600,10549733,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,arbiterdewey,"Hard as hell, but totally worth your time. The game is often unfair, overwhelming, and seriously requires skill.I stopped after New Game+6 (35+hours) after completely upgrading my manor and purchasing every piece of armor and rune. The remix bosses were totally doable (albeit extremely difficult) and the Traitor class was fun to play as (the result of their defeat).If you are a fan of old-school 2D Metroidvania and Rogue-likes, this IS your game. The procedurally generated castle and the character quirks are just a bonus.HIGHLY recommended."
,Recommended,241600,10552994,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,rafaelagp,Pros- Very fun- Platformer- Full controller supportCons- Lacks Steam Cloud for saved games
,Recommended,241600,10481290,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,SquatCobbler81,"The rpg elements, humor, rock-solid gameplay, addictive leveling, and random dungeons all mix to make this a game worth playing."
,Recommended,241600,10481578,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Bol du Sacs,"This game is excellent. The difficulty is spot on, the boss battles are entertaining, the humor is great and there are hours of gameplay. The artwork is very detailed and the music is very fitting. The only downside to this game is the price; I think 14,99€ is stretching it - even a slight price drop would be nice. I reckon a price of 10€ - 12€ at most, would be more adequate.10/10 great fun, many late hours spent"
,Recommended,241600,10481976,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Bearded Dude,"Very nice Game. Easy to learn, but hard to master. :)"
,Recommended,241600,10485283,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,RootBeer,"at first i didn't think i'd like this game. I thought it was going to be some indie half♥♥♥♥♥game that didn't have much content in the end. It turns out however this game is better and more addictive than most AAA games and until you get to newgame+ is probably as addictive as ""Heroes of Might and Magic 3: complete"" and that's saying something big.it was hard at first, and but once you realize you should be buying those upgrades and your 100% expected to die until you get those upgrades it suddenly you find yourself wanting ot play more and you then want to mix and match different things and see how far you can take it.If you like Realm of the Mad God or Dark Souls, don't hesitate to get this game."
76561198059409763,Recommended,241600,10485722,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Evil Watermelon,"A game in which you play as a knight and then is son/daughter and then that person""s and so on. It's a rogue game so you lose all the gold yu've aquiered each time you die but you'll always go back for more. 7/10"
,Recommended,241600,6479728,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Matryoshka,"Mindless grinding, rage inducing, time consuming."
,Recommended,241600,7936507,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Raw,"A fantastic game. Good depth, good systems, challenging, charming. If you would like to play a procedural generated Metroidvania, here's one of the best."
,Recommended,241600,7937926,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Strife,"I looked at the trailer for this game repeatedly over gaming news sites and finally on steam here and didnt think too much of it... but recently it was on sale so being that it had vague metaroidvania elements i thought id grab it.... Yeah... I then played this and only this for days on end i havent been this addicted to a game in years.The ""roguelike"" elements mixed with small increments of RPG progression mix perfectly to make you very slowly become stronger as your skills also develop to make you slowly inch towards the end of the game... this is when the game turned into crack for me and whenever i died i was jonesing for another fix; never known a game to be so moreish.I'd say if you have any enjoyment in RPG progression, enjoy punishing and rewarding games such as demon souls or any fond memories of games like old castlevania or metroid; Then you will be very addicted to this game."
,Recommended,241600,7939290,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,DarkRider,I Really love this game its something amazing that has happened to me  let me give you a example of the gameplay your son that is gay and a dwarf dies in the dungeon and then you get to choose 1 out of 3 heir that has random traits and class and gender (one might be gay) you can get gold from the dungeon and buy upgrades or armor with that gold and you just keep going into the dungeon and dying untill you beat it i give this game a 10/10 and replay value amazing.
,Recommended,241600,1807538,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Gorbash,"Brilliantly takes the addictive fun of platforming rogue-likes with metroidvania combat and mixes in a ton of different classes, randomized traits, spells, and a randomized dungeon with four distncint zones of gradually increasing difficulty. The ability to purchase upgrades and equipment for future generations makes this the most inviting permadeath game I've ever played. If you've ever enjoyed playing 2D Action-platformers and randomized rogue-likes you have to play Rogue Legacy."
76561198069047735,Recommended,241600,7943715,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Karl XII,Amazing indie game
76561198024290638,Recommended,241600,7920386,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Klayr_Pie,"Definitely addicted to this game. It's basically Castlevania crossed with a rogue-like. It's a bit on the difficult side, but avoids feeling completely unfair by allowing you to continue on with you heir having money to buy stat increases and better gear."
76561197970663377,Recommended,241600,7921496,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Black_Sabbath'74,"Being old enough to remember the original Rogue I am surprised at all the ""children"" it has spawned.  This game is surprisingly fun.  It starts off really hard but then you get addicted to it, trying to unlock further upgrades and lasting that much longer each generation.  I bought mine for $5 and it was money well spent."
,Recommended,241600,7925596,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,KommanderKmorx,Eines der besten Spiele der letzten Jahre. Für alle Fans von SNES Games wie Castlevania etc ein absolutes MUSS
76561198063516438,Recommended,241600,7925633,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Suddenly Dolphins,love it. You Should Probably Use A Controller For This Though.
76561198064028011,Recommended,241600,7927487,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,ToucanPoetrySlam,"Rogue Legacy is a great time in either marathon sessions or short bursts. The combat is a ton of fun, and the sense of gradual development of skills over time is echoed perfectly by the generations of intrepid explorers that you control trying (and mostly failing) to conquer the randomly-generated castle. It's a hard game to finish (I still haven't), but it's a good time, and definitely worth the price of entry."
,Recommended,241600,10190334,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Ekov THIS ME,"This game made me ejaculate so violently and explosively that I blacked out, waking up two weeks later with my house being robbed and my body being stripped down completely bare. The only thing the robbers didn't take was my computer, so I dragged my crusty, naked body over to my desk and started playing Rogue Legacy again."
,Recommended,241600,10194021,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,syrito,fun
76561198016687725,Recommended,241600,10293632,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,TheSchaeff,i too am a rogue *tip fedora gentalmenly*
76561198031181174,Recommended,241600,10294970,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,tbombrocks,"So difficult, and yet so rewarding."
,Recommended,241600,10254426,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Phantaz,A love letter to video game eras gone by. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,241600,10255012,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,std::Maokei <順守>,"This game is allot of fun really addictive gameplay, some times a bit punishing but not a really unfair way you are supposed to die! And the game will do its best to kill you! Gameplay feels polished and responsive.I played though the game on Linux with a xbox360 gamepad no issues at all."
,Recommended,241600,10259432,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,tehmeangene,"Great game with a lot of interesting strategy and lots, and lots and lots and lots of grinding. If you're into the so called ""Metroidvania"" style games, this is easily one of the better ones.Though the game has a learning curve that insures you will die in the early runs, but since dying is part of the mechanic you'll at least get stronger as you get through. Also the replayability is a little thin despite the New Game +, the devs added some boss challenges into the game in order to enhance replayability but by the time someone gets through the game, they'll probably not be down for that."
,Recommended,241600,10260183,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,piano lessons can be murder,"Projectile Dodge SimulatorI can't quit this game. Perfect blend of challenge, controller breaking difficulty, rage, satisfaction, addictiveness, satisfaction, replayability. One for those who grew up honing their platforming skills."
,Recommended,241600,10280873,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Menjinski,Hard as heck at first but it gets easier. Pretty neat.
,Recommended,241600,10700149,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Razhe,"This game is very addicting, with a good reward system and high level of difficulty, its easy to reccomend this to anyone who likes a good challenge in their life"
,Recommended,241600,10700459,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Path of Leo,This is still one of my favorite games and find myself going back to it often.  It has so much replayability.  I would suggest using a gamepad if you have one.
76561198045836752,Recommended,241600,10701721,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,acland27,This game is my faviroute by far just ideal the challenge is there and is so worth getting
76561198067082013,Recommended,241600,8187733,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,/no/beats/,"Horribly addictive.  A unique take on the Castlenvania genre.  You select a randomly generated character build at the beginning of each game.  From there, you equip you character with earned weapons and armor.  Finally, you enter the randomly generated castle.  Once you die in the castle, that's it, do it all over again.  You slowly build a castle of your own, allowing you to unlock new character builds, stat bonus', and special skills.  There is an end game, to completely beat the four bosses in the randomly generated castle, but you have to do it with a single life.  Early castle runs can be quick, about 5-10 minutes.  As you get use to the gameplay and have leveled up your castle, you'll find each characters life lasting around 10-20 minutes."
,Recommended,241600,10712592,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MissMoppy,Simple but fun. Easy to lose track of time while you're playing.
76561197991202549,Recommended,241600,10712615,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Runningxbackward,"Think Rogue-Like Castlevania with an Evo Twist. You start the game by selecting a character with a couple random traits. (Including being tall or short or fat, or being gay, or being afraid of chickens, or being near sighted, or not being able to see in 3D, just to name a few). Then you get an option to level up your base stats and abilities before entering the randomly generated castle. Before entering you must sacrifice a high percentage of your gold, so this is why you need to spend wisely before entering. The castles layout is similar to a Castlevainia layout. Loaded with rooms, traps, enemies, bosses, loot. The catch here is that you are going to die....alot, and when you die you get a choice between three new Characters randomly generated based off your last choice in traits. Then after spending your gold you are off to the castle again, but it is reset. (Ex bosses after completing). I would suggest picking this up if you are a Castlvainia fan."
76561198030479826,Recommended,241600,10713359,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kaliece0603,Excellent Game!  I like the procedurally generated levels as well as the semi-rpg mechanics that make each trip through this rogue-like game feel like an accomplishment.
,Recommended,241600,7420145,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Dragonkiller48,Tons of fun.
,Recommended,241600,10715377,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Darren,Good Game.I'm relying on my descendent's to improve on this review.
76561198091994209,Recommended,241600,10715398,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tundra,"Very interesting concept. A little difficult at first, but it is fun."
,Recommended,241600,10715747,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HappyStar,"Great game! A little frustrating sometimes, but so fun that I don't want to stop. It's hard to step away from the computer and say that it's enough. All the different characters that you can have are so unique too!"
76561198045102684,Recommended,241600,10717805,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sp4rks[CZE],The crazier the better :D Repetetive but it seams that it's the beauty it.
76561198066677985,Recommended,241600,10717833,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PrincesSnake,"Look at this game, you see this game? This game is going to be the only game I replay over and over and over and over again."
,Recommended,241600,10718019,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Fandrell710,"Really ♥♥♥♥ing sweet gaming, but make sure you're well upgraded before you hit ng+3."
,Recommended,241600,10718251,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Penshar,"This game is definately worth it. I've logged 16 hours already in the past two weeks.  Grab it while its on sale, the price is a steal."
76561198129380499,Recommended,241600,10705513,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,eggbabysupremacy,"This game is a classic a 'one-more-goer', as my old nan used to say. It deals with the concepts of reincarnation, familial pride and vengeance, as well as being a whole load of frustrating fun. Not for the faint of heart or short of paitence."
76561198064434529,Recommended,241600,10707339,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sticky Mung,This game gave me dyslexia.
,Recommended,241600,10707655,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DrDreyer,A great little fast game. You'll could end up spending hours replaying it.
76561198130143917,Recommended,241600,10708706,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Boddika,Keeps you coming back for more
,Recommended,241600,10711050,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zeus,10/10 would buy again
76561197971107873,Recommended,241600,8516199,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Cnsltyrdr,"Rogue Legacy takes a new approach to rogue likes. Sure you still die and you have to start a new character, but the next character that you create builds off of what the last one did. There are lots of upgrades to your castle that help your characters through the castle. There are also lots of runes and equipment that you can find within the castle that will help you. One thing I really like is the random traits that each new character gets as it makes the game more interesting and in some cases even helps you. I highly recommend this game if you are into rogue likes."
,Recommended,241600,444734,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,mglukhovsky,The perfect way to blow off some steam.
76561197997936213,Recommended,241600,8517101,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[EPIC] Tower Seeker,"I found this game fun and charming.  The gameplay is simple and enjoyable as the genetic progression is an interesting way to sepaparate character growth from the castle exploration.  I feel that the graphics and sounds are very enjoyable and the different character traits are both humorous and balancing.  I am usually turned off by rougelike games, but this one lessens the sting of failure by letting your next character stand on the shoulders of their ancestors.I'd definitely give it a try!"
,Recommended,241600,8517557,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Brainheal,A fun side scroller with massive replay value. I love that its super easy to just drop in for a life or two which doesn't take more than 15 minutes and then be done again.
76561198036099536,Recommended,241600,4370164,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,SilentFate,"Fantastic RPG, great replayability, fun the whole way through!"
,Recommended,241600,8519012,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Same Bear ʕ •ᴥ•ʔ,It feels light and plays great. Death does not have that much of an impact as in other roguelikes and there's stuff you can upgrade which is a hookup.
,Recommended,241600,8519090,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,WHTelephant,Hilarious!
76561198057820670,Recommended,241600,8486233,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Shun,tutti frutti
76561198027105793,Recommended,241600,8616662,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Neart,"This platform game stes a new standard. It takes the endless lives system from dark souls and other games of the like and places small twists on them. Each hero has traits, some good, some bad, some humerous which add to the overall game play. I enjoy the difficulty behind the game, and the sometimes impossible obsticles that your hero faces."
,Recommended,241600,8609558,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,B Nice,"This is a well crafted 2D action game that is simple yet demanding and hard to put down. The static progression system and the randomized world/hero combine to make an addictive and fun gameplay loop. And with each run being unique, you will find yourself immediately trying again upon failure. The clown is a jerk though."
,Recommended,241600,8621333,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,arsenic,And you thought Super Meat Boy was hard....
,Recommended,241600,8622775,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Zarno,"I can't recommend this one enough. If you owned a NES or just appreciate older games, you need to pick this up in the next Steam sale. It really reminds me of playing Mega Man, trying to dodge enemies while jumping from platform to platform. Hell, I'd pay the sale price just for the soundtrack, which sounds like it was pulled straight from a collection of NES games.Even if you didn't ever play NES but thought this game might be interesting, buy it. I wasn't even sure if I'd like it, and I've played it through 4 times by now.It's worth noting that I have absolutely no prior experience with roguelikes. Rogue Legacy is hard but ultimately pretty forgiving, and it gets much easier with time. You'll start picking up on the nuances of dealing with multiple enemies, knowing when to run, etc. You probably won't end up smashing anything as long as you don't spend spend too much time on the remixed bosses."
,Recommended,241600,8605025,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,[EF] McAdder,"Ecellent little chunkette of a game.This title excells in showing that perhaps our own innate weaknesses can be considered strengths and, also that perhaps our strengths and confidence can sometimes be a great burdon. Also: you get to hit stuff with a sword and little numbers pop up.Well crafted, but perhaps a little self indulgent with the developers leaving little easter eggs demonstrating their rise to success.Fully reccomend but best played with a control pad, also play in small chunks, death is exceedingly common in this game... unless I'm just really bad at it."
,Recommended,241600,8605201,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Espancador de Gente Chata,"I reccomend it as a student of game design.I'll just speak of the many points that really got me hooked on the game's unique and fun style:Point 1 - Artistic styleYeah, altough simple and really common for today's standarts, this game's artistic style has a lot of funny looking characters, alongside with some scenarios that really pass the idea of what they really are. Forests, Dungeons, Towers... All blend well, and the monsters' looks in the game are superb either. Even though some of them are re-colored sprites, all the monsters in the game offer their own challenges for you to beat.Point 2 - The random stuff in generalHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥! There's so many random stuff everywhere in the game!! The castle changes, giving the game a brand new  Metroid/Castlevania SotN feeling every time you pick the controller to play. New enemy layouts, some awesome challenges for specific fairy chests, everything gets new every time you play, and this keeps the game fresh. Also randomizing your character for a new one. There are traits in your character which are all random too, some of them are for funny jokes, others interact with your character, some make you not see how much life you got, some make you heavier, the list goes on with the random stuff in this game.Point 3 - The RPG elementsNot really an RPG where you'll level up your guy to the end of the game, but the idea of buying armor, runes to make your armor better and give you some slick abilities, makes the game simply hard as hell. Yeah, this game is hard! You have to keep making a grind, taking money and buying stuff that would make you have more life, more weight capacity, and making your hero stronger and stronger. Making you powerful enough to face the bosses and new enemies that would come to fight you.Yes, the idea of leveling up is simple when using money to level up, but this never makes the game easier for you, as every new run, you lose all of your money. (CURSE YOU DEMON'S SOULS!!! )Point 4 - Sound DesignFunny and looking really nice in soundtracks, 8-bit 16-bit mixes that somehow, make the music look really unique and awesome for me. I dunno how much of a game's music should look to specific reviewers, but this simplistic style is amazing and gets the action pumped and really going on. c:OVERALL SCORE:90 / 100"
,Recommended,241600,8605818,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,MelonGun,A game in which entire generations of one unlucky family will slip and get impaled by spikes.
,Recommended,241600,8605871,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,iix_greyfox_xii,"freakin' hard, freakin' fun!"
,Recommended,241600,8606711,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Hash,"Rogue Legacy is a fantastic game. It is a great game to introduce yourself to the Roguelike/Roguelite (I prefer calling it the ""Torture"" genre). This game implements RP and character progress in a fun and imaginative way. I really do love this game.Pros:- Variety of classes feel unique- Variety of enemies- Boss fights are fantastic- Bonus abilities for your character are fun and it's interesting to try different combinations to fit your play style- High replay valueCons:- Skills become insanely pricey- Levels aren't entirely randomly generated- Combat is FUN but can be repetitive- I wouldn't bother playing without a controllerThis game is fantastic and is totally worth the price. I hope there is a sequel some day maybe with multiplayer co-op."
76561197996847015,Recommended,241600,8606973,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Magician,A surprisingly addictive time waster.
76561198024880750,Recommended,241600,8608200,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Zephyrus,Absolutely a game worth playing and purchasing. Combines the customization aspect of what you expect in a typical mmo but allows for easy pick up and go play with the death mechanic in place. One of the best 2-D platformers i have aplayed to date and will certainly continue to entertain me for quite some time.
,Recommended,241600,8594868,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,RedJay326,HELLO I AM JAY THESE ARE MY THOUGTHS ON THIS GAME ITS GREAT ITS FUN A MUST HAVE IN A RETRO GAMERS PC LIBRARY THE MAJESTY AND EMERSION THIS GAME BRINGS YOU IS IMPRESIVE FOR THE PRICE YOU PAID THIS GAME MIXES MARIO ZELDA AND MEGAMAN TOGETHER I PERSONALLY HAVE NO NEGATIVE THINGS TO SAY ABOUT THIS GAME MAYBE THAT ITS TOO DIFFICULT OR THE LEVEL GRINDING BUT THESE ARE JUST MINOR NITPICKS SORRY IF I MISSPLED SOMETHING OR THAT THEY ARE ALL CAPPITAL LETTERS I GIVE THIS GAME A 9.5 OUT OF 10
76561198093447610,Recommended,241600,10588753,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,cool cat,My first character wouldn't stop farting.8/8 M8
,Recommended,241600,10570421,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Jinxplay,"Metroidvania rogue-like with persistence game that is simply fun, challenging, and progressively interesting.It's a rogue-like in a way that when you die, you start from square one again.It is also not, as you pass on your permanent upgrade to your next character (your children) when you die.The fun comes in when you choose your randomized children to charge into a randomized castle. Some are good at fighting. Some are good at looting. You only know what kind of castle when you step in, and that's when you improvise and make use of your child as much as possible.Recommended for anyone who enjoy platformer and/or rogue-like.Those who dislike numbers and grindy elements, beware. (eg. sword B flat out does more damage than sword A)"
,Recommended,241600,10611214,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ruined,"A lot better than I anticipated. I was thinking the brutal nature of starting over when you die would be bad, but using that as your upgrade route works well."
76561198079432370,Recommended,241600,10613476,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,|cholo|,"This game is a breath of fresh air and is so much fun to play. It follows most standard rogue-lite ""rules"", such as randomly generated dungeons, monsters, etc. The game's twist is that every character you play as is a child of the previous character, each with traits that make them unique, whether they're colorblind, prone to vomiting, or just freakin' huge, they all have their advantages and disadvantages. I highly recommend you buy this game, whether it's $2 or $10, because it's such a good game, and will constantly be having you come back to take another shot at killing those goddamned bosses."
,Recommended,241600,10013042,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Cope,Will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off till the end of time. Overall a great game tho. But it gets frustrating if you get stuck with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Genes. 8/10
76561198009548043,Recommended,241600,10056852,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,RuggishBone,"Couldn't get into it at first, but after giving it a couple shots and unlocking a few things and seeing how deep the game was, I got hooked.  Tons of action and challenge."
,Recommended,241600,10058903,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Ixelan,"This game is one of the most fun platformers that I have ever had the pleasure of playing.  The mechanics feel very well balanced. The generation methods mean every run through the castle feels different. Characters are well designed, balanced, and humorous.  When I first found this game, I played it for a few weeks straight until I beat it, which is pretty rare for me.Now, a few months later, I've come back to Rogue Legacy for more fun.  It's like a whole new game (and I am playing it as one).  I may not be the best at platformers, but I really enjoy them, and this one keeps me from feeling frustrated, even when I'm not doing well.The game is so much fun, I decided it had to be the first game I started Let's Playing.  If you're like me, and not very good at platformers, come see how much fun I am having, then come right back and get the game, because it's worth it.TheIxelan Plays Rogue Legacy"
,Recommended,241600,10100546,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Kwaney,Pretty good roguelike game
,Recommended,241600,10089442,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Fakkeltog,Imagine if Dark Souls were 2D and felt more rewarding. I can't fault this game and I don't even care that I've wasted 27 hours on it.
,Recommended,241600,10091135,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Dead Baby Jokes,"This game has that classic 16bit feel. Unlike most Roguelike games, you get to level up your stats with more gameplay. This gives the game a lot more replay value. At first you will die constantly with little advancement, but as you dump money into your stats you will be able to explore more of the map. Once you manage to beat all the bosses you get newgame+.If you are into Metroidvania types of games, this should be a good fit for you."
76561198001028810,Recommended,241600,10094850,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,darmstr745,Loving this game
76561198007858484,Recommended,241600,9139606,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,toolguy1420,Classic sidescroller with a very interesting concept. Lots of upgrades to be had and is very good fun if you like the classic sidescroller action rpg type play.
76561198073688128,Recommended,241600,9146266,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,maxium089,"Very fun, very challenging a must have if you like 16-bit graphics!For those who don't know this is a rogue-like, which means the game changes every time you die, and I died 237 times!"
76561198014075439,Recommended,241600,8990916,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,CapnPitt,"Shockingly addictive.  Every time I go to quit, I get some new skill or equipment.  The character traits are hilarious."
76561198042353431,Recommended,241600,8992030,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Mars,"Extremely hard at first but with enough grinding it gets tolerably difficult.Fun, great music, nostalgic.I can see where they cut corners in the design though.9/10"
76561198067526991,Recommended,241600,8992713,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,lilfurrybuddha,"In my opinion this is the best and by far the most replayable game in the vein of Symphony of the Night. The game mechanics are so unbelievably tight and rewarding. The game is all about the grind so be warned if you watch a quick look and dont find intrest in the grind YOU WILL NOT ENJOY THIS GAME. As for me, This game is Heroin, pure, unfiltered Heroin."
76561198095488464,Recommended,241600,8992986,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Robodude,"A very nice game indeed, the gameplay is addicting and the music is great. Your goal is to clear a dungeon by defeating 5 bosses in an randomized dungeon, pretty simple right? The bosses will however overpower you unless you have a lot of gear and uppgrades or if you are a pro of course. Since an more recent uppdate there are 5 improved and extra hard bosses that most likly will crush you at your fist attempt. There are 10 playable classes all with their own niche and you have to play them drifferent to be able to make your way through the dungeon. How many deaths will it take before you are able to best the dungeon?"
76561198037855838,Recommended,241600,8997976,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Glas,"When push comes to shove and you want a game that can be played simply to destress or to try to win this game is just an excellent choice because of the well defined dificulty curve you can pick it up for ten minutes to relax and still progress slightly or pick it up for hours and make some excellent progress without the threat of completion and having to move on.I don't like change but I don't like to be bored, this pleases me.You've got to love a roguelike."
76561198067731111,Recommended,241600,8937617,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Kraleck,"A Legacy that won't soon be forgotten, Rogue Legacy pushes your platforming to its limits, your skills to your wits' end, and your game time into the hours. Hard to get past something so unforgiving, yet so satisfying. Just beware of eating before playing a character with Vertigo..."
76561198049161447,Recommended,241600,5400611,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Star Slayer,"This game is quick, fun and simply addictive. After each run, I think: ""Ok, just one more run."" Then I do it again and again and have suddenly played three hours in a row."
,Recommended,241600,9147776,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Jamesyfox,"Saw this game being played online. Was good enough to get a steam account just to buy it. Definitely worth the time. If you like a grind game that never seems to get tiring, I strongly recommend this."
76561198030321836,Recommended,241600,9147875,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,PhantomPhan101,"I usually like games with more of a story than this, but this game has kept me playing for hours. Incredibly addicting and fun. It is very rewarding to see yourself get better at the game. Challenging but worth it."
,Recommended,241600,9148871,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Pigeon Man,Dying yo
,Recommended,241600,9148977,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,CriticalComposer,"A fantastic 2D sidescroller roguelike that leans a little to the less ""hardcore"". Allowing the player to buy permanent upgrades makes each attempt to beat the game feel rewarding. You may have failed at killing the final boss(or even the first one) but you found enough gold to buy a new sword or upgrade some stats for your next attempt. I fully recommend to anyone who enjoys old school Metroidvania style games or roguelikes in general."
,Recommended,241600,9149905,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Twilightkite,"I actually loved this game a lot. The game is built in such a way that even when you're messing up and losing repeatedly, there's still a small sense of progression through having to spend all your money constantly. Classes are entertaining, combat and demanding but not unfair. Best of all, every time you beat the game the castle gets even crazier.Highly recommended, however, you I strongly advise you get a 360 controller for Windows orr download it on a console. You will be frustrated to hell playing it on a keyboard."
76561198096808828,Recommended,241600,9154907,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,cactusparty,one of the best games i've played i love 5/5
76561198065804288,Recommended,241600,9097218,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Schniederman,Great game.  Can easily play for 10 minutes or 10 hours and not get bored.
,Recommended,241600,9097363,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Bioridly,90/100    Fun and interesting game that I find myself comming back to time and time again.
,Recommended,241600,9097632,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,NanoT,"This is an awesome game to pick up and play for a few minutes or a few hours.The gameplay is simple, but the plethora of choices between characters is so enormous, and the changes of how you will play each run each time that you will never grow bored.I generally don't play many rogue like games as many lack of the sense that you are progressing. With 'Rogue Legacy', on the other hand, this is not the case as with all of the characters, abilities, and uniform unlocks you get a real sense of accomplishment/progression.A highly recommend game for any who enjoys rogue like games and even those who don't."
76561197975971610,Recommended,241600,9098896,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Broken Jarrr,"I NEVER thought that I would get so addicted to an oldschool looking game like this. But the mechanics to ""just try it one more time"" got me every time, so I sank hours after hours in it. And with every new start, it gets harder, you could probably play this till infinity comes."
76561198060193916,Recommended,241600,9099780,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Providence,The strangest game but so ♥♥♥♥ing addicting gather coins upgrade your character and choose and heir No 2 runs are ever the same trust me u could be a ninja with vertigo one game then the next your a barbarian king who is gay and has adhd i definetly recommend this game.
,Recommended,241600,9100461,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"This game is a landmark over indie productions for me... it's engajing, complex and simple at the same time, and very, VERY compelling, my favorite indie game"
76561197995822331,Recommended,241600,9103202,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bombamuerta,Very addictive game! Must have!
,Recommended,241600,9103455,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,DagerHappens,"POSITIVEIf you are looking for something new that would eat up a lot of time, this is it! This is one of the best platformers I have played in a long time. Whether you only have a few minutes or want to spend hours  on this game, its all there. The goal is to level up your character enough so you can defeat all the bosses within the castle. Don't think you will be able to beat it on the first try...or second...or 25th try. Try to get as much gold as you can each life so you can level up.NEGATIVEIt gets repetitive. Yeah, there is a lot to discover in the world and a lot of upgrading to do, but once you get on that unlucky streak, you feel like rage quitting every life then telling yourself ""Once I level up one more thing, I will NOT play this game for a while.""CONCLUSIONBUY THIS GAME! You won't be disappointed."
76561197970918619,Recommended,241600,9073045,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Tristessa,"Game of the year. Brilliant, addictive, and fun."
76561198040791924,Recommended,241600,9093406,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Boy Dude,fun 5 you and all of your family
,Recommended,241600,9164727,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Visors Fade,"A great RPG platformer, a lot of the fun comes from continually building up your abilities and such and the rest of it comes in typical platforming fighting stuff. There's lots more to explain about the game, but theres not much point in me doing it as you can probably find a video about it online or find other reviews. The main thigns I'm going to talk about is the use of the word roguelike or rogue-lite. Many people will insist that a game isn't a roguelike unless it's turn based, tile based systems or has a few other feature and I may be inclined to agree with them, but thats not what I want to talk about. What I want to talk about is even calling this game a rogue-lite, a rogue-lite or like implies that when die you'll be losing all your character and your progress, but in Rogue Legacy you don't lose your ""character"" whatsoever. Sure your name changes and you get a new set of advantages and disadvantages along with a new class but you essentially keep all your stats equipment and abilities with a few minor tweaks so your ""character"" just keeps progressing like in any standard RPG which isn't a bad thing by any strech of the imagination, just different. You can even choose to not lose any progress in the dungeon you've made by payign a bit of money and no matter what your progress with boss fights is never lost, which again is not exactly a bad thing. The only thing left that you could argue makes it a roguelike is the randomly generated characters and dungeon, but randomly generation doesn't really make something a roguelike."
,Recommended,241600,9170072,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Muiramas,Dying is all apart of this game it's fricking amazing though once you get into it +20 hours of your life down the drain buy it now!
,Recommended,241600,9170207,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Kurasu,"If you are a fan of roguelike games, then this one will definitely keep you going. Tons of character classes, plenty of challenges and bonuses within the very birth-traits of your characters, a constantly shifting dungeon, an evolving and growing statbase, and plenty of rooms so the world will never get stale, plus challenge bosses, achievements, and collectable blueprints and runes.... this one is a winner and a half. Not a complicated game, but the simplicity alone is what makes it fun. It's a basic dungeon crawl with a stat-boosting twist! Cellar Door Games has a real winner on its hands.Be warned: if you buy this game, you will quickly find yourself losing hours and hours of your life. The simple and easy character creation will constantly have you going, 'One more game'. 'Just one more'. 'Oh, just one more'. And the next thing you know, four hours have passed and your coffee is cold."
,Recommended,241600,326296,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Kajotex,"You like Castlevania? You like rouge like? You like getting punched in the face by a game and having fun doing so?Get this game. Good humor, great gameplay and intresting systems.One Gigantism Endomorph Hokage/10"
,Recommended,241600,1601161,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,ABadEar,"The generational concept is really cool, gameplay is fun and difficult. Even though you'll die a million times, you feel like you're accomplishing something because the gold that you earned will make your descendants stronger, and eventually, help them defeat the bosses and tougher parts of the castle. Awesome design and execution."
,Recommended,241600,8326115,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Fiddels Iv Damke,"This game must have been the most fustrating games i played, but only the first hours. Once i got used to that dying is a part of learning and i got better, the game got much more fun and ejoyable. Having the traits system really made the countless runs throught the randomly generated castle feel fresh.The skill system made me feel stronger from either getting smaller boosts in health, or getting new abilities for classes like the headlamp on the miner which lets you see every treasure and secret in the castle.This game is a must for people who like rogue like games and fun as hell platforming."
,Recommended,241600,8457688,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Endoworks,Rogue Legacy will challenge you. This game is not easy but works great a short burst plays. The controlls are rock solid and you will loose hours in trying to explore the ever changing enviroment.
,Recommended,241600,331723,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Makoo,Do you like thr Roguelike style of games?Do you like Metroidvania games? Do you enjoy platforming and action RPG's?Love sidescrollers?Then buy this!
76561198097741312,Recommended,241600,8459543,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Go to Gulag,Great game if your looking for a game with a lot of variety.
76561198053603385,Recommended,241600,8433969,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,scruffyrogue,"I've always enjoyed rogue-likes. This one in particular is mildly crazy, generally funny, moderately addictive, and thoroughly enjoyable! It was definately a lot easier for me to play using a controller, though.For all the time I've spent playing rogue-like games, often the most frustrating bit was that when I died, it pretty much all went away and I had to start over. Usually with a fair amount of ""argh! I should have known better!"" They've solved that problem without just ruining the feel of the game. You can build up from life to life to make later generations stronger. This doesn't make the game easier -- it makes the game possible. It's a great way to give the player a sense of progress while still being a hardcore rogue-like."
,Recommended,241600,8533303,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SecretiveSquid,"You will die a lot. If I had to summarize this game in 5 words or less, that is what I would say. But this is probably the most fun you can have dying repeatedly in a videogame. What is particularly awesome about this game is how well they mesh progressive leveling with the roguelike experience. You will die, but a good run will yield a good supply of gold and maybe some runes which add abilities or plans for better armor. Gold will allow you to buy new armor and increase your offspring's stats in some way which creates this ""just one more run"" mentality in order to buff you character just enough to last a little longer in the castle. It is always great sign for a game when you struggle to stop yourself from playing.Pros:Really tight controls, which is important for a platformerA very unique take on the ever expanding roguelike genreAddictive gameplay and highly replayableCons:As the game draws on, a lot of the potential traits become just a noveltyIt can be frustrating to make a castle run and not make enough gold for any progressionThough the castle is randomly generated, you will see a lot of the same rooms and trap placements"
,Recommended,241600,8536081,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Have You Seen This Twink?,"I think Rogue Legacy is a fun, exciting, and sometimes punishing experience that is a must-buy for everyone who likes indies"
,Recommended,241600,8536689,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mendonky,"Slap on a game pad and et ready for hours of fun. Seemingly endless upgrade system and a different map every time, I've found myself wasting hours on this. However the gimmick of handicapped heroes can quite often be avoided, as some are more severe than others, This is still very good fun."
76561198126447621,Recommended,241600,11147323,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Deacon_Lailah,Really good game. Hours of fun!
76561198046618513,Recommended,241600,11148049,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Harbinger (The Sex Machine),You are a fan of the man10/10
,Recommended,241600,11004285,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,GorgakTheDreamSmasher,Love the Concept!
,Recommended,241600,11005523,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,baktegon,"Rogue Legacy forces you to get better and better at the game because the upgrade tree gets more expensive each time you buy something. You only get gold from killing enemies and destroying furniture, so you have to kill more things each time, and not die, it's a nice way to add progression to a rogue-like with perma-death.It's a whole buncha fun!"
,Recommended,241600,11005688,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Chad Sexington,10/10 Just. One. More. Run.
,Recommended,241600,11006279,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,CatBug,This game satifies my rage addiction. 10/10
,Recommended,241600,11007247,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,xenofoxx,"This is a roguelike game that I can get into. It does have the randomly generated rooms along with the permanent death. But at least your death isn't in vain.Your possessions, your gold, your sword, your armor, all get passed down to the next generation of castle crusaders.So when that random monster knocks you into a random bed of spikes, you're less angry because you tell yourself ""At least the next guy will get a better sword.""The platforming is good, most of the abilities are useful, the artwork is pleasing.I couldn't praise this game enough. If I have any complaint, after you've beaten it 3 times, it's very easy to go through the castle at that point."
76561197987104791,Recommended,241600,11009039,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Generalissimo,yum
76561198027724317,Recommended,241600,11010799,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,dax616,By Far this is the best game out there for a cheap game and its on sale for Canada Day - Amazaing Amazing replayability and upgrades === Also you can play one map for a fee when you get architect upgrade(so you can beat the castle) or play a different map with all new and unique bonus rooms(So you can increase chance of getting blueprints)-- I find myself playing it alot.I give my word u give it 30 mins of playing and you will be hooked- When game intro starts seems slow and your like what the hell -- but as soon as intro is over boom the fun begins---When your hero dies and he will die -- you pick from a slection of three children in your lineage ---- each with weird or no qualities---one knight farted aloted --another could only see in black and white -- and my char now is a female barbarian who cant see in 3D and has tourettes -- and these qualities play out in game lol ---- I give it a 10/10 and hope for add ons ill buy in a sec
76561198032687045,Recommended,241600,11010894,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,JakexthexRipper,"Addictive, a lot of fun. Feels nostalgic with modern ammenties."
,Recommended,241600,11043153,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,XEMOBIZ,"A great Castlevania style game, plenty of grinding but the grinding barely feels like grinding, with the ability to lockdown and unlock the constantly changing castle you can focus on exploring one, or unlock it and move on to a new one. Being able to do this really helps the level up process remain fun. Super challenging, gorgeous pixel art and a great soundtrack."
76561198031394662,Recommended,241600,11043313,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,JDK002,"My personal 2013 indie game of the year.A great game that perfectly blends old school 2D action platforming with modern game design and a large dose of roguelike elements.  The drip feeds you rewards just enough to keep you from being discouraged but has enough random elements to keep you from feeling complacent or bored.The only two cons I can really bring up are playing with a controller is a must, and even then the controls can feel a bit loose at times (in a game like this that can mean deaths that could easily be avoided if things were a little tighter).  Second, there's not a particularly large variety of enemies.  Mostly just bigger stronger versions of the same enemies you see at the very start of the game.Still a fantastic game and well worth your time."
76561198021837454,Recommended,241600,11044892,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,[DFS] DumbBeard,"Be very patient with this game. It's like Dwarf Fortress or Hotline Miami - you are going to hit the floor very often. This is normal. Unlike those two, you'll find the consequences of constant death not so devestating overtime as you slowly upgrade to make Charon take less and less of your gold (and even upgrade to have a chance at not dying too!). In the meantime, enjoy the soundtrack, giggle at all the sillyness (like having a hero named Sir Useless III who has uncontrolable flatulence and vertigo) and completely lose track of time!"
,Recommended,241600,11047827,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Krash Samson,"It goes like this: You pick a guy and he goes into the castle. You collect gold and some stuff, but then you die. So, then you pick a new guy and you get to spend the gold you picked up. Now you want to try out the new guy and the new stuff you bought. So you go in the castle and get more gold and you die. You'll repeat that over and over and, eventually, you'll need to stop. BUT there's never a place to stop.""Well, my character just died. I can stop now, but I guess I'll go ahead and pick out my next guy.""""Well, I picked out my next guy, I guess I'll spend my gold real quick.""""Well, I've got some new stuff to try out, I guess I'll go into the castle.""""Well, now I've been in the castle and gotten more gold and I'm dead.""You will be able to quit the game, but only when you realize it's 3 a.m. and you decide that you may need that 3 hours of sleep. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,241600,11048153,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Heimir B.,brillianty addictive game....
76561197962385579,Recommended,241600,119984,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,MisterM,Super difficult but Super fun. Reminds me of a Super Nintendo game. Super.
,Recommended,241600,11049931,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Girafro,"This game is great. If you're a fan of metroidvania style gameplay. Exploration is rewarding and fun, especially when you make your first real attempt to explore a higher level area, and there is a New Game + mode so it adds replayability. I've completed it in 10 hours but I haven't gotten everything, so that's pretty good length for a cheap little indie game."
,Recommended,241600,11011966,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dick Tracy,"""Just one more life before bed"" 10/10"
,Not Recommended,241600,11012575,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Arson Aardvark,This game is flat out hard.  There's a great feature that allows you to continue the game as each previous toon's heir.  The heirs have different traits that may affect the gameplay for better or worse.  The combat is mediocre and straight-forward.  There are better side scrollers.
76561198055203757,Recommended,241600,11012635,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Bishavis,"""...a hugely compelling mix of 2D action-platforming and Roguelike game design."" 9/10"
,Recommended,241600,11016026,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DarthSaber,"This IS the best rogue-like i have played to date. Everytime you die and re-enter the dungeon you have to give up your coins,Until you get an upgrade to slightly lower the entry fee by a percentageso it maintains a very high replay value, making you try harder each time. The variety of heroes is great, and the more time you put into this game, the more unlocks and increases the replay value even more. Great game. 10/10"
,Recommended,241600,11016954,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Mr Flake,I never made it past 3rd screen but still enjoy it.
,Recommended,241600,2371510,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,DeadPiNG,Rogue like 류 게임을 좋아한다면 강추강추!!
76561198034787219,Recommended,241600,11019041,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,TheOmnicide,"This game is an extremely addicting platformer with some obvious RPG elements.  The controls are simple enough to understand and the overall goal, as well.  Having said that, I feel like a controller is almost necessary after a while, playing this game, at least that's how I felt.  It gets to a point where you're doing so many things in midair while attacking that having a controller would have helped.  Another thing you have to look out for is the fact that every upgrade of your manor makes everything else cost more, so be careful when you're spending on some upgrades, it might actually be better to hold off until you get that really good expensive one than dumping whatever you have into whatever you can afford.  Overall, this is an incredible game and even though I mention the possible necessity for a controller, I still plan to play it until mine comes in."
,Recommended,241600,11093933,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Kinzinho,"This game its outstanding.I played this game for the first time on a keyboard and the controls became a bit uncomfortable for me, maybe its because it should be played on a gamepad, but that just me.As the title of the game says, you are on Legacy to enter a castle and defeat whatever its inside there, dying its not a game over in this game, its a chance to do it again with the knowledge you have been given in your last life.To be exact, everytime you die you must choose a new hero that has a familiar connection to previous character you used, it may be confusing but im not the best person to explain how this game works, play the game for yourself and you'll see waht i mean.Trust me when i say this, you're gonna have a lot of fun with this game. At first it may see difficult but as you progress foward, you can have tons of upgrades that you can buy with the money collected by your last character, with that you can have more classes (Barbarian, Lich, Ninja and etc.), weapons and runes.10/10"
76561198040744687,Recommended,241600,11095097,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Sweeps,"I love this game.It's amazing fun, easy to pick up, easy to put down.It is difficult, I'm not gonna lie, there's a bit of a learning/skill curve to it, but once you start to get the hang of it you really feel accomplished and are filled with a newfound appreciation of the monumental nature of the task ahead of you.It's a very fun game, upgrades, equipment and runes, it's really really fun.I highly recommend this game to anyone fairly decent at platformers."
76561198041463244,Recommended,241600,11098425,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Ruzukin,Awesome
76561198053886453,Recommended,241600,11098571,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,PRED-03,I recommend this game as it is great fun but be aware it is highly addicting.
,Recommended,241600,767652,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Tom-Eric,"Rougue Legacy is the perfect game to play if you have like playing in short bursts.In the beginning you will die a lot, and this makes a single runthrough quite short (2-5 minutes in my case). Everytime you die you can use the gold you found during your run to buy upgrades for your descendants. These upgrades persist, so you will slowly start beating enemies faster and it will take more hits to kill you.There are several areas that have their own difficulty level. Each area has its own boss, and once you beat a boss, you won't have to beat him again. New, unique areas are generated on every playthrough. There is an option to play the area of your previous generation, but this will cost you 40% of your gold.I'm not that far in the game, but the fact that I can play this game for 10 minutes and make meaningful progress makes this a very enjoyable experience. Well worth the money!"
,Recommended,241600,11099716,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Sinister savior,Rogue Legacy is really all about progression and if you dont like working to get better than this game is terrible. Really most of the joy is through that and other than that it is sort of like a flash game.
,Recommended,241600,10644338,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Katamari Democracy,You can play as a gay girl knight with a beard and irritable bowel syndrome.And Ubisoft says girls are too hard to animate.IGN: 10/10 GOTY
76561198053419429,Recommended,241600,11087589,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,blkpma,this is a short game but i will say no matter how terrible a gamer you are you will get better with time and yes it is a very hard game but if it was easy would it be fun?
,Recommended,241600,11088128,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Arbitrary_Thoughts,"Amazing game! It may feel like a grind to some people, but the rougelike-ness of the game really makes it feel different every time."
,Recommended,241600,11088541,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dormant,"I LOVE this game so much! If you like rogue-likes or any other game of this category, just...shut up, stop watching videos, go BUY it and play it!"
,Recommended,241600,11088929,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,reetveter ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"[+] - Controls, fairly difficult, addictive, distinct classes[-] - Bit of a grindfest, gets stale after some time"
76561198055556147,Recommended,241600,11090203,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,baywatchdave,Great Platformer.  Be prepared to die alot.
,Recommended,241600,11090785,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,тынемешкай,THIS GAMES ♥♥♥♥ING IMPOSSIBLE
,Recommended,241600,11091274,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Andromeda,Great game!
,Recommended,241600,11101889,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Myrrinth,"If you enjoy Metroidvania-style games, buy this.If you enjoy platforming games and dying (a LOT), buy this.This is a great game, though I would suggest having a controller hooked up to your PC."
76561198064770547,Recommended,241600,6368227,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,EnemyEXistenZ,"far to addictive, great game!"
76561198025373870,Recommended,241600,9065562,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,moveandmerge,"i had no idea i was going to invest so many hours into this game, but i have 0 regrets."
,Recommended,241600,9069139,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Janitorman,"I remember when this came out. I had wanted something fantasy-esque, but I got more than that. The gameplay I would say is actually the weakest aspect, as the different traits don't change too much. The music (especially the boss music) is catchy as hell and fits well with each area. The graphics are also a very nice touch. It's visually pleasing but could be run on a computer using xp. The story is the best part in my opinion. Throughout the game you recover journal fragments of a past adventurer, and you slowly understand what happens.9.5/10"
,Recommended,241600,9071005,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Maxoan,A great retro-platformer game
,Recommended,241600,9072076,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,NinjaMarion Esq.,"Fun and challenging rogue-""lite"" with extensive replayability. A class system combined with various traits and disabilities ensures wildly different characters between runs, livening them up even when you've been grinding out gold for upgrades for hours. Definitely recommended as it's well worth the price."
76561198002354981,Not Recommended,241600,9072754,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DuctTapeNinja,"Eh, fun for about a half hour, but it gets old fast."
,Recommended,241600,9083568,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Look At Me Smug,Swag ON EVERY NUMBER TO INFINITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197972560532,Not Recommended,241600,9084316,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,RuningOnBravado,Two words: annoying and tedious.
,Recommended,241600,9084664,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Stingin' rodger,I love this games rpg and tower defense mode. - 9/11 The Sun
76561198084320679,Recommended,241600,9086831,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,open the door,"This game is really fun and addicting. I couldn't get into it at first because of the controls (controller controls are great but I don't have one), but as I got past the controls and kept trying, I was doing better and better, and I wanted to keep beating the first boss (yea, still haven't done it). GET THE GAME"
,Recommended,241600,9088562,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ParkourZombie,"A challenging Rogue-like where death is a constant overbearing threat. Randomized characters with different positives and negatives keep the game fresh and full of replay-ability. Combine that with randomized levels and a huge cast of enemies to slaughter your way through, form a game that is at worst frustrating and at best a game you feel happy to master."
,Recommended,241600,10032534,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,{TGC}Fr33,Great Game mess with u like dark souls and very fun easy to pick up recommend a control for easy play castlevania at its finest
76561198020883310,Recommended,241600,10041733,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Beekay,Get a controller for this game! This game definately rewards you for playing it often.
,Recommended,241600,8732304,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,krego,Droja dura
76561198098267559,Recommended,241600,10045561,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,alexgoldriver,love the game but crashes my computer
,Recommended,241600,7659404,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Number255,Quaint little game. Drags on a bit but can be very addicting. :)
,Recommended,241600,334507,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Pandemon1c,"Amazing fun. Oldschool feel, full of humor and just the right amount of challenge, hard enough that it's not easy, not so hard that you want to put your fist through the screen. You will die a lot in the beginning, but it's funny seeing all the different characters and traits you wind up with."
76561198068091725,Recommended,241600,10030978,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,NuttyWilshire,"After viewing the trailer for Rogue Legacy through the Steam store I went ahead and picked it up.  The days immediately following that purchase are a blur, this game was an incredible experience.  Rogue Legacy will remain as one of the most intense and gratifying platforming experiences I've had the pleasure to play through.There is, however, something negative I've got to throw in(besides how friggin hard it is to win the knife throwing mini-game).  You see, when they updated the game with some new features...well...the remixed boss idea they worked in, holy christ.I'm not usually one to run from a challenge, except perhaps when my character is replaced with a wheelchair-bound five year old armed with an al'dente spaghetti noodle AND THEN thrown into a refridgerator box with the Sharknado.  Don't worry though, when you fail to defeat God Himself, you can immediately try again.  Forever.Ultra hard boss with my beefed character? Sure.  Normal boss against a weak stand-in hero? I'll try it.  God Mode boss vs a weak stand-in with a severely limited battle arena?  Why didn't you just have it issue insults to me when I went through the remix door?  OH WAIT, that's right, YOU DID.Boss Remix update into RogueLegacy = The worlds best car wash ending with a complimentary high-pressure diarrhea spray.Poor form, CellarDoorGames.  I can't fathom how this made it through the filter.  The rest of your game was superb and worthy of all the praise and recommendations it received."
76561198041346375,Recommended,241600,10037268,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,TheSundanceKid,"This game is HARD, but in a good way. Each playthrough gets more addicting than the last, and earning more money than your previous run is satisfying. Just expect to die, A LOT."
76561197978567444,Recommended,241600,10018124,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Ender,Great game. Haven't been on Steam for some time and this is a great way to jump back into it. A rogue spin to a castlevania type game.
76561198080638714,Recommended,241600,10047783,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,DarkAssassin797,Rogue Legacy is an extremely challengeing game that wil push you to your limits! I hope you played dark souls for that anger manegment training cuz your gonna need it! GOOD LUCK!
76561198026522879,Recommended,241600,8611528,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Gorbordes,Game is the best♥♥♥♥♥♥since sliced bread
,Recommended,241600,4639364,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Плоппя,A metroidvania platformer with some RL elements and interesting heir mechanics.  Also.  Its ♥♥♥♥ing hard.
76561198079658773,Recommended,241600,8613825,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Deadmoney97,If you looking for a game where you jump in to a amazing adventure to find something that may or may not exist the this is the game for you.
,Recommended,241600,8613993,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Blake Schmirler,"Quite an enjoyable game. It will be a tough game to start playing, but will quickly become natural and extremely fun to play, especially with all the upgrades and random heroes!"
76561198014675359,Recommended,241600,8615684,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Scionic,"This is a smart little platformer, and the Roguelike randomness makes it completely replayable. The game play is tough, without being frustrating, and intuitive. If you are a fan of the whole ""Kill things and get experience"" and ""Get gold to buy gear"" thing, you'll have a blast with this fun little gem."
,Recommended,241600,7764738,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Kawaii Snuggles,Fun and addicting with the ability to pick it up and drop it off at any ime.
76561198047763108,Recommended,241600,8615723,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Lab B203,After beating the game on NG+ I can say that it's very okay.
,Recommended,241600,8615821,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,JammedUpJeff,"Really hard platformer. Tons of replayability, I managed to get about 50 hours out of it."
76561198063777661,Recommended,241600,8639339,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Lunis9,You can walk upside down and read like a dyslexic person! So get it... because I said so...En Espanol: Puedes caminar al revez y puedes leer como una persona con dyslexia(don't know it in spanish)! Entonces compralo... porque te dije hacerlo
,Recommended,241600,8639576,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,DAV1DHATCH,This game is so rewarding. Taking time to increase stats and find the right character to get further and further. It's absolutley amazing.
,Recommended,241600,8641091,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,LupeCannonball,This game is frustrating. I die a lot. I never seem to make enough money to really get any further. I like it a lot.
76561197993788526,Recommended,241600,8642605,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,direvin,"Great dungeon crawler. The game lacks a bit on fighter types, but makes up in customization. There's plenty of areas to explore and numerous mini bosses. Battle is very brutal and a simple enemy could result in your demise."
,Recommended,241600,8643203,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,knoppolis,"I used to be productive. Now, there is only time for this."
,Recommended,241600,8395271,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dreadbeard,"An amazing platformer with a very rewarding level system, constantly challenging the player to get better and further into each dungeon in hopes of that next upgrade, pays off hard work accordingly and provides an amazing blend of RPG Side Scrolling fun and dungeon crawling goodness."
,Recommended,241600,8646410,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Thomas13,Fun and simple. Easy to pick up but requires you to adapt quickly. Side-scrolling platform action game. Known as a rogue game
,Recommended,241600,2831649,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,narkanam,AWWsome
,Recommended,241600,8656772,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Ikari,"Just as it is called, this is a roguelike game with randomly generated levels unless you lock down the castle. The controls might be confusing for beginners, but once you get used to it, you're pretty much set for the game assuming you can dodge all the hundreds of fireballs being fired at you simultaneously.Charon is evil."
,Recommended,241600,8657023,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Spooky,"This is basically a new Castlevania game, and by that I mean the old NES versions, and the SNES versions, given Roguelike elements and a randomly generated metroidvania style to keep it consistently fresh. Whether you enjoy the game or not, I think that's a noble effort. The game has that same Castlevania feel of stopping nervously, assessing the situation, and trying to move forward without getting hurt at all. Each enemy requires strategy and good timing to beat, even more so when faced with more than one enemy, or more than one type of enemy.The game also hosts a number of other things that massively change the game each time it's played. There is a large variety of classes, upgraded versions of every class, and a wide variety of traits for each character, that can either just be a funny goof, or massively affect how the game is played. Each character also has an item, or a spell that can be used, and like the items in Castlevania, each have their own purpose and use, and are used completely differently in different situations.Lastly, there are a variety of armors and magical runes. Magic runes in particular change how the game is played quite potently. They can speed you up, make you jump higher, give you wings, return damage taken from enemies, draw mana and/or health from slain enemies, make you dash in the air, and a whole host of other effects.As well, there's a frankly gigantic upgrade tree, which is fairly basic at first, but soon you'll find yourself making decisions on which directions you want to go. Do you want to keep boosting base stats, or perhaps maximize the amount of gold you recieve? Do you wish to go for upgrading health over mana, or mana over health, etc.Perhaps the most Castlevania thing about this game is that it is just as ridiculously, frustratingly hard, but it's the kind of balanced hard that makes you feel very satisfied when you win, and like it was genuinely your fault if you don't win.The game isn't perfect. There could stand to be more traits and spells, and I found myself rarely obtaining new armors.The runes, in large part, are often just dupes of other ones. Sure, the effects stack, but I found myself bored by going through difficult challenges only to find out that it was all for another drain mana rune.However, if you like Castlevania, chances are you'll love this. The game is a massively updated Castlevania game with ridiculous amounts of depth. Yet if you're looking for a game that you can just pick up and play, rather than these massive plot heavy hooperscotch games we have nowadays, this is perfect. You can just start the game, burn through a few runs for fun, and quit near-immediately when you feel like it.If you're still uncertain, look up the Steam Train Rogue Legacy playthrough. It's a great series for an introduction to the gameplay of Rogue Legacy. As for my thoughts, the game is absolutely worth your money and time, highly recommended."
76561198036204940,Recommended,241600,8658232,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Lieutenant Shasta,Love this game!  A fun platformer with many different and sometimes challenging levels.  The randomess of the game is also what makes this game great
,Recommended,241600,8658382,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,cpgrungebob,"By far, one of the best Rogue like games. Always new layouts, great villians and boss, loving playing second time through with it be more difficult. Highly recommend playing with a gamepad."
,Recommended,241600,8213983,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,The_Megatherium,I purchased this game 8 hours ago. I have 9 hours of playtime. That's how good it is.
76561198000923456,Recommended,241600,8214165,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Eigenkek,Pretty fun game that can get grind-y pretty soon but the game picks up once you get better at not dying.  Worth the value if you get it on sale.
,Recommended,241600,8214326,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,cjwprostar,"Really fun with tons of replay value. It starts out fairly difficult, especially if you haven't played a lot of similar games. As you keep playing, you start to learn enemy patterns and the right way to use your abilities. It really gives you a satisfied feeling when you finally beat a boss after all that."
76561198118152858,Recommended,241600,8214339,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Vallelly,its a good game but need a nice computer so it doesnt lag
76561197967001905,Recommended,241600,8214435,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Chris The Rogue,Highly Addictive. The first few heros i had died like chumps but their heirs only get stronger. Vertigo is a pain though.
,Recommended,241600,8214844,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,neildrawoh,"Everyone should get this game. Excellent (yet minimal) story, compelling gameplay that really highlights the game mechanics, and it's just...fun."
,Recommended,241600,2901373,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Blue1982,"For the price and replay value, Rogue Legacy is probably the best game in my Steam library. The game is very reminiscent of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night; with a few roguelike elements thrown in. If you're a fan of action platformers, pick this title up."
76561198017609035,Recommended,241600,8214999,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TDutchWalker,too difficult ... too fun! never wanna stop!
76561198092972692,Recommended,241600,8215781,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Setbacks,"Great 2d sidescroller. It's like Ghouls and Goblins on steroids, if it was also on pcp."
,Recommended,241600,8215845,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Yawen,"This is very funny and fun 2d platformer with a lot of classes to unlock, repeatedly randomly generated castle (you'll die a lot and have lots of heirs) as well as tons of upgrades and randomly generated heirs. (for better or for worse)Perhaps you can impress the training dummy enough so he doesn't inquire if you even lift!"
,Recommended,241600,8215977,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,covfephoenix,"this is the perfect sidescrolling roguelike. almost everything is well fleshed out, and nothing is lacking severely. it has a good amount of jokes and humor, but doesn't shove it in your face. plus there are clowns. 10/10 would reccomend."
76561198039847094,Recommended,241600,8216307,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,CamPorter20,It's a really fun side-scrolling game with some interesting concepts. You get money in the dungeon (which changes every time you enter) and spend it on upgrades. Any money left unspent before entering the dungeon again is gone.
76561198040794060,Recommended,241600,8216411,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Larry Loudpack,I needed a game to rest on♥♥♥♥♥♥ and this works great!
76561197960854096,Recommended,241600,8216825,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,luciddre4m,Amazing game with almost infinite replayability.  You die a lot but you never lose any progress.  There is a steep challenge but it is a very rewarding experience.  Highly recommend using a gamepad!
76561198048352750,Recommended,241600,8216889,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,upyoursize,"I came, I saw, I came thrice more times."
,Recommended,241600,8216893,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Revenant,Best $5 I've spent all week.
76561198055098259,Recommended,241600,8217002,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lost_Ducky,"All I have to say is that this game is freaking amazing!! one of the few indie games i've played and it was the first to make me try other indie type games as well.. I really love how the game plays and the different things you could inharite which really adds to the experience and well the diffuculty, I like how its challenging and rewarding. I have yet to beat the game but all in all I can't wait till I do, right now I am still 2 out of 4 bosses."
76561198037273380,Recommended,241600,8217042,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ceefa,"It's a metroidvania with rougelike elements. If you don't understand that just google ""metroidvania"" and ""rouguelike.""This game can be brutally difficult but is dangerously addictive."
,Recommended,241600,8217253,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,cannibalsock,super♥♥♥♥♥
76561198069088823,Recommended,241600,8217329,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Don Cheto,This game. <3 Addicting and fun and funny all at the same time. Never know what you will end up with.
,Recommended,241600,10821181,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SirEdward,"I cannot recommend this game enough.  If you like challenging gameplay that scales on an enjoyable curve, this is for you.  If you like Metroidvania style games, this is for you.  The latter stages of the game can become rather tedious from repetition - the game is build on dying to become stronger, so repetition is to be expected, but at times it can get old.9/10"
76561198013492448,Recommended,241600,10822081,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,el_jesus,Far more addicting than I expected at first glance...very deep game with a huge amount of replay potential. Love the leveling system
76561198104390283,Recommended,241600,10822873,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lord Moldybutt,I love this game!! You play through each generation and your children (who may or may not have some defects) carry on for you.  You go along fighting and obtaining gold to build up your castle for upgrades.  As you go around you see journal entries from someone who has been fighting for a very long time.  As you go through the storyline to figure out who it is you pass by many great bosses.  It is very enjoyable and addicting.  P.S. Don't stop playing after the first few minutes. It starts out really hard and you have to build up your stats!
,Recommended,241600,10823071,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,fausty,"I've only played 6 hours as of this writing, but I love this game. It's super challenging and you can come back to even if you only have a half hour to play. The humor, the mechanics, and the graphics are all well done. Pick this game up."
76561198027105584,Not Recommended,241600,10823282,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gorf,"There's not even a rogue class in this game, waste of money buying this lying♥♥♥♥♥game.I've been diddled again!"
,Recommended,241600,10824957,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Bot god,pretty good
,Recommended,241600,10826272,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,A Whole Narwhal,It was pretty ok. 10/10
,Recommended,241600,10826312,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RoyTucker,I had no idea how addictive this was.
,Not Recommended,241600,10826454,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rez,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. The child/succession is a cool idea but, as far as I can tell, is of no consequence to the gameplay. The randomized traits are a great idea, but quickly lose their magic when you realize how few there are. The game's difficulty -- probably it's biggest selling point -- feels artificial, as most of my deaths were caused by the awkwardly generated rooms and the developers' apparent love affair with spikes rather than the enemies that populated them. The gear acquisition and character leveling seemed great initially, but quickly proved to be subject to slow and painful grinding.The game is clearly intended to be played only with a controller, offering no mouse support and a very bad keyboard setup that can only be minorly customized. (It is of my opinion that very little effort was put into the PC controls. From personal experience, it is very easy and not at all time consuming to add the basic keyboard and mouse functionality that would have made playing the game without a controller a less frustrating experience.)The reality is, as much as I try to pick apart this game and understand why it is I didn't like it, I can't. The game is hard, but I didn't feel myself getting upset at each death. In fact, I really didn't feel anything. Maybe that's the problem: there was nothing there to keep me playing. Unlike Dark Souls or Spelunky or any of those other ""hardcore"" games, playing this game just wasn't fun."
,Recommended,241600,10609710,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mr. Devlar,"It's arguably one of the best platformers I've ever played.A combo of RPG elements and rogue-like combined with a superb sense of humor about the entire genre. Though so hard, so incredibly hard."
76561197998936108,Recommended,241600,10827442,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BearMan,"Actually pretty fun. I bought the game on summer sales for a couple of bucks, and it's definitely worth that. After playing it for a while it does feel a little bit like a mobile game, quick to load quick to play, generally quite short lifetimes (when you first start at least) and lots of unlockables.Hopefully it will stay fun!"
76561197975586792,Recommended,241600,10772777,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Feskhandlern,"Amazing game! Fun, challenging and entrtaining as all h**l!"
,Recommended,241600,10772802,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,pitseleh79,"Ridiculous fun. In the past ten minutes, I've played as a colorblind barbarian queen, a gay dwarf knave, and a giant knight with I.B.S. A pretty tight platformer well worth the sale price."
76561198046513436,Recommended,241600,10773068,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Slayer,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys games with the ""Just one more round!"" urge. This game is very reminiscent of dark souls if it were 2D, so obviously I greatly enjoy it. It is NOT multiplayer :( but it is a very good game to pass time and listen to music."
,Recommended,241600,10773549,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Atlas,Just got it and was hooked immedietely. Super fun and fast paced platformer with an unique respawn method that just keeps me intrigued10/10
76561197980048465,Recommended,241600,10773720,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jeffreybarber1,Offbeat roguelike/castlevania game with heridty rules? Son of Awesome.
76561198061246332,Recommended,241600,10773984,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,cinbuttpie,"This game is amazing.  Right now, it is one of the only things able to pull me away from my Wii U.  Try it with Wii U Pro Controller.  Super fun."
76561198067206291,Recommended,241600,10774276,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,chetmanley,"Simple and fun, but not easy. Plenty of things to do it doesn't get old."
,Recommended,241600,10774478,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FranCam,Haven't had this much fun with a platformer since my SNES days.
,Recommended,241600,10744918,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Deevo #Clownfiesta,"Reminds me a bit of Castlevania Aria of Sorrow, just with more dieing. Had alot of fun playing it. Finished it after the 5th playthrough."
76561198046140927,Recommended,241600,8251474,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,darkspark2000,What an amazing game - you HAVE TO GET IT.So addictive. I love games and this is one of my faves of the year and I played a lot!
76561198037445874,Recommended,241600,4455719,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Cryo,"Great ROGUE-Like Platformer, well worth the price!"
,Recommended,241600,8252707,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,T@F,Plays better than it looks.
,Recommended,241600,8252810,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,paul,An amazing game that reminds me of Zelda: A Link to the Past and Ghosts and Goblins from NES.   Pretty difficult until you get some points into your castle.  8/10
76561198000710684,Recommended,241600,8253048,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Edpuma,Great game. Death is only the begining!
,Recommended,241600,8253368,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Avatar of Propane,This game is like a fine hamburger cooked on a clean burning propane grill.
,Recommended,241600,8253831,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Gryan Flemmons,"It bills itself as a roguelike, but it's really a progression-based platformer where your initial characters will pretty much inevitably die as you explore deeper into the castle; but death is just an opportunity to upgrade your next character with the loot you found. Fun, and a great base game, but a bit lacking in 'meat' - I would really love to see a 'Rogue Legacy 2' that adds more differentiated character classes (in appearance if nothing else), different weapons, and more types of monsters. That's not much of a complaint, though; it just means I was left wanting more."
76561198004622287,Recommended,241600,8253984,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,5udden,old school hard to master but really fun to play if you're not a quitter :P
,Recommended,241600,3349373,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Konadian,"At first I bought this game just for something to amuse myself with but it turned out that I had bought something amazing! This game in my opinion is pixely, cute dark souls, and I LOVE it!!! If your ever looking for a cheap indie game, get this. You wont regret it! :3"
76561198043312206,Recommended,241600,8254694,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,TaranTheBeast,This game is a really fun rogue like dungeon crawler with interesting rpg elements.
,Recommended,241600,8254948,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Chuky,"Awesome game , have played only a little but that will change soon enough.Try it you won't be dissapointed!"
76561198107666399,Recommended,241600,8255327,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ChaoticKonfuzion,"This game is definitely like Binding of Isaac where you have to keep trying from the beginning, but there's the addition of upgrades that stay with you even though you die so your characters will keep getting stronger. The descriptions of each potential hier are quite humorous, especially when the unique traits are portrayed. This is a very addicting game and each go-round, you get better."
76561198031280806,Recommended,241600,8255500,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Skeleton Zoo,"Features the best of retro gaming, brutal difficulty but designed fairly. The controls are very smooth but structured. So when you die (and you will a lot) it does feel like it was your fault. A very good skill/challenge progression and it has a beautiful soundtrack to compliment the colorful art style. Definitly play with a controller if possible."
76561197971401596,Recommended,241600,8255517,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Wormfingers,"fluent platformer with randomly generated levels and huge skill tree. every time you die you have to pick from 3 of your offspring to carry on the mission, your kids have random traits like irritable bowel syndrome and color blindness, their classes are random too, some of the classes you can be are a paladin who can use mana to block damage or a barbarian with a huge amount of health that can shout projectiles out of the air. the levels are random like I said but the objectives are are always in the same general direction (keep going right for the woods, up for the tower, and down for the dungeon) and the goal is to beat the boss in every area. very awesome game, I recommend having a controller but anyone who has spent their fair share of time beating mario on a keyboard should be alright"
,Recommended,241600,8255522,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ned,"Love this game. So original, can't stop playing it. Can play for hours or just 10 mins and normally something new/different so doesn;t get grindy. Recommend ++"
,Recommended,241600,8255756,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Fridgecrisis,"This game is a blast. It hits a lot of sweet spots for me. The pixel art is great, the music is catchy, the controls are tight and responsive, and the whole premise of the game is just brilliant. It has a great ""just one more"" quality to it, where it gets really hard to put down.If I have anything bad to say about this game, it's that a few upgrades and abilities that are supposed to be really valuable and awesome actually end up being kind of lame or useless. One of the final upgrades you get is a Dragon class, which can fly and shoot fireballs. Cool, right? Except the flight controls/mechanics are a little fiddly and completely different from jumping, and the fireballs only shoot out straight in one direction, whereas the sword you've been using for most of the game attacks in a far more useful arc. So I never play as a Dragon.Actually, nearly all of my most successful heroes have been Barbarians, who have bucketfuls of extra HP and the unique ability to destroy projectiles, which is almost required for beating some of the major bosses. Paladins have come in a distant second.But none of these balance issues ruin the game, since you get to choose each hero from a small pool of candidates and unlock upgrades in any order you want (or ignore them completely). You can also customize your hero with equipment and runes that give you a wide variety of abilities, so it's fun to experiment and find out what works best for your play style.Long story short, this game isn't perfect, but it's really fun. Having fun is why I play games, so there you have it."
,Recommended,241600,8255856,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jarate Man :D,"Great game to just pick up and play . It is roguelike but do not let that scare you away, most things save, and trust me it is FUNNNNNNN! :D"
76561198053093640,Recommended,241600,8256512,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,lysanna,"I've always liked roguelikes ever since the first time I played Nethack.  I've also always liked platformers, ever since the first time I played Mario, which was quite a long time ago.  Combining the two creates a game that is pretty much perfect.  I enjoy not completely losing my progress with each death, so coming back again and again (without cheating!) feels more rewarding.The classes are different enough to be interesting yet play the same enough to  not be frustrating - with the exception of the final unlockable class, of which I am not a fan.  The incremental upgrades are nice, but it feels like you really need the money collection upgrades to finish before you can complete some of the others.  The enemy scaling is great until you get to NG+3 or so, then I had to use all level-down runes to continue having fun playing.  At NG+6 or so the enemy scaling went out the window and everything defaulted to the hardest enemies, so I stopped playing.  Fortunately I had completed the upgrade tree by then, as well as collecting all the blacksmith patterns and runes.Those are my only gripes with the game.  I love everything else about it, really.  I like watching my character's family tree branch out, and am always excited to see what traits my new heirs will have.  The traits are amusing as well, except for vertigo which I tried once then never again, that branch of the tree can wither.I'm pretty bad at writing reviews, but if you like fun, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,241600,7636286,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Entrusted One,Great game. One of my favorites as of late. 9/10.
,Recommended,241600,69960,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,CarlCX,"The story of a family that for millennia had children whom they immediately abandoned to charge to certain death in a castle, and how those children were so mentally scarred by the experience of losing their parents that they exhibited terrible neurological disorders but were forced into battle because its' what their parents did. Rogue Legacy is a story about the inescapability of caste systems and the death of hope for the lower class.(game rules buy it)"
76561198024486777,Recommended,241600,8010423,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Alek The Great,Pretty tough and addicting - definitely worth a try.
,Recommended,241600,8010793,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,warandpeace,Jesus ♥♥♥♥ this game is addictive. Exactly my kind of Metroidvania-Meets-Roguelike.I'm currently on my... third? full playthrough & I still want to play more. It's so much fun!
,Recommended,241600,8012106,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Pepsi,Really amazing game!
,Recommended,241600,7694756,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,cfalcon,"This is a 2D platformer akin to Ghosts 'n Goblins that is built around the anticipation that you will very likely die many times over in your quest to defeat the four major bosses of the castle to unlock the door to your deathly ill king. It's a challenging game, but the design of the game keeps deaths from being too frustrating and the difficulty is pretty fair for the most part.When you die, you keep all of the gold and equipment you had on you for your next attempt at the king's castle. Your gold can be spent on building your own castle with numerous bonuses that include raising your base stats, lowering the amount of gold you pay to enter the castle again, increasing the damage of your magic attacks, unlocking NPCs that can add runes and enchants to your armor, create new armor from blueprints you find in the castle, or lock down a castle's particular layout for a cost of all the gold you find, and so forth. So when you die, you don't feel as if you accomplished nothing because in virtually every circumstance you can use the gold you found to improve your chances of survival the next time in some way or another.When you die, your heir will succeed you. Your heir be a different class with its own strengths and weaknesses for HP, strength, movement speed, etc, but ascended classes can unlock a unique ability; such as a Paladin's ability to block all attacks at the expense of MP or the Barbarian Hero's AOE shout that repels all enemies and destroys projectiles. Your heir can also have his or her own traits which range from being color-blind, being nostalgic which makes everything appear in a sepia tone, being very tall and bulky which gives you better range with your sword but more easily hit by attacks, being very tall and skinny which makes attacks push you back farther, being very short which means you can fit into small pathways and dodge attacks better, etc. The list of possible traits is just too long to list in a review. It's completely random what class and traits your next heirs will have. You can also purchase the ability to reshuffle your heirs if none of your heirs suit your playstyle. The beauty of the abilities to level in the castle and the different classes is that you can focus on stats and classes that you like the best. I'm sure some builds might struggle more than others, but it's really nothing that can't be overcome if you have enough skill at the game.If you enjoyed Demon's Souls and Dark Souls and you like a good challenge, then you would probably enjoy this game, too. You will die a lot in the game and some enemies can be awfully tough the first few times you see them, but just remember that it's perfectly okay to die. That's how you spend your gold to progress your characters and your heirs will have better odds the next time. It's a great game, even at full price, as long as you have the preservance to not get discouraged by deaths."
,Recommended,241600,7999168,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,btaidm,Great game
,Recommended,241600,8000587,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,dole,"I fully recommend this game, for the low price of 15 dollars you get an incredible 2D rogue-like platformer. Hours of very fun gameplay and countless deaths await you in this underrated masterpiece of a game. 95/100"
,Recommended,241600,8000949,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Lick My Dad,at first $15 seems a bit to much but when you buy it you will not be able to put it down.If games could marry and spelunky and dark souls got married this would be their child.i really recommend this
,Recommended,241600,8002280,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,MAMEiac,No getting around it being a brutal grind of a game but something about it just keeps me coming back for more punishment. The total crapshoot of choices you get in each new generation keep things interesting and the varied layouts of the dungeons every time you play don't ever let you settle in to an easy pattern. A simple idea very well executed.
76561198016750495,Recommended,241600,8012463,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Magnus Eisengrim,Do you like Roguelikes? Do you like Metroidvania games? Get Rogue Legacy. It's awesome.
,Recommended,241600,1941920,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,gamepak,I can't... stop... playing...
76561198066880519,Recommended,241600,8017034,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,"An actual horse, for reals!",Great game! Hardcore!
,Recommended,241600,8019899,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,grownassben,"It's like Ghosts 'n Goblins with 75% more Castlevania. Lots of fun so far, but sometime the randomly generated levels are insanely hard. Occasionally frustrating and always fun."
,Recommended,241600,8021122,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Trey Spyre,"Rouge Legacy is one of those games that changes every time you play it. Except....it doesn't have to. It plays like your typical RPG/Platformer where you have to explore the rooms and fight off enemies. However, your character may or may not have some ""disabilities."" It's very interesting to see what the game can come up with. Now, as I was saying, there is a feature in the game to keep your castle the same. (at a cost of a large portion of the gold you make on that run) It's a fantastic feature for someone who wants to run through and wreck all of the bosses rather than explore.If you have the chance, pick up this game. There's a lot of replayability in it, from what I can tell!"
,Recommended,241600,8133038,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The Bunk,Not a bad waste of time if you don't mind the grind.
,Recommended,241600,8133247,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Delytronic,"It's a great balance between roguelike and games where you don't want to kill yourself after Glint Hammerfist the Dwarf lord oneshots you to eradicate 20 hours of your life.  No, this is a great platformy, not-casual-not-dwarf-lord level game!  Dwarves.  There are a couple dwarves in this game too, on a tangential note.PLAY IT BUT WITH A CONTROLLER YO"
,Recommended,241600,8133363,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,King Sif,"Amazing game! Hours of adventure, and new character traits will always keep you on your toes!"
76561198028582665,Recommended,241600,8133403,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DcDeath,"Absolutely great game! Nothing better than clearing some monsters in a castle with your dwarfed, colorblind mage!"
76561197995631533,Recommended,241600,8133955,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Talon,Evolving Metroidvania style game with random dungeons every time you go inside the castle? YES PLEASE! Even has a bit of a challenge for the folks that like that sort of thing.  Definitely worth every dollar.
,Recommended,241600,7545982,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,NOxER,"Rogue Legacy: The Proof that your Children will ALWAYS do Better Than YouRogue Legacy is a rogue-lite game (meaning you lose your progress when you die... or something like that) in which your family tree makes a difference.  Not only can you be born with different traits affecting your character's style (dwarfism, color-blindness, etc.), but you maintain your ancestor's estate.  The whopping lump of cash they got from running headlong into an ever-changing castle is now yours by inheritence!This game gets a 12.5/15 in my opinion, as it hits all the right notes, though it misses a few times.  For example, once you hit a certain point in the game, it takes an amazing run to simply buy a 10-HP boost.  The scaling and inflation of prices makes it incredibly difficult and frustrating to complete the game in its entirety.  This game is fun to play for quite a while, but I would wait for even a small sale before purchasing it."
76561198052486741,Recommended,241600,8134761,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,trumpet_hero1,I cannot stop playing this game. Seriously. This game is the reason that I almost bombed my finals. IT'S GREAT.
76561197988130095,Recommended,241600,11478951,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,blinklpofadown,"I loved it.  Whenever my character had both Irritable Bowel Syndrome and Coprolalia, it was like I was playing as myself!  I give it 24 banana stickers out of 7 drumming monkeys playing the intro to ""In the Air Tonight.""  It's just that good!"
76561198056554910,Recommended,241600,11486681,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,CrisPeeNoah,cool
,Recommended,241600,11505832,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,hatantheclam,"An absurdly fun and addictive experience, Rogue Legacy achieves exactly what it sets out to achieve. This game is simple to start, but incredibly deep as you continue. For every life, you find yourself assessing the situation, and deciding whether or not actions are worth the risk. With a compelling mysteriousness brought by scattered snippets of story, you find a strange urge to press on that battles with a fear of death that is quite powerful despite each life being meaningless in the grander scheme. A hearty reccomend for anyone who enjoys metroidvenia style action platformers, or even people who enjoy the more tactical resource management that is brought by games like dark souls."
76561198025489872,Recommended,241600,11501484,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,"Relyte, relishious rompers",This mod introduces interesting character defects to *every* NPC you meet in Fallout: New Vegas. It adds a humourous charm to the game.
76561198043850610,Recommended,241600,11479668,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,superbobbay,"Can't Stop playing, very addictive. It is a grinding game, but its fun."
,Recommended,241600,10989976,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,CoffeeBlitz,ecccccchhhh
,Recommended,241600,10990416,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,elibrmn,My descendants shall avenge me!Okay the next one will!Lousy dead descendants.This is getting rediculous.If I didn't need them to pass over I would be so through with them.
,Recommended,241600,10990769,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ryotokumoto,excellent!
,Recommended,241600,10992025,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,epic,"I have spent rather little time with this game, but through out the entire game I have been enthralled by the game. Such a great game to use as either a short little play session to even a long grind session. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes extremely addictive games!"
,Recommended,241600,10992394,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Chillerist,"It took 2500 yrs in game / 244 ascendants to eliminate the Traitor. As I thought that it was all over, NG+ showed up, which cost me another 1500 yrs in game to beat the Traitor again.And YES, NG+2. Remix Bosses drive me crazy!"
76561198034465298,Recommended,241600,11027551,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,xdrizzitx,"its an endless grind with no way to lessen the punishment at starting levels you die in two or three hits. Just buy darksouls. Fireballs/iceballs glitch through surfaces they exploded against seconds ago, mobs hit you when they shouldn't platforms fail to open properly when downstabbed, low levels can get rooms that you can ""skip"" if you can get through 20-30 mobs that all fling fire and all the walls are covered with spikes aka you can't and end up dieing and rolling some♥♥♥♥♥♥character with a loss to all of your gold."
76561198081849883,Recommended,241600,11106580,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,The_Owl,I really love games likes this. Slow buildup into better and better upgrades always pulls me in. I bought this game on the Summer Steam sale for next to nothing and have enjoyed every second of play since. 10 of 10 would buy again.
76561197994830268,Recommended,241600,11106589,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,BayBoss,This game is very addicting for reasons i cannot explain.... a must buy but beware for how addicting it is :)
76561197966730470,Recommended,241600,11116339,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Iskander Novena,"High-paced, funny, challenging :)"
,Recommended,241600,11117710,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,David,"So Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and Super Ghouls & Ghosts had a secret love child.  Seriously.  This game combines the difficulty of Ghouls & Ghosts with the candle breaking, castle exploration of modern 2D Castlevania games into one crazy rogue-like!A nice twist involves your character.  Each time you die, you enter the castle as one of the previous character's heirs.  Each heir has traits, some good and some bad.  For instance, you die in the castle and are given three choices of your heir.  One of the choices may be a barbarian giant who is color blind.  This would make your character strong, your sprite larger and everything on screen grayscale.  That character dies and the next heir may be a hypochondriac dwarf who displays exaggerated damage numbers when hit and is half the size of the normal character.Graphics:  The art of Rogue Legacy is on par with late 16-bit / early 32-bit 2D platformers.  Colorful palette with well animated pixel art is abundant here.Sound:  Great sound track keeps the player engaged and fits the tone of the castle.  No complaints with the sound effects, though you will most likely hear the first castle music and the death screams quite a bit starting out!Control:  Tight and well executed.  I played using an Xbox 360 wireless controller and found the controls precise and smooth."
,Recommended,241600,11117950,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,vdono146,"Rogue Legacy is one of the most maddeningly addictive games that I have ever played. Essentially, it's a metroidvania in an ever-changing dungeon. Each time you die, the dungeon is reset* and you have to start over from the beginning, except with all the purchases that you have made to improve your character. Each time you die, you choose between a handful of new characters from various classes (some are unlockable) and with various traits. These traits may help, hinder, or annoy you depending on which class they are affecting.The controls are just plain perfect. So many times in this kind of a game you will find that the controls just don't respond exactly how you would like - a slight delay in a jump press or whatnot - but these are just flat out perfect to me. It's a true pick up and play game if you've ever played anything even remotely similar. The overall difficulty of the game is very high but you will find yourself getting better and better. As you improve your character, the enemies and hazards scale, BUT your overall skill will improve as well. The sound effects are good. The music is great, but repetitive because it uses zone-based music. Since each time you die, you have to restart in the first area and navigate through it again in its entirety, it can get old a little bit. Graphics are fun and quality.Overall, I highly recommend the game. I would recommend using a controller for sure, even though with most PC games I'm a KB/mouse person."
,Recommended,241600,10950566,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,God Mode,So fun.
,Recommended,241600,10950698,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ShadowXangeL,Super challenging generational platformer; rewards patience and pattern matching. Even when failing the unique character personalities and addictive game play keep me coming back for more!
76561198094920111,Recommended,241600,10757701,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Carrins,"i recomind tis game,,, is relli gud"
,Recommended,241600,1295105,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Lúthien Tinúviel,A Metroidvania-like Rougelike!  What's not to love?
76561198073942845,Recommended,241600,10758130,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,redshadey,"This game is wonderfully entertaining, with a pure balance of predictability, and a randomly generated castle to explore every round. This platformer is one that reminisces the golden age of platformers. The skill/ability tree is fair, but not to easy to gain advantage over, this game is overall very balanced. It also has a great slice of humor. PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,241600,10758616,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Handsoap,"Rogue legacy is a game which, as the discription says, is a game where ""anyone can be a hero"". ANYONE. whether you are a dyslexic giant battle mage, or a colourblind dextrocardic Lich King. you can win this game, but my god is it hard. i must have lost 50+ lives taking out the first boss, it is a game of trial and error, no doubt about that, but if you are a fan of rogulike  rpg platformers than this is a must buy, and even if you have never played this genre before, it is a must try.11/10 would be an alektrophobic dwarf again"
,Recommended,241600,10759025,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,rstrojan,You die a lot in this game. I feel bad for the generations of pixelated offspring going falling to their death cause I can't figure out how to do a downward attack.
,Recommended,241600,10739267,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kilmarnok,Castlevania + FTL = Rogue Legacy
,Recommended,241600,10739362,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,serenyty,"If you like Roguelikes (and Roguelikelikes) and you like platformers/action games, I totally recommend this. It's very difficult, but the whole persisting upgrades makes things easier and allows you to tailor things to your playstyle. The whole ""legacy"" aspect is a bit gimmicky, but again also allows you to select your character based off playstyle.Again, since it's randomly generated, it allows you to spend a LOT of time playing the game. I've played it for hours and hours and still could go play it again. It's hard to beat this for bang for your buck.Since it's difficult, if you're not a big fan of the genre I might skip this. However, on sale and if you can afford it, you should definitely give this a try."
76561198071029467,Recommended,241600,6633950,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Brewpounder,I wish I had never bought or heard of this game...So I could buy it again and play all over fresh.Love this game.
76561198104349701,Recommended,241600,10739811,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,rickya2611,"This is one of those games you just can't help but keep playing, you'll be frequently♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when a good heir dies but you'll get over it. Playing this reminds me of Ghost and Goblins on how you keep trying to get farther no matter what happens but you never seem to do so. Overall a great game that keeps the fun going no matter how many times you die."
76561198044789089,Recommended,241600,10739902,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tincup,This game is tons of fun. the differnt champion skills you get always keep it entertaining
76561198046477070,Recommended,241600,10739956,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,codykf,Fun game great way to waste time
,Recommended,241600,10740112,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Augerinus,Very addicting!
,Recommended,241600,6360337,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,SUPERFOX5,"Great 2D style platformer adventure game, similar to Metroid-Vania style games that Castlevania games have become! :)"
,Recommended,241600,10855731,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Floattube,"it's a fun game but can get a little grindy, thankfully the random layouts help a lot. i'd only get it on a sale. and for the love of god do not play on keyboard"
76561198049203481,Recommended,241600,10856087,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CTZeal,"Great for fans of Metroidvania gameplay.  The randomized traits add both humor and gameplay variety as you progress through the generations.  Being forced to lose all of your money each time you re-enter the castle provides a nice incentive to unlock as many upgrades as possible.  The story is merely serviceable, but ultimately it's all about the gameplay, and this game is a hell of a lot of fun."
,Recommended,241600,10856096,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ry_arwai,"I was looking for a game that's pretty drop-in/drop-out and this game is perfect.  Yet, I like that each playthrough feels important because you have to constantly get better to gain enough coins for your castle/weapon/armor/etc improvement...otherwise the playthrough amounts to a bust.  This keeps each play exciting."
76561198042185457,Recommended,241600,4822436,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,DestroyedOrc,Super hard at the start but after 2 hours it'll be one of your favorite games!
,Recommended,241600,10856566,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,snotty,really good game.  was good for the sale price.
76561198024271911,Recommended,241600,10857184,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,blemons23,This game is amazing. It brings me back to the old school platforming days. The random traits and afflictions help to keep it fresh. I recommend using a controller for this title. A must buy for any gamer!
,Recommended,241600,10857215,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nadrojiskool,"This game is suprisingly satisfying. I love the challenge the game provides as well as the leveling system which is also extremely satisfying. It's my first time playing a game like this and I love making a run with my heir to try and build up my lineage.Only small problem I have is that I wish you didn't take damage from overlapping with enemies. When trying so hard to time everything and avoid all the attacks I always find it extremely frusterating when I just accidently get a little too close when going in for the strike and take damage. This is amplified when there are a ton of enemies on the screen and a lot going on.I mean, he already swung his big fat heavy sword at me.. and missed. Shouldn't he be vulnerable? Why must I also take damage just because I want to give him a little hug before I murder him. (Obviously the eyes and the likes I don't mind proximity damage x.x; it's all they can do.)"
76561198012271999,Recommended,241600,10857433,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,I'll_Destroy_You,I highly recommend this game. i lost many hours to it. and will most likely lose more when i decide to return.
,Recommended,241600,10857682,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rahabib,"Insanely difficult. You will die every 10 seconds.  Yet, its still fun somehow."
76561198081488901,Recommended,241600,10857775,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,hays.taylor,"Strangely addicting, though also infinitely irritating. I'm not very good at this, but I still find myself playing. Very fun."
76561198047733513,Recommended,241600,10858354,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rainbow Randolph,Highly recommend this game. The gameplay is great and the character customization is a nice touch with the different armor and abilities. Some of the boss battles are pretty tough for a casual gamer but still a great experience overall. Buy this game!
,Recommended,241600,10859061,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,scarforce01,Amazingly Good!
,Not Recommended,241600,10858554,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Meat Missile,Apes other good games but fails to capture what made those games fun.
,Recommended,241600,10859823,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Futurium,"Overall it's a pretty good game and I'm glad I bought it during a sale. It's pretty rage inducing, but the fact you don't die complety is awesome. I like the fact it's sorta like the movie, ""The Edge of Tomorrow,"" where the main character keeps dieing, but learns from his past life what not, and what to do. Obvisouly this isn't a movie review so i'll stoping reviewing the movie and get back to the game. To conclude I will say it is quite fun, and challenging but has a great concept to it. 8/10"
76561198080763768,Recommended,241600,10860115,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,superdemonking,"This game is a blast. If you are looking for a challenging, addicting, and pretty witty game, this is it. Every character that you start a ""legacy"" with has their own little extra effects to them. Some are hilarious while others make you question why you even made them at all. Overall I am having a ton of fun. 9/10"
,Recommended,241600,10860477,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rockalot,Rogue Legacy ruined my life. 10/10
,Recommended,241600,10861077,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,mugabuga,You should probably get the Shinobi if you suck♥♥♥♥♥♥like me
,Not Recommended,241600,10896311,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,King Seesar,It's has a high learning curve but the most annoying thing to me is that you have to replay the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial every time you start a new save. I know how to play the ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561198121722849,Recommended,241600,10896891,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,fistation2,Its a great game and with randomness factor you can replay it over and over again
,Recommended,241600,10897473,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,HAP,i kill my descendants better than i kill a moving painting11/10 would play again
,Recommended,241600,8712193,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,beardedspectre,"This game is simply brilliant. It combines nearly endless replay value with relatively short dungeon runs, an insane upgrade tree, multiple classes and maladies, armor, and weapons to create quite possibly the perfect retro platformer/RPG. The Dualshock 4 controller works perfectly and allows the game (for me, at least) to be a lot more fun."
,Recommended,241600,8713662,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,toastLMAO,"You may think double digits is expensive for a 2D sprite side scroller, but the replay value for this game is outstanding - even once the game is completed a new game+ gives you yet another level of replay.The art is beautifully done, as is sound design and music, variety is top notch - like the sprites would suggest it is reminiscent of the golden age of gaming where the entire game would be filled with references and fun things - will probably not be enjoyed by your new Call of Duty ""I got a UAV airstrike"" gamer, but anyone who enjoys games as a medium, as an experience will enjoy this.I got Rogue Legacy on sale, and if it's on sale and you're humming and erring about it, then I hope this interview pushes you to get it - some of the best money I've spent (although the game was not really enjoyable until I purchased a gamepad)"
76561198014981589,Recommended,241600,8614817,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,john.sumners,"This is a good game to causally play. Fans of Ghost & Goblins must get this. In the begining it is very tough. Invest in more health, improved damage, and equipment and it gets better and the game world slowly gets bigger and new abilites are earned too. I honestly don't like to grind so I play this game for 15 minute stints, still a fun game."
,Recommended,241600,8715169,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,skywalker6705,"Rogue Legacy is described by the developers as a Rogue-like Lite. And this is an incredibly apt moniker. The game resembles the Infinity Blade series, or Dark Souls, involving a central conciet of repeatedly assulting the Castle generation after generation in the name of the king.The comparisons to those two titles end there however. Rogue Legacy employs a randomized castle each time your enter, delivering a relatively fresh challenge for the majority of a playthrough. Upon death, you can spend your well-earned gold on fortifying your estate (Raising Stats and unlocking classes) or on new weapons and enchantments you discovered within. However all gold (at first) is given up upon entering the castle grounds each round.This premise in itself would be an amusing and well crafted Rogue-like that beginners could latch onto. What catapults Rogue Legacy into the spotlight is their lineage system. Each time you fail, your character is forever lost, and the story continued by their children. Their incredibly genetically diverse children. Each child typically carries one or two distinct traits, ranging from near-sightedness, vertigo, and colorblindness, to incredible options such as hypergonadism, ectomorphism, and ADHD. Most all of these traits are at worst a slight disadvantage (except vertigo...), which others can offer surprising benefits you learn along the way. Discovering the effects is half the fun as you explore, and the first time I learned what Dementia did was a shocker.But charm and design aside, the randomly generated dungeons do eventually wear thin, and as you approach endgame the traits that amuse you will also frustrate slightly, as you shuffle through child afte child and push through a punishingly difficult final boss. The game is enjoyable, and a great challenge. While a bit shallow on long term content, it is absolutely a title one can enjoy for many hours and put away satisfied. Even if you never do figure out what it means that your children ""conduct electricity well""..."
,Recommended,241600,8717778,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,willframe,yes it's fun it's challenging it's always random and sometimes abit funny
,Recommended,241600,8718016,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,SamSpade,One of the best games I have played in a long time. Great level of detail has gone into this and with the add-on which came just recently made it even more of a must have. The classes help mix things up with gameplay and progression and the customisation of how you level up and equip yourself really makes you think about your next move. The added humour of the traits makes it all the more enjoyable too.
,Recommended,241600,8761133,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ian.4200,Deserves more recognition.
76561197969505476,Recommended,241600,8761373,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,magiic,This game is criminally addictive and an essential buy if you have a controller to use with Steam.
,Recommended,241600,8764663,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,StringGaige,"Sure, at first glance Rogue Legacy appears to be an insanely hard action/platformer/RPG game. Health items are minimal and and even some enemies can kill you in the blink of an eye. But as you improve over time, your experience will become much more enjoyable by the second as you try to gain as much gold/runes/item blueprints as possible while fighting against enemies of all difficulties and sizes. Although Rogue Legacy takes no mercy, the fast-paced and solid gameplay will keep you going back for more even if your last life may have lasted no more than a minute. Great game indeed. Just bring a proper game controller with you and don't throw your computer/laptop out the window."
,Recommended,241600,8764857,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,[SoW] The Camera man,"You can really play this game for hours upon hours and not achieve anything. I have played the game for 10 hours and i still have not beaten the first boss in the game. The game has it's pros and cons, like most games do. Rouge legacy is a action platformer that has you a randomly generated sibling who is destined for greatness put at the front of a large castle known as castle hamson. At the start of the game you play a realtive who has to assassinate a king. after this objective is complete thats when the real fun starts. After you finish the opening which serves as a tut for brand new players, you are thrown back into the game where you started, but things are a little different. You go into the castle and the rooms are randomly generated so you can play a level for hours and have different rooms. In this castle you are a chacrter who is completely stock. You start by killing monsters such as skeletons that throw bones at you or a mage that castes three fireballs in you direction. While you kill these monsters you will pass breakable chairs and tables and such things, breaking these will produce one of four options. one of the options is that it will give you gold, two other options are food which restores health and potions which restore mana. The last option is you get nothing, because you suck. The combat in this game is very simple to learn but the only thing that upsets me is that when you go for a pogo stick move it is a little difficult, but the game has a option to fix it so it is less difficult for us ""less intelligent"" folk.  The monsters however are not as forgiving. The stock chrarcter you start off with only has 100 health and the monsters do a heavy hitting 29 damage and even if you touch them it damages you. once you die for the first time you are brought to a menu where it has three of your siblings to choose from. Choose wisely for once you choose a child there is no turning back. All the children have unquie abilites that are also randomly generated. You can have a mage that can't cast his spells correctly, or have a knight who has itteratble bowel syndrom. The possiablites are almost endless. Once you have choosen a chrarcter you are brought to another menu where it shows your gold in one corner of the screen and gives a list of options on how to spend your gold. You can buy a smith who makes new armor for you, a enchantree who can add runes (special ability stones) to your equipment, and you can buy a man who operates a giant nail! once you are done with that you meet the worlds richest demon, Charon. He waits by the start of where you enter and you must talk to him to pass. he says he will let you pass if you give him all your gold you must agree in order to get past, or you might aswell unistallright now you greddy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I don't want to spoil the whole game to you right in this review so I am going to day good bye to all of you reading this and hope you have fun playing this game."
,Recommended,241600,8768520,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Spook Duke Space Gook,This game is something else.......in a good way
,Recommended,241600,8768836,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,HoodedAnimal,"Very fun, challenging game. I love the Metroidavnia style, and the ability to play for a long or short time if you want. Definitely worth the $15. Always find myself coming back for more. Been playing it for a while now and still only beat the first boss. That's how challenging it is."
76561197995591868,Recommended,241600,8864587,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Darkkow,"great game, challenging at many times, it is possible to build to wide too early and really make it hard to play - so focus alittle on a particular set of synergistic strategies."
76561198057655998,Recommended,241600,8886580,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,ElrickStorm,Really fun. killed 72 hours in under a week. highly recommend it. MSG me if you want more info on if its right for you friends.
76561198032587384,Recommended,241600,8886793,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,yesorno,"Super fun Metroid-vania game, and I don't have a ton of experience in that genre. It's a rogue-like with progression, but every but it hard-earned. Can get grindy in the middle, but I was still having fun throughout. Last boss is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ though."
76561198032970410,Recommended,241600,7593980,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Maxwell Demon,"A friend said to me, ""You only like it because it's basically indie Dark Souls."" Not a bad thing at all. This is the kind of platformer I've been searching for: it's brutal, addictive, and brilliant.  Each class is unique and the traits range from helpful to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to hilarious. I hadn't played a game like it before. Get it."
,Recommended,241600,8833956,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,KwazyWabbit,"Really addictive, challenging and fun. Yes you will get angry sometimes, but you always come back for more. Always wanting to get further and further."
,Recommended,241600,8834812,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Dodger,I don't deal with kids ~ Michael Cheston
,Recommended,241600,1416407,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Buhlaine,Very enjoyable metroidvania-esq game. Hours of gameplay and a massive skill tree make for good replayability.
76561198032736491,Recommended,241600,8835443,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ウサギ of The Stars,Phenominal.
76561198048912581,Recommended,241600,10917149,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,iam91121,Good game to play for awhile.  Really fun when you first start.  Starts to get tiring and repetitive after about 7-10 hours in.  Would recommend playing it though.
,Recommended,241600,10917666,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Etsa,"This game... This game is amazing! You will start to play this game and never stop.When you first start the game you are just an average weak adventurer, who enters the castle and meets his demise.Your child (Glorified Respawn) is then sent in after you.Here is how it works, when you die you get a choice of 3 children to pick from. Each one of them is different and some have perks and others have disabilities such as being color blind, or clumsy. Which is cool because some of the traits are helpful and make for some good fun.Whenever you die you keep all of your money from your last life, which you can then spend on upgrading your Manor (Base/Skill Tree) which permantely upgrades your characters from then on. However you have to spend all your money before going back into the castle otherwise the gatekeeper takes it all away for that life. (so you cannot just farm the first few rooms.)This is great because you have to PLAY good still to buy the more expensive upgrades, but every time you play you can usually upgrade one of your stats or abilities that makes it so you can go even farther into the castle. Every time you play you are a bit stronger than before.The game is super hard at first but as you play you will get new abilities and powers and stats that will make it easier, but of course it can still be hard. The deeper you go into the castle the harder it gets and the more rooms you go through the enemies get stronger.This game is punishing and rewarding, it feels amazing to go on a good run and succeed and make enough money for some upgrades. There is a lot of collectable items. Such as Runes and Armor and the game is just really really addicting.You will always think to yourself... ""Next time I will upgrade my health, or maybe my strength.. or maybe my defense, or maybe I should buy some new armor.""You die,  you upgrade, you die, you upgrade.You keep going farther and farther until you can challenge the bosses and beat them.It's hard to say in words how good this game is, but the controls are spot on, fluid, and fast. You can double, triple and even quadruple jump, then mid-air dash out of the way of enemies.The game is really really good and there is so many different classes and strategies and so much replayability.This could be one of my favorite games of all time. 10/10."
76561198048672955,Recommended,241600,10917692,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dr. Tungsten,The incest is strong with this one.
76561198007429222,Recommended,241600,10918448,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,WINNAR,"Fun game, 9/10.The only major problem I have with the game is how the tech tree scales.To optimize your tech tree spending you have to be very focused on what you want to do from the get go.This is not very friendly to the new player, especially since the new player does not know the full tech tree without firstgetting upgrades.This is really nitpicky and only those who feel bad when they aren't optimizing properly will actually be put off by this."
76561198059300210,Recommended,241600,10918855,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MartianMatt,Easily one of the best games I have ever played. It's simple but hard with insane replayability.
,Recommended,241600,10920030,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sqeaver,"Bought this game on a whim during the Summer Sale (also at the recommendation of a friend) and was not disappointed. I tend towards single-player games with high replayability these days and this is the perfect game for that purpose. It's easy to pick up and easy to put down, with variable lifespans dependant on character selection and play style. Although, it is highly recommended to have a controller for this game (the game can be frustrating enough, let alone using a keyboard).With controller: 4.5 out of 5With keyboard: 2.5 out of 5"
,Recommended,241600,10920778,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,joshuaok,Rogue Legacy reminds me of how much i like platformers. Replay is good.
,Recommended,241600,10920946,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Zakzak,"Love: action roleplaying platformer. Addicting. Dungeon crawling. Humour. Awesome.Dislike: can be tough at the start, can easily lead to some frustration. But that is what makes it so enticing."
,Recommended,241600,843631,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Party2Hardy,"A classic retro-style sidescroller in the vein of Metroid and Castlevania, but with a roguelike twist. As you play, each character who succeeds the last will grow stronger, have better equipment, and more at his or her disposal from the ancestor who came before. Significantly challenging, yet it keeps you coming back for more. An excellent game all around."
,Recommended,241600,10921926,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,NGP J33BUZ,its like castlevania
,Recommended,241600,10922284,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,King Bong,"Love this game. Good, responsive controls, tough but fair difficulty, nice graphics and fun character traits.Would highly recommend this to anyone who likes the 2d castlevania games."
76561198023292931,Recommended,241600,10583849,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CCTFW,Really good game which you can spend either hours with or minutes of time each time you play
76561198029205792,Recommended,241600,10922806,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,blakerja,I wholeheartedly recommend this gane. The whole family got into trying to earn more money for upgrades each time. Skill and item trees are excellent. Very challenging. Prepare to die. A lot. Names and traits are also very funny and well done.
,Recommended,241600,10910874,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,KevKingoftheSea,"This game is a good time killer - each life goes by pretty quickly, and it's got enough silliness and variation to keep things interesting."
76561198122030395,Recommended,241600,10911630,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dex,An awesome rogue-lite game with a classic feel
76561197994145876,Recommended,241600,1521661,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Diphthong Snickersnee,Compulsive masochistic fun.
76561198099251597,Recommended,241600,10915111,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Top floor in the velvet elevator,Absolutley brilliant platforming action with RPG elements and a dash of well tuned humour - a perfectly polished game!
,Recommended,241600,10915146,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Reelacks,"Took me a few rounds to get used it, but now I'm addicted."
,Recommended,241600,10915952,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jonobrow,"Beware the Bald Flatulent Dwarf!If you looking for a great but challenging RPG experience with great humour and lots of replayable value then look no further than Rogue Legacy!Boasting a unique experience with each life, the map will change and heroes will have different abilities and traits to change each excursion into Castle Hanson.While the difficulty curve can be a little overwhelming, it makes up for it by quickly getting you back into the action with a chance that maybe this time round you will have an easier ride.The multiplayer adds even more to the game by adding 4 player co-op which can make this game a fun experience for you and your friends.Overall 8/10"
76561198036139264,Recommended,241600,11341093,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,zeketheplmbr,"Frustratingly difficult yet completely addicting. Never thought I'd say those two things at once while highly recommending a game, but that is what is happening. Buy this."
76561197981897153,Recommended,241600,8209984,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Worth,Best game EU.
,Recommended,241600,8210175,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TheNoodleIncident,Rogue Legacy is crazy hard but addictively fun. It's best played with a controller.
,Recommended,241600,8210241,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,jimmcq,"Definitely fun, especially with a controller.  If you ever see this on sale, I recommend checking it out."
,Recommended,241600,8210466,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Fixer48202,Very smooth and fun relaxing game. Would recommend
76561198006397610,Recommended,241600,2365460,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,ducky_boy,"A really sweet♥♥♥♥♥game that throws you to the dogs if you don't learn fast. Great for those who like to spend large quantities of gold after a succesful run and no matter what anyone tells you, choosing a favourite prodigal son/daughter is the name of the game."
,Recommended,241600,8211252,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Geon,"Rogue Legacy is a very simplistic game but is very addictive, unlike most games with this formula, Rogue Legacy is just ONE price and gives you a much better sense of satisfaction when you can afford a new upgrade or a new type of character. The game may seem like on big grind but that's far from the truth, the game is fun to play with very tense moments at times.The amount of variation per ""heir"" is really quite amazing, with a lot of variety with some having huge effects like turning the screen upside down, to your heir being afraid of chickens.The randomized castle layouts add a lot of well needed variety to the game too, and there's that word again, variety.The only downside is that sometimes I just lose my drive and interest to keep going on if I keep dying with only a couple hundred gold.I'd give Rogue Legacy a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,241600,8211753,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,AtomicToyRobot,"At first when I saw game play for Rouge Legacy I wasn't to impressed. It wasn't the visuals or the concept that didn't impress me it was the gameplay seemed to easy and uninspiring.And then I played it, and let me tell you I was completely wrong. I found myself sinking an hour of my time in before I had to leave for work and when time came to shut down and head out I wish I had more time to keep playing! Great old school challenge with some nice visuals and fairly tight controlls.Worth adding to your library."
,Recommended,241600,8211963,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Rat,"This game is pretty darn good.Some of the random rooms are just *brutal*, mind you, and like most permadeath games, can be just unfair.Also: the game is much easier with a controller. It's made for it. Do yourself the favour."
,Recommended,241600,8212008,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,o1dn1n3,goooooood
,Recommended,241600,8212291,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Selth Blackwings,"This is an awesome game, pretty much one of the best dungeon exploration game I have seen. It is pretty unique in the way it manages difficulty and has a very new gameplay. hours of fun to be had!"
,Recommended,241600,2671447,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,EEN,BECOME THE HEARO YOU WERE BORN TO BE or at least a coulor blind dwarf with IBS. From the makers of the clasic don't♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants comes rouge legacy. Tight platforming and solid controls this platformer plays like a gem. The goal is simple get money so you can get better gear and abilities so you can get more money. Highly addictave and delectibly difficult this will leave you salivating for more.
76561198033821615,Recommended,241600,8220910,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,PossumElite,"Probably the greatest Rogue-Like ever to hit steam! Very very fun gameplay, and an amazing between-game system to get small upgrades for every next playthrough. Game starts off very hard but gets more reasonable as you upgrade and progress. Very hilarious dialogue and classes as well! Nothing but good things to say about this game."
76561198002972297,Recommended,241600,2144201,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,takoom,"This game is hard, like die an have your child take over just to die as well hard. That is literally what the game is. Hard... but fun as hell!You start the game with nothing an slowly build your Manor up as well as unlock new weapons and runes. These upgrades then get passed down to your children when you die, and this happens a lot.There are also many diffrent classes and traits your children can pick up as you progress. You were a Paladin, your kids then can come out as anything from a mage to a Ninja with any kind of trait in between.I would say a must buy, but have the same mentality going into it as Dark Souls."
,Recommended,241600,8221359,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,LoganWhite5,I would recommend this game to anyone! The castle always offers new surprises once it changes and the bosses and enemies offer a variety of challenges. A must buy!
,Recommended,241600,8221726,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,eiren,"This is really bloody good and addictive. Seems impossible at first, but once you start gaining better gear and powers you get a head start.Plus I always wanted flatulant, bearded, colourblind children."
,Recommended,241600,8222452,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Djeordjes[Fr],Bouuuuuuuuuh yaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Recommended,241600,8224332,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,kallussed,"Fun game if you love to hate your stupid thumbs :)  Really hard, and random, and awesome!"
,Recommended,241600,8225493,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Snufkin,This game is hilarious and really good fun to play. The procedural element keeps it fresh and despite the fact it's hard as nails you still keep going back for more run throughs. The humour is brilliant and some of the traits are really clever and implemented well. Easily worth the £3.95 I paid for it.
,Recommended,241600,8225731,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,GuigZ,"Muito dificil e muito viciante, vale a pena"
76561198006262643,Recommended,241600,8225892,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sup3rDave,"Very fun, prepare to die.....a lot"
76561198000023102,Recommended,241600,10948380,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,EnigmaticBen,Freakin' fantastic!
,Recommended,241600,10947241,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,moochu2,Buy it cheap. Decent game. Very repetitive and grindy and hard as hell at lower levels. As you grind and grind and grind all of a sudden the game gets pretty easy. Could use a better upgrade system and some puzzles (which there are close to none of)Very important: Only play this game with a controller.
,Recommended,241600,10962277,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,hellkat2000,Fun game but very difficult.
,Recommended,241600,10962371,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,phoenixbetrayal,THe best way i can describe this game is a combination between the first mega man and someone's twisted genetics experiment. I say this in the best possible way. This game is incredibly difficult and frustrating in the best possible way. If you have not yet subjected yourself to this game...do so immediately and you will not regret your purchase.
76561198057171743,Recommended,241600,10962402,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kung Führer,"this game was amazing now it wont even start when i launch it in steam or when i double clicl the application, wtf do i do?"
,Recommended,241600,10963009,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AMAtmojo,"This game is one of a kind. It has all the elements a rougue like-game should have.The game starts off slowly with a intro off the game, with you just breaking simple and easy objects, and learning the basic controls, but when you finish the prolouge you dive into the world of Rogue Leagacy.You are first greeted with a family tree where you can choose the hero who shall inherit the throne of your predecesor. Then after that a skill tree with many and different areas of a certain skill which you can choose to improve or absoulutely ignore. To improve these skills you must earn gold like in any rpg like game, and once you increase a skill your level as well increases which makes enemies and mobs have their level increased as well.Once, you start playing and start searching around the castle you are welcomed with vibrant and rogue like colors as well as a unique and interesting placement for each and everyone of the rooms of the castle. There you are greeted with many unique monster that you will see again and again in other parts of the castle.Now in the beginning you might find the controls a little stiff, but if you use a game controller that will enhance your ability to move around with ease.Actually im going to stop here because there are so many details about the game that will take forever to describe. The game is filled with so much adventure that you will pratically become adidcted to and never stop playing just for one sitting and the game cost only a measly 15 dollars. The game really lives up for the title of Rogue Legacy with a story and adventure that will leave such a great experience in your mind that you will always come back to it. My rating for this game is 9.5/10 and if you find 15 dollars expensive for a game like this, wait for a sale and then buy. AND if you still don't buy this game i will go to your house and ***********************************************, so just buy this game."
76561198003028179,Recommended,241600,10963099,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jaymzlee,"This game is hilarious and infuriating, not for the faint of heart. For those that enjoy hilariousness and can take repeated failure/deaths. you won't be disappointed"
,Recommended,241600,10963868,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,denpanosekai,"I don't think I can add anything that the other reviews haven't pointed out so far. There are TONS of positives to this game. Great retro graphics, fast load times despite the huge castle, challenging difficulty and extremely addictive upgrade/unlock system which'll have you coming back for ""just one more"" hours on end. There are so many elements to the gameplay system but everything is introduced gradually and it never gets overbearing. Excellent pacing.On the flipside, some of the music is pretty boring and gets old fast, especially the castle theme. Controls are mostly good but not on par with the Japanese-style pixel precise platforming action you might be used to. For instance pressing the opposite direction + attack might result in a front attack while moving backwards, which is not what you normally want. Jumps are a bit floaty, missing a bit of that good ol' gravity. Some of the ""bullet hell"" sections (mainly a couple bosses) are downright impossible to get out of without taking heavy damage. Finally don't make the same mistake as I did and play Rogue Legacy at the same time as Shovel Knight because the downthrust is a slightly different button combination and you WILL mix them up.I've been waiting a long time for a game like this. I'm really hoping the devs have a sequel in the works, with more of the same. I'll be there day one, no questions asked."
,Recommended,241600,10965283,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SwagginsBaggins,One of the best Roguelike games ive played in a long time. Its right up there with SpelunkySOOO GOOD
,Recommended,241600,6818809,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Dracotaka,Rogue Legacy is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Play the demo. Buy it. 10/10
76561198023490380,Recommended,241600,10965913,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Abyss Raider,Truly awesome game! It's about time someone brought back the true meaning of a 'Roguelike'! Worth every penny!
,Recommended,241600,10967169,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Albus,Pretty addictive and fun to play. A very original idea too. Great game.
76561198044771093,Recommended,241600,10970809,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,riskmaker33,"very reminiscent of Castlevania SotN, the gameplay is solid, the art is nice, but the randomness... it's part of the experience, but it can be a bit exhausting.Great game, deserves the raving reviews."
76561197987416666,Recommended,241600,10972364,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,KillaBee,"One of my favorite games.If we are heading out for a night and I am ready to go early, one round of this is short enough that I can get it in before the wife is ready to go.It's on of those games you can sit down and play for 10 minutes or for more than an hour, and it's always fun!"
76561198086681273,Recommended,241600,10972547,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shades4ever,"This is an incredibly addicting game.  While it is difficult, you just keep going back into the castle to find more blueprints, runes, and money.  The more powerful you get, the farther you go, and the cycle repeats.  Please note that you will die a lot."
,Recommended,241600,10973016,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MKM,"A challenging game that rewards you for dying, it's a great entry in the roguelike genre.Also you can play as a dwarf mage with irritable bowel syndrome 10/10"
76561198018739392,Recommended,241600,10973262,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Lexi Belle,Rogue Legacy is a fantastic game! It's like if you combine binding of issac with knights and swords a skilltree and 5 bosses in a random castle. This is a instant buy if you ask me. i was even lucky to snatch it for 3.5 euro on a steam sale. and that just made it even better.Rating.This game is long! and i mean long!. You can easily get more than 40-60 houres into this and still be intertained.It requires skill to gain the money you need to upgrade your skilltree in the game but when you get the hang of it you just keep  playing.This game gets a solid 9/10 from me. The only down fall ive been getting is a little motionsickness i dont know if thats just because ive been sick. but still 9/10 its a must own from my side
,Recommended,241600,10978577,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Cultural Warrior,A Rouge's Legacy:1 part Castle Crashers1 part Castlevania1 part Dark Souls3 parts Time VortexRecommended if you have time spilling out of your pockets and you'd like to alleviate that burden.
,Recommended,241600,11291962,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Deadeye Duncan,One word: Addicting!
,Recommended,241600,11292213,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Friendly_Mugger,"As a fan of rogue-likes and 2-D side scrollers of yesteryear, Rogue Legacy does a great job of bringing the two together in a game with a simple premise while maintaining a challenging experience.  For other massochists like myself, this is a must buy, and at 14.99 normally, it's a great buy.Sometimes, the controls are a little too picky, but that's expected from the play style.  Also, some of the traits are rather punishing.  If you can do well with a character with the vertigo trait, then my hat's off to you."
76561198028034371,Recommended,241600,8249113,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,gankutsuou04,"Easily one of my favorite roguelikes for some time. Featuring all the challenge of randomized dungeons and tricky enemy and trap configurations, it boosts a fun and rewarding level up mechanic that helps curb the difficulty and helps with the problem of some roguelikes where a failed run sometimes feels like a waste of time. With a diverse set of character classes and a rich new game plus mode that steps up the challenge after your first or second playthrough, I definitely recommend this game.Only qualm would be that the bosses often feel like the least difficult parts of the game, leaving a lot of playthroughs offering more challenge on the journey to the boss instead of the boss itself. Hopefully the update will fix that."
,Recommended,241600,8250159,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jack Daniels,"... I don't know why this is fun, considering how much I suck at it, but it is. Anyway, prepare to have a few millenia worth of generations of children just utterly getting wasted on something as stupid as opening this one fairy chest."
,Recommended,241600,3983404,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,CockyKyle,Loads of fun. Reminds me of a 2D version of Dark Souls
,Recommended,241600,8229070,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Trevor,Castlevania meets Binding of Isaac. A basic and very well done Action-RPG. Full of nostalgia.
,Recommended,241600,8229196,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Strict Nein,"Fantastic Game, only concern is how long it takes to get going, plus I feel like progression will take a long time regardless of skill. My other issue is that turning and attacking are mutually exclusive, therefore, if you turn to attack and hit attack first, you won't turn. I've died on several occasions because of this"
76561197991828505,Recommended,241600,1346382,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,juicebox,"A unique Castlevania game that includes upgrades, random character classes, traits, and abilities on each life (literally, everytime you die you play as your heir), and a lovely equipment and enchantment system. It works beautifully on the controller, and has had me playing for hours.If you ever liked Castlevania or Metroid, give this a try."
,Recommended,241600,8230257,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Zamzara,Much dungeon. So addict. Many hours.
,Recommended,241600,8230507,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,sanjuro,"Combines many of the best elements of 2D action games such as Castlevania and Metroid (among many others), mixes in some bullet hell segments and lays it all on a rougelike foundation.  There is a leveling system where your characters gradually get stronger over the course of your restarts, and every time you do start over you pick from three random ""descendants"" of your last character, each with their own unique benefits and quirks.  One of the best games I have played in 2013, and I will certainly be putting more time into it in 2014 as well."
,Recommended,241600,6227905,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Untoasted-Bread,"Definately one of the most fun games I've played for PC! The replay value of the game is very high, because the mansion changes with every life lost and with chests and valuables all around, why WOULD you get tired of the game?!? The controls are very simple, and is optimal with the use of an Xbox 360 controller. If you dont have this game, INVEST IN IT! You will NOT be sorry!!!"
,Recommended,241600,8230652,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TurmoilX,"Insanely addictive, this is a clever turn on the rogue genre. Found myself playing it late into the night on work days. Just hard to put down. And I'm mostly a FPS gamer."
76561198040298590,Recommended,241600,8230732,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Godzillaman,"Great game. While tough, its sense of humour is top-notch and the metroidvania style of gameplay is really addicting."
,Recommended,241600,8231059,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Bassmaster,Excellent game. Most fun I've had with a game in I don't know how long. Great replay value. I've played 25+ hours and I'm not even close to being bored with it. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,241600,8231542,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Juvenall,"Rogue Legacy is the sort of game I want to hate. The game play is hard, some enemy sometimes positioned in ways that don't feel fair, the random room setup means fewer memory reactions, and the bosses can feel brutally overpowered. The problem here is that the fast action, generous rewards, and enjoyable play style result in hours of fun. From quick 5-10 minute games to eating up entire afternoons, this game has been a blast."
76561198059957428,Recommended,241600,8231589,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,claudia,Great game. Very addicting
,Recommended,241600,8231598,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,JustAGamerFan,"Storm the castle, defeat the guards, claim the loots... death by spikes... oops? Oh, upgrade and try again! But this time, try to take on the boss... die... dangit. Again!This game will have you entertained for hours for this simple reason; trying to reach further into the castle as you try and uncover its secrets. With no two attempts the same (with all the different traits your descendants can have) You're bound to find that some traits are certain doom, some are just for laughs, like the ""illiterate"" trait, while others like the ""anti-spike trap"" and ""knockback"" trait are pure heaven. So go ahead and give it a try for yourself. If you enjoy 2D platformers, I'm sure you'll enjoy this. =)"
,Recommended,241600,8231846,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Doc,"A fine sense of humor, sharp gameplay, and a lust for gold all make this game a must-have for anybody who loves to hate themselves. It rewards patience over craziness, and planning over haphazardness. And it does so with gold, gold, and more gold."
,Recommended,241600,8231860,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Uslaite,"Although BRUTALLY hard when using a keyboard, this game is truely a work of art in its mechanics, The only thing really wrong about it is the difficulty and how the bosses are just reskins of normal enemies, just larger"
,Recommended,241600,8232107,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dopey,"A simple roguelike with the difference of added progression. Each run through gains you gold which you can buy new gear, runes, or upgrades to your castle which add stats and other bonuses to your character for your run through, including unlocking new classes. When you die you pick from 3 or 6 heirs once you get an upgrade to reroll and run through the generated map. Each heir can have crazy stats like vertigo which reverses everything so you are upside down or even color blind where everything is black and white, along with useful traits like dwarfism which makes it easier to get into some secret places. It is difficult even after I have been through it countless times, and each time you start a run you lose all your gold unless you get an upgrade which reduces it to 50% at max level. You can also tallk to an architect which will save your last castle but you only get 60% gold, so you can fight the boss again if you want."
,Recommended,241600,8232246,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dex,So much fun! Unique approach to a 2D Platformer RPG!
76561197972360578,Recommended,241600,8232595,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Woodhouse,Insanely addictive game based on classic 2d games.  Its a lot harder than it looks too
76561198068595429,Recommended,241600,6542289,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,BulletForPain,AMAZINGLY ADDICTIVE!
,Recommended,241600,11294346,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Remamian,"Absurdley addicting 2d action platformer! Great feel, amazing play, you'll find your clock moving faster and faster as you get into it. Prefer with controller, but still enjoyable on keyboard, lots of potential to sink hours and hours. Even replay value holds true. ~Remmy"
,Recommended,241600,11786610,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Necromancer1218,This game is one of the most fun games i have played. The stuff that happens in this game will make you at times want to toss it out the window (the second story window) but then you just play again and this time you find all new things even an easter egg or two.
76561198073508946,Recommended,241600,11787816,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Darconious,"Awesome and fun!!! You die, die, and die some more. But you learn your way, you hone your skills and equipment. Learn how to skillfully execute the right moves, as a giant, midget, barbarian, samurai or a magician? Build your castle, one generation at a time. Build your skills, one death at a time. Great game if you don't have the time to play long periods at a time. Because the point is not to survive, but to evolve, and conquer the bosses and the parts of the castle as you die and play. 5/6 arcade platformer, fun!!!"
76561198095817721,Recommended,241600,11788459,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Sv3nman,"An top-notch action RPG. It's mildly hard at the start, but it's certainly no Dark Souls, and a small amount of perserverence will soon have you growing and exploring the various game regions. The randomly created maps, huge amounts of gear and skills, varied characters and high skill ceiling will suck you in for many hours."
,Recommended,241600,11790427,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,YUMEKO,"Rogue Legacy is an incredible game which takes all the great elements of a Metroidvania game and throws permadeath and skill tree type progression into the mix. It is fun, yet challenging; but not to the point of becoming rage inducing - something that most modern games have forgotten how to execute. It pleases the hardcore fans of its niche genre and is capable of introducing new players as well. My only complaint is that the developer is not working on more higher budget projects similar to this."
,Recommended,241600,11604275,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Giles,"Took some time to start to really like this game, but once you get a hang for what exactly in the Sam Neill is a rougelike, then you will start to get it and enjoy it! I dig this gaem. Pls buy"
,Recommended,241600,11605148,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Hidden_Mind,"epic game with great replayability! as you explore though the random castle you will fight, die and earn to unlock new abilitys and amours/magic,  you can custom your hero to be as fast, strong or powerful as you want with."
,Recommended,241600,11593841,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Colinn,"Played the game for 12 hours,started it up again the next day to find that the game had deleted all my progress.EDIT:I logged on the day after that to find that the game had my progress.....So nevermind,great game with good mechanics and quite alot of challenge."
76561198003932371,Recommended,241600,11691171,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,rurouni82,"Anyone who likes Castlevania should enjoy this. It's unforgivably hard without seeming to be so, and provides a lot of replay value while forcing you to switch things up to keep things interesting and enjoy the game to the fullest."
76561198075398663,Recommended,241600,6793727,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,SkookyDooks,Aww yeah time to start a whole new adventure♥♥♥♥♥♥I died well at least my son will carry on the torch for me♥♥♥♥♥♥hes dead too well at least he's got a colorblind gay daughter to continue on for oh♥♥♥♥♥♥shes dead as well well she also has a kid who is a dwarf although how is that even possible she is gay and is married to a woman named margaret oh well what ever oh look at that hes dead too wow look at that like frickin 30 generations of sons and daughters ♥♥♥♥ing dying in this castle shieeeet
,Recommended,241600,11802777,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Xeyvar,"Excellent game for platform-lovers.While it does have a slow start and some patience is required, the level of difficulty isn't too overwhelming ( unless perhaps you challenge the revamped bosses ), and there is that certain satisfaction from beating the game ... 3 times.And though I personally don't think there is too much replay value ( considering I have all of the achievements ), I would reccomend this game to anyone looking for something to play."
,Recommended,241600,12192949,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,AdamJB,"Great game, love the unique character selection."
,Recommended,241600,12193608,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Conzo,420 smoke grace runes erryday10/10 hard as a ♥♥♥♥♥ in january
,Recommended,241600,12194880,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,PillowParty,Something that your children's children's children will remember kinda liking
76561197993212095,Not Recommended,241600,12197130,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ohmi,I guess I'm just not into randomized dungeons and grinding gameplay.
76561198091276991,Recommended,241600,12161402,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,watASHI WA,"A great game that will keep you playing for hours. The original controls are a bit hard to learn at first, but once you pass that this becomes a very rewarding, yet challenging game."
76561198122725214,Recommended,241600,12163282,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,kaleb.fenoir,"Horribly addictive and challenging gameplay. There's times where no matter what I do, I can't get past the first room because how the room is built vs what character I'm playing as makes it impossible. (Small passageway lined with spikes top and bottom, and with me playing a Gigantism Hyperactive Barbarian with no double-jump makes for a bad day). Other times, I map out almost all of the current castle....before doing something stupid like dying to a wall turret I didn't see because it's four screens away.I dropped an entire evening playing this, one night, and didn't even realize it till my alarm went off and I realized it was 2 AM. I'd started at 3 PM.This is a great game and I reccommend it for anyone who wants to play a sidescroller with variety and some thinking involved...and fast reaction times. Damn those wall turrets."
,Recommended,241600,8367779,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hotrod2k82,"Love how different, unique and cool this game is. If you loved Metroid and Castlevania SOTN, you might like this. It is a solid castle crawler but the catch is the castle changes everytime you play through and if you die you play through as an heir or relative of the plast character you played and even they hav their own unique traits. Really good fun cant wait to play more."
,Recommended,241600,8369014,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Bluelizard,"Rogue Legacy is a very fun roguelike with a steep dificulty curve at first. Don't be discouraged though, as your upgrades soon balance out the game nicely. I found using a controller to be much more precise."
76561198016352849,Recommended,241600,8370150,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,GaleofUrine,"There are already plenty of fantastic reviews that describe this game so I'll just make this quick. I lost all my progress as a level 200 due to wiping my computer, and I am still excited to do it all over again. Great frickin game."
,Recommended,241600,8371195,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,dandehaan,Great game! Love the graphics and gameplay. The variety is also tight as heck.
76561198060695884,Recommended,241600,8371772,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,mootley88,Hard but fun.Basically all i can say about this game. You will die and die and die but everytime you die you get better... or worse depending on your progenies traits. If you enjoy difficult games i would definetly give this a go!
76561198017166895,Recommended,241600,8372027,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ChinKilla,"LOVE   THIS   GAME. It's funny, challenging and addictive."
,Recommended,241600,8372377,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,liquidco2,"really enjoyed this game, has that old school platformer feela nice bit of RNG, picked this up more than once"
,Recommended,241600,8373096,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,vunterslaush,"I can appreciate games like Spelunky from a distance, but without some kind of meaningful sense of progression, it's hard to hold my attention for long. Rogue legacy is not a rogue-like, but it gives me exactly what I want out of the genre while also making each death still feel like a tiny step forward. That sense of accomplishment (no matter how small) is incredibly addicting-- I am not ashamed to say I played this for 7 straight hours the first time I booted up the game.I cannot recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,241600,8373164,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Arcade,"Rogue Legacy is an independent PC title that has echoes of many of the best classic themes in gaming, such as those found in Castlevania, 2D side-scrolling titles, and grind-heavy action-RPGs. The soundtrack is a bevy of familiar chiptunes and the controls are sharp for the quick reflexes necessary to survive the ever-changing castle you adventure through. The story, albeit condensed and piecemeal, is interesting enough to make you wonder why you are sending wave after wave of your heirs through the dangers of the castle to find a curse for the beloved King.Full Review:http://videogamewriters.com/review-rogue-legacy-62400"
,Recommended,241600,7978559,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,telfoid,"I enjoyed this game, but after I upgraded everything, and defeating the game 3-4 times, there isn't much point in playing it anymore.Calling the game a ""roguelike"" is a pretty big stretch. Spelunky is better, and much more roguelike than this."
76561197972653340,Recommended,241600,7709435,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Ice-9,"Dis game. Rogue Legacy is the perfect channeling of all things that make something like Castlevania a great series and then adds to it. Being able to choose your child to continue your ""Legacy"" after your death is always exciting because you never know when you might end up with a kid with Gigantism or one who is near sighted, color blind, and has IBS."
,Recommended,241600,7985994,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,liverpoolthree,"This is a hard, but extremely rewarding game.  It feels very much like a throw back to games I played 20+ years ago.  Although it is more forgiving in that you can benefit from your death but, by no means, should you die willingly.Everything about the game is well presented, from the artwork to the story and soundtrack.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,241600,7986236,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,ImSoDan,"This is a very unique game that I'm glad to have stumbled upon.  If you enjoy the MetroidVania genre, or just classic 2D games in general, you can easily get 20+ hours out of this game.  They've also thrown in several great references to some old games that I thought were great.  All around a great purchase."
,Recommended,241600,7987641,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Smurli,From those who made the noteworthy game Don't S**t Your Pants comes the awsome platformer Rogue Legacy. I have now been playng none stop for many hours. It's a game that kicks your a** a lot and you just have to beat it. for all those who like good games and can play something other than FPS. buy this game now and play till you beat it and collect all the acivements.
,Recommended,241600,7987754,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,amaret0,"It is so addictive. Once tried it, you won't let it go.I STRONGLY suggest this game, if you love good old platforming games, then this game is for you."
76561198110561346,Recommended,241600,7988247,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,MasterRedx,onli 4 MLG prough gam3rsMLRL: major league rouge legacy-ing
,Recommended,241600,10110871,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Juzka,"If you are fan of difficult and sometimes even unforgiving games, and want a little bit more challenge to your life (more than just Dark Souls, that is), this is the game to go with. This game will tell you basics, and rest of the game will no hand for you and you shall scroll down further with randomized dungeon every single time, including treasures, traps, enemies and so forth: no dungeon is the same as the previous one's.Also a great game even if you do not own high-end PC in your hands. This game runs even with my average to little laptop that I only have, and doesn't really drop any FPS at all. Recomending to pretty much anyone who enjoys a good 2D platform with challenging traits and little bit of RPG elements."
,Recommended,241600,10113415,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Sef,"One of those games that the only way to progress is to do the same things over and over again. The bosses scale greatly over one another, and the challenge increases pretty fairly from area to area. This game is a gold scramble, so spend it wisely and you'll do well.All in all, Rogue Legacy is a silly game with some story interspersed in itself. The quirky character traits can make the game more lively, but that liveliness may be short lived if you play for too long. Otherwise, great game. Happy playing."
76561198112830070,Recommended,241600,10115130,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Keyman,Awesome Game
76561198070004053,Recommended,241600,6595993,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,AfterShook,Game is good. Devour turkey legs to prolong your lineage. Traits for each new hero are awesome.  9/10 Would buy again.
,Recommended,241600,12003573,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Kihunter,"Ghost n' Goblins, Castlevania, and Dark Souls had a threesome and this is the result.It is marvelous."
76561198059803849,Recommended,241600,12006007,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,WEDEMBOIS,its cool
,Recommended,241600,12113546,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,theheirarchy,"Loved it, simple yet addictive."
,Recommended,241600,12124112,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,MonstroMart,"Rogue Legacy is a relly good game and i enjoyed it a lot. It is the perfect game for short gaming sessions. It's not totally a rogue game tough unless you do NG+ #2, neo bosses and such (at which point you'll probably be maxed or high enough in most of the important stats that you'll have to beat those parts with skills).At the beginning it is hard but since you can level and find new weapons and armors the game and NG+ actually become easy after a while if you grind too much like i did. So don't do the same mistake as i did and don't grind and farm too much.The final boss was really easy for me since i was level 150ish or something (around 100 children i think). Even NG+ so far is easy. So when you reach a new boss room try it instead of farming the unvisited rooms even if you are not full health the game will be more of a challenge later.Still a fun little gem and well worth the price i paid for it. Better than most AAA titles out there."
76561198045479498,Recommended,241600,12125918,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Sugar Skull,"Rogue Legacy is everything great about Castlevania and roguelikes, rolled into one refreshingly challenging and rewarding game. The controls are simple and precise, and the game does an excellent job of forcing you to rely on personal skill rather than just powering your way through with upgrades. The classes offer a considerable variety of play styles, and the spells, though somewhat limited in variety, add depth and complement the classes well. The aesthetic, while simple, is well-executed and unique, while the music is absolutely fantastic and worth purchasing as a soundtrack. Also, don't pick vertigo. NEVER. PICK. VERTIGO."
,Recommended,241600,12123297,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Kumasan,"A very addictive rogue-like. If you begin to play, you will probably end up not having a life at all. Awesomely creative."
76561198081361786,Recommended,241600,12104371,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Rhyne,"Where do I start with this game?It is... wonderful. It combines amazing mechanics, random generation, roguelike gameplay, and spot-on controls to create the greatest rogue I have ever played. the only real dnsides are that you cannot keybind the mouse, it is EXTREMELY difficult (althought this can be seen as an advantage), and the enemies are repetetive.The star of this game is the random generation. not only is the castle randomized every time, but when you die, you get to choose between 3 different heirs that have various different traits, such as baldness, savant, ADHD, and endomorphism, to name a few. all traits have unique effects on how the character plays, and can hugely affect your runs.All in all, this game is most definetely worth 15 dollars. however, be warned: prepare to lose. you will die a LOT.guaran-frickin'-teed."
76561197977224275,Recommended,241600,746456,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Meat 'Ead,"10,000 generations of heros and you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s start humping dragons? How about some gunpowder?! Or just blow up the ♥♥♥♥ing castle!"
76561198045613939,Recommended,241600,11907669,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,boxxkite,fun game
76561197987129752,Recommended,241600,11992276,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Burger Trench,Once you get into it its very addictive!
,Recommended,241600,11995200,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SyntaxErrorReady,"Fun hack slash and loot jump'n run. It is a bit on the hard side, and once you reached max level there is no reason for play any further, but until then, you killed thousands of different monsters, and jumped through hundreds of randomly generated screens. The game is quite hard and unforgiving, but once you understand, that sometimes the setup of a run is in a way that it is harder than in average, you will be entertained."
76561198100410630,Recommended,241600,11995754,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,brousseaujaycee,Keeps the fun of all the classic sidescrolling games of our past. Also makes for a pretty fun hotseat game. Have played for hours laughing at my friends deaths and my own.
76561198043256014,Not Recommended,241600,11985085,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Bjorn,"I do not recomend it for the casual player, there is do diff, slider, and that means you actualy need to train yourself before you will ever beat this game ..."
,Recommended,241600,11990066,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,LuxScientific,♥♥♥♥ing amazing game! Get it!
76561198085695991,Recommended,241600,11991665,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,burkhardtdylan4,This game freaking rocks. Fast paced and a ton of fun to just spend a few hours and play a week.
76561198072586023,Recommended,241600,11970440,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Blishtar,"A rogue-like with persistent progression, Rogue Legacy took some time to get into but after an hour or two, I was hooked. Its hack-and-slash gameplay is reminescent of NES-era Castlevania, with a large variety of enemies and intense swordplay. Mixed with the faster pace of a bullet-hell game, it plays around with the rogue-like formula to set itself apart and become a solid entry into the genre along the also fantastic Binding of Isaac."
76561198025398112,Recommended,241600,11971508,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,theluis,"New dungeon everytime you die............ CHECK!New character and traits each death...... CHECK!Ability to mix and match weapons........... CHECK!Ability to mix and match runes................ CHECK!THIS GAME IS AWESOME! NEVER GETS OLD!BEST PLAYED WITH CONTROLLER!Only flaw...  No steam cloud saving, you lose progress when switching computers.Ahhhh, Maybe one day it will get added.Then it'd be the perfect game to play casually for a few minutes orlet the obsession take root and play for a few hours, no matter which computer."
,Recommended,241600,11973315,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,timothyhale,"If you like Metroidvania themed games, this one takes a cool twist on the idea.  Dynamic castles (unless you lock it), death is painful and easy, and comical.  The final boss encounter is very cool, and really feels rewarding."
,Recommended,241600,11963528,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,BigScary,"Old school gamers will appreciate the challenge - and it's a real challenge, because the bar raises each time you buy an upgrade, so you have to get farther and farther into the castle to continue affording new upgrades (that means no farming!).  Also, mistakes really count - you don't have a lot of health, and you can't just stand in a corner and wait for it to regenerate when you lose some.Since the game randomizes the castle and your hero every time you die, it stays fresh for MANY hours of gameplay.  In my opinion, it's worth way more than the 15 bucks they're asking for it.My review video:{LINK REMOVED}bit.ly/ggep4"
76561197983360985,Recommended,241600,971794,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Gul Dukat,Dark souls meets castlevania gone roguelike. What's not to love?
76561197986860841,Recommended,241600,8497555,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ammobasket,"If you want to play a classic Castlevania-style game, but don't want the time commitment implied by Castlevania*, this is exactly what you want.Tip: concentrate on getting Fairy Chests until you unlock some hp regain runes.*Rogue Legacy may end up taking you exactly the same amount of time as a SOTN run, there's just less pressure to stay alive."
,Recommended,241600,7396257,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,ChineseCowBaby,"Great game for those who like Rouge-like games. No big storyline to follow, but pay attention to the traits each offspring has. If you don't enjoy spending a lot of time on one specific area than this game is not for you."
76561198050405506,Recommended,241600,8484843,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,BossRoss1128,Addicting and fun. Bought it on a whim in the sale and immediately dropped 20+ hours into it. Not for those who don't like to die in video games.10/10
76561197980766432,Recommended,241600,8486398,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Joddes =VX9=,Strangly Addicting.
76561198007572973,Recommended,241600,8487922,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Leederhosen,So much fun!
76561198028516735,Recommended,241600,8488096,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Azriaphale,is rly good
76561198045571202,Recommended,241600,8489300,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Spyke8890,"This game was amazing, still is amazing. Still not done yet, will return with more info!"
76561198066359761,Recommended,241600,8489448,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,THE MATT ROSE,"Hilarious traits spice this titles up to the max. With the limitless amount of character builds this game is a must play for any fan of the rogue-like genre. Reminds me of the classic Ghost and Goblins for SNES, hard yet very rewarding."
76561198041531980,Recommended,241600,8489563,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,mbpiac6,"Fun game, not a whole ton of replayability once it's been beaten though."
,Recommended,241600,8489742,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Vanilla G,This game is amazing! I can't put it down. Highly recommend!
,Recommended,241600,8490073,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Pepe Silvia,"Such a fun game! Difficult but not annoying, long enough to be worth the purchase, but short enough that it doesn't drag."
,Recommended,241600,8666295,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,cantido,"Really addictive and really easy to play casually. I love how each life is meaningful but each death isn't a disaster. Death actually means progress in a way, it never sets you back and it lets you go buy more upgrades. I'd definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,241600,8667117,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,flexflairson,This game is just nine shades of a good time.
,Recommended,241600,8668264,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,vkvo,"This game... IS SO AMZING, I would've paid double what this game is worth for it. This game is easily worth it, I've barely made a dent in it, and I've already played it for 14 hours! It's kinda like Binding of Isaac mixed with Spelunky, and an RPG at that. It's hard to explain how awesome this game is, but, I guess you should just try it out! It's also an RPG that has a leveling system, and a cool castle, and it's a very cool game! Good job to the developers/makers of this game, to this, and many more from where it came from!"
,Recommended,241600,8669826,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,CaptGrace,Funny Game to play. Found out about through a friend of mine
76561197983345970,Recommended,241600,8632279,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Recarta,Game. Good.
76561197993315678,Recommended,241600,8634223,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Levs,"This is a really fun and entertaining game. Xbox 360 or equivalent controller is highly recommended.Might be a little hard to get into at first, but once you start upgrading your castle and equipping some sweet gear, it will become tons of funME @Sign of approval"
,Recommended,241600,8634273,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,skovacs1,"A roguelike action platformer with excellent story, music, art, and mechanics. It is definitely fun, but very hard.Characters and dungeons are randomly generated, but things gained carry over to the next character following inevitable failures. It has roguelike randomness and difficulty and plays like a precision platformer with their very touchy need for perfection. It's challenging, but thankfully the carry-over after failure helps to improve your chances on subsequent attempts so that helps combat the failings of its genres.After finishing a boss, it becomes possible to fight remix battles of them that are unforgiving in their brutality. After finishing the last boss, you restart, but everything is harder and the enemies are upgraded to harder versions that often fire multiple projectiles through walls making it a bullet hell game at times. As the difficulty of these challenges often seem unasailable, you might consider tools to slow down the game like CPU Killer if you want success and don't have the time for banging your head into the wall."
76561198121705184,Recommended,241600,8637617,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,bonesaw is ready,REALLY GOOD. ALSO HARD. REALLY HARD.
,Recommended,241600,8638018,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,delukz,One... More... Try...
,Recommended,241600,19311646,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Based Jabroni™,"This is my favorite game ever, so I won't talk long for the fear of rambling. This game is the love-child of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. Is really good, is really cheap, please buy."
,Recommended,241600,19312628,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,UltraPigBear,Action platformer with a high level of difficulty and a randomized castle that changes every time you die.  Your buy and build stats as you collect gold .  The grind is real .
,Recommended,241600,19299773,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kramit The Frog,"Fun, if a little grindy.  As far as roguelikes go, it's one of my favorites due to it's legacy mechanic, humour content, and goofy nature.  Not all roguelikes need to be dark and depressing."
76561198115692389,Recommended,241600,19300471,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,God's Wrath,"Over all amazing game. Although it has a steep learning curve, and I mean steep. The first hour will be very frusrating. Also, the controls for the keyboard are kind of awkward. I love the RNG with the dugeon layout and succesion mechanic. The story that is does have is interesting."
,Recommended,241600,19324463,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Funda,"This game is so much fun!  So much replayability.  The leveling system is so flexible.  The classes are fun.  The way you get upgrades is great.  I have no complaints about this game and historically, I'm not even a fan of most roguelike games.  If you are looking for hours of fun on the cheap and don't have this game, get it!  I picked it up on sale for next to nothing, but it is honestly worth a lot more."
76561198052834947,Recommended,241600,5610251,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Barkahol,"this is probably one of the most addicting side scrollers ive ever played, i highly reccomend it."
76561198074084618,Recommended,241600,7499104,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Chief Queef,You will definitly get your moneysworth with this simple but amazing game.
,Recommended,241600,19384715,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Detective Opera,"At first you might hate the game, this game is hard and requires you to memorize a lot of patterns, sharpen your reflexes and learn the hard way, but i promise you that you will eventually get to really enjoy the game, the classes, traits,tactics, boss fights, items, enchancements, everything in this game is a masterpiece, totally worth my money.If you look for a challenging game that will keep you entertained for more than 1 hour, this is your game."
76561198002640268,Recommended,241600,19374471,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dantounet,"Awesome game, everything a rogue like should be.The death toll is somehow an artificial difficulty and make the game more frustrating than it should be at lower levels."
,Recommended,241600,19284645,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,MPCImortal,the almighty GOD of replayabilty! You could play this game for HOURS and NEVER get bored because of the sheer amount of randomness! It's something few games can do.
76561198097660975,Recommended,241600,19346004,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,HanzGretel,I can't stop playing heeeelp meeee!
76561198094045827,Recommended,241600,19344810,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,iMooWhenIPoo,I love this game
,Recommended,241600,19346568,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,elevul,"Inspired, polished but fairly short. Incredible replayability though. Very entertaining."
76561198021178773,Recommended,241600,19346911,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Sadman,"This is a really great game to play when you've got some time to fill, it's a bit difficult to learn for me personally, but it's really fun to see yourself improve every run.I also really like the way the story is presented; through the diary of a prince. I find it really interesting and at the same time you're given hints on how to progress.If you're looking for a fun rogue-like I would suggest you try this."
,Recommended,241600,19320449,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SirAmelio,This game is making me forget there is a life outside the computer 10/10
,Recommended,241600,19302716,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,G00se,"Ironically, the most deformed and/or impaired generations are the funnest!10/10 dwarf dynasty reccomends."
76561198077102658,Recommended,241600,19302841,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,NobleAbe,if you enjoy watching your main character die like it's going outta sytle this game is for you! Also this game is a lot of rinse and repeating but unlike dishes it as the excitement of knowing that one day you will be able to finally get that one spot out of that darn cookie plate! oh wait
76561198037517504,Recommended,241600,19303842,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Red Duke,It's hard. You're going to die a lot but you'll keep coming back because each time you'll be better and better. With enough resolve you'll win yourself a game based on how skilled (and committed) you are. That's the underlying principle here.
76561198044627130,Recommended,241600,5058897,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Manvillain,If you loved the Binding of Isaac then your enjoyment with this game will be no different.
76561198186396395,Not Recommended,241600,19412062,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Spiderdust8,"I can't find what's fun or rewarding about playing this game. Its structure reminds me of a quick and simple mobile game where you are expected to die soon after starting. Only this game pads it with RPG elements like weapons and magic items to buy, as if anything really matters in the bullet hell that is the action part of the game. The child legacy part of this is that you wind up with some form of ailment that affects gameplay, either in an entertaining fashion (Nostalgia gives a sepia tone) or an annoying trait (Vertigo turns the world upside down, which is virtually unplayable). So it's just a grindfest and if every excursion into the castle doesn't yield you some 150 in gold minimum then you're just wasting your time. Ultimately the game feels like a giant waste of time. What am I trying to achieve? How can I qualify my gameplay as successful?"
76561197963531115,Recommended,241600,9380136,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,>,Just Amazing
,Recommended,241600,9380862,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Schwifty Swisher,"Challenging, rewarding and fun. Rouge Legacy is a nice buy at about $5 that you can probably play on any rig you own. I can see putting at least 20 hours into this game because it has a lot of replaybillity. Some may find this repetiive but it keeps it fresh with rouge-like room generating. You may run into the same room twice, but most likely never in the same order as your last run through with one of your heirs. Getting new runes and blueprints is rewarding and makes you feel like you actually getting better as a character. Playing the game more and more lets you learn from your past mistakes and as a player, you begin to get the hang of the game. Really solid game with a suprising amount of depth. Buy it!"
76561198041772592,Recommended,241600,9381529,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,{R} Blarghath,"The game has very smooth and responsive controls, which is one of the most important parts of a platformer. The game progression and other RPG elements are great. You really get the sense that your bloodline is slowly growing stronger through the generations.The game has immense replay value in the NG+ system and hidden extras. The enemies and environments are varied and diverse enough to prevent the game from getting stale, but only in your first or second playthrough. Once you get into NG+3 territory you'll have mastered every enemies patterns and behaviour and be looking for more. The 5 extra bosses added in the 1.2 patch go great lengths to fill that void though. The extra bosses expand on the previous ones, but require near perfect player skill and a deep understanding of game mechanics to defeat. As a result this was probably the most satisfying game to get 100% of the Achievements in and it feels like a real accomplishment of skill to do so.This game manages to appeal to both the casual and hardcore gamers at the same time. Less avid gamers will enjoy the light-hearted humor, the sense of growth and character development from the castle improvements, and the plethora of options and combinations to choose from. Hardcore gamers will enjoy the tight controls, difficult but fair gameplay, the replayability, and the late game challenges. If any of those things appeal to you, you'll find something to enjoy in this game."
,Recommended,241600,1208256,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,the_overmind_86,Do you like side scorllers? How about nostalgia? Cool chip-tune music? If you like any of the questions mentioned then I implore you buy this game. For the first time in years I have felt like I was playing on a new and improved SNES. Explore a randomly generated dungeon for loot upgrades and kill all manner of evil creatures and bosses. Once you die you lose your character and get to choose 1 of 3 to add to your family line. Each being different from one another by disorders like dyslexia and virtigo. Unlock new classes to expand your dugeoneering. I cannot speak enough about how good this game is.Want some pictures in motion? Check out my Cool Games Spotlight of Rogue Legacy for yourself.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMLI5sV9yIs&feature=c4-overview&list=UUmVT9YugT3gS0-Ccu8zYOwA
,Recommended,241600,9382419,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,RenegadeRustler,"Rogue Legacy is a really fast-paced challenging but fun game to play whether you're a casual gamer or an addict.So you go to the castle... and die. Then you get to take a pick of three heirs to continue your legacy. You choose a near-sighted dyslexic mage. He dies. Then you choose i gigantic gay paladin who then goes to the castle. He dies. Then his colorblind   dwarf daughter goes to the castle. She dies too! After many many generations of odd-traited heirs, your great-great-...-great-grandson who has vertige and is scared of chickens beats the first boss. It makes you feel AMAZING.After experiencing about 47 generations of heirs i got the hang of the game. You will too.This game is really different from other games on steam. It is a twisted version of a rogue/castlevania game, and the nostalgia will hit you when playing this.I DEFINITELY reccomend spending the $5 to buy this game!!!    9.5/10"
,Recommended,241600,9383044,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Blackbluue~The Feral Fenrir,"A very wonderful game that keeps the player engaged with its randomized dungeons and many, many upgrades and power-ups to explore. Each hero is unique, so not only are the battles differnt every time but even the way you play will be too. Takes about a few minutes to understand the game after the first 2-3 runs, but once you get the hang of it it'll keep your attention for hours."
,Recommended,241600,9383485,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Bobs Bumbag,"My computer blue screened mid-play whilst i was on ""in my mind"" a really good run... Frustrated i was, so much that i hardly wanted to play any further. I did, however decide to what i thought would be a restart from the beginning of that life (which i was well proud of). NO! Even a blue screen wont halt your progress in the slightest! The game i assume 'saves' between every room, and just chucks you back at the castle entrance!I have yet to go into the room i was about to when i BS because i just HAD to stop at put this up!THIS GAME ROCKS AND IF IT'S NOT IN YOUR LIBARY, GO BUY IT NOW!The game forces you to face the mercy of ""Perma-death"" but doesnt let it halter you at all and even creates more than half of the games charm. Playing the game is just fun, to boil it down to ""game play this, graphics that"" would be silly. those are both amazing attributes of this game IMO but this game is just plain pure FUN! FUNFUNFUN fUUN!"
76561198006478062,Not Recommended,241600,9566827,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,tstefan,"Very, very difficult. But also very satisfying. Also great humor. Works well with gamepad, which is quite important for me. However... it is way too difficult to proceed. So I got borred pretty quickly. To proceed on tha map you have to have a very strong character. And to build such a character it take way too many hours to play. Boring... So after a few hours of play I cannot honestly recommed it, simply 'cos the game is to little rewarding. Such a shame, for it has a potencial."
76561197970621154,Recommended,241600,10084706,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,SCUD,So. ♥♥♥♥ing. Addictive.Haven't found a game that grabs me in MONTHS... this one did it.
,Recommended,241600,10086198,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,dr. ticklebaumb,I love this damn game
,Recommended,241600,10272182,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Big Veegz,"If you are good you don't die, if you aren't you die a lot"
76561198272587894,Recommended,241600,21369945,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,valtteri88,"A good platformer rpg. You die often but are able to upgrade your stats almost every time, and those upgrades stack. Different classbuilds help to keep the game interesting and challenging. It's worth at least 25 hours of gameplay, but for those who want show they are the best it will be a much longer playthrough. The New game++++++ system keeps everything more challenging."
,Recommended,241600,3010830,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Pawcakes,♥♥♥♥♥s tight.
,Recommended,241600,19157117,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,RAISY,Had so much fun playing this game. :>
,Not Recommended,241600,21396165,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Macks,"I don't like this game because of the diffuculty factor and how I never can find my way around.They should definetly tone down the difficuly a bit, it is still a good game but I wouldn't recommend new computer gamers."
,Recommended,241600,21417919,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,RyanOClock,"First of all I really love this game and after seeing playthroughs of it I love it but this review has been written before completion.To me this has to be one of the best roguelike games out there. The definitive feature is the family tree system, I just imagine this one family is like ""oh my ancestor died here, I better find out what's going on [dies]"" rinse and repeat.Basically as you die you play as the descendant and so on. Each character has a unique trait, some will help and others will err definitely not help, I'm looking at you Vertigo!There are multiple classes to unlock in which all have slightly different stats and abilities. My personal favourites are the Paladins and the Spelunkers. One for killing and the other for that gold grabbing yo!In terms of gold if you die it's gone! Well unless you find an item that allows you to get in the castle for free or buy the skill from the Manor.The manor basically is your skill tree in which allows you to unlock new abilities, buffs and classes. You'll definitely wanna invest in this.At the beginning I was getting nowhere and constantly dying but now I die not so much but it's still quite a bit. But I definitely see progression through my quest that's taken me to the future now.You can also unlock new armour at the Smithy, Enchantments at the Enchantress and the Architect allows the castles map to stay the same but doing so mens you gain less gold.In conclusion, if you love roguelikes you should definitely pick this game up, it's a solid game with great controls (especially when you dash, I love dashing continously so much fun!)"
,Recommended,241600,21415956,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,blacketj,Very addicting. Lots of fun.
76561198002528811,Recommended,241600,21413346,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,g0bbIes,Surprisingly addictive. I put a lot of hours in maxing out my dude and enjoyed them immensely. Recommended.
76561198025028631,Recommended,241600,21430268,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Hoarse John,Good
76561197974085922,Recommended,241600,21454826,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Khorne,Castlevania: The Roguelike.  Take your little knights and get them all murdered until you get enough experience to make it through to the last boss.  A good time.
,Recommended,241600,8703308,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,AzureSol,a fun and challenging little adventer that only gets better as u play it
,Recommended,241600,4463942,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,needle,"Every time you play, you figure out one more important detail on how to play effectively. Later romps through the castle prove to be even more rewarding as the challenge ramps up to ridiculous levels! A+++ Would Die Again"
,Recommended,241600,8706553,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Mentasm,"Great game. Hours of fun and very addictive. Light hearted, fun, and very challenging.Feature request:  Cloud saving.  I play games on multiple machines. It sucks that I can't load all the progress from one machine onto another, and have to start all over. QQ"
76561198022260544,Recommended,241600,8707113,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,› Tabooger,"Grind through procedurally-generated dungeons with hundreds of generations of the same adventuring family!  Feeling simultaneously more and less personal than Castlevania, Rogue Legacy makes you work hard for every upgrade, spell, or piece of armor you get but it all feels like it's building to an epic culmination.  Lighthearted humor and seriously challenging opponents make for a renewably engaging game."
,Recommended,241600,8709307,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Mr. Saturn,I very much enjoy this game. It has a really unique feel to it! it can be a bit of a grind but i got to say its one of the most fun games i have played on steam yet!
,Recommended,241600,8709486,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Darksteel,"A fast and direct game, remember Castlevania a lot and is very fun."
76561198044431098,Recommended,241600,8696153,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,unoriginal name,"Before i start this review, i will be saying negative things, but keep in mind this game is great; its just driving me insane. The game starts out with your knight person going into a castle to kill flying flames, mages, and things that arn't flying, like zambies,  giant knight people with giant knight swords, and knights with spears, who instead of attacking with them, shoot bots of ihavenoidea at you. You kill bosses, go to other areas, kill more boses, go to even more areas, and (spoilers) finaly kill a fellow knight person who happens to be evil. Take my word of advice, do not touch the bosses obals. when you get them, you can fight a lolhard version of that boss. Then, if you dont give yourself a concussion with facedesking with rage, you fight 2 of the final boss, AT ONCE. I did this, and i have not been the same since. Becides that, it is an amazing game made my favorate indie/flash developers. Buy it, but stray away from the obals. exept chadrons obal, that one is okay."
76561198028319114,Recommended,241600,8696703,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,flarechu,"a few of the visual traits will hurt your eyes but i whould still recommend this game alot its very fun, addicting and a good time-sink for thoughs boreing days"
,Recommended,241600,8700248,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Bask,Awesome game that mixes lots of different influences from many different genres in a nice looking platformer.
,Recommended,241600,8548391,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Space Hamster,GREAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT Game.just for me :)
76561198027122071,Recommended,241600,8548540,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Narandelar,Great addictive game :D. Love trying to get more coins each time to get more upgrades.
76561198080114362,Recommended,241600,8549355,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Penume,"While this game is a little annoying at first with dying trying to grab treasure and dying again for a few generations it starts to get a little more fun when you've built up a power level and understand the classes a bit. Then once you kill that first boss and start to clear additional areas and bring home thousands of gold with each life it gets very rewarding. Of course being a Rougelike one false move and it's up to your children.Overall: Fun, yet don't expect layers of story. I does have silly moments."
,Recommended,241600,7471204,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,LastChance,"The one reason I came back to Steam after 2 years of getting bored of TF2. Rogue Legacy is a fantastic experience for any fan of platformers, especially if Metroidvania is your thing. It meshes well with the roguelike elements the are also present in the game such as the randomness of the castle. The constant changing of the game, the tight controls, the numerous classes and other unlockabes will leave you playing for hours on end, heck, my first session was a little above 5-6 hours. Should you not find the game challenging, there is a new game plus that you can go through that makes harder, and even an NG+ after that as well up to ten times until the difficulty stops ramping! If action platformers are your forte, then go for it!"
76561198003685929,Recommended,241600,8550017,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Wafflesworth,"Fun and challenging platformy goodness, with a decent amount of replayability thanks to NG+ and the five new bosses."
76561198037802123,Recommended,241600,8550108,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,frankieg746,a lot of fun to play just wish there was more areas
,Recommended,241600,8550961,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,MuadDib,"Rogue Legacy was not the roguelike game I was expecting. Every game is very quick (at least in the beginning) but with enough progression curve to get something new for you character and start again. Because of this, Rogue Legacy will make you suffer from the ""just one more time"" syndrome. Soon you will develop your character enough to explore other areas (there are 4) and to kill the bosses."
76561198041752396,Recommended,241600,8551512,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Za,"Nobody told me this was a Rogue-like action plateformer done Castlevania SoTN Style. Many (Many!) enemies are taken from the Castlevania games and given a cartoony makeover, I personally love that. While it -IS- pretty hard there isn't a ticking clock such a food or a bunch random instant death events of a ""pure"" Rogue-like. Most deaths are a matter of reflex and player skill. This means I can actually enjoy the constant deaths without feeling cheated.One problem. Some classes are just junk. Mage/Archmage doesn't seem to be able to pull its weight, but then again maybe I just have to build for it or never found/find the right blueprints to craft good mage gear. But honestly basic attacks are stronger than magic (ie Castevania sub-weapons) and never run out. Maybe my opinion on this will change as I play more.Word of warning for ""newbs"" to the game you CAN build your personal manor wrong, or at least not optimal. Don't try and max everything just max what your playstyle conforms to. Looking up a build progression of the rooms you create really helped me.Excellent music too. Hope I beat it someday..."
76561197960364005,Recommended,241600,8552818,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Gammel,"A great game that got me hooked right off the bat!+++ Positives +++* Brilliant gameplay.* Great 8bit/16bit graphics.* Hard but fair difficulty level, especially nice news to people who feel that games are getting to easy nowadays.* Music was atmospheric.* Skill tree and equipment gives the player several ways to progress through the game.* Several classes with different traits in combination with a random castle generator makes replaying the game a dream.--- Negatives ---* They could've done more with the story.* Using a keyboard was frustrating at times due to the hard difficulty level (will try second run with controller).* Sound effects were pretty blend.Total score: 8/10"
76561198034238417,Recommended,241600,8554729,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Nexuscrawler,"Frustrating at first, but this game provides hours and hours of fun!"
76561198030685674,Recommended,241600,8555106,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Predator,so many good laughs in such a small package! literally when your born a dwarf.i love rogue legacy. the only game that you feel excited about when you die
76561198025995792,Recommended,241600,8597325,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,SrcrrMickey,"I can't decide if I recommend this game.  It's fun, but dying every ten seconds is REALLY annoying.  Hmmmm"
,Recommended,241600,8598537,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Srirachachacha,"Incredibly addictive, well made, and charming."
76561198039465456,Recommended,241600,8598747,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Rex,"Old school platformer, with modern additions. Random level generator = infinite replayability."
,Recommended,241600,8596921,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ManBat,"Damn. This is a hard game. They say perseverance is it's own reward, and this is a true testament to that. Dream-crushingly difficult, but fair is what this game is like. ""Rogue Legacy"" is easily one of the best games of 2013, and I'd urge most of you to buy it."
76561198063805471,Recommended,241600,6324563,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Mister_Five,Cruelly brutal and damn addicting.
,Recommended,241600,8601232,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Snaggle_tongue,"Excellent, addictive little game. Well worth picking up!"
,Recommended,241600,8586510,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Azroa,"Good lord. Buy it. So addictive. So fun. It brings new meaning to the phrase ""Every game is different."" In addition to the maps, enemies, bonuses, treasures, and challenges being changed each time, there are countless combinations of disorders, birth defects, abnormalities, and other traits which your character may be inflicted with. In addition, there are many classes which each have their own strong and weak points. While some abnormalities make the game more difficult, others make it easier. Some are just pointless to my knowlege. I don't think that the ""Gay"" trait has any effect on the game's difficulty. My favorite pointless trait is Hypocondria. If you get the chance, choose a hero with it. The challenge is decent, and there's a strange satisfaction in seeing all the monsters you killed line up once you've died. I highly recommend this game. Go get it. NOW."
,Recommended,241600,8586826,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dusty,"This game has some of the most remarkable gameplay ever, right off the bat you're gonna die a LOT. But it feels so rewarding to keep slowly grinding your character until you're an OP force to be reckoned with, plus the legacy perks keep the game interesting so there's that =D"
76561198045485677,Recommended,241600,8589417,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,An Actual Bear,"Tight controls, fast paced gameplay, refreshing takes on old design concepts, and presents the option of being a lesbian barbarian queen suffering from uncontrollable flatulence. 10/6.4 would wear as a hat."
,Recommended,241600,8589487,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dijkstra,"A very interesting title. Combines metroidvania gameplay with rogue-like dungeon generation, with plenty of humor to spare. The difficulty curve is rather steep for a basic platformer, but that is part of the drive to keep playing. The humor is likely the best aspect of the game however - your heirs might end up having I.B.S., C.I.P., and all sorts of other weird gameplay-modifying traits.Unfortunately it seems significantly easier to exhaust the jokes on your first run due to the extremely steep upgrade prices than to actually beat the game. Between the game's quirks, music, and solid gameplay, it's definitely worth picking up, but it doesn't quite have that level of replayability you'd expect. Snag this during a sale and you won't be disappointed."
76561198026781772,Recommended,241600,8590121,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Hare Rama of Mahabharata,A very good game in my humble opinion. Mixes skill perfectly with upgrades and the lineage system is just great.
,Recommended,241600,8591789,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,yrg,"Prepare to sink many hours in Rogue Legacy.""One more run! Just one!"" - And the next thing you know is that it's dawning outside.Excellent roguelite game design meets cute graphics and fantastic music themes: the game.Another point that needs outlining is that in Rogue Legacy you can grow up to be a tough guy who kills stuff by letting it touch/hit him.Thoroughly recommending this game."
76561198018455362,Recommended,241600,8592519,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Gryphon,"An insane romp through completely randomly generated, randomly populated realms with extremely randomly created heroes. It's like a 2D Dark Souls that can laugh at itself."
,Recommended,241600,8477123,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Nytohan,"Rogue Legacy is an amazing progression platformer. Possibly one of the neatest mechanics of this game is that your heroes are occasionally flawed by being unable to see in 3D, incapable of percieving pain, suffering vertigo, or being terrified of chickens.The ability to choose between randomly generated characters to run dungeons unseen requires you to come up with your own strategy for survival - whether it's through mobility enhancing enchantments or vampiric regeneration.If you grew up on Mario style platform games (and more importantly if youenjoyedthem) then this is definitely one you should try."
76561198042324650,Recommended,241600,4836632,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,#BlessEd,"Rogue Legacy. This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ no foolin'. That's a good thing, because your heir will get their♥♥♥♥♥kicked as well. Everytime you die, you don't get resurrected, no your dead for good, but your heir can take up your sword and fight, then die, and so on. Randomly generated dungeon that has anything and everything that will hurt you. This game is awesome, i'm in love. I do recommend to only play in 1-2 hour play sessions, since you'll die so often you'll want to break something after that long. GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,241600,8479474,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Resistor,"Very addicting. One of those games that you can ""play a round or two"" and finish in 10 minutes. But it tricks you. You get snagged... drawn in.Very fun game. One of the very few games that I prefer the PC + controller combo."
76561197960314468,Recommended,241600,8479781,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,jeKen,ganz großes Kino !
,Recommended,241600,435494,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Oopatrickoo,List'n carefully ... u hav' to buy dis' ... nauw. d;
76561197978115339,Recommended,241600,8481898,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dalis,"Not having much time can be quite the adventure in Rogue Legacy. I'm only up to the point where I'm fighting, what I believe is the final boss, and I have enjoyed the game from start to finish. Fast paced, a real joy to play, heck I'm only playing this on a keyboard and I'm loving every minute of it. The learning curve for the game isn't hard at all, so it's easy to pick up. The challenge of the game itself is where you'll enjoy the rollercoaster right.The random traits that alter your sons/daughters can be a benefit or an added challenge. If you want something fast paced, I highly recomment this game. I will warn you from my personal experience, I find myself going:""Alright, just got a lot of gold. I'll just spend it, then do a reckless run just to kill myself and quit.""(And then, put that saying in repeat :P )But honestly, I <3 this game."
,Recommended,241600,3489296,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Cornelucius,This game is so much fun to play and it is very addictive too!It is totally worth the 15$ / 13€ (summersale untill the 22nd of July gives -20%).I must say... BEST 15$ SPENT THIS SUMMER
,Recommended,241600,7516424,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Lumix .,This is like an endless game if you want to unlock every part of the castle. It's really punitive and hard but can be addictive.Cool game !7/10
,Recommended,241600,645978,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Jargoon,"This game is really, really fun. It's like Castlevania combined with a roguelike. I recommend a controller though."
,Recommended,241600,1853510,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Araskelo,A challenging Metroidvania type game.  A prime example of what an indie game is capable of.
,Recommended,241600,7754414,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Cronenberg Rick,"I really enjoyed this game, failing entirely and having to start over with a new character, all while still getting stronger. I do think they made it a little too hard, all to mask the games actual shortness. If not for the difficulty the game is only maybe an hour  long. But add in the grind of acquiring gold and it turns into a 20 or more hour game."
76561197981721538,Recommended,241600,7755014,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Gunter,A very good roguelike-with-progression.  Its harder in the beginning than it is later so if you get frustrated off the bat give it a little more time.
,Recommended,241600,1161604,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,Constable Plarnax,Hard but fun.
,Recommended,241600,7756528,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,V1sor,"I would pay 40$ for this game, It has strange controls, I used M/KB, Replayability is quite high but tapers out quickly, The learning curve is half the fun if you're willing to climb."
,Recommended,241600,978829,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Dracasis,"Rogue legacy is a fantastic little metroidvania style game with randomly generated dungeons and characters. It provides a lot of variety and fun for a very long time, its only major failing can be a lack of progression. It’s a great game for $15 and a steal for $10 and under. A controller is a must-have however, keyboard just doesn't lend itself well to pressing 4 keys at once to do complex maneuvers."
,Recommended,241600,7750309,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Perihelion,"Rogue Legacy will drive you mad the first few times you play it. The madness subsides after a few upgrades to your health and attack power. After that, it's an all out pixel blitz of fun through a randomized castle with all sorts of enemies shooting at you or otherwise trying to kill you.The game doesn't punish you completely for dying, though it's not completely forgiving either. You keep your money and found items so that you may upgrade your character between runs. You must give up any gold you do not use for upgrades before continuing the adventure which means no saving up. Speaking of your character, he or she is randomized each time you  begin a play-though. The traits they have range from helpful and inconsequential to downright debilitating. Luckily, you get to choose from 3 possible heirs so you don't get stuck with horrible traits too often.The main game is beatable with 6-8 hours of work depending on how efficient your looting becomes, but with 4 different sections of the castle to explore and randomized rooms, it doesn't feel like a chore. After beating the main boss you are offered a new game plus which gives you tougher enemies and more gold drops.The charm of this game is the options it gives you in armor and spells along with random classes and traits to play through and loot the castle. Experimenting with different play styles is half the fun of this game. You'll have to utilize a bunch of different abilities in combination to reach all of the secrets and loot in the castle, which extends the replay value a bit. Long story short, if you enjoy old school platforming and lots of enemies to swing a sword at, you'll probably enjoy Rogue Legacy."
,Recommended,241600,7732464,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,That1homosapien,"Very fun and worth the $15, it's so amazing that I'd reccomen this to almost anyone, especially if they liked spelunky because they are similar."
,Recommended,241600,849312,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Kaldaris,"Oh boy, oh BOY oh BOY. So I haven't reviewed a game in ages! But hey-- but hey there's this! Rogue Legacy! It's a game about knights! And more knights! And gay knights! And knights that fart all the time! And midgets that dress up as knights! I wish I was a knight. Well, you can be if you play this game! You can be a knight for all of fifteen minutes, before you die horribly and lose that awesometastic descendent that you rolled up only to get some skinny dwarf that vomits bouncy spikes. Nothing quite like a trip to ♥♥♥♥sville!8/10, this game would be a 9 but it makes me kill dogs so it gets -1, gg."
,Recommended,241600,7737026,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Frederick Doofusdick,"The best roguelike/indie game I have played to date. Rogue Legacy is a game much like infinity blade. Like infinity blade, once you die, you come back to life as a different relative in the same bloodline. There's a catch. Each relative has different characteristics and disorders. You could have a Hokage with Gigantism and hypergonadism for one session, and then a Lich King who is a colorblind dwarf. It's incredibly diverse, and the hard bosses will keep you coming back for more. Also, building up your castle and buying up resources to make your playthrough even better becomes addicting. In conclusion, if you haven't bought Rogue Legacy by now you really just don't deserve it."
,Recommended,241600,957683,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Gluttonous Fox,"This is game is very hard to stop playing.  If you are the type of person who would say, ""Let me try one more time,"" and that would end up being a dozen more times, you will get what this game is all about."
,Recommended,241600,2353123,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Retrospectacular,"An intensly fun and challenging adventure that harkens back to the side-scrolling platformers of your childhood; full of dungeons, loot and nightmare creatures."
76561198052556470,Recommended,241600,5595933,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Fishy,"Rogue Legacy isn't your average arcade hack n' slash. It does have quite a bit of arcade elements and have an extreme replayability level. When your first character dies, you get to pick one out of three unique characters to be their heir. When that heir dies, you pick another one. It goes on and on. All the people you can choose have different things about them, some good some bad. One could be Dyslexic (In which case words on the screen are jumbled up), Or they could have a lack of 3d view (In which the character are like flat paper). The game comes with a castle to upgrade to give you perks and new abilities, and you can purchase a blacksmith or enchanter to sell you swords, capes, runes, and so much more.Overall an amazing game which you can play for hours on end. 9/10"
,Recommended,241600,1987657,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,CHAOSQUALL,"Annoying at first, many many many deaths to be expected, dungeons wont last long, once you start to upgrade your legacy and get a hang of the game and know the mechanics it because so good. I would recommend playing this on a controler however."
,Recommended,241600,7381869,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,JDPoZ,CastleVania: Symphony of the Night (or Shadow Complex for you youngins' out there) + gameplay shifting birth defects + procedural dungeon generation = Rogue Legacy.Very fun if you enjoy that kind of game.
,Recommended,241600,103714,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Wildcard777,"Highly reccomend this game. It's a lot of fun, very challenging, and has a ton of replay value!"
,Recommended,241600,1448479,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,TheBenson,"Awesome rogue-like - constant progression through death, quirky and fun."
,Recommended,241600,7778875,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,regnarbor,Definitely one of the best games of 2013
,Recommended,241600,5518381,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Ted,"One of the best medieval, fantasy games I have ever played"
,Recommended,241600,7780700,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Marzgraf Fenmore,"This game is amazing. I have played 100+ hrs and just need to tie up a few ends on new game 3. Aboutthe classes, the mystery class is op as hell. Do not bother with the spellthief/sword. Wait reverse that. Very good game highly recommend"
,Recommended,241600,877252,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Vex,"TL;DR: Roguelike meets Castlevania with a dash of bullet hell. Charming, polished, and and unbelievably addictive. Buy Now.The formula here is fairly straightforward--enough so that you'll wonder why nobody has done it yet: roguelike, but with twitchy action/platformer gameplay. Adventure through a randomly-generated castle, collect loot, die horribly. Select one of three heirs to inhereit your loot and pick up where you left off, each with random class (and associated unique abilities) and unusual traits (gigantism gives you increased reach but you're a bigger target, dextrocardia switches your health and mana pools, dementia makes you see enemies that aren't actually there, etc.) Spend loot to expand your family manor (i.e., skill tree) and build equipment and augmenting runes from the blueprints you find in the castle. Repeat until you're strong enough to take down the bosses of the castle.This concept is supported from every angle--the controls are exceptionally tight and full of nuance, though easy enough to pick up the basics. The art and sound are charming. The game is relentlessly challenging, but there are ample systems in place to let you learn and practice (particularly the architect.) Lots of tricky and interesting decisions to make with the runes and upgrades, yet you'll almost never feel like you made a straight-up bad decision.All in all, one of the best ""indie"" games to come out in a long while, well worth the full price."
,Recommended,241600,7781351,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,okram2k,"As is all too often the case I found myself browsing around on Steam looking at all the many offerings. With Valve’s rather hearty embrace of the Indy gaming movement with the Green Light system (and now even supporting work in progress games) a plethora of titles that I never heard of before will grab my eye. One of those games is the new release from Cellar Door Games called Rogue Legacy and is available on steam for a small fee of $14.99.Rogue Legacy is a “Rogue-lite” platform action game. While it has its roots in old rogue classics such as nethack and others it has an interesting twist on what could ultimately be described as a genre of games built upon frustration. Like nethack each time you play the dungeon is randomly generated and is split up into well recognizable regions. However, in Rogue Legacy when your character dies all the gold and loot you’ve plundered doesn’t just count towards a trivial high score but instead is passed down to your next character, your heir. You can then spend this money on upgrades to your keep or unlock equipment. It’s all a very well thought out feature that brings about consistency from run to run and makes it all that much easier to advance further with your next adventurous heir.One thing to expect when delving into Rogue Legacy is you will die. You will die a lot. The game is by no means easy and is unforgiving quite literally on purpose. Early on you will find your lives sometimes will be meaninglessly short and compounded by the fact that you have to pay a toll to renter the castle again. The gate keeper takes all of your left over gold for the right to delve back into the dungeon with your next heir. This makes it impossible to save up money and forces you to spend your haul each life or watch it be whisked away for nothing. This can leave to some extreme frustration if you need at least 2,500 gold for your next upgrade but died with only 2,400 and have to watch it all be whisked away for another run.Another great selling point of the game is the large variety in traits applied to your heirs. Each time you die you are given three heirs to chose from (later on you can upgrade this to six). Each has one of a few different types of spells and a random traits. Some of the traits are simply cosmetic, such as colorblind, while others beneficial, such as immunity to floor traps, and some traits are downright horrible. There are also traits that have pro’s and cons. For example Gigantism makes you a large target but gives you a massive sword swing which allows you to hit enemies from much further away. Conversely, dwarfism makes you harder to hit and allows you to squeeze into small spaces other people wouldn’t be able to fit into but in order to hit enemies you have to get dangerously close. It adds nice flavor and diversity to help keep the game from becoming stale or repetitive too quickly.Gameplay is very smooth and incredibly well honed. If you have ever played a platform action game you’ll quickly be at ease with the controls. Jump, attack, move, special, etc. etc. As you progress you will unlock more classes that are specialized in ways that can augment your playstyle better. Barbarians can take a beating with more HP but have less spell points for spells. Assasins have large bonuses to crit chance and damage while the Hokage class does no crit damage but gets a large speed bonus and hit damage bonus. As you play you’ll find certain classes will work better with your style, I’ve found Assassins can be quite good once you spend a lot of money upgrading crit chance and the massive hp of barbarians is almost a necessity in some of the dangerous deeper areas of the dungeon. Eventually you will be strong enough to start facing against the four guardians and then challenge the final boss…The story in Rogue Legacy, as far as I can tell for it is rather sparse, seems to be that the patriarch of your clan committed regicide and offed the corrupt king of the land. Since then each heir of the family has been tasked with delving into a randomly changing dungeon filled with cursed creatures to right family’s name. Apparently after killing the king your great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great (times several hundred if you’ve been playing for long) grandfather drank from the fountain of life and is immortal. Lovely. So the family selects the bravest and strongest of their line as heir to go… die valiantly in the castle and raise money to train the next heir better. You know I wonder what happens to the other two potential heirs you don’t pick, do they still go on to be adventurers or do they chose other careers? Perhaps becoming accountants or English teachers. One of many questions unfortunately unaddressed in the game’s thin plotline.Overall the game has really appealed to me, I love the art style and the platforming is incredibly smooth. Yet the game is a level of repeated frustrations. It will often make me yell at the screen, “Oh C’mon!” when I thought I dodged something but didn’t. However, depending how many times you wish to delve into the castle it can be a great game to just kill a quick ten minutes or play repeatedly for hours. This is made even better with an auto-save system that will let you pick up right where you left off if you need to go do something else. Overall I highly recomend the game if you’re looking for a challenging modern platformer.Final Score:Graphics: 7/10Game-play: 10/10Music/Ambiance: 8/10Story: 5/10Overall: 8/10Read more indy game reviews on my blog!http://markofithian.com"
,Recommended,241600,29526213,Posted: 27 January,all,Patrick with a Party Horn,+rep
76561198312035216,Recommended,241600,29528585,Posted: 27 January,all,paultaco,this is game is the best
,Recommended,241600,29555252,Posted: 28 January,all,blim,"Highly addictive. You start off getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you every time you play. Slowly, you gain stats and begin to venture into areas you were sure you couldn't get to before. Some bonus challenges are overly difficult and some rooms are overstuffed with projectile-firing bad guys but overall a solid game. The rouge-like changing castle and the shoosing a new offspring to take your place adds to the strategy and fun."
76561198059582025,Recommended,241600,29551669,Posted: 28 January,all,Bloempje,A game for the entire family tree.
76561197985028724,Recommended,241600,16994556,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Herpin n' Derpin,"Great rogue-like.  Paid only $5 on Steam Sale, but worth every bit of $15."
76561197976025336,Recommended,241600,16995664,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ohhh noes,"%^&&!""""%^%*&%&%^!!!10/10"
,Recommended,241600,16996344,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,"The Royal We, The Editorial",Look for $3 this is about the best you're gonna do.
76561197967653552,Recommended,241600,16996548,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,FireMonkey,I suggest a new tagline for future games. Rogue Legacy like. This is the only type of rouge-like I will play.
,Recommended,241600,16998125,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,zyrums,Great Game.
76561198051306208,Recommended,241600,16998642,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Renjabert,"I can think of several reasons I should have passed Rogue Legacy over: I have a hard time recommending difficult games because I hate the feeling of losing; having to explore this game's castle anew each time is something I would have called repetitive in many other titles; some treks into the fray yield nothing but spare change that'll be gone without ever having contributed to bettering your character... And yet, I burned up twenty hours making my way through Rogue Legacy, and turned around to (an admittedly less enthusiastic) jump into a New Game+, and really enjoyed the majority of my playtime.Tight, fair game mechanics, and an interesting (if sometimes gimmick-y) take on the rogue-like genre are what you'll get here, and if you're a fan of platformers, you're going to love it."
76561198044502186,Recommended,241600,17000465,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Frank,"Great game. Even thought it can be difficult, you can unlock gear and level up stats to help you. I am new to side-scrollers and do not own a controller, yet I still have a buch of fun. I recommand you buying it in a steam sale, the price value is ridiculously worth it."
76561198136474412,Recommended,241600,17000472,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,jt.sonia,"I never play for too long in a single session, but for an old school platformer that revolves around replayability and rogue-lite mechanics, this game is a BLAST!  The current sale price is crazy, so anyone that might be interested should just bite the bullet-- you won't regret it."
76561198178291558,Recommended,241600,17001315,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,mathmage3.1415,Very entertaining game. The pro-gen castle and the differing traits keep the game fresh.
76561198030738784,Recommended,241600,17001389,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Jeticus,"I use to hate this game alot. It was so hard and frustrating and I could not make any progress. It put me in a crappy mood and all I would do is complain about the controls and enemy placement.Then I stopped being a whiney ♥♥♥♥♥ and realized this game is the best thing ever concieved.While it is hard and you will die alot, the game allows you the opurtunity to improve yourself overtime. Eventually, and I use this word vaguely, you will be at a point to where your character is strong enough to complete the task at hand but your skill level will often enough get in the way. That, and projectiles."
76561198042496183,Recommended,241600,17002363,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,d.l.b,"Great, addicting, has the ""just one more run"" golden touch. 10/10P.S. If on sale, just buy it."
,Recommended,241600,9404588,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Hank Hodges,"This game is so much fun! The enemy originality (90% palette-swaps) is lacking, but every other aspect of this game shines. The trait mechanics, the difficulty is perfect and the whole thing is just great. I give this game a 9.25 out of 10."
76561197965725688,Recommended,241600,9404765,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,お前は,Good concepts in this game. Fun gameplay.
,Not Recommended,241600,9405331,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,heecks,More frustrating than fun. If you like dying every 5 minutes this game is for you
76561198087700588,Recommended,241600,9405624,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Pop Farts,Castlevania SOTN meets Goust n Ghouls... what more could you want?
76561198117416219,Recommended,241600,9405742,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Frelia,More like Rogue Leg- go buy this game right now -acy
,Recommended,241600,9405753,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,t.k.fischer,An amazing game for when you just want to do a quick run on an action platformer.
,Recommended,241600,9405913,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,TheMLGReploid,"Do you like random generation in characters and areas? Do you like retro graphics? Do you like recolored enemy sprites? If so, Rogue Legacy is the game for you. Although not perfect, Rogue legacy is still greatly enjoyable, and is worth the $15 for sure.Pros:-RandomizationRandomization is pretty much the #1 requirement for Roguelites, as it keeps each run fresh and fun, and Rogue Legacy pulls this off spectacularely. Although many of the randomization for rooms is just a set room with different enemies scattered about, the number is very high, and due to all the different possible room types this works well, but rooms aren't the only random thing here. As clearly stated above, Rogue Legacy features random ""children that you choose to take up your throne, although they won't necessarily turn out how you would like. To put it in simple terms, there are several classes that can be chosen from, each with unique stats, and once upgraded, abilities. Each child wilol also get one unique spell, chosen from a fairly small list, but it is not the numbers that matter here, as each one is extremely different.  Aside from their class and spell, another role is their traits, most of which are diseases or disabilities such as Gastro-intestinal disorder, P.A.D., ect. All of these are varied and quirky, not to mention mix up the gameplay, this helps out a great deal as you will not always get what you want, and forces you to cope with things you may not like, and I like that.-GameplayRogue Legacy is supposed to call back to old adventure games, and it does so with flying colors. All enemies you encounter are very different, and as opposed to some games, feel meaningful. As there are many different things to do and plenty of devious traps to encounter, it truly feels meaningful as you travel through the many different parts of the cursed castle, on your quest to end a Rogue Legacy. Every time you play a new castle is generated, making sure you don't know what to expect, and keeping the experience fresh, no matter how many times you play. Add this to some superb boss figts and you get yourself one heck of a fun game.-ControlEver play a game with clunky controls that make you want to throw down the controller? Rogue Legacy is not one of them. Despite all the different upgrades available to you that effect your movement the control in Rogue Legacy is superb. Your sword slashtakes a second to wind up for slight stragety, your jump feels meaningful, yet not floaty, everything about how you control is very fluid and works perfectly with the various obstacles you encounter, to make each death fell like your own fault.-MusicTypically, games do not have a great soundtrack, fitting? Yes, fun? Yes, but so far very few games have as good a soundtrack as rogue legacy. Just by listening to the trailer, you know you'll have something worth listening to while playing the game. Each area has a soundtrack fitting to it's dark, yet adventurous tone. Wether it's the grim garden, now a savage wood, or the tower standing atop the castle, now a place of mystery and death, each track is pleasant and catchy. But wait, better yet than the area music are the boss theme, a boss theme is supposed to pump you up for whatever you are facing, but Rogue Legacy has boss themes that do much more. Each theme gives you a good theme of what you are up against, be it the horrendous gatekeeper that will kill you in an instant if you lose focus, or the panic-inducing beast of the dungeon, the boss themes are truly superb. Couple this with one of, if not my favorite title theme of all time and you have some catchy tunes. If you are not a fan of rogue-likes, at least but the soundtrack, trust me, you will not regret it.Cons:-GraphicsDon't get me wrong, I like the style of this game, the 16-bit look keeps it feeling retro, but some things just don't work. I will ocasionally see a graphics error that is just irritating, though it is rare. However, my largest problem here are the enemies, I stated above that each enemy is ubique, and yes they are. But, what I did not say is that there are 3 copies of each enemy, each stronger and different in some ways,  and they work well for the most part, except that they are just bigger and are a palette swap. Many things in this game are either just a pallet swap or stretching/squishing a sprite. Considering the massive amount of effort that went into the games it annoys me how lazy this is, and I'm fine with enemies sub-types looking similar, but simply changing size and color is very lazy, and I really don't like this.Overall Rogue Legacy is easily one of the best indie games there is, up there with the likes of The Binding of Isaac and Super Meat Boy. Although it does have one flaw, the game is still superb, and I love every pixel of it. If you like adventure games, platformers, Rogue-Likes, you know what? Screw it, the game isn't perfect, but it is just amazing despite it's one flaw. If you like games, get this game, but you probably do to have made a Steam account, so buy this now. I mean it. Or I'll murder you."
76561198068239329,Recommended,241600,9405951,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,bsavage180,Overall very addicting and alot of fun to play. Just wish multiplayer was an option!
,Recommended,241600,9405952,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ernst Hot,"I don't usually care all that much for roguelikes, but Rogue Legacy is absolutely addictive and tons of fun!"
76561198024273449,Recommended,241600,9406064,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,etodez,So good!
76561198128522820,Recommended,241600,9406913,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Dan Classic,"This is the game that brought me to Steam! And let me tell you, it was worth the trip. Such a well done Rogue-like, Metroidvania style game. Charming graphics, wonderful music, and smooth responsive controls. If more games were this fun, engaging, and had the value that this game does, there would be no need for reviews. Got it on sale, but it's worth more than regular price, Rogue Legacy is something I'll be playing for a long time to come."
,Recommended,241600,9408525,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Fishmoose 🍆😏,you'll die ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of time but it's super fun!
76561198054584265,Recommended,241600,9417509,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Original Wilson,"Super fun game if you're a fan of old school platformers, especially Castlevania."
,Recommended,241600,9417609,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,radroach ☢☆,"This game torments me in my sleep. No matter how poorly I do I find reason to pick up the controller as my next run through the castle can be drastically different than the last, however, its usually also bad.Great game, beats you over the head with a stick inviting you back for more. Only to beat you again, but this time with a slightly different stick."
76561198097149433,Recommended,241600,9424163,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Zombiekissingbooth,This game makes me yell and hit things.It's like a side-scrolling cartoon dark souls at some points.
76561197984527628,Recommended,241600,9424188,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,SoulDragon,Highly addictive first iteration.  I can't wait for the sequel.
,Recommended,241600,9424269,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Dr. Jimes Tooper,"this game is based. if you do not buy this game, you are not based.BGYCFMB/10"
,Recommended,241600,8419810,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,LowRollinGroove,Great sidescroller that reminds me of old school gaming.
76561198109911841,Recommended,241600,9392157,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,ChevvyVann,Definitely one of the most fun games I have played in a while. Great gameplay which stays fresh and a quirky sense of humor which is much appreciated. A must buy.
76561197970132183,Recommended,241600,9392563,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,TadaceAce,"Great game. Innovative in different.Basic platformer, think ghouls and goblins. You get to pick from 3 randomized character of different classes and traits, you go into a randomized castle, you die, and innevitably come out with some gold for upgrades.There is a very basic and simple progression but the randomized castles create for a fun new experience everytime your enter."
76561198058928908,Recommended,241600,9388308,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,asket,"Absolutely awesome. The feeling that you open new class after 5 hours of playing. Dont know how computer generated dungeons can be so playable. The game is full of action. Also player needs to think about the approach. Many strategies possible. After a long time, I found a game that dos not let me eat or go to toilet for hours..."
76561198004052938,Recommended,241600,9395282,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Nouveau Shamanic,"Very aggravating, yet, oddly addictive- think Ghosts N' Goblins with modern, funny sensibilities."
76561198037496465,Recommended,241600,9395706,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Fel Chad,"Like a wall made of candyfloss and rocksugars, this game is something you can throw yourself at multiple times over without getting borred. Randomly generated levels, randomly generated heirs, and a shopping list of classes to chose from, makes what one might think to be a repetative game into something amazing. My only gripe is that it does get old, but it's nothing that a break can't fix! 8/10"
76561198009067077,Recommended,241600,9395881,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,GRANIT Salvo,"Clever ideas, good effects, high difficulty, and an understandable yet frustrating mechanic (forfeiture of gold); This game definitely captures the soul of Ghouls and Ghosts.  Let's just hope I don't need a gold bracelet to beat the game......"
76561198002916963,Recommended,241600,2140888,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,YourPalJesus,Awesomeness!
76561197997751285,Recommended,241600,9396191,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Petrichor,"I love this game just for zoneing out, great for kids too."
76561198047403921,Recommended,241600,9397949,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,RageTornado,"Rogue Legacy is a charming little sidescroller that draws you in with its sharp graphics, fluid combat system, and pretty damn unique talent tree system. You might think dying repeatedly would be a turn off, but the game rewards your progress by giving your children your items and the gold you had on hand when you died.Every time I sit down to play I keep saying, Damn! I died again, ok just one more run! Currently the game is discounted, and my fellow 90's kids would be doing themselves a disservice by not purchasing this awesome game.PROS: Great progression, Fluid Combat, Awesome sound track, progression is measured and felt with each play session.CONS: No multiplayer, sometimes frustrating when all three of your new kid choices are weak characters, random castle generation means some run will be unluckier than other for newer players.BUY NOW!"
76561197984915960,Recommended,241600,8511053,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Cjay,"As soon as I started this game, I realised that I could not stop until I finished it. I've been addicted to this game like dark souls and it was as frustrating and rewarding."
76561198049714945,Recommended,241600,5434785,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Doomteam,Awesome
,Recommended,241600,9399891,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,SIONOS,Great Rogue-like game.
76561198044807854,Recommended,241600,9399909,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Fuko's Starfish,"Fantastic, ridiculously addicting."
,Recommended,241600,9400505,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,ClickRex,"Rogue Legacy combines the exploratory joy of Metrovania titles with the hard-as-nails approach of roguelikes.  Each play session is a drive to get the most coins in order to upgrade your ancestors preparing them to get, well, yet more coins.  However the game takes a large leaf out of the Dark Souls approach to challenge by presenting each failure as a chance to learn, push on and strive to succeed.I'm currently 13 hours in on a deceptively simplistic looking game and still cannot break free of the just-one-more-go drive to beating that friggin' castle."
,Recommended,241600,9443558,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Titor15,"""Maybe I can make it futher this time!"" *12 hours later*"
,Recommended,241600,9443763,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Palm Top Tiger,please for the love of god just let my mouse be a control i can use please please please then i will non-stop play your game...otherwise very fun game
76561198080655464,Recommended,241600,9444633,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,zero96x,"awesome and funny game, ur bucks will be well spent."
,Recommended,241600,9445838,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,The Zipe,"Being blind, confused, colorblind, a victim of alzheimers and gay is incredibly fun."
76561198087982740,Recommended,241600,9445854,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Nwrkz KingPin,F'n AWSOME!
,Recommended,241600,9446452,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Gandarrio,"At first I was sceptical about this game, but giving it a shot made me an absolute fan. It has the perfect balance between the slight frustration and the gratificating advancement.Totally recommended."
,Not Recommended,241600,1841305,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Stokes,"This game is a Pyrrhic victory for the developers.  It is insanely addicting, but there are a couple terrible ideas that plague each gaming session, preventing me from feeling that I had fun with it."
,Recommended,241600,9493401,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Shrek_Dog_Crab.jpg,"Great game, if you like castelvainia with a lot of challenging gameplay, this game is for you. Kinda like Dark Souls, if you are having a rough time, you can keep playing to get equipment and stats built up so you can progress even if you are not that good at the game"
,Recommended,241600,10496316,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Slick Fingarz,"I lost a day or so to this game, but it was worth it, a new take on the Rogue like platformer, but Play with a controller, it's WAY better."
,Recommended,241600,5990086,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,hidden2u,"Rogue-like rogue-lite metroidvania 2d retro platformer that made me feel like a boss at video games again.Especially get it if you like big picture mode, it works great with that and an xbox controller."
,Recommended,241600,10498607,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Brother Lish,"The game, simply put, is amazing. Enjoy old platformers? Enjoy the difficulty of classic games that seem to cater to the little kids these days? Take this game for a joy ride of awesome and never look back. Explore, kill monsters, hack and slash your way through a dungeon that's never the same, and above all else, be prepared to die. Its a quick pick up time killer game but can also hold attentions for hours on end. Gameplay, music, surprises, laughs...the game's got it all.10/10 - Solid gameplay, solid music, solid challenge. Couldn't ask for more.(Side note - Corded x-box controller isn't required, but will be highly appreciated)"
76561198072952836,Recommended,241600,10500692,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Manderson317,got killed by a chicken11/10 recommended
,Not Recommended,241600,10442419,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Numbuh 214,"This game is beautifully crafted, but the unfair boss design killed what little enjoyment I got out of it, especially because I stumbled across something in the game that unlocked a ""hard mode"" version of a boss I was only recently barely able to outpower. This is DEFINITELY NOT for gamers like me, who aren't good enough to overcome bad game design (and have begrudgingly accepted that they probably never will be)."
,Recommended,241600,10439644,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,DracoHandsome,"Rogue Legacy is a 2d (sprites) pseudo-Roguelike action platformer focusing on the acquisition of statistic upgrades / new abilities for your manor and your lineage of heroes. Its basic physics are somewhere between a NES or SNES platformer and a Metroidvania.Each individual hero you send into the dungeon will stay mostly as-is and will not be getting noticeably stronger as they fight. The primary resource you need to accrue is gold, obtained from destroying objects, killing enemies, and in much higher quantities from treasure chests and minibosses. (Or real bosses.)When you die, your character's ""last words"" will be a game tip to help you find your way around the game and do better next time (unless your character has compulsive swearing in which case their last words will be grawlix swears.) You will then be asked to pick an heir from one of 3 randomized options. The game will also let you scroll back to see every hero you've ever used in this playthrough right up to the prefab tutorial hero.After picking an heir, you will spend however much gold your last hero acquired on expanding your family's mansion / castle, forging new equipment with your blacksmith, or unlocking new runes with your Enchantress. These unlocked upgrades will then apply to every subsequent hero in your lineage.After you have decided on your upgrades, Charon will take everything you've got left before letting you into the castle again - thus, you have to get enough gold for your desired upgrade(s) in one run, until you get the upgrades that reduce his toll. You can also get an item in the dungeon that will skip his toll on your next entry only.Throughout the game, you will occasionally stumble on rooms containing journal entries, which will explain the goal of the game by showing a past adventurer taking the same route: The castle grounds have four biomes, each of which have one boss, and you need to take them all out to fight the final boss, who is always accessible from the first room. If you kill a boss, he stays dead - you don't need to fight them all with one hero (I'm not sure if that's even possible.)You will also occasionally bump into minibosses, who are easily identifiable by their dramatically increased size and their ability to kill you very quickly. Defeating these bosses will give you better chests than usual that will almost always contain a blueprint or a rune. If not, you'll get diamonds (lots of money.)You can find Strange Rooms, one of which contains a statue you can pray to for a bonus item. You can carry one item at a time. If you find another item room, you will lose the previous one if you pray.You may also encounter two NPC's in the dungeon.Booyan is a clown who will give you either an axe or a dagger accuracy game. If you get the highest score (10 or less targets left with axe or destroying all targets with dagger) he will give you about 450 gold and a miniboss chest.Miserly Elf will offer to take 25% of your gold and let you pick one of three chests. If you pick the correct one, you get triple your investment (multiplied by your Bounty boost), otherwise you get nothing. If you pick a Hero with a vision disorder and get the Nerdy Glasses elsewhere in the dungeon, you can see which chest contains the gold (i.e. cheat.)Finally, you will occasionally find rooms containing Fairy Chests, which will open if you can reach them after fulfilling a certain bonus condition (or will close permanently if you fail a bonus condition.) These will always contain runes.MISC. PROS:- Has New Game +. You can stack them, getting a new perk every time you beat the game. However, each New Game + will also make all of the enemies harder.- Some of the hero perks are purely for hilarity, e.g. if your character is bald, the castle will generate with ""Balding..."" instead of ""Building...""- You can use the Architect to keep your last run's dungeon layout, which means you can retry failed Fairy Chests et al. The drawback? -40% to your gold multiplier, which becomes meager once you can boost your multiplier up to 200% and beyond.MISC. CONS:- The four main bosses are nothing more than souped up regular enemies, even behaving extremely similarly to them. The fights are monotonous and frustrating, even more so when you fight the remix versions.- You can only pick from 3 randomly rolled heroes each generation, and sometimes will get 3 of the same class you don't like. This is mitigated partway through by an upgrade that lets you discard these and get 3 more random heroes, once each generation.- You can't fight the same boss twice in one playthrough, except if you give Charon a token to unlock its EX mode... which is not only much much harder but gives you a prefab'd character to do it with.- Only characters with the Flexible perk can change direction after you've pressed the attack key. Be careful!- You can't jump during a dash (but you can dash multiple times in midair.)MISC. TIPS:- Knight (Paladin) is far and away the easiest class. Consider using him on gold runs until you have Spelunker (not Miner.)- Enemies scale to your level, which is determined by your various lineage upgrades. The Curse and Grace runes will add or subtract levels to or from this scale, and I presume one Curse and one Grace cancel each other out.- You can only get the Nerdy Glasses (and thus cheat at the elf's game) if you have a vision disorder, which the glasses will heal. This includes vertigo, colorblindness, and nostalgia.- For ""Don't look"" Fairy Chests, face away from them and dash backwards into them. The condition will say complete as soon as you touch the chest, so you don't need to worry about overshooting and failing it.- Dwarfism allows you to slip into secret passages in walls that other characters can't enter.- Certain classes are better against certain bosses. Lich Royal w/ Crowstorm + full set of Siphon Runes = dead forest boss.- You get a damage multiplier for subsequent ""pogo"" attacks without landing. You can upgrade this multiplier in the manor.- After you get Increased Invulnerability Time, highlight it. Press Up. Get that.All in all, Rogue Legacy is a wonderful, hilarious, and sometimes very frustrating game. Definitely advise to give it a shot."
,Recommended,241600,10443423,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,iff700,"This game is excellent. It takes a great deal of perserverance and patience because of how difficult it is, but it's still a great game. The character traits are great, and the gameplay is stellar. I certainly recommend Rogue Legacy to those who think they can handle it :P"
76561198107234205,Recommended,241600,10455109,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Madmagican,"When I first heard about this game I was given the impression that it was an RPG first and a platformer second....the people describing the game like that need to stop right now, this is a rogue-like platformer with an upgrade system.If you don't like platformers, this isn't your style of game; you can go ahead an stop looking into the game.However, if you DO enjoy plaformers, let me talk about this little gem for a bit. Rogue Legacy is a game with an outstanding feel and contrastingly mediocre enemy design. The swinging of your sword feels like swinging a sword should, responsive and fluid, and the jumps are completely in your control as they reach their acceptable peak. These are the basics and extremely responsive basics at that. It just feels good to control, something that certain games fall limp on.Customization is a particular aspect Rogue Legacy strives on. By exploring the castle in its hundreds of forms, you can come across runes, money, and equipment to improve your future kin's chances of survival. Equipment is rather straight forward, better swords and pieces of armor provide boosts in strength but some lines of equipment have perks and disadvantages to go along with them (for example, the guardian line has great defense but heavy weight and weak attack). Runes are a little more unique, you get to have one rune per piece of armor and they provide extra skills such as extra jumps, dashing, vampirism, magic regeneration, floating, etc. Nothing ground breaking, but it lets you experiment a bit to keep you entertained. However, nothing could progress without money. Money is used for everything from improving base stats to unlocking new character classes to actually allowing you to use the equipment and runes you've found during your exploration.There's next to nothing for story aside from journal entries from the villain, but the game is built around the gameplay and that's what will keep you invested in the game. Rogue Legacy can be a breeze if you just focus on finishing the game, but for all you completionists out there, there's a neverending new game+ cycle (I'm on new game+17 right now) and revamped bosses to keep you busy with unlockables in postgame activities and the game become exponentially more difficult.I should mention the child system in this game. When your character dies, you don't start over with that same character, you venture into a new, randomly generated castle with one of you character's kids (hence the ""Legacy"" part of the title). Each offspring will have a class and specific traits that change how the game actually functions (you can be color blind, have vertigo and play the game upsidedown, you might be a compulsive swearer, it's randomized and that's the fun of it (although you have a choice between three successors)If Rogue Legacy sounds like fun to you, I wholeheartedly encourage you to try it out, it's worth your time and there's a great sense of exploration and achievement to come along in the quirky, crazy game.Go play it or something"
,Recommended,241600,10456088,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Master Roshi,Ruthless!
,Recommended,241600,9364432,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Jajayal,One of the best games of 2013. Up there with Spelunky and Binding of Isaac.
,Recommended,241600,728203,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,raptorsaurus,"A rogue-lite platformer? Where have you been all my life?!?!?This is a fantastic game that marries the best elements of platformers, such as tight controls, fun level design and rewarding gameplay, with the best elements of rougt-lites, like random level generation, hard-as-nails difficulty, near limitless replayability and permadeath. And to complete the entire package the game the graphics are unique and very pretty, the music is fantastic and a pleasure to listen to and both are reminicent of retro platformers.If you're a fan of platformers that have a unique and awesome spins on them, you should pick up Rogue Legacy."
,Not Recommended,241600,7905939,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,"HARK, A POSTERIOR",2/5 breddy bad
,Recommended,241600,8393669,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,gsroppsa,An amazing throwback to the golden era of  bit gaming. Deliciously nostalgic and surprisingly deep - my vote for Game of the Year 2013.
76561197963438075,Recommended,241600,9372447,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,PossiblyJimHenson,This game is horrificly addicting. Yet you should buy it anyways.
76561198047825687,Not Recommended,241600,9373040,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Karl,Ultimately more frustrating than fun. Deaths feel cheap and more like you're being trolled than anything else.
,Not Recommended,241600,9373046,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Pineapple King,"Grind, grind, grind, grind, grind and more grind there i explained the entire game.Get gold to level up which increases the cost of every other skill, want runes for your character? how bout double the cost every rune you buy for a slot. This game could have been more fun but realising that i wasted effort trying out characters becuase it made everything else more expensive was a big downer.A true cheap-like game: cheap mechanics, cheap enemies and cheap controls."
,Recommended,241600,9373801,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,TheKing,Addicting to the point that you can't even believe you are actually that addicted to this game. LOL!
76561198020624678,Recommended,241600,9373838,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Gronkar,"I generally hate Platformer type side scrolly games. However, this game, is definately the best one i have played. The castle upgradeing, the unique Legacy you create, the different monsters and boss fights are pretty tough. Over all a very good game in my opinion. If you see it on sale, get it. you won't regret it."
,Recommended,241600,9364339,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Tomas Boonty,EVERYONE SHOULD OWN GOTYAY
76561198027858721,Not Recommended,241600,9374754,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,swerdmurd,"Don't waste your time.Fantastic idea.  I really, really wanted to like this, but as seems to be the norm with platformers these days, the physics are horrid.  Who in god's name wants to float around slowly, at a confusingly low framerate, watching things happen 1/3 of a second after the buttons are pressed?  For a game that really wants to take its cues from Castlevania (Castleroid generation), it's puzling that the physics feel so painfully archaic.Jumps feel awful the entire game long.  Requiring me to hold down (and only down - which, thanks to every PC gamepad on the market, is completely impossible) to trip the platforms is asinine and doesn't work at all in practice.  The enemy damage scaling is hilariously abrupt - everything kills in one hit as soon as you change areas.  The checks and balances in equipment are too abrupt.  You never earn equipment badges from chests.Ultimately, despite a fantastic idea - it turns into every other roguelike. An utter crapshoot, completely devoid of skill.  The fact that the game performs so poorly can only be blamed on the developer not properly optimizing it, as a low-res 2d game with nothing but light scaling and transparencies should fly at 60fps on an etch a sketch... Yet my surface 1 can't run it to save it's life on ""max settings"" (if such a thing can so be called for 2d gaming.)Great concept, embarassing execution.  Uninstalling now - wish I had my 15 dollars back."
,Recommended,241600,9375102,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Elrieve,Rogue Legacy is one of very few games I ran to 100% completion.11/10.  Did play again.
76561198012958627,Recommended,241600,9375787,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Lord of the Wizards,Excellent platform game.
76561198025283826,Recommended,241600,9376845,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Scut Farkuss,Extremely old-school Ghouls and Ghosts difficult.  Fun but oh-so-hard!
76561198043493079,Recommended,241600,9377158,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Jordan4,Rogue Legacy is probably the best Rogue-Legacy-like in the whole world. Those Rogue-like games just copy Rogue Legacy. I cannot imagine a world in which Rogue Legacy is not a hit.
,Recommended,241600,9378080,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Graymoore,"I really enjoy this game, I probably have another 20+ hours of offline time. The variety is fun and when you die its quick back into the action. There are mechanics so that if you are looking to try and beat the game you can, but if like me your just after the gold, the game has you covered. There is a lot of depth to this metroidvania style game, not to mention I love the art style!"
76561198079936180,Recommended,241600,9378095,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,yellowduck9,Amazing. Smooth controlls and great addicting adventure. Must have for anyone who likes Adventures and mediveal stuff.
,Recommended,241600,9378264,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,GGsuz,"This game resemble to the Castlevania Symphony of the night , i simply love it, got it yesterday and already have spent many hours in it, i do recommend the game, everyone needs to play it before judging it, because the trailers dont explain or show the real fun of the game."
76561197974279756,Recommended,241600,7348367,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Guy 105,"Can't reccomend this game enough. It's really fun and suprisingly deep. The deeper you dig into the game, the more game mechanics you unlock. It just keeps getting better. It's nearly infinitely replayable with random dungeons and enemies. Get it. Worth $40 easy."
76561198071717453,Recommended,241600,9379480,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Shark Mode: [ONLINE] OFFLINE®,"I don't play a lot of 2D sidescrollers, but when I do, I play Rogue Legacy. Countelss hours of fun. 9/10"
76561197990544917,Recommended,241600,9379548,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Wraith,"Great game... It's just simple as that! After spending hours and hours without even noticing, i felt like i've been on Circe's bewitchment, it was a surreal game based on a simple premise that yields much fun and pleasure. There's not enough thumbs to up for this game!"
,Recommended,241600,9379604,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,DeliMeatz,This game can ruin your life.  It's too fun to put down and you will mumble just one more run.  But it's never just one more run.  Highly recommend.
,Recommended,241600,9263032,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Domm Dynamite,This game is super addicting. It reminds me of the old Castlevania side scrollers. I love exploring each new dungeon and seeing how far I can get. Also the leveling up is great! All around a great game I have played and will continue to play for hours.
76561198028677260,Recommended,241600,9263528,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,tiredhippo,One of the highly addictive games that makes you feel like you're always getting that little bit better.
76561197967264082,Recommended,241600,271969,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,TheWorthlessFellow,Bashy fun
,Recommended,241600,2388067,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Lysander,"Love this game.  It's not quite a Rogue-like, far too much is saved between lives.  It's not quite a Metroidvania because nothing is off-limits except for final boss (though the more difficult enemies will generally set the order you explore areas).  It's all about optimizing your play style to get the most money each life, so that you slowly become strong enough to progress further.Good music, good art, tight controls.  What little story that exists is pretty good.  Overall a great action platformer.  There's a new game plus (forced on you really) for replayability, which basically just scales the enemies up. After the third time you beat it I don't think it gets any harder, but that was 20+ hours in for me."
,Recommended,241600,279572,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Luciforged,"Castlevania meets Binding Of Issac with less of a penalty  for dying. You will die, many times, but every new character is stronger than the last and can venture further into the randomly generated Castle to collect more gold and equipment to make your future Heros even stronger. This is a great game and concept, the screenshots don't do this game justice with its smooth animation and fast gameplay. A must play for Castlevania-Metroid Fans!"
,Recommended,241600,9296784,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Jehl703,Incredibly addicting yet incredibly frustrating until you build your fortress.
76561197975277227,Not Recommended,241600,9303115,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Beefbayonet,"Fun at the start.Then becomes grindy and frustrating. The frustration being from the fact that you will have to grind gold to advance further, repeating a lot of the same (now easy by this stage) content over and over which gets quite boring. It soon becomes less about skill and more about time/stats.The progression starts to feel very stagnant and absurd.You are better off spending your money on Spelunky or Binding of Isaac. Both games are far superior to this and feel much more rewarding."
76561198065478676,Recommended,241600,9309371,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Channing all over your Tatum,Awesome and almost never ending
,Recommended,241600,9309375,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,MontyPla,"It's basically Castlevania mixed with a rougelike. Fun sense of humour, simple but challenging gameplay, all with a nice art style and music."
76561198065665341,Recommended,241600,9336614,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Lasertaco,"It's like The Binding of Isaac except with no flash, no binding, and no Isaac."
,Recommended,241600,10430555,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Isengrim,"Rogue Legacy, is a rogue-like which means - permadeath, randomly generated content, being hard-as-nails.Is it good?Indeed it is. It's a 2-d platformer in which you must defeat 4 bosses to face the last one.But you won't be able to do that with the first of your line...You will die, and when you will die - you will choose your heir, choosing them by class and traits, as they are the ones the you will play as next.You collect gold, and when you die, you will be able to upgrade your castle, armour and equip runes to help your next character survive. Better spend it all, because the gatekeeper guarding the door to your goal, will take the rest ( or a significant amount if you leveled a specific section of a castle ).Game is hard but fair, simplistic but still challenging and very often it invokes the ""just one more run"" aspect.It also is very tongue-in-cheek.Recommended, that's for certain."
,Recommended,241600,10430780,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,cromwell1982,"A realy fun little time killer. Every attempt creates new challenges. Though the traits of your ""children"" will get a bit repetitive after a while they still contribute to the uiqueness of every single attempt to master the castles."
76561198111008759,Recommended,241600,10431064,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Mirai Kuriyama,10/10 Butthurt Secured!
76561198116463542,Recommended,241600,10432204,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,WhyBother,Rouge Legacy is an epic game that makes you think in tight situations and throws you into action at any given time the game is very fun and gets very intense. You start your heir and continue your legacy with every round 9/10 worth buying totally.
,Recommended,241600,1725230,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,DarkEco,"I've recently started getting in to the rogue genre. It began for me with The Binding of Isaac, but Rogue Legacy is 10 times better. As with all rogue games (to my knowledge) the world is randomly generated each time you enter and you must make your way as far through it as possible beofre you die. And you will die...A LOT. However in Rogue Legacy dying is not as much of a punishment as it is in other permadeath games. It's a necessary fate you need succumb to in order to progress and grow stronger, not just in play experience but by levelling up your character and investing in perk points using the treasure you found on your previous run. This keeps the game fun and addictive, and despite the numerous times you will die you never feel angry enough to hit the quit button."
,Recommended,241600,10432853,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Darky,very good!
76561198022963645,Recommended,241600,10433063,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,DrunkFerret,"Good Game. I usually hate 8 bit platformers, but this one is good. Definitely grindy, but that's what keeps you playing. Cool class options and customization. I got it on sale 10JUN14. It is definitely worth a couple dollars, 15 too much imo, but like I said I don't like 8 bit platformers. I picked it up for 5 and have no regrets."
,Recommended,241600,1619727,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Lelbee,Great game! Recommend a controller though.
76561197973941281,Recommended,241600,10433718,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Scian,"Fantastic game - definitely one of the better games I've played recently.  At $5 on sale, it's a steal!"
,Recommended,241600,10433869,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Six Hundred Sixty Six,"Rogue Legacy is easily one of the best games I have ever played. I know I have heard a lot people mention that they do not like the grindy feel of the game. I think with ANY RPG there is going to be some grindy feel. With that said, the grinding you have to do in the beginning of the game is fun, really fun and satisfying. After the firast 40-50 levels, the game only gets better, you start to survive longer and you are able to take on bosses. Antoher aspect of this game that makes it so good is the tight controlls and music. I cannot stress this enough, this game and it's controls are amazing IF you have a xbox 360 controller. It completely changes the game and makes it 10x better. The music in this game is fun and just gets you in the mood for that fun platform type adventure game. Overall, I would give this game a 9.5/10. I would ahve given it a  10/10 but I found that the enemies got a plain and all that was changed were a few small textures and colours."
76561197973152118,Recommended,241600,10433955,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,BadAss,"one of the best side scrollers I have ever played, its up there w megaman x"
,Recommended,241600,10433970,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,snintendog,Lives up to its name a rouge like game and you will die alot. The only complaint is there is alot of money grinding if you feel under powered and some enemy placements are cheap the doomvas enemy in particular put its fairly hard to get that placements within at least 3 lives though you can get real unlucky dungeon layouts at times.
76561198015285400,Recommended,241600,10434191,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Khartwheel,"My favorite game from 2013.  Incredibly addicting and replayable, with a good leveling system and options for new game+ modes.  Strongly recommend a controller, keyboard controls aren't really responsive enough for this game."
,Recommended,241600,10434883,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,hoodfu78,Say good bye to your free time!
,Recommended,241600,10435258,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,xMelonLordx,"This game is very fun and very hard at the beginning. The randomly generated castle plus the option to ""lock it down"" to keep it from changing, are wonderful concepts. The sweet irony of this game is that dying is half the fun. Sure you have to start over, but seeing what some the ridiculous disease/disorder combos can be hilarious. I definately recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,241600,10435603,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Deputy Dong,"A game of grinding, but ungrindable because you lose your coins every time you die. Within an hour, everything will be much too expensive to afford, so you just have to keep going in and getting slaughtered with no way to build up cash for upgrades."
,Recommended,241600,10435822,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,bigmantonyd,"A perfectly tuned, precision side-scrolling platformer.  With procedurally generated levels and a deeply robust character development system, Rogue Legacy will hold your attention for weeks.  If you love the old 8-bit Marios and Megamans, this is for you."
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,241600,10436817,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,"If you dont have a controller dont play this. The controls are so bad it is boggling, like Right is H, Left is L, Weapon is O, mouse does nothing, a real dropped pie of a consol port."
,Recommended,241600,10437273,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Just Joe King/Hazel,Pretty awesome so long as you have a controller.
,Recommended,241600,10439130,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,codo,"Imagine Dark Souls as a platformer, only more cruel somehow. Great little game, especially on sale. If the controls were just a little tighter and there was some attempt at a story, could be a real classic. If you're an old schooler like me you cant miss this"
76561198039117178,Not Recommended,241600,9387132,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Big Daddy Nasty,boring as hell
,Recommended,241600,9388668,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Cromley,"Randomly generated platforming dungeon + a choice of random traits for each decendant of your family line = no two runs will ever be the same. If you enjoy the challenges of exploration and don't fear death (it's OK, you need to die so your decendants can inherit your loot) then this should provide hours of fun."
,Recommended,241600,9388954,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Backdoor Smashley,"What an absolutely brilliant game! The roguelike gameplay and steep learning curve provide a challenge that, not unlike games like dark souls, is enough to make it really tough but at the same time the game doesn't hate you. You will die, a lot, but that is actually part of the entire premise, fantastic game, so damn fun to play"
76561198039932628,Recommended,241600,9389656,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Princess Cookie,"You should really buy this game, it has gay knights..."
76561197967558464,Recommended,241600,9389777,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Mr Torgue,THIS IS NOT DARK SOULS BUT YOU SHOULD PREPARE TO DIE ANYWAY AND THEN PLAY A SICK GUITAR SOLO FOR YOUR EVEN  MORE AWESOME SUCCESSORS FROM BEYOND THE GRAVE MEEDLYMOWWWWW!!!
,Recommended,241600,9389859,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,assistking69,Great game.
76561197998166427,Recommended,241600,9389885,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Møthmərk,Play this game if you like games that don't suck.
,Recommended,241600,9390023,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,gamingfr3ak,"It is difficult to begin a review of this game that accurately captures both its awesomeness and appeal. Fans of hack-and-slash games, dungeon crawlers, and RPG's alike will find themselves pouring hours and hours into this game. You explore a massive castle, with each new area revealing new enemies and evolutions of previous ones. You scour the castle for gold to upgrade your abilities in order to defeat the bosses in each area. When you die, you keep your gold, and your next character spends it on permanent upgrades like health and damage, new equipment (which you must find blueprints for in the castle) and 'runes' to attach to your equipment (which you also find in the castle, but must complete a challenge to obtain). However, you must spend your gold wisely, as you lose it all upon re-entering the castle! This is a great example of one of the many ways this game is brilliantly balanced. Another is the castle layouts. Each time you die, your next character explores a whole new layout. Unless, of course, you agree to give a percentage of your gold to one of the characters in front of the castle so that he can keep the layout the same! Finally, you do not get to choose your character and customize them complete. Instead, when you begin a new character, you can choose from one of three, each with their own unique traits and class and magic. This may sound like a bad thing, but it often instead leads you to discover the use of a class you have not used much, and how to deal with some of the more difficult traits in the game.All in all, this is a game that will continue to draw you back death after death, Sometimes your best character will meet an untimely death, and sometimes your worst will make you the richest hero alive. Never knowing what will happen next is half the fun, and the further you get the less predictable things become, even as more abilities become available to you. While this game is quite challenging, I would recommend it to anyone, as it is a top-of-the-line model when it comes to games of any kind."
,Recommended,241600,2115335,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,tyraraven,"This is one of the best indie games I have ever played.  Can't possible recommend it enough.  Starts out super difficult, but as you unlock you become more and more super powered until you feel like you are a complete badarse.Buy it now ^^"
,Not Recommended,241600,9389833,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,tyrealhsm,"An interesting concept, but trying to play this game on the PC without a controller is ♥♥♥♥ing painful. The controls for this game are awful and you can't bind anything to shift, control, or your mouse keys. ♥♥♥♥. That."
76561198119227797,Recommended,241600,9390285,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,smullins7,"This is a difficult but very rewarding platformer. At first I was frustrated by constantly dying in this game, but after sticking with it for a few hours suddenly everything started to click and become more enjoyable. I've been playing for almost 10 hours and am through the majority of the game (I think). I'd definitely recommend this to fans of difficult platformers."
,Recommended,241600,9390416,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,FarcraW,A Really amazing game!!! totaly recomend!
,Recommended,241600,9390476,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,TallMagik,im doing this for my vag
,Recommended,241600,9390816,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Night,"A great roguelike action platformer that is randomly generated each run, as your descendants level up and gain in power."
,Recommended,241600,7480853,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,AnimateDream,Warning! Addictive!
,Recommended,241600,9391356,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Junk,"Despite it's frustrations, (but most definitely my lack of skill in playing the game!) this side-scrolling, dungeon-stomping, monster-slaying game is actually pretty fun. Every time I load it up, I know I'm going to end up dead. And I tell myself. Just one more round. ONE MORE. ... And that ends up with seven or eight more times playing before I force myself to stop.It really is quite addicting."
,Recommended,241600,9391379,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Tuckus,tippers
76561198044647404,Recommended,241600,9391540,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Cycrosa,"A very good retro feeling game, with great mechanics, and the overall objective of the game has an incredible Castlevania feel to it. Also has a touch of Super Meat Boy and The Binding of Issac, trust me this game has an amazing amount of variation, with loads of eventual classes with amazing ways to play them, and how the castle is randomised every time, with replayability off the charts this games gets a rating of... Buy it Now!Every thing about this game has an awesome feel to it, the controls, the music, heck even the references are cool, and sometimes even useful!However, I wouldn't recommend the game on lore and story, because there virtually is none, though there are a bunch of cool secrets, and much more that I have barely even scraped myself!"
,Recommended,241600,9435376,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Horns,"It begins quite difficult. You'll die often but it won't be the discouraging types of deaths because your characters are continually improving (as long as you last long enough to acquire enough gold).  By hour 20 into the game you characters will be able to slice through the entire game in one life if you set your runes and armor correctly. And THEN.. you'll get to fight the ""remix"" bosses. This is a bit like combatting an elephant by hurling pebbles at it.  I could only successfully kill one of them and that's all I could take. If you do possess the mental fortitude to beat them all you'll be rewarded with a new special class.  Highly recommend the game up until the remix bosses.  Cheers yo."
,Recommended,241600,9435568,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Parrot,An amazingly fun and equally challenging game that rewards you and keeps you coming back for more. Worth a try!
76561198073466450,Recommended,241600,13338121,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ConnorXU,Fantastic roguelike.
,Recommended,241600,5573794,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Aerolith,This game is fantastic...serriously!!!
,Recommended,241600,7428216,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Dude Cakes,"Awesome game, I can always go back to it and kill stuff while still having a blast."
,Recommended,241600,10182276,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Green Tea,"A good tool to teach people that everybody can be a hero, no matter the talent or defects(?) they may have.Also, if you want to actually beat the game you need to sacrifice A TON of children."
,Recommended,241600,13410863,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,PugChampion☠,Really nice game lots of armors and runes too find aswell as bosses and new monsters. Definatly worth picking up!
76561198099229930,Recommended,241600,13412984,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,rpargee,Very addicting. Can get a little repetitive. Tight platforming
76561198031022421,Recommended,241600,13413068,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Aleryn,"So I've been playing this game for a while, and I thoroughly enjoy the random level generator, even after purchasing the architect. The different classes are balanced out quite well, (Knave with increased crits, Barbarian with increased health) and the choice to increase your skills through purchasing parts in your castle, and the people before the castle give the game a sense of overall control over the level up aspect.I recommend the game to anyone and everyone who enjoys a well thought-out Metroidvania-esque game with a great random generator."
,Recommended,241600,13800816,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,OccultDeFlower,It is a bit hard at first but if you keep to it then it will provide you with a highly rewarding experience.
76561198029136057,Recommended,241600,13802055,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bowser From Sonic,"I'm really glad I was wrong about this one being bad. Rogue Legacy is a game where you start out as a character trying to take down a dungeon. Except each time you die instead of using that character again, you get a different one. These characters can range from different traits such as ADHD and other things which give it different stats and build ups. You will be dying a lot in this game since its really hard. I feel like some of this game was put in the game Shovel Knight due to the hardness. The dungeon is randomized each time giving you a different experience as you go which is really cool. However the amount of times you die will cause you to feel like you're making zero progress at all which can be really demotivating making you quit this game. Not me though, I am addicted to this game and I bought it on this and the PS4! Its a lot of fun and I definately recommend it... If you like hard games.Rogue Legacy gets a 9/10"
,Recommended,241600,13796745,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Nadir,"Finally, a roguelike I can get in to! I check out of most roguelikes because of their excessive and random difficulty. This ""rogue-lite"" has enough RPG elements to make me feel like I'm progressing instead of battling against an RNG."
,Recommended,241600,10732719,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ReckyDaGuy,It's just one of those games where your child can be gay or something.
76561198027216068,Recommended,241600,13790063,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,BlueSenshi,"I really enjoyed this game. The controls are extremely responsive, and customizing the abilities gives you a lot of options to play the game differently (double jump, dash, fly, etc). The random effects on each character adds some charm and additional options. It makes you want to try different things, which adds a lot of replay value. The difficulty ramps up well as you progress.The graphics are great. They remind me of my old SNES days.The music is great, and if you find jukeboxes in the game, you can change to another song for a bit.Overall, I'd give this game a 10/10. Would play again."
,Recommended,241600,13750379,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,SpaShadow,"Very good game, with a intestesing story line, but could use a little more content to it but fairy good game. Can be a little hard from time to time, but it is randomly generated so he can be very easy or very hard. They could make the money just a little bit easier to get other than that everything is nearly perfect."
76561198025408872,Recommended,241600,13750595,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MarkZerolifePodcast,"A great rougelike the adds in basic rpg mechanics to ensure that you always feel like you are progressing. Great art, great music and well refined (if simple) gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,241600,13751214,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Gruntled Cheesecake,"Great game, kept me playing for hours with it's one more run type of gameplay. The reincarnation feature males every playthrough different, the classes mean that you can go from a tanky dyslexic brute one game to a dwarf glass cannon mage who can't see the third dimension. Although many if the traits are just small things, the upgrade sytem allows you to feel as though you are getting stronger. Runes also allow a lot of diversity in terms of gameplay as you can heavily rely on a rune for extra mobility to speed up gameplay or help solve puzzles quicker. I would highly reccomend this game, however I played with a controller as I found it easier to use."
76561198054194626,Recommended,241600,13751250,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sherlock,"Rogue Legacy has the charm of an old side scrolling adventure game, really giving the game a sort of 'Castlevania: Symphony of the Nights' feel, a game I would place high up on my list. The castle in Rogue Legacy changes it's layout and from what I could figure out, never really repeated itself as much as had a certain repeated feel. There were many of the same setup in the rooms but in different spots with different enemies and loot. This game makes you want to see how an inverted giant barbarian with diarrhea plays, just for the sheer laugh. You'll watch many of your favorite heirs be slain by there not being enough potions, only to find the next character you play you love even more. With a New Game + system that increases difficulty (I really mean increases), carries over everything you've upgraded in your castle and keeps you wanting to see what you can push yourself to do. Things unmentioned would be the super bosses, the amazing feel of the controls, design of levels and humor make this game a must play."
76561198076831562,Recommended,241600,13756387,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,dany.offek,"Amazing game !! Even though it's basically repetitive, it offers interesting new challenges every game play, with different character twists."
,Recommended,241600,13672734,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Adamski,"Did the Rogue Legacy drinking game with some buddies one evening; took a shot each time I died, now I have no liver.10/10 would play again."
76561198040683365,Recommended,241600,11954426,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Danny,One of my favorite games. If you love rogue like games play this.
,Recommended,241600,13673402,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sempai,"It's a ♥♥♥♥ing amazing game, worth it."
,Recommended,241600,17230854,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Entirity,"+Visuals+Upgrade Trees+Variety of skills, traits, items, lots of variety+BossesYou really feel your progression throughout the game as you slowly increase in power. The cool thing about this game is no matter your skill level you will eventually beat it, since you just keep getting stronger."
,Recommended,241600,17234014,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Randy Stair,"I have no idea why this game is referred to as a Roguelike. It's nothing like Rogue aside from permadeath.However, it's probably my new favourite Metroidvania-style game, which is good because my previous one was a porn game. [Kurovadis, which is still a great title.]Don't be disheartened if you start off failing really early on, things slowly get better.I rate it."
76561197978614434,Recommended,241600,17240251,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Zero Harmada,Challenging and engaging. What more can you ask for?
,Recommended,241600,17240540,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,kuz,"i don't like going into the kitchen and finding out that my dad was the one who drank all of my chocolate milk, as he proceeds to spill the rest on the floor in front of you.That's also the plot of this game, spoilers."
,Not Recommended,241600,17575115,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Farva,"i wanted to like this game, i really wanted to. But in the end, its a grindfest. some people may like it, but its not for me."
,Not Recommended,241600,17577076,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,BigAnal420,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls for such a great game. would only recommend on console or if you have a controler. I could only stand the controls for about 10 minutes as you can see on my play time. I play this game frequently however on ps3 and find it very fun when not battling against, again, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CONTROLS"
,Recommended,241600,17556775,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Pink Freud,"GREAT game.  Frustratingly difficult at times.That being said, I feel this game is much better with a gamepad and could not bear to play it on keyboard."
,Recommended,241600,17677913,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,☣Patient Zero☣,Great game. A must have if you like platformer/action rouge-likes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSe8z_FB7iw
76561197970384883,Recommended,241600,17677964,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,FHDA,84%
76561198152763178,Recommended,241600,17778364,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Meiji,"The mechanics of Rogue Legacy are simple. You have a sword to slash, magic spells to use, and the occasional class ability.  You travel through 4 areas of a pseudo-randomly generated castle fighting the many enemies and the occational mini and full bosses. Though the game may sound like a grind, and may even feel like it for the first few lives, you soon will become addicted to its rewarding and fun gameplay. The mechanics are greatly executed and the gameplay keeps interest over several playthroughs. Controls are spot on, but I would recommend using a gamepad if you have one. One more thing, if the normal game is not enough of a challenge for you, the remix bosses will make you cry."
,Recommended,241600,17799456,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,doggiebro,gg but personally i play it on consle (ps4) but its a great game overall fun and many hours of play time... also 5 star where ever the star thing is...
,Recommended,241600,16788200,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Perky Obama,"do you like dieing, if so get dark souls, if you also like action platformers you should get this"
,Recommended,241600,16802765,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,seesaw,Tremendous. Only complaint is that there isn't more of it. Can't recommend this game highly enough.
,Recommended,241600,16803569,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Otrebor,The best indie game that I ever played.
76561198087141210,Recommended,241600,9228885,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,jamandmilk,This family just doesnt see to go extinct no matter how many are killed
76561198012503601,Not Recommended,241600,9673928,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,DarkEvilSaint,"Since Steam doesn't provide a stars or points rating system for games the only way to downrate Rogue Legacy is not to recommend it. What is my problem with this game?I know myself that I am not the best platform gamer. I do not play that sort of games very often so I knew to some extent that RL would be a challenge for me. Of course the main reason for me to buy RL was its game principle. Dying is not bad at all and it's even a central part of the game by investing earned money, blueprints and so on after death.So I liked this refreshing idea which I miss in a lot of blockbuster titles nowadays. When I started playing this game there was a big motivation to become better. In this respect it is good that skills cost more for each purchased level. However, the rise of the cost is too much and the fact that the overall character's level is part of the formula is the decisive knockout for me. I know that a lot of platform indie gamers and developers emphasize a hardcore gaming experience - but sorry, in the end this is too frustrating for me.Apart from that there could be a greater repertoire of enemies. Some are just a bigger version of the previous ones, throwing more fireballs or whatever. And I think a COMPLETELY randomly generated dungeon is not that good. It causes balancing problems and sometimes it is nice to have a little storyline (RL journal entries are not enough). And it makes more fun to explore a well-designed world than walking through meaningless rooms. Only partially generated would be fine. Having randomly generated traits is funny, but often they don't mean that much for the gaming experience and because the character dies so fast there is too less identification with your traits or the hero.I'd say overall 7 of 10 points, 6 of 10 if you are not a hardcore platform gamer."
76561198025476729,Recommended,241600,16687518,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,UnchartedLaker,"Pretty solid game. There may be others like it, but this is the first time i've played a platformer with elements like it. You play as a family line of knights to try and figure the secrets of this castle. Then each generation you can get new upgrades for your next of kin. Then each line of the family isn't the same as before; there are different classes, traits, conditions that each iteration has. Then the castle itself evolves everytime! (if you don't decide to lock it down) Each element of this works beautifully together from the soundtrack to player control to the environment. Enemies can be relentless. The comedy throughout is great. Just an overall solid game that most everyone can get behind"
,Recommended,241600,16689967,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sluggy The Unshaven,I LIVE. I DIE. I LIVE AGAIN!
,Recommended,241600,16691723,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Muboshi,"For whatever reason this makes me nostalgic for old school Dungeons and Dragons. The kind that was super deadly and that if you made it past the first couple of levels that was a rare thing.I love this game. If you like side scrolling, classic 16 bit feel, dungeon crawling, RPGing, with a ""Rogue Like Twist"" then this is the game for you. Prepare to die often, but really that is part of the fun is it not?"
76561197997429264,Recommended,241600,16692516,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,richygoku16,Awesome value for the price. It's somewhat of a Castlevania type game. Ate up 23 hours of my time. I enjoyed every second.
,Recommended,241600,8711375,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,m1k3y60659,"Pretty fun. Harder than it looks, but a fun time waster. Not really worth $15, but I would buy it for $10. If it's on sale, then give it a go."
,Recommended,241600,8711865,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,glennthefrogjj,This game is friggen awesome.  This game is some of the most fun I've had in a very long time.  The platforming is just about perfect.  The progression system is one of the most inventive I've played.  The difficulty is just about spot on.  And the game has a nice sense of humor to boot.  Play it with a controller.
76561197970571810,Recommended,241600,7370443,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,ExHippy,Suprisingly fun platformer with a decent sense of humour.
,Recommended,241600,8768949,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Watch_Your_Cow,"A very enjoyable game. Better to grind on levels than try to strong arm the bosses though. Still, I recommend this game for all players."
,Recommended,241600,8769993,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Silent-Bob,"Having recently finished this game, I can whole heartedly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a rogue-like gameplay.  Do not let the initial difficulty stop you from giving this game a good, hard try."
76561198047741473,Recommended,241600,8771632,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Time Traveling Fetus,"A fun mix of hand-eye coordination, unusual controls, fire balls and sword clipping through walls, and fast-paced fun."
,Recommended,241600,8771902,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Clyde Frog,"The best impulse purchase game I've ever gotten on steam. If you are a fan of Metroid/Castlevania, get this game. 9/10."
76561197978173579,Recommended,241600,8772989,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,avizacherman,"Addictive, ton of fun, challenging, clever and charming.Rogue Legacy starts off slow, and ramps up fast. As you become better and unlock more, the game gets tougher and tougher until you eventually get the right pace of skills and abilities to combat the dungeon. Highly recommended"
,Recommended,241600,8774160,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Desmondia,"Awesome game. Amazing sense of humor that plays throughout the entire experience. Vast replayability. Excellent controls. Wonderful art direction. Tons of fun to play, and a real challenge to boot. A must have for any steam user's library. Hopefully this game gets out there in a big way. Bravo, Cellar Door Games, Bravo."
,Recommended,241600,8794595,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,fowlskins,most addictive game ive played in agessimple and yet complex at the same time a throw back to games that were great without all the whistles and bells and unlimited healthit is really slick you have to learn each enemys attacks and choose your chars traits and class to suit the dungeon your currently trying to completethere is a nice feel of progression and once you have completed it once the game gets harder so there is replay aswelldefinatley recommend this to anyone
76561198054572359,Recommended,241600,8798393,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Rasmus E.O Sweedwagon,its hard as hell. but thats part  of what makes it good. beating the bosses after ours of gold grinding is super satisfying. the perk system is  awesome and so is the loot system.
,Recommended,241600,764072,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,InS@NiTy,Really well designed game. Gets better and better as it goes on.
,Recommended,241600,8036836,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,MaliMisho,"Rogue Legacy is a 2D platformer with a really cool leveling system. You spend gold to buy upgrades and gold can be found by either killing enemies or destroying stuff. You play with a single life and when you die, you choose a new hero and replay the same game but the level is semi-randomized. The further the player gets into the level, the harder it gets. You can't really reach very far at first, but as you get better and level up, you get to new areas and kill the bosses. The story is told only through ""Journel Entries"" that are found through out the game.There's a lot of other fun things they do. It's worth picking it up."
76561197985270742,Recommended,241600,8902473,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Notthefakepat,"This is a glorious game. It is easy to pick up and play for hours, or just pop on for a 5 minute slash fest. The storyline is fun, the characters are neat, and the monsters are challenging. I couldn't really ask for more."
76561197992837320,Recommended,241600,8907446,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Tegami,"If you were looking for a game that has a ♥♥♥♥ TON of replay value then this si the game for you. Just be aware of the staggering difficulty of the game, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED."
76561198047760350,Recommended,241600,8907665,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,{NPG} russdog71,fun game can waste hours just grabbing loot and upgrading characters
,Recommended,241600,8815778,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,hat,Good game.
,Recommended,241600,8944370,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Samuraixamateur,I missed the last sale in which rogue legacy was on sale for like 5 bucks.. i couldnt wait to try it any longer and Im so glad I didn't wait.. I love this game its so addicting!! Even though its constant death-- its the constant want to get better and better and upgrade that keeps me playing.
76561197960810668,Recommended,241600,8945175,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,chemwizard,"Incredibly fun and challenging Metroidvania-style roguelike with a killer twist - your character death is avenged by your children.  Your offspring have traits, good and bad, and through them you unlock the mystery of the castle.A lot of replay value as well, once beaten, as the update in Dec. 2013 has added very, very challenging new boss modes which may want you to pull your hair out in frustration.While the game is hard, it is mostly fair, and is a wonderful experience for the cynical gamer looking for something a little different, yet familar.  Two enthusiastic thumbs way up!!!"
,Recommended,241600,8945429,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Hash Slinging Slasher,"HA if Dark Souls was 2D it would be this game. Thats not all its good for thiers secrets, story, humor (a lot of that) and an all around fun challenge. Just get the game and stop reading the reviews you will think me later....oh and have fun Dying A LOT! HAHAHAHAHA!"
,Recommended,241600,9069631,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,shutupfox,"A lot of the games I've been playing recently revolve around failure as a reward, making it into a learning experience and less of a frustration. Great job Rogue Legacy on nailing this tenant of game design."
,Recommended,241600,13715092,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hennezylive@twitch.tv,The best argument for having less-than-stellar children
,Recommended,241600,13715331,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Tutie,Fun rogue-like side scroller.
,Recommended,241600,13718131,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,olly!,First couple of hours are painful and frustrating but afterwards it's okay. Though the difficuly level of each individual room varies wildly which is a bad thing IMHO.
76561198064568051,Recommended,241600,13719499,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Poncho Man,"Rogue Legacy has made the roguelike accessible to even the most casual player. They implemented a system in which the roguelike model of perma-death actually makes sense. There are so many inside jokes, surprises, and loot to be had. I've played 12 hours, and I still haven't unlocked all of the gear, or finished my castle, or beaten all of the bosses. For $15? Sign me up.Rating:9/10"
76561198076007008,Recommended,241600,13720442,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,hardbangstick,It's a good game
,Recommended,241600,13562347,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,OrdinaryPanda,"I love this game.Great controls and semi-random layouts of the levels keep it feeling fresh even though you are ""starting over"" after each death. You keep items from life to life, and gold from the previous run.The design of the gameplay loop feeds the ""one more run"" monster that lives in the back of your mind (or at least mine)You die after a long successful run in the castle. This would be the ""breaking point"" for most people: the most likely time to put the controller down. But RL reloads nearly instantaneously, and puts upgrades and item purchases at the beginning of your next life. If you unlock a new skill or item, there is an itch to test drive those upgrades... then bam it's 3am again."
76561198119642959,Recommended,241600,13598451,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Beary Bearable,"As much as I enjoy this game, the windowing on the Macs cut off part of the screen. You'd think you could go full screen too, but the option is sadly not there. You can't even change the size of the window. This does make playing the game a little more frustrating when you can't see what just hit you. Besides that gripe this game is a blast and can keep you comming back for more."
,Recommended,241600,13603280,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PabstyBlueRibbon,"I could spend the rest of my life playing this game, while offering a difficult challenge, this game does not make it impossible to have fun.10/10"
76561198079888109,Recommended,241600,13554899,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LiquidGZA,"This game is great. If you're looking for a nice splash of difficulty, mixed with rewarding gameplay, look no further!Death is a fundamental part of Rogue Legacy. Do not be discouraged by your mistakes, rather treat them as learning experiences for your next run through the Castle. Learning enemy attack patterns is crucial to your survival.The map itself is rogue generated, so after each death the map resets. You can eventually unlock an ability to ""lock the castle map down"" at a cost of 40% of the gold you would receive in the subsequent play run.Platforming, hack and slash, Metroidvania-esque map generation; this game is a throw back to everything games used to be. I'm biased, but this is exactly what I look for in a game. I'm about 16 hours in, 2 bosses, and I'm loving every minute. About to fire it up to try and beat the 3rd area.Good luck and enjoy!"
,Recommended,241600,13557921,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,inspector42,Great game!
76561198043582939,Recommended,241600,13559100,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DoritoFro,"This has got to be on of the funnest platformers I've played to date. Maddeningly difficult at times until you ""get it"".  Rewarding when you do well. Make sure you have a controller because it's not the same with KB/Mouse."
,Recommended,241600,13560093,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,RokB,Nice game.
,Recommended,241600,13578607,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,AkumaMasurao,"Do you like backtracking, monotony, sidequests, cutscenes, hand holding, state of the art graphics, and clunky controls? Then go play another game. Rogue Legacy is not for you. For everybody else, welcome to your next obsession!"
,Recommended,241600,13579504,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,[JL]Zoi,This game is like playing 2 Decades of Dignity.You don't win. You just do a little better each time.Well I guess there might be an end... I just haven't seen it yet...
76561197968981073,Recommended,241600,14471206,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dagonnon,Replayability - CheckFantastic soundtrack - Check (Whale Shark nuff said)Difficult enough to keep coming back.
76561198091237601,Recommended,241600,14471210,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,GiantHorseDong,"This is a great game with great visuals, controls, story, design and is definetely worth your time."
,Recommended,241600,14474102,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Mithyx,"Quite fun.There's a lot of depth into the game, and what's interesting about it is that you can choose your own path.Also, when it says no run is the same, that's no joke. That isn't just some marketing joke, it's real.Nothing will be the same, not even the characters you play as.Fun, and well variated."
,Recommended,241600,14502669,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Qmar,"Action platformer with randomly generated dungeon. Classes provide variety in gameplay, there's upgrades, and unlocking new classes too."
,Recommended,241600,14629848,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,One of my favorite roguelike games out there. This reminds me of castlevania symphony of the night.
,Recommended,241600,13816267,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Amazing Pizza Machine,great game
,Recommended,241600,6939209,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Dogs Eat Tacos?,cool game for people who like fantasy
,Recommended,241600,7722822,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Vandheer,"""My dutes are to my family, but I am loyal only to myself"""
76561197986732936,Recommended,241600,9768291,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Σ π Ω,"If you are into Vania style platformers, this one is pretty good."
76561197997698739,Recommended,241600,9772913,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Stray Cat,Excellent RPG with intense combat and challenging combat.
,Recommended,241600,9774848,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,FellFoe,THIS!
,Recommended,241600,9775730,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Fabiolean,"Fantastic game. Rogue-Like with modern game design conceits. Lots of nods to games like Castlevania, too."
,Recommended,241600,9745217,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,pert02,"Rogue Legacy is a rogue-like random dungeon generated game. Starting from this point has a nice movement a fight mechanics, despite being basic they are more than enough for its game-style.The main point of this game is the replayability. You will probably take way too long to get bored of this game, even after finishing it many times. Why? It is challenging everytime you will play it. The traits on your descendants may give you a good or bad character depending on what you want to do in the castle, which will be different everytime you get killed.There is actually nothing greater than seeing after 30 generations you get to defeat the first boss, and see how it gets even more freakin hard.10/10 Would die again, and again, and see how my giant, dyslexic, color blind son enters onto the castle."
76561198065448413,Recommended,241600,9748752,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Jtsuper,awesome
76561198012959399,Recommended,241600,2810567,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,PopeFlapjack,"Just buy it, play it, let it consume your life."
,Recommended,241600,9717347,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,The Entire Population of Russia,"Five stars. If your thinking about buying it, do it."
,Recommended,241600,9734843,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,C4RoCKeT,AWESOME. Just awesome. The game just keep challenging you.
,Recommended,241600,9738464,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,madthelric,"Great game,This game, while the concept is simple, is very well executed. It is very addictive. The premise is explore a castle with different kinds of monsters and traps, try to find the boss monsters that are hidden in various areas and try to beat them to open the door to the final boss. At the beginning, you will die (a lot), but every time you do, the money you collected helps your descendant to continue with the task.What's great about this is that every time one of the your descendants goes into the castle, it has a different layout (except you do something about it), so the replay value of the game is great. This game is perfect if you've got only a little time to play, or a lot.Please try it out. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,241600,9740833,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,RAIZO,"Hilarity and action ensue!!  This game is friggin' great!  The souds and music are good, and the action/boss battles are extremely challenging, namely the bonus bosses.  If you like Castlevania and Metroid, then you difinitely need to get this game.  Granted, it's a little unorthodox in how you level up, and most certainly redundant, but you'll find that as you play it, you need to keep playing it until you beat it, nuff said!!"
76561198077550740,Recommended,241600,9839980,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,MOOPIE,So many hours wasted on this game...
,Recommended,241600,9840224,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Mettaton ZS,"""PRESS S TO AWESOME""'Nuff Said."
76561198057897576,Recommended,241600,9601325,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,LuxuryMilk,Probably the most playable game I've ever played.
76561198036821502,Recommended,241600,9561348,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Cubicwheel,Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing addicting
,Recommended,241600,9565025,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Green Wizard Needs Food Badly,"I give this game my highest recomendation! Masterful gem of a game! Hard hard hard platforming action!The developers took every element essential to a Roguelike and turned it into the ideal while aiming at fast paced platforming and keeping things whimsical with comedic relief at every corner. Every room is fraught with spike traps, flame throwing mages, mimic chests, floating eyeballs, and armored sentries. Randomly generated dungeons make for a fresh breath every play through.The controls are fluid and tight, which is completely necessary for a game like this. The difficulty scales with your player level, so even the first areas of the dungeon will remain hard as you get stronger. This leads me to the most important bit of advice: TAKE IT SLOW! Every room has hazards and rushing in will just get you hurt. Taking your time to properly clear a room will lead to higher rewards and much more fulfillment.HAVE FUN STORMING THE CASTLE!"
,Recommended,241600,9565228,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Talherz,Amazing game! Dieing in the game makes you wanna go further in the game. You know the next time you can do just a little better. The soundtrack is just awesome and the more you go; the more accomplished you feel.
,Recommended,241600,5121882,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,ƒaÏL,"Makes you mad all the time since it's so hard and punishing, but hell it's fun and makes you try hard to build yourself up. Gameplay is simple but fluid and fast with small details that will change the gameplay adding a new prespective to it. Overall fun and hard like hell."
,Recommended,241600,9022737,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,feanarosurion,"Great game. By including persistent upgrades between deaths, it completely revitalizes the roguelike genre by giving a tangible sense of progress to each playthrough. Highly recommended."
76561198076933796,Recommended,241600,8908319,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,DracoPIgnus,Rogue Legacy is a excellent arcade style game. I can lose hours playing this unique game.
,Recommended,241600,8909005,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,esky,Im a real sucker for arcade RPGs and this truly doesnt dissapoint.The beauty of the game is how diverse it actually feels. You can play it in so many different stratagies and do great in any of them as long as youre careful and expend the time.
76561198020792237,Recommended,241600,8825440,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Envy of Astora,"Do you like 2D platformers? Do you like rougelike games? Do you like games with RPG elements? If your answer is ""yes"" to all of these questions, buy this game!"
,Recommended,241600,8911720,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Kranku,"Don;t even bother choosing vertigo, unless you like un-playable games.Other than that pretty fun. 7.5/10"
76561198076603646,Recommended,241600,8912296,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Dad,"A pretty crude and unpolished experience, but it is well balanced and usually pretty responsive! Nice job Cellar Door!"
76561198097697516,Recommended,241600,8914602,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,v1keka,"One of those games that you play forever - even after you've finished it - simply because it is incredibly funny, and somewhat original."
76561198081433670,Recommended,241600,8915025,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Scrub Lord Millionaire,"This game is a great test of your platforming skill, and the many options to leveling up give it a great old-school RPG feel. Get it if you love games like Castlevania with the pain of a rogue-type!"
76561198036923634,Recommended,241600,8206606,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,SaBaN,Very fun and addicting game!
76561198019023486,Recommended,241600,8978718,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Azeres,"A roguelike metroidvania. Your character is big and floaty, of which I'm not too fond."
,Recommended,241600,8980518,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Gigawatt,"Great rogue, kind of soft but still really great.Many people say is a grinding game but all of that changes once you finish it for the first time and the go for the remix bosses.In short, great game, weak history and good mechanics even if you have few time to play."
,Recommended,241600,471619,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,greeneyedmonsta,"great great game, super hard but great buy it will its on sale."
,Recommended,241600,8963116,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Stryn,"A unique, addictive roguelike.  It's nice to have things that you do in previous lives actually matter after you die.  Some challenging areas and the Neo bosses are a huge challenge.  I put a dozen hours into it pretty easily."
,Recommended,241600,8965148,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,LZX42,One of the best games I've ever played. Well worth the price.
,Recommended,241600,8754815,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Clodington{TV},"Very addictive. Frustrating at first, but just the right amount of easy-to-learn and challenging.  Good progression and a great way to kill 5-10 minutes at a time if that's what you've got to spare.  Controller very essential."
,Recommended,241600,8755187,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,essen,Wheelchair superheroes!
76561198026735748,Recommended,241600,8755411,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,gazmerelda,Honestly an amzing an really difficult game.  This game does a really great job of rewarding you for getting better and also for putting time into the game.  It never feels unfair and is really a fun title.
76561198078907933,Recommended,241600,8755814,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,akivaran jr,love it its just like castlevania
,Recommended,241600,418408,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,techknight,"Rogue Legacy is very effective at blending a platformer with roguelike elements.The lineage system and procedurally generated levels keep each playthrough fresh, and the upgrade system compels one to play ""just one more game"".The difficulty curve of the original release had some troublespots if you upgraded certain things and ignored others, but that has been rebalanced somewhat in a recent patch. The addition of multiple save slots also makes it easier to show the game to friends who haven't played it yet.One frustration is that there are certain achievement-granting special rooms that show up very, very infrequently. Some with challenges that you only get one shot at.I've gotten an incredible amount of playtime out of this game and still haven't quite upgraded everything yet. If there's ever DLC for a second castle of levels released, I'll buy it in a heartbeat."
76561198082064919,Recommended,241600,8759337,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,JumpnShootnMan,"This game is great, but ridiculously hard. It has great controls, level design, and leveling up system. With it's ridiculous difficulty, it's hard to make progress as most of the time your trying to get gold to upgrade yourself which requires a lot of trial and error. However your never bored as your gradually getting stronger and never gets repetitive with randomized dungeons. It's well worth the $14.99."
,Recommended,241600,17756383,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,glowww,"Its fun, addicting, and keeps you want to keep upgrading your keep. The controls are smooth, and there isn't much lag, so when you do die, you usually feel like it was your fault. Which makes you feel to continue. 8/10."
,Recommended,241600,17761362,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,POLAR IS BAE,this game is bae
,Not Recommended,241600,16898550,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,kurayami zenzetsu,This is a good game but after a wile it's all thesameandjust gets' boring
,Recommended,241600,5203768,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Kittastrophe,AMG I RUN IN CIRCLES ALL DAY COLLECTING THAT G
,Recommended,241600,16863443,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Guardians of Ga'Hoole,the best
,Recommended,241600,16871985,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Tails.155,"NOT a forgiving game, but it doesn't have to be. It's a challenge. You will die, and probably quite a lot, but the adventure is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,241600,16873299,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ghouls,"This.This game.Oh god, oh man. it's something different then your average action/hack-and-slash/platformer/roguelike. Because it's all of those in once. The most iconic thing about this game tho is when you die, you don't respawn. Instead you have to choose your heir from 3 different characters, each with they're own ""traits"", class, spell and gender. It feels like if Mega Man and Castlevania had a baby that played pretty fast and had roguelike RPG elements.Also, female wizards have beards too.infinity/10 would braid a womans beard again."
,Not Recommended,241600,16556960,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kyte,"While this game is good for some shortwhile fun, the controls are hard to master and do have a certain delay (at least on my notebook) and do create a lot of unexpected fun due a not acknowledged jump.Also the Game is technically not well made. Enemy Projectiles which are not supposed to go trough walls can do that if the enemy just stays close enough to the wall and i had several lost coins and potions due glitching trough the groun."
76561198012434710,Recommended,241600,16875896,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,alandarkworld,"Brilliant.This game combines the 2D platforming and art design of games like Castlevania: Circle of the Moon with a procedurally generated environment with lots of enemies and loot, and adds a whole bunch of RPG elements into the mix.The game employs a perma-death system. Once your character dies, you get to choose one of three descendants which will become your next hero. Your heir will also inherit all the money you collected in the previous run, allowing you to buy  permanent upgrades before entering the castle again. This is an extremely well-designed mechanic. Runs are usually quite short (expect to survive not much longer than 20 minutes...), but you rarely ever have a run that is not worthwile in one way or the other. This causes a ""I just need to do ONE MORE run"" feeling, making this game very addicting.Moreover, this game features excellent humor. I really can't say anything bad about this game, I love it!Get it, now!"
,Recommended,241600,16879930,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,stuhp84,This is my favorite Rogue-Like (Lite) game that I've played. (dare I say better than Spelunky?) I just really like the legacy system and the little quirks your character can end up with. A Lot of really well thought out mechanics and features to make a Rogue-Like accessible to anyone.
,Recommended,241600,17149661,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,RogerThat,It is hard to say no to a 2D rogue like that has set the new standard and everyone else wants to copy.
,Recommended,241600,17131142,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Cosmic Runaway,"In Rogue Legacy, death may come quickly, but that's part of the fun. After every death you're presented with a choice of offspring with which to continue your legacy. These heroes can have a variety of traits, some of which are beneficial while others are detrimental or purely cosmetic. Their gender, names, and class are all randomly generated. Since the names are drawn from a relatively short name pool, it's recommended to manually add your own names so you don't end up with a long line of family members all named Henrietta.Earning gold is important, especially early in the game. It's used to purchase skill and class upgrades, as well as used to create weapons, armour, and special ability-imbuing runes from recipes found within the castle. The remainder of your gold is paid to Charon in order to re-enter the castle, which seems frustrating at first but encourages wise spending and careful treasure hunting. Like your heroes, the castle itself is randomly generated, allowing for unique playthroughs that greatly increase the game's replayability. If you reach a Boss room or fail to get a chest, it is possible to lock the layout of the castle for your next hero once you've unlocked the Architect, but it comes with the trade off of reduced gold acquisition.Progress through the castle is slow at first, but it is definitely rewarding. You may find yourself getting attached to a particular hero, only to die quickly afterwards. But living, dying, and learning from your mistakes is one of the central aspects of Rogue Legacy. The game offers fun but challenging gameplay with an array of customization options, as well as Boss fights that will truly test your skill. If you're afraid of failure, this game may not be for you. However if you can shrug off and laugh about an untimely death, then Rogue Legacy is sure to be entertaining."
,Recommended,241600,17131847,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,mudows,It's just like dark souls... but with better graphics...
,Recommended,241600,17131994,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Metta World Peace,Great game
,Recommended,241600,17133625,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Demon Toaster,"I love this game and everything about it. From the bosses, to the discoverable gear, to the skill tree, to the weird offspring your character(s) magically spawn when you need them. Here's my youtube videos of it.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLyqHBECNYz7kxS7QfHNTJcoVPYT04-NyS"
76561198045820909,Recommended,241600,17115631,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,M&Ns,"Very Good Game. Its hard not to fall in love with it. Just hit 60 hours play time and have beaten it multiple times. Very addicting and it saddens me to know that I dont have much left I can do on it. I kind of feel empty inside and since I've been looking for my next game. I haven't found one yet, and it all because of Rogue Legacy."
,Recommended,241600,17120311,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,AFK4LYF,"Coming out in the re-trending age of rogue-like/platform games, this one stands out to me. It's goofy, challenging and just plain fun. Imagine a modern Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts with continuously changing levels. Solid mechanics, lots of replay, good buy."
,Recommended,241600,7112957,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Kalderia,Hobarey
,Recommended,241600,17094759,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"GOOD classic-style Ghost and Goblins style of game...EXCEPT for WAY too much GRINDING (so netural thumbs for it) to level up to stand a chance to proceed to the later levels! While the randomly generated castles make it seem less of repeating things it can still get old after 5-10 hours. You can freeze the castles (must do so each time u die so don't forget) when you get favorable layout for each area and beat it that way quicker as in some speedruns.It is difficult to get the ball rolling early on and advance but can still be addicting!  Its a classic, fairly simple 2-D platformer with good upgrades. If you don't mind spending MANY HOURS just collecting gold and runes, it can be a fun game. I probably will only play a couple more hours and move on to other games without advancing much further.  I got it on sale for a few dollars so don't regret it, but just warning others what to expect.  With minor changes it could be great, may not able to get 20 hours out without sooooo many necessary level-ups for health-armor-spells-abilities but shorter-sweeter imo would be better. Still its a great game imo and you don't need all the level-ups, I guess its to give more if you want it.Wish they had a in-between rating because I like lots of it, but some aspects dislike.7/10"
,Recommended,241600,16982293,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,magnus.bo,Great game if you want something challenging but not too hardcore.
,Recommended,241600,893684,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,ineedbettername,"Hokay, so, here's the quick version: Side-scrolling silly combat roguelike.Slightly longer version: A really really fun side-scrolling silly combat roguelike. All your deaths will be your own fault, the game telegraphs its attacks for you. You probably weren't paying attention though, being busy dodging all those fireballs. Every spike trap will click once before stabbing, demon paintings can't help but wiggle or hang in stupid places, spikeballs follow predictable patterns, etc..."
76561198229736496,Recommended,241600,16623948,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jkewatts14,"This is an ABSOLutely great game. I have clocked in well over 100 hours of playing in less than a month. I simply can't put it down. The increasingly difficult sections of the Castle, Forest, Maya, and the Land of Darkness keep this game interesting and entertaining. I would recomend to this to any and all of my friends. It is so much fun to get to choose which upgrades I want, and learn which ones I play best with. It is undoubtably a steal at only $15.00, and I it is easily one of my favorite video games of all time."
,Recommended,241600,16630268,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,dbarton900,brilliant and fun well worth playing
,Recommended,241600,17181223,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ObsidianIchor,"Metroidvania style exploration of a randomly generated dungeon.However, here's the kicker: you die and your hero is done. His or her heir must carry on and explore the dungeon. In addition, anything you find in the dungeon you can't use immediately, but is sent back for your heirs to make use of. Because of this, it was never infuriating when my hero died.You can spend the gold sent back on new weapons, armor, abilities, or classes.Oh yeah, you select your heir from amongst 3 candidates, each of which will have a random class and set of traits that may make the current castle setup easier or harder. Some are straight up bad or good, but most traits have advantages or disadvantages.So much fun!"
,Recommended,241600,18031889,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Sharkon,I'll let my playtime speak for me.Controllerhighly recommended.
,Recommended,241600,18016423,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,anti_fun,"Test your jumpin' and slashin' skills. Kind of grindy and not as much staying power as other roguelites, but still very much worth playing."
,Recommended,241600,18025607,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,stamos,GO HET MISTAH JAHSTER
76561197963089842,Recommended,241600,18026139,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,swolf,Ish Fun
76561198071344722,Recommended,241600,17952960,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,supercheeseman_1979,"I have played alot of games here on Steam, and one that I deffanitely got my money's worth from was Rogue Legacy!MY only criticism for this game is it didn't take things far enough.  A wider range of equipment, Skills, and powers would have made this game even better. they even addressed a pet peeve of mine...namely...Contoller Support!  I don't know if I can change the controller settings of this game, because I haven't needed to!   The controller settings that are set to this games default, are pretty awsome!  Even if they won't let you change them, they are pretty intutitave!...  Jump, attack, spell, all right where they should be on a controller.  Mini-map and Game Options are in the start and select buttons!  This is a game that would have been easy to ruin with bad controls.   I am happy to say they didn't F**k it up!!  this game is worth $15 easy!   If you have the chance to catch it on sale for less take it!!!!"
76561198165595912,Recommended,241600,18124400,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Rhaegor,"Fun game, simple and easy to understand.  Pretty well balanced as well, isn't too easy."
,Not Recommended,241600,18127714,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,PhonyBologna,"Got this when it came out on windows 7 and it worked fine. Have windows 10 now and it won't boot and all the steam support says is reinstall stuff, none of it works. If you have windows 7 I would recommend it."
,Recommended,241600,18127925,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Space Construction Vehicle,10/10 would inherit dwarfism again
76561198145857984,Recommended,241600,18140320,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Skorpyin,"It is fun.Ya.PRO TIP- if having trouble with a boss, grind coins with all non barbarian/fighter charchters for your keep, then only fight it with a high HP class as a base"
,Recommended,241600,18157824,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Sala,"Please, Rogue Legacy 2 needs coop and maybe duel!"
76561198138309007,Recommended,241600,18163392,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,jackman9061,"Do you like games that give you traits that can either screw you over or give you an advantage over enemies, and do you like games that have the same concept and awesome idea of the Castlevania video game franchise and do you like games with references to other famous video games and do you like games with a little bit of comedy in them well then this is the game for you. And I highly recommend this game to people to play and in fact I believe who is ever reading my review or any other good review that was posted here to get the game and get addicted to it too!"
,Recommended,241600,13629474,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,NickKnack,"Now I'm fairly new to Rogue-Likes, but as far as an introduction to the genre It's gotten me a lot more interested. I can only recall a handful of times in my entire playthrough when I felt a room was exactly like a previous excursion. I know Rogue-Likes are notoriously hard, and while it had it's difficult moments, I felt like it was an enjoyable challenge, never furstratingly hard but still with a good difficulty.If you've ever wondered what a Rogue-Like is, I think this would be a good starting point/introduction/transition from typical side-scrolling Action-Adventure-RPG. Rogue-Likes teach a player that not only is it OK to fail, but it's OK to epically fail as long as you come right back; failure is part of success."
,Recommended,241600,13631034,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,GoddessArtemis,"I'm not usually into Rogue-like games, but I'm completely addicted to this one. The ""Legacy"" factor is a nice way to add a character/experience building aspect."
,Recommended,241600,13625625,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,GamersMedicine,this game is the god of♥♥♥♥♥♥ im talking like hey your getting ♥♥♥♥ed oh well get ♥♥♥♥ed even more. right when you buy it youll want to eat♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game constantly changes the ♥♥♥♥ing rules and when you get used to soemthing the game will turn itself around and ♥♥♥♥ you right in your butt. your♥♥♥♥♥will hurt so bad youll be throwing up and have to resort to eating♥♥♥♥♥♥for the rest of your life. im experienced trust me. i played this game and its practically my 2nd day eating♥♥♥♥♥♥and im ♥♥♥♥♥ologist now good luck getting the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your teeth if you ever stop.
,Recommended,241600,6893765,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Punpun,Castlevania + Isaac = Rogue LegacyIt's a good game!
,Recommended,241600,13618861,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Vino313,"One of the few games I have been compelled to beat on New Game+, this game is incredibly entertaining with tight controls and an enjoyable progression system. The randomly generated dungeons keep exploration exciting, and the game plays at a fast pace that's perfect for trying to squeeze in a round in a spare 10 minutes and looking up 2 hours later. Highly recommended."
76561197971024443,Recommended,241600,16345258,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,davidgill,Too great not to play. Buy it right now.Your other option is to be left wondering what could have been.
76561198084321745,Recommended,241600,16345328,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mix,"Rogue Legacy is a very enjoyable game. You progress through a castle finding chests containing money or blueprints, and survive as long as you can beating rooms, puzzles, and bosses until your death. Upon dying, a new heir to your family is chosen, and you play through a new castle with them. Previously earned blueprints allow for this heir to possibly wear better armor, earn better weapons, and the money you earn from your previous life carries over so that your heir may afford these new luxuries.It's definitely a one-of-a-kind game, and I highly recommend it to any fan of platformers looking for a rogue-esque title."
,Recommended,241600,16345682,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,@moftsoney,"A thought provoking commentary on the frailty of bloodlines and dangers of inbreeding - perhaps the REAL rogue legacy is the one we try to craft for ourselves in real life? Who knows.If you're looking for an incest simulator, Crusader Kings 2 is more realistic."
,Recommended,241600,16346394,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,init,Really nice game.+Responsive controls+Randomly generated dungeons+Gameplay reminds a lot of Zelda 2+Fun+Funny-When you have played through the game 5 times and are on New Game+5 there are no more items and upgrades to get :D
76561198056197000,Recommended,241600,16346845,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ZekeJolteon(Xelios),"I still haven't beaten this game...But I can assure you I loved every minute of not knowing what the ending is. I'm like in the year 3,500+I won't be done until I beat all the hard-mode/remix versions of all the bosses (On Ponce De-Freon now... omg Alexander the IV, though. Kill that boss. Kill that boss with no mercy.) and unlock everything by maxing it.9.9(10)/10 My only warning is that it is going to be a rage game if you try the remix bosses. And My only complaint is that there's no way to have a Juke-Box at the entrance so you could change the music anytime without having to find the song-changing Juekbox... In a castle... wait what?"
,Recommended,241600,16346871,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,爪乇爪乇,I've only played 0.6 hours of this and I'm already writing a review of this game.Nuff said.Probably.
76561198141192662,Recommended,241600,16349862,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,togorian25,"Very fun, lots of replayability."
,Recommended,241600,16350599,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ditchgnome,"It's Castlevania, but with random dungeons and pain."
,Recommended,241600,16352166,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Grape Alchemist,Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.-Albert Einstein.Never has anything ever spoken to me like that quote for this game.10/10
76561198027129784,Recommended,241600,16568132,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Varsian,My most powerful heir was literally an AutistSpaghetti/10 would give children vaccines again
,Recommended,241600,16551084,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tuturu~,"Despite my low playtime, I already play this game to death (through other means)This game is fun and challenging. A ""one-more game"" type tha will wrecks your sleep routine because that ""one-more game"" might spawn you as a fire spitting dragon that can fly OR make you a worthless shinobi that basicaly die in one hit.This is a rogue-like metroidvania kinda game with randomly generated world AND randomly generated character, you will play as your descendant on the next life when you current character die, with randomly generated traits and class (which you can choose out of 3 given)Overall a pretty solid game that worth your money with its sheer amount of replayability.9.5/10 would become worthless shinobi again."
,Recommended,241600,16318580,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Triple,I was friggn' addicted is rly gg trust me
,Recommended,241600,16373704,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Saint Jabberwocky,Died hundreds of times.
,Recommended,241600,16373914,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mr. Laava,"UNBELIEVABLY GOOD! Always keeps you coming back for more, buy it!"
,Recommended,241600,16375115,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jalapeño Space Invader,"Someone else can do a better job explaining this than me. Watch a Let's Play video on this to really know. If you buy it, you will love it. This game is the definaition of a rogue-like metroidvania title."
,Recommended,241600,16432127,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,The Captain,"Fun game, easy to pick up, hard to master (at least for me)"
76561198034313379,Recommended,241600,16333667,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Scott,"Very solid gameplay, good graphics/sounds. Difficulty starts low & high-level content is challenging. Somewhere around 15-25h of gameplay.If you like platformy action (think ""castlevania""), you'll probably enjoy this. Also, currently on sales for 2€ ;-)"
,Recommended,241600,16333900,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kissaki,Great side-scrolling rogue-like dungeon crawler.
76561197981956354,Recommended,241600,916859,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Alex,Very addicting gameplay...a must buy if you like Castlevania.
76561197970625568,Recommended,241600,16334506,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Codd,It's not bad.
76561198067469899,Recommended,241600,10923142,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,bipo_16,Funny funny funny game!!! I think it's perfect for a casual gaming experience. It's very easy in terms of controls but hard enough to keep you interested on it. I really recommend it!
,Recommended,241600,10923175,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Machias,Awesome
,Recommended,241600,10923372,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,~NYCTO~ NyctoDarkMatter,"It is year 4703, and I am a Spellsword who has P.A.D. and is trying to save his father from an uncertain evil. 10/10."
,Recommended,241600,10923450,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Fatalblow,This is an excellent little platformer with a nice twist. Fun!
,Recommended,241600,10923836,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Matches Malone,"This game infuriates me. It's hard. It's unforgiving. It's frustrating.IT IS PERFECT IN EVERY WAY.This is exactly what a Rogue-like game should be. All those things I mentioned above, while still unflinchingly amazing and charming. One of the best games I've played this year."
76561198040012606,Recommended,241600,7420686,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,maximojr,"Similar to classic Castlevania, but with a lot of improvements, like random scenario creation and abilities per class."
,Recommended,241600,10924987,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,kiriux,"This game is addictive, and incredibly challenging.  But it's also fun!  While it's infuriating to be killed by everything when you first start playing, it becomes satisfying as you level up.  It's a great way to kill some time."
,Recommended,241600,10925583,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CSM23,"A difficult, worthwhile, fun platformer/roguelike/Castlevania type of game. Cool heir mechanic. It gets pretty grindy/tedious climbing to the top, but has some worthwhile battles and a satisfying level of difficulty. Not THAT hard but it's not going to hold your hand all the way through. Recommended."
,Recommended,241600,10925765,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kratozs,it's pretty good but really challengingprotip: DONT USE A KEYBOARD IT'S A NIGHTMARE. USE A CONTROLLER
,Recommended,241600,10926144,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lauren and Chloe play games,"A pure roguelike, perfected. Random generation, permadeath, hundreds of upgrades, and an incredibly robust character system with little bits of humour scattered throughout. By the time you beat the game, you might not feel like playing again on New Game+ but the game offers a few new prizes if you choose to do so. Very fun. I found this a good game to play on the bus or in lulls of productivity. The story is incredibly simple, but the ending is surprisingly deep. The highlight might actually be the soundtrack, which I loved."
,Recommended,241600,10926712,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ghostnod,7.5/10
76561198065338361,Recommended,241600,10927613,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Vblonde,"Take a bit of luck but man this game is addictive mad love for this game, though i recomend using a contoller"
,Recommended,241600,10927696,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Constable Bubbles,"I spent maybe $5 dollars on this game hoping to get a few hours into it. I started and I couldn't stop, the expectations I had for it went above and beyond what I had. This game has easily beaten any other game that I have bought in the past year, and I find it ridiculous that I have paid so much more for less when this gem has been here the entire time. My only regret is not paing full price because it would have been well worth it.P.S. It is 10x better with a controller."
76561198064326499,Recommended,241600,10927718,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Killer Cubi,Awesome game. I die a lot but its not frustrating and its a ton of fun.
76561198025014712,Not Recommended,241600,17445983,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,qa_2,"Fun concept, but really terrible to play without a controller. And while it might be the aforementioned lack of controller, or being on a Mac, for me there's a slight input lag that makes any kind of tight precision close to impossible. And for a game that's basically all precision platforming, with no second chances. that really takes the fun out of it."
,Recommended,241600,3046791,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Grunch,"Awesome game. Quite hard but really rewarding, with a good sense of humor."
,Recommended,241600,18090939,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Treant Reznor,"Rogue Legacy is awesome. A short description if you somehow don't know. It's an action platformer game in a castle whose layout is randomly generated. You run around swording dudes getting gold and loot. The cool bit is when you die you pick a new character from three choices, each of whom are given a random class, spell, and traits that could be benefits or drawback. Each character requires you to adjust your playstyle to match. You then have the opportunity to spend the gold you earned on character upgrades (these apply to every future character you get), new and better gear, and runes (these confer abilities like adding up to 6 air jumps) which can be swapped out for each character. Spend what you've got since the reaper will take all your gold (this can be reduced to half through upgrasdes) on your way into the castle, which is given a totally new layout.I've spent about sixty hours in the game now. The thing that hooks me the most is that Rogue Legacy is one of the best playing games I've ever played. The controls are as responsive as they come, on par with a Super Meatboy (without the momentum model), but the way it controls includes a lot of gameplay nicities. You can move while swinging your sword, but damage is done when an enemy collides with your sword, not when you push the button. So for faster classes you can play fighting game style footsies with enemies by swinging, running forward to poke a dude then dashing back before he hits you. This can be further enhanced by character traits like flexible, which allows you to change directions while swinging. You can even dash in a direction your not facing giving you complete control over your mobility.When you combine runes, classes, traits, and gear (some of which might favor spellcaster, or have added effects like +2 air jumps), every time you go into the castle you're going in with a different playstyle. The game then has massive difficulty scaling through its new game plus features and remix bosses. I've never beat a remix boss (they are so hard), but have beaten the game on NG+++++. I will unquestionably recommend this game. You'll get an amazing game with tons of replay value, its definitely worth the fifteen dollar ask."
76561197995658449,Recommended,241600,1633632,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,peppaz,Awesome
,Recommended,241600,18063633,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Plastic,It's good.
,Recommended,241600,18048337,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,n1j1n,"Really good game, don't forget to scroll up in the trait-castle to buy the mandragon."
,Recommended,241600,6606835,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Bowser,"The most vicious game I've played so far! The game is very hard and very funny from the beginning to the end. The enemies and dungeons evolves with you. Random generated maps and a large variability of classes to play and every time you die you have to pick another character. You can play by Hokage, Lich King, Barbarian King, Archmage, Paladin, Miner, Assassin and MORE! Requires a controller to more funny play. Man, just AWESOME! Buy it!"
,Recommended,241600,18049656,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Prestigious M,You've failed your highness I am a Rogue like my Father before me!
,Recommended,241600,18015654,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,BottleGoblin,"Occasionally funny, sometimes pretty hard, feels almost like a shoot 'em up in places when the screen is full of bullets but good retro styled graphics and entertaining. I die all the time and keep going back! I doubt I have fast enough reactions to finish it, but I think I'll be playing a while yet. I got it in a sale I believe, and it was very worth it!Edit: Beat the game first time round. Still very fun. Definately worth getting on a sale if you like a platformer!"
76561198057238728,Recommended,241600,18302166,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Rayar39,"Highly recommended for the casual gamer that loves the Rogue-genre...It can be addicting, since I have played for over 20 hours and have YET to proceed to the ""outer areas"": generating a new character and unlocking bonuses is just so much FUN!!!  The replayability is tremendous, since you are never the exact same character twice...Lots of variation - you can adjust all of your equipment, as well as additional ""runes"" to change how your character plays... Two thumbs up!"
,Not Recommended,241600,18266672,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,LewdLina,"How do I put this?Rogue Legacy is a great game with fun mechanics and is really addictive as well as enjoyable. Don't get me wrong, I love this game and it kept me entertained for a great number of hours. Unlike most of the negative reveiws here I thoroughly enjoyed the whole dying mechanic and how you lost gold every time you die. It added an intensity and edge to gameplay that was thrilling and meant you had to keep your wits about you as every decision was pivotal. I'll be honest; this is a great game.But, of course, there is a problem. Sooner or later you will hit a progression block unless you are a platforming god. The game compensates for it simple nature by having boss fights that have a very forced difficulty level. The game functions so that either you're amazing at it or you have to farm to achieve the tools necessary to bypass a progression block and inevitably the simple gameplay gets boring. The little add-ons descendants get do little to change much and the classes, although different, don't feel veried enough to make it worth farming. The game tantalizes you with the prospect of really fun classes later on if you work to achieve them such as 'The Dragon' and being able to play as the final boss of the game but to the average gamer this is virtually impossbile without investing 100's of painstakingly boring hours of farming which, to me, is not an option. I understand that you have to work hard to attain things that make the gameplay fun but the fact that these are the higher classes  and options you get from progressing are the only thing that make the gameplay enjoyably varied is somewhat annoying. Earlier I said I like the 'die and you lose your money' system as it makes the gameplay very tense but it's rather counter-intuitive when you have to save money to afford expensive powerups that might give you a shot at trying to beat the bosses.Story - 4/10It's a charming and comedic game and although the Prince's diary entries provide a basis for a story they are nothing more then little collectibles. Bottom line - you don't play this for the story. Still, if you're planning on buying this I wouldn't judge by the story as that's not where it's appeal lies.Gameplay - 8/10The rogue-like and RPG elements combined with the fun platforming make for a very entertaining game and, although somewhat repetitive and infuriating at times, is what is ultimately the games shining point and a solid thing to judge it on.Art Style - 7/10If you're somewhat of an art admirer you'll be pleased to know the pixel and cartoonish design of this game is very charming and appealing to the eye. Although it's somewhat simplistic and lacks detail it's most certainly not hard on the eye like most of these 'hardcore gameplay' based games you see frequently on the market that tend to focus on core gameplay over graphics.Fun - 5/10Yes, it's intense and I like the gameplay but the bottom line is you're going to die alot in many frustrating manners, you're going to lose money and you're going to fight some tough♥♥♥♥♥fights. That's inevitable. The gameplay is also repetitive and rarely does anything to freshen up.Overall - 6/10If you're ready for the gaming equivalent of drugs then this is for you; it's initially very addictive and fun but eventually it'll die down and you'll feel empty and as if you aren't getting the same kick from it. I'd recommend this to hardcore platformers who know they can cope with the unfriendly gameplay this offers. I know myself, and most casuals, aren't made for this game but perhaps you people are.  Just so you understand the scope of what I'm saying, I've died well over 100 times in a mere 10 hours of gameplay.This is my first review so sorry if it seemed a bit waffly. Hopefully I'll get better at this."
,Recommended,241600,18285557,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,FyreNWater,"Great roguelite, fantastic soundtrack, lots of replayability.Only nitpick I have are the remix bosses. The demand for perfect runs to have a chance at winning doesn't feel like it fits with the rest of the game, but at least it's bonus stuff.Fantastic game to die repeatedly in. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,241600,18287340,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,jackydb,"Real fun rogue-like game to get you into the genre, not overly forgiving but not demoralizing either :)"
,Recommended,241600,1419936,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,unholycyclone,Challenging but rewarding.
,Recommended,241600,18202868,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,trombass08,"A unique rogue-like, Rogue Legacy is a game that expects you to get better with every death - quite literally. Every death isn't just a chance to think about how to get better but to actually make the next hero better by buying skills, health, armor, runes, and even the ability to explore the same castle layout (which switches every time unless you lock it in for a portion of your treasure findings).There really isn't a bad thing I can say about the game. The art style is pleasant. The gameplay is solid. No death feels cheap. And nothing feels unbalanced.Expect to take 15-20 hours to beat the game the first time with each character session taking anywhere from a few minutes to an hour or so."
,Recommended,241600,732300,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,Echos Firebrand,"A challenge everytime through, albeit a bit tedious. if you dont mind a grind-a-thon, its a wonderful game with a challenge everytime you step into the castle, and plenty to achieve."
,Recommended,241600,18207154,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,coopnshores,This game is a fantastic rogue like. Easy to sink 20 hours into and consistently challenging.
76561198069513994,Recommended,241600,18207281,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,NovuEnova,I like it
,Recommended,241600,18207949,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,samosa,"9/10A lovely game. Awesome story, brilliant gameplay - I would suggest this lovely piece of artwork. I don't know if it is the fact that I love 8-bit RPGs but this game got to me thinking not all games need to be high graphics for a little, sweet story. The only down side, preventing from a 10/10, masterpiece is the fact that I completed it in under 6 hours. I would love for it to be longer, and perhaps even more than just story. A lot to ask; perhaps online mode? Or quests after compeletion? Anyway hopefuly if not updating - there should be a sequel!"
,Recommended,241600,13979066,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ChloroformNapkin,If you like Castlevania or Metroid buy it!
,Recommended,241600,960595,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Killious,"Pretty sweet rogue-lite where your goal is to defeat the 5 bosses in the game. The game is based around the notion that each character you play is in your family lineage and you will be dying a ton in this game make no mistake. It is a bit grindy but overall the grind is pretty fun and gradually getting stronger make the grind tolerable in the late game. Absolutely, worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,241600,13982269,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,barak,"good game,good  back to  nostalgia games."
,Recommended,241600,13888504,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ytayj,"Really scratches a fast-platformer itch. Level generation is also mostly really good, with the odd quirk. Some of the character traits are definitely very amusing. Difficult to the point of being sadistic, though this unfortunately results in a bit of grindiness. Hellishly addictive though."
76561197964096110,Recommended,241600,13842476,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,JC,"I'm leaving my original review below because it sums up how you feel in the first few hours, and I was still up voting the game with all that rage but when it starts to click there's no looking back!I really like this game so I'm trying but it's a f()(king c()^t.You die alot, things off screen will shoot at you before you even know they are there, some bullets pass through some walls, some don't, some pass through all, a new enemy usualy means instant death, a second level enemy skills and abilitys are about 10 times a level 1's (as in the three aimed fire balls go from 1cm across to 5cm), alot of time you will be killed just for entering a new room, you barely get enough gold to afford a single upgrade most runs and it's impossible to save as you have to pay 100% of your remaining gold play again.... oh and there's no difficulty setting so unless your great at games, duck you.As much fun as self harm but cute looking, it's like giving a teenager a fleshlight full of sandpaper and I'm sure there's a special corner of hell reserved for anyone involved in the development and publishing."
76561197967112619,Recommended,241600,266636,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Hokucho,"A great rogue-like game! I've been enjoying the game so far as it feels really nice and that any mistakes made are your fault, not a fault of the game itself and  its difficulty. I haven't seen endgame content yet, so unaware if there is an NG+, but then again, if there is, just reset the game! If you want to see some sample footage, this game has inspired me to start my streaming endevors:http://www.justin.tv/hokucho/videos"
76561198097986953,Recommended,241600,14044141,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Moose Dick,I torrented it and played it for 25 hours and beat it. It was good enough to buy and play again.
76561197962532976,Not Recommended,241600,14047108,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Silverhaze,"You need a gamepad for this else it's unplayable, i don't own one so this game never got me hooked."
,Recommended,241600,14037855,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Jubileu,"Good music, learning curve, etc.Although its leveling system makes you grind a bit for boosts, it wasn't as bad as I expected - you can grind in some runs and when you're comfortable you can just rush to the boss. In other rogue-likes, rushing to the boss can be nearly impossible, so you end up grinding every single run for items anyway (I'm looking at you, original Binding of Isaac). It also decreases the luck factor, since you don't get to find an OP item and do a easy run or vice-versa, all that matters is your HP and mana.The only thing I didn't like was the endgame (as in, after completing the game a few times). As the enemies get to the highest level, the game starts looking like an impossible bullet hell and the rooms get too painful to clear, in my opinion.In the end, still very worth it."
76561198166989708,Recommended,241600,13985154,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,zstockmal,"Never before has a game made me say out loud,""Clumsiness and ADHD? Yes! This is gonna be awesome.""Extremely addicting and solid gameplay. Must-have for fans of games like Castlevania."
76561198118707167,Recommended,241600,13988311,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Seabiscuit1698,"This is a great game and I spend so much time playing it! I would highly recommend this game. Although, I find it easier to play with my ps4 controller."
,Recommended,241600,13963247,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,edhiggins,This is wonderful game for to be jump and sword. Good times!
76561198030170785,Not Recommended,241600,13963867,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dells,"Do you want a mediocre 2D Platformer with combat that replicates a hipsters vision of Castlevania, a grind that would make a Free-to-play MMO go green with envy, while having the low budget and quality of an indie game, and agimmickyunique familydice rollsystem that loses its novelty in 1 hour? Well if so, then Rogue Legacy is the game for you!"
,Recommended,241600,13427626,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Jiaozy,"Fun and addictive, with little replayability value once you finish the storyline."
76561197993107504,Recommended,241600,13953094,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sky,"Although being extremely difficult to play without seperate bindings or an xBox controller, this Rouge-Like is one of the most fun indie games I have ever played."
76561198054190517,Recommended,241600,13953637,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MisterFate,I love this game so much I gifted it to other friends. What a classic! 9.5/10!
76561198021444524,Not Recommended,241600,13940322,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Pustka,"Used to like this game but now thanks to the ""neo bosses"" i hate it."
76561198064288366,Recommended,241600,13946966,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,WhiteBandit101,I died 200 times the 201'th one time i beat a boss felt awesome then died!!
,Recommended,241600,13975284,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Andria Panda,10/10 would die again...and again......and again.
,Recommended,241600,13975352,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ScareCrowOnFire,hands down one of my favorite games!
76561198108514370,Recommended,241600,17028561,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,dwom-kaps,This is a super fun game. The different classes provide nice varieties that change game play and the spells are useful too. The traits also shake things up too. Each time you die is just another chance to try again with different classes and traits as well as unlocking skills in the manor and finding runes and blueprints. 10/10
,Recommended,241600,17029774,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,dj_moyer,"A bit like the old Castlevania, or Ghosts and Goblins, or something like that.  Side-scrolling castle exploration and treasure hunt... with a few twists thrown in to make it more challenging than just ""kill the monsters and grab the loot.""  Trust me, you will get frustrated with the difficulty level until you run through the castle enough times to amass a small fortune to buy upgrades for your heroes.  Traps like spike floors and fireball cannons can kill you.  Flying monsters can kill you.  Warrior monsters can kill you.  Wizard monsters can kill you.  The whole place is a death trap.  But it's fun, too.You have a mansion of your own that you rebuild using the gold you find in the castle.  It allows you to hire a smith, an enchantress, and others.  It also provides upgrades to your health, mana, strength, and the amount of armor you can carry and wear.  Your mansion is permanent; it remains the same even after you die, though sometimes the upgrade prices change without notice.  So it is essential to making your journeys through the castle easier as you progress.The smith sells weapons and armor.  They cost a lot of gold.  The enchantress sells upgrades like super-jump and damage boost.  For gold.  So gold makes the world go around here.After you have finished dealing with your mansion, your hired help is on the next screen.  Then you walk up to the castle gates where the demon Charon (Grim Reaper?) is waiting for you.  He takes ALL of your current gold in order to let you into the castle, so make sure you spend it all before you talk to him!Once in the castle, you are trapped there UNTIL YOU DIE.  Kill monsters, break furniture, open treasure chests, etc.  Basically you are looking for items to help your hirelings build better equipment for you, and you are looking for GOLD to buy more upgrades.  Eventually the traps or the monsters will kill you.Now you get to choose one of your children, each of whom has different characteristics, to take your place in the next run.  Your new hero can spend all the gold you found on the previous run.  Just remember to spend it all because again Charon will take whatever you have left before you enter the castle again.  Some hero traits are good (like ""OCD"" which restores some MP when you break furniture) and some are not so good (like glaucoma which makes the world go dark so it is hard to see where you are going).Each time you die, the castle will CHANGE so you get a whole new map to explore.  There is a hireling who can LOCK it in its last layout, but he will collect a huge portion of the gold you find in return for his service.  If you really love a certain map it might be worth it, but otherwise just enjoy the randomness of it."
76561198182973027,Recommended,241600,17031497,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,bhol_productions,"I love this game. I have alwase loved RPG games but i think this game takes the cake! I've play 8 hours in a row! i cant pt it down! I love how all the characters have their own personality. And for the price, i think there was all the content needed in this game. I highly recommend this game. Although the game may be difficult at first, you get the hang of it real quick. 9.5/10 stars! Amazing game!!"
,Recommended,241600,17033117,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,zacvrono,Single best 2d platformer I have ever seen. One of the best games I have every played.
76561198085832028,Recommended,241600,17037663,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Mr. Diggz,I've been to the year 3000not much has changed cept were still fighting castlesand your great great great grand duaghteris probably dead.
76561198076321025,Recommended,241600,17038163,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Moosewhale,
76561198098395313,Recommended,241600,17038843,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,MadManDan,Dangerously addicting.  Remember to eat at least two meals a day.
,Recommended,241600,17039930,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Pee Pee Storm,"I love this game, what I don't love is the idea of buying every upgrade."
76561198041811119,Recommended,241600,17040214,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,kraylor60,was kind of skeptical about this game in the beginning but was on sale so figured why not.. very fun game .. expect die alot though ... but definitely worth a look
,Recommended,241600,17003806,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Danny Branmuffins,"Tight controls, and a solid balance of randomization, progression, and painful deaths. Get it."
,Recommended,241600,17004686,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Scarabee,"Really fun Rogue-Like baby simulator. Who you mate with or how your child is a completely diferent race/species is beyond me though. But all in all, it's hard as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and addictive as cocaine. 9/10 Would have a succesful lineage that goes beyond our current time again."
76561197996695095,Recommended,241600,17005025,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,belthos,Simply the best waste of time I have had the pleasure of playing recently.Simple game.Simple concept.Simple to play.Simple to die over and over again but in this game death is the progression.Highly reccomended.
,Recommended,241600,17006661,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Rumbles,Love this game! Really keeps me coming back for more
76561198065850096,Recommended,241600,17007287,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Red Jello,"This a amazing game, for a rogue like game, so much chaallenge you will get, each play through is a new experience, as you go farther in game you fell like you are beating goals and goals, so easy to get starting that modivates you to try harder, i totally recromend this game"
76561198005758623,Recommended,241600,11011408,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Bleu_Ghost,"You will die! But before you do, you'll have kids. They will DIE!But, hopefully Dad left you some cash...Get better equip and progress a little further, DIE, and your colorblind son with Irritable bowel syndrome will save the day!It's pretty fun actually. and it has some comedy aspects akin to a NES ROM hack but still. I couldn't put this game down for hours!Who needs sleep anyway?"
76561197991936173,Recommended,241600,15768185,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,eKestrel,"Hard and unique. Too hard for me, but excellent if you enjoy bulletvanias."
76561198128540683,Recommended,241600,15769126,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,timotietim,"Very good game.Only it is hard with a keyboard to master the controls.So if you have a controller, I recommend playing with it!"
,Recommended,241600,15769437,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,unquietwiki [Reddit],"Cute and quick rouge-like. Has some hidden game references, as well as dev commentary."
,Recommended,241600,30505429,Posted: 14 March,all,MarlboroMan,"Fun little game give me about 20 hours of enjoyment(it shows 10 hours on my clock because i played the other half offline).  It's worth the price you give it, not a underpay and not a overpay neither IMO.The problems i have with this game; even though it's randomly generated dungeons not completely handpicked, it's still very limited how many variations of dungeons there are. You will see the same dungeons and layouts over and over after 4 hours of gameplay.  The music was under average at best, nothing interesting about it.And my biggest problem with the game is the hitbox your character has is rather larger than the character itself. And you get way too much damage for touching your enemies. I wish there was a way to reduce those damages by the skill tree. I know there is healt and armor but i would have really liked more if there was a seperation between protection from enemy attack damage and touching them.The upsides to this game for me; loved the story it was short but moving, sometimes simple short stories effect you best. The character upgrade scheme was very enjoyable too, it was seperated to 3 areas as in Runes, Skills and armours. Runes and armour had the blueprint system which was fine in my opinion. The grinding wasn't very easy but nor too hard to make the game tedious(maybe a little bit in the beginning)In the end i do recommend this game to Rogue-Like fans out there it's definetely worth a try."
,Recommended,241600,15626925,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,𝓢𝓱𝓪𝓭𝔂,Great game!
76561198053249642,Recommended,241600,15628188,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,lunchbox6690,"when this game was first released on pc, i died i didnt eat for a week, i literally died, and now i have vertigo and everything is upside down."
,Not Recommended,241600,15627237,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Vapula,"Why did i buy a platformer?Ho yeah, rogue like.Back to TOME4."
,Recommended,241600,15209023,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,loiki,"It's worth the money, buy it."
76561198142540506,Recommended,241600,15667581,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Weapwned,"What do you get when you mix Dark Souls' (loss of money) and the apple stores' Infinity Blade's successor story progression? Rogue Legacy. There are two ways of playing this game, farming gold or just defeating the games' many and fairly difficult boss fights continously, that is if you can stand using a weak sword. The game gives you the power to fight strong foes even with a laughable gear, and it actually makes the game more fun. I have played for 11 hours, but it feels like I have played more than I should. What I don't understan is why there is a level for your character when the gold is really what makes you progress and makes your character stronger. Besides that, it's a great game and I recommend it to you guys and it cheap!"
,Recommended,241600,8639725,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ⓔⓨⓔ Ⓞⓕ Ⓙⓐⓟ,Dad's a dwarf knight who's scared of chickens while mum's a giant gay lich.10/10 - Will partake of embarrassing and bewildering conversation around the family table again
,Recommended,241600,1192132,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,aseth,It's like Castlevania came back and had some inbred kids.
76561198119557974,Recommended,241600,15708030,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,FennekTheFormerLeagueScrub,"For me, this was a fun game.  It is a randomly generated game so it may be discouraging but if you give it a few tries it becomes a lot of fun.  It is a game that can be played by people with lots of time to kill or play by people who want to take a 5 minute break (as you will likely die that quickly). It is a game that can be played by hardcore speedrunners or casual players. In a nutshell this is a Metroidvania style game that plays like a Megaman game. This is one of the few games that I can recommended for anyone to play. It is honestly the best game I have played in a while. I would give this a 8.5/10. If you have the money, buy this game! You will not regret it at all!"
,Recommended,241600,15708408,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lakuna,this is a great game if you liked the castlevania series like i did
,Recommended,241600,15712661,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Reipher44,Very good game. I like it a lot! very creative with the style of characters that you play. Highly recommended that you use a controller. Keyboard controls can be tough at times.
76561198002865619,Recommended,241600,2137969,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Petrusk,"Amazing game! Just buy it, you will be addicted"
,Recommended,241600,15736133,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Steve McClellan,CAN'T. STOP. PLAYING.
,Recommended,241600,15737714,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,RemotelyPlausible,"I adored this game. Put 40+ hours into it across the couple years I've owned it. Its charming, and addicting. It has personality in spades, and aesthetics are great. Its a roguelike. I Love roguelikes!But...and I'm not sure if this is the fault of my particular gamepad...The controls are finnicky, at best. Incredibly sensitive, and very difficult to get ""light"" inputs.If you like platformers that are really touchy, and require pixel perfect execution (Wings of Vi, I Wanna Be the Guy), or excessive amounts of farming, or enjoy doing the exact same thing over and over until you get the best RNG (Neo Khidr Fight), play it. Otherwise, WATCH IT BURN IN THE FIERY INFERNOS OF ALL HELLS."
,Recommended,241600,15731022,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,savaze,"If you like metroidvania style games then this is your game.Modern roguelike platforming from the last milenium, you pick one of three random combinations of class, genetic problems, and spells and head into the castle/dungeon. Each time you die your progeny takes over with whatever gear you've collected. Whenever you start a new character you can also use the money your last generation collected to buildup your own household, by improving on classes and things that provide stat bonuses. You can also build new equipment/runes from plans that were previously found. The castle becomes randomized on each playthrough unless you are willing to accept a penalty of only keeping half the cash you pass on. As you play you will find new spells, collect blueprints for new gear, and beat bosses in different parts of the castle that pave the way for you to complete the game.I beat the game on the DRM-free version, but the steam version seems to have all the same things, plus all the steam specific stuff (achievments, cards, etc)."
76561197969214657,Recommended,241600,344184,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Scaph,Great rogue-like with a nice continuity mechanic that makes your numerous inevitable deaths valuable.
76561198093176285,Recommended,241600,8268972,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Pigwill,BEST GAME EVER IN THE WHOLE WORLD BECAUSE ITS JUST AMAZINGLY AWSOMELY EPICLY... AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!____       ____|     O|       |O     ||___|         |___|__________\                    /\_______/
,Recommended,241600,8270009,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Murlfireface,"Very fun rogue-like, probably the one I've had the most fun playing thus far (just breaking into the genre). It seems somewhat more simplistic than others, but with a unique twist unlike Isaac and Risk of Rain that you pick up items throughout your run, you get blueprints and buy your upgrades/equipment during your next run. The game expects you to be throwing away lives constantly to get to your next heir, then spend gold to upgrade your keep and equipment. Lots of fun, coming from someone that loved Mega Man as  a child, the 2d side-scrolling just feels natural and addictive! Recommend 100%!"
,Recommended,241600,8270280,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,TfauxT,Talk about super difficult and so addicting! Love this game.
,Recommended,241600,8270520,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ram,this is some grade A++ crack my dude.
,Recommended,241600,8271228,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Laurgo,BUY IT
,Recommended,241600,8271963,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,GrievEdge,addictive!!
,Recommended,241600,8272028,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,jenn,"I don't game much, but when I do, I play for hours on end until I beat it. In this case, twice! I waited what seemed like forever for it to be on Linux and made up for lost time quickly when it did. Fun, challenging, addictive."
,Recommended,241600,7862463,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ＭＲ．ＫＲＡＢＳ,"For everyone who likes tough, unforgiving and challenging games (the rogue-like genre basically).Controls are great, but takes a little while to get used to on keyboard. Enemies signal their attacks, or follow very strict and precise patterns, making every hit you take your own fault. Rarely does the game feel unfair."
76561198017664393,Recommended,241600,8318645,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,user05061981,If you like Roguelike Platform Games this is the game for you. Some folks might need to buy a few extra controllers after playing this game because of its NES cheapness. Really great game. 5/5 Axes
76561197995694056,Recommended,241600,8321066,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,aargyle,"Super addictive. If you like leveling in RPG's and want to know ""can I get this character a bit better?""...this is for you."
76561198023059677,Recommended,241600,8321472,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,stonewell,Dark Souls meets Terraria
,Recommended,241600,8322503,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) CrackaFett,HARD AS ♥♥♥♥ BUT WHO CARES.
,Recommended,241600,8322983,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kyrano,"Interesting concept, almost requires a controller. Very addictive, but I would have appreciated some sort of tutorial as to the concept of the game. For those of you who don't know:Side scrolling beat-em-up with RPG elements and randomly generated maps. When you die, you can choose one of three children to continue your quest."
76561198035769710,Recommended,241600,8338747,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,imrealthatswhyniggazfuckswithme,Ruined my life. 10/10.
76561198062284168,Recommended,241600,8340835,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,VU_Quadrophenia,"Rogue Legacy is a fantastic Metroidvania-type game with some pretty heavy platforming elements and procedurally generated dungeons.  If you've got a controller, and time to waste, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,241600,8341055,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Asbestos,"If you like platformers, and don't mind a little bit of grinding you will love this game. Good gameplay, leveling strategy, and replayability."
76561198053055026,Recommended,241600,8341418,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Prbilly,A great Rogue-like 2D side scroller if you're into that. Stays incredibly challenging throughout the whole game.
,Recommended,241600,8341662,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,KasT,Muito bom!
76561198031565504,Recommended,241600,8341683,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Abba26,"Great fun, buy it!"
76561198010576681,Recommended,241600,8343983,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[NOBL]drmarioandyoshi,This game is pretty hella.
76561198071183123,Recommended,241600,8324100,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Zac. No Dang H.,Great game. A mix of Castlevania and Super Meat Boy
,Recommended,241600,8324266,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,The Pseudo King,"I've played to much of this game, its to addicting.  The gameplay is simple to pick up and the random generated levels make it varried and exciting.  It's also very difficult, but never fear, death offers variety as well.  On every death the levels are randomized along with the available characters which is wonderful and gives you a reason to keep playing.  The level up system is also neat, money earned per life is used to upgrade characters base stats permenatly is interesting.  The graphics are cute(?) and I quite enjoy them, but they're not terrific.  The sounds and music are good though if you play long enough they will get a bit repetitive, that being said, they make for terrific atmosphere.  The story is simple and can be avoided completely if you wish.  7/10 game.  Unfortunately my 10+ hour save file was lost somehow, but that may have been my fault, dunno, either way I thought it might be worth mentioning."
76561198004533823,Recommended,241600,8324639,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Romulox360,"Very fun, i realy like the random genetic traits that are in the game, being able to upgrade stats and pass them on to the next generation is great too"
,Recommended,241600,8325163,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Turos Kensei,"Its awesome and awesome people buy it, why aren't you buying it? Is it because you're lame?"
,Recommended,241600,8325941,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nine2Five,"Very engaging and challenging game. The learning curve is initially pretty steep, but after dying a few dozen times you'll have the skills to be able to make decent progress in the leveling system. After that, pushing into deeper parts of the dungeon and challenging the bosses becomes more realistic goals. The different perks and personality disoders keep the game fresh through each playthrough. Being forced to select a hero you're uncomfortable with can deepen your understanding of the game. I highly recommend this one."
76561198046494748,Recommended,241600,8326076,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Hraithamar,Never knew dying could be so addictive!
,Recommended,241600,8326153,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Plus-Size Commando,"Any time a developer brings a light hearted 2D side scrolling adventure to the forefront past all of the big budget games I'm always willing to try it. Rogue Legacy is great, light hearted, extremely difficult and humorious."
,Recommended,241600,8326276,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,trixas14,Pure Rogue-like exploration fun.
,Recommended,241600,8326679,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ballistyx,Quite possibly the most addictive game I have ever played.
76561198080200828,Recommended,241600,8326946,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dax,"AMAZING! Its replayability is amazing, with random castles with random floors and random characters you have to choose from everytime you die. I love this game! You could replay this a thousand times!"
,Recommended,241600,6097669,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Loki Shade,very hard and fun. if u like to die ..buy it .<3
,Recommended,241600,8327186,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Flying Hippo,"This game, this mother♥♥♥♥ing game. It's actually really really fun. Usually I'm not a huge fan of randomly generated levels, but for this game, it works. Thanks to the four different areas and wide variety of enemies, this game fails to become stale. Hell, new game plus actually seems like a fun challenge for me. It's not too much of a grindfest, right guys? RIGHT?"
,Recommended,241600,8329383,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Yung Dagger Diqq,"This game allows me to play as a Colour Blind, Gay, Dwarf Assassin. And I sort of like it."
76561197984786018,Recommended,241600,1028617,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,『 空白 』,"Great game.Pretty similar to Binding of Isaac, different in terms of persistent upgrades throughout the game. The classes also change their strength throughout the game and some classes which may appear useless in the beginning are extremely strong in the end. Difficulty can also be kind of adjusted through modification."
76561197975456419,Recommended,241600,686012,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Raloki,Defintely a great game to play. It's kinda like a 2D Demon souls. :)
,Recommended,241600,8329484,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Carlh267,"Rogue Legacy was definitely a game that slipped under my radar. I picked it up in the winter steam sale solely on my brother's praise of the game, and now I've found my #2 game of the year, right behind Naughty Dog's The Last of Us.Rogue Legacy is a 2D rogue-lite sidescrolling platformer set in medieval times. You travel through a castle that is completely randomly generated each time you enter it, with new enemies, traps and rewards to discover. As is common in rogue-lites like FTL, you will die. A lot. And while the game is punishing, dying happens to be one of the game's main hooks and makes the game so goddamn enjoyable.You see, dying in other games would usually just set you back at a checkpoint, but in Rogue Legacy, dying boots you out of the castle, and completely wipes your character from existence. But fret not, because dying will allow you to choose your character's descendent, which will have completely new abilities, and allows you to spend all the money your previous character has collected in the castle. Dying too easily? Spend money on armor and hp. Enemies too tough? Throw some money into damage and crit rate upgrades. Not making enough money? Buy upgrades to the amount of loot enemies drop. The reward system is simple but allows you to build characters in fascinating ways. At the beginning of the game I focused entirely on HP and damage upgrades, but by midgame I fell in love with a class that relied heavily on magic damage, so I began pumping all my money into magic related upgrades. Never before in a game have I felt so frustrated, yet incredibly satisfied, to just die, re-roll my character, and upgrade him/her so that I can last even longer.Combat is a tad simplistic: you can swing a sword and cast a single spell per character, bar classes and abilities which will allow you to cast multiple spells. But while your attacks are rather limited, enemy types are not, and as you begin to progress further new enemies are introduced, as well as beefed up versions of the previous sword fodder you had no difficulty cutting down. So while going all swordy swordy on your enemies isn't the deepest combat system in the world, I can't say I was begging for all that more from it.The plot thusfar (I'm only halfway through the game as far as killing bosses goes, but I've seen pretty much all the enemy types due to exploration) isn't all that engaging, but the gameplay goes above and beyond to make up for it. Buy this game."
,Recommended,241600,3838047,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Carabas,"Very fun game, one of the few rogue-like games i enjoy!"
,Recommended,241600,8193708,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Porno Ross,good and cool. you can find a painting of a man on the crapper
,Recommended,241600,8196830,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ravager,"This game will eat up all your waking hours if you let it. Fun, very challenging and each death only makes you more determined. You will die A LOT, but it remains great fun"
76561198098286120,Recommended,241600,8243045,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,scottdottcomm,Great game.  Fun and funny.
76561198046791069,Recommended,241600,16997498,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Glenn_Miller,except for this not being a Roguelike as it is not a randomly generated dungen crawler with perma death similar to the great Rogue and Nethack of the 1980's this game is could not as good as Nethack but good
,Recommended,241600,17053038,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Not So Famous,"Have not beat the game yet, i highly recommend this game if you like rogue like games. When this game goes on sale its a must have. If you dont like this game contact me and i will get your money back personaly."
,Recommended,241600,17053216,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ashiebmast72,"This game is more difficult than it looks, but it's just easy enough that you don't rage quit. The goal of this game actually seems to be to die. Dying is the only way to level up. I love how the ADHD, PAD footed, dwarfism, etc. actualy helps you in the game to unlock some of the chests and secrets.This is a great game for any 2D platformer fan who likes a little hack and slash mixed with strategic boss fights."
,Recommended,241600,17059272,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Chinzilla,"Probably gonna write something already said. But Rogue Legacy is really really good. If you like Castlevania, and some humour, you cannot go wrong here"
,Recommended,241600,17061533,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,satyrelfheim,"I didn't expect to like this game very much because it didn't appear to be a proper roguelike, but it's incredible. Rogue Legacy plays like a mashup between the original platformer Castlevania and the newer Metroidania. Each character has one life and some weird abilities. Since each character is the next in line, it even has a familiar feel to the Belmonts from those games. When you start a new character, you can buy upgrades with acquired money, but every time you enter the castle you have to give a lot of it up to the door keeper. The different classes are fun to play and each has their own abilities. The enemies are challenging, but generally fair. With some very difficult rooms and an ever changing castle, you often have to decide between fighting or trying to move ahead; fighting isn't always worth it.I'm currently on my third playthrough (New Game ++) and there is still more to do; it gets significantly harder each time. I've yet to acquire all of the weapon blueprints or defeat the secret bosses, who I've just found out about.Very recommended if you like old-school action games"
,Recommended,241600,17068025,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Hadrig,"Quite addictive. You do die quite a bit, but it's still fun."
,Recommended,241600,1184431,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Banzin,Castlevania is reborn!!!! one of the best games i played on STEAM
76561198119832672,Recommended,241600,17068804,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,MicroSol,This game is REALLY addicting. Couldn't stop playing it for the whole day when I got it.
,Recommended,241600,17069104,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,vidd,It is alright to die.
76561198090727096,Recommended,241600,17070293,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,ryot333,This is an awesome rogue like adventure. It offers tons of features and hours of extremely difficult gameplay. enjoy
,Recommended,241600,17071854,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Kharmium,"This game is fantastic. Simple, yet addictive and hard enough to keep you hooked."
,Recommended,241600,17016272,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Thugtrio,"It's like the binding of Issac just less scary and creepy, and has more knights."
,Recommended,241600,17016960,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Phunnman,"Fantastic. I waited for a long time deliberating as to whether or not to buy this game, and then I bought it, and I love it so much. It's great."
76561198055965933,Recommended,241600,17017231,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,TheInfestation,fantastic game
,Recommended,241600,17020276,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Tavi Is Back You Guys,"-Entertaining Adventure Game-Lovely Soundtrack-Many Unique and Memorable Enemies-Impossible Bosses-Several Rooms to Explore-A Multitude of Biomes-Items Like Throwing Knives and Arching Axes Aid Your Journey-Weapon Delays for Half a Second Before Striking-Mysterious Chicken Heals YouLet's just pretend it's called ""Castlevania V"".Crystal clear now?"
,Recommended,241600,17021242,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Punished Jack,poo
,Recommended,241600,17022595,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,The Hulkster,Great game with a very well paced learning curve would recommend plus very challenging
,Recommended,241600,17024653,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Pyhis Pahis,roguelove at first sight
76561198071374605,Recommended,241600,17027371,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,tafru2,I didn't hate it. Its a cute concept doesnt really go beyond that so far. It doesnt make me want to play it.
76561198140531353,Not Recommended,241600,14303399,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,tigromvivo,Boring and hard as hell.
76561198082720317,Not Recommended,241600,14306531,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Xythazar,Just not fun because of learning curve is so steep it gets annoying way too fast at the beginning. Really hard to enjoy because it takes so long to learn how to play the game well.
,Recommended,241600,14290258,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,zeno,"Really fun game to play casually ever so often.  It takes some getting used to, but is a very addicting game."
,Recommended,241600,14292287,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Gunstar Green,"Dont read this just buy it and see why its so awsome. Do you like metroidvania games,Rogue likes,challanging, or just cool games this does it all. Almost infinite replay value. Still reading stop and buy this game. Now do it. Give in curiosity has the better of you do it."
76561198081448009,Recommended,241600,14426708,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,DISNEY CHANNEL FLOW,"Do you like dying countless times??If you do, then this game is for youAnd it's 15 ♥♥♥♥ing bucks.............."
76561198085572833,Recommended,241600,14404606,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,damnpanic,"This game is nothing more than addicting. The creator had a great sense of humour and I simply love it, even its ridiculously hard parts. It's great."
,Recommended,241600,14406153,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,JanIvar,Absolutely love this game!
76561197998570156,Recommended,241600,14409444,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,GatlingNuke438,make a RL2 plz 10/10
76561198103431330,Recommended,241600,14521032,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Fun Fact Filibuster,A true roguelike. Great references and comical moments. Perfect for the old school gamer and all roguelike fans.
,Recommended,241600,14659331,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Smash Meatchunk,"Great fun, but it seriously needs cloud support for saves."
,Recommended,241600,14539799,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Hatchibombotar,"This is my Animal Crossing. You know those gamers who have a PC and play sensible games regularly, and then calm down after a long sesh with a bit of Animal Crossing on their DS? No? I know like two people that do that. One actually plays Harvest Moon, I think. Whatever. They're like the same game. Anyway, I end every day by playing a decent four or five members of my Rogue's Legacy (I think that makes sense). It is an incredibly satisfying experience, especially once you learn the basic rules of the game's mechanics, so that you don't have to concentrate too hard. Every time I die, I know it's my fault, and there isn't that niggling frustration of a game that got it all right except for one thing that you wish that you could change. I particularly enjoy the regular class changes and the according playstyle changes that you have to make. Yes, this game is very good. Also, don't belive the lies that it says just underneath the big 'Recommended'. I always play this Offline. Just so you know, you know? Also, I guess, shoutout to Sjin for his video in May 2013 (Damn have I been hooked on this game for a while) that introduced me to the brillliance that is Rogue Legacy.EDIT: N i g g l i n g is a word of Scandinavian origin that means annoying. The word Steam accuses me of using is a very racist term that comes from the Spanish for black; negro. These words have no correlation whatsoever."
,Recommended,241600,14541050,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Soul inside the machine,"what happens when old school rouge like adventure meets a list of medical conditions and magic knights?answer you get one heck of a fun game with some weird antics, you wont know what each of the conditions does until you have seen them in action and some of them are completely game changing so challange yourself and give it a go.just don't contract AIDS, thats not a good thing to have"
,Recommended,241600,14684508,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,djamestc,"Probably my favorite game on Steam right now.  It's a 2D run and jump and slash castle exploration game with AWESOME bosses, good humor,  and addictive gameplay.  You cannot go wrong with this one, I promise.  Basically you (and your posterity) will try to discover who killed your father/grandfather/great...... you get the idea.  Buy it.EDIT: For those of you who are Linux users, the game functions FLAWLESSLY in Linux.Tux Score: 10/10"
,Recommended,241600,14681861,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,GCE | Regis,A challenging procedurally-generated action-platformer with well-balanced character progression and great post-game content.
,Recommended,241600,14534143,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Raum,"Rogue Legacy is yet another indie roguelite metroidvania, another in a long indie gaming fad of making roguelite metroidvanias. In Rogue Legacy, each character you play only lives once. While playing, you collect gold and artifacts which you then can use in future playthroughs, by spending gold on levelling up your stats, unlocking new classes, or unlocking new items. Slowly but surely, your character scales upwards in strength. You'll also unlock new weapons, armor, and other things through finding them in the castle or defeating bosses.Without getting super deep into the details, Rogue Legacy is a satisfying gameplay experience, with a bit of a weird learning curve. Initially, when you start, you'll struggle with making much progress. Especially since you cannot carry gold between castle runs, and because you can sometimes roll multiple useless characters in a row, you'll sometimes just be unable to progress. Eventually, you'll have a huge run, make tons of gold, and break through the threshold, but it can be a bit frustrating to wait until that moment.I enjoyed my time with Rogue Legacy, and I still sometimes boot it up to replay the castle a few times. Once you beat the final boss, you can either continue on in New Game+ infinitely (I've seen people at New Game +++++++!) or you can wipe your slate clean and start fresh.Ultimately, I feel like Rogue Legacy is a satisfying experience and a worthy entry to the long line of Roguelite Metroidvanias that we can't seem to escape. The closest cousin to this game would be Spelunky, although Spelunky is definitely a much more razor-thin cutthroat kind of game."
,Recommended,241600,14534683,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Cone,"This game nails down everything that it tries to do. And it tries to do a lot of really cool stuff.  Some parts of the formula are tried and true, while others are experimental and unique."
,Recommended,241600,13593084,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,derf,Feed me more controllers
,Recommended,241600,16914499,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Faiya,really fun to play
76561198032687176,Recommended,241600,16916636,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Hentetsugaku,"SMASH ALL THE THINGS, GET ALL THE STUFF, DODGE ALL THE OUCHIES.8/10 perfect for when you're bored and just wanna kill some time or a lot of time."
76561198035353669,Recommended,241600,16921032,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,ImperatorRice,"I am AWFUL at this sort of game, but I picked it up on sale due to a friend's reccomendation. It took me over 25 hours and 300 characters to beat (partly because I was just messing around, partly because I'm a complete scrub), and I think every minute of it was well spent. This game is challenging without being impossible, and the fact that once you die you can get back into the action within a minute makes it incredibly addictive.Betcha can't die just once."
,Recommended,241600,16921144,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,SiLVER (not alive),"Rogue legacy is an unpredictable RPG set in a castle. Alot of the mechanics seem dumb at first, I get that. However, you'll soon grow to love them and the gameplay's quirky fighting. I do not regret buying this at all. DEFINETLY a buy. Sale or not."
76561198044739599,Recommended,241600,16884652,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Bad pingo,The Rough Metal gap between♥♥♥♥♥ Welcome
76561197997685555,Recommended,241600,16740275,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,STeGaMeLiOn,"12 Hours into this game that combines Super Mario Bros. Castlevania Legend of Zelda and Mega Man!G R E A T     G A M E !!!I love the music! ***S O U N D T R A C K PLEASE!!!***GREAT MONSTERS! Shy guy wizards, horned demon faced ninjas, and classic skeleton and corrupt knight.Upgradeable skills/weapons and armor and randomized dungeons keeps me coming back for more!Rogue Legacy phobias for the dry humour win and extra spice!IBS so funny!And dyslexia and barfsville what a twist.Balding... (I caught that! ha ha!)Again, please make the soundtrack available. I love the Mayan theme!"
76561198015903840,Recommended,241600,15833332,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Heroherow,"As simple as it is, this game can keep you busy for many many hours. Each play is unique and it's not easy like most games nowadays.That was definitely a good purchase."
,Not Recommended,241600,17452995,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Phantom Voltage,"This game lacks any real depth or insight. Don't let the name fool you, this isn't a roguelike. Those tend to have interesting and tough decisions during the game. This is basically grind and eventually die to buy an upgrade, which also scale the difficulty. There is no reward for insightful play. It's addictive but unrewarding."
76561198040859976,Recommended,241600,17408185,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,LemonAbyss,"One of my favourite games of all time, Rogue Legacy (Not to be confused with Rogue Galaxy) definitely lives up to its name. As an 'Metroid-vania' esque game you live out the many,many, MANY lives of your lineage scoping out an ever changing castle. As you die( and you will die), you use your hard earned coins to upgrade your famjam. As hard as the game is, it is extremely enjoyable; and with the ever changing map it gives it a fresh start each time you enter (unless you lock the map). 2D Platforming at its finest with epic battles with bullet hell bosses(from what I've seen), quirky additions that make Rogue Legacy different from the rest, this game is for sure worth your time. If you like the style of course."
,Recommended,241600,17408591,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,giaman81,Its very very polished and has incredibly tight controls. The only problem I could possibly think of is the boss fights are less than stellar especially the second forms of each one.
,Not Recommended,241600,17409665,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,「JACK SUN」,It won't let me play the ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,241600,3237185,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Asimov,All around fun. If you don't mind dying a lot.
,Recommended,241600,1838404,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Icy ❋,"Insanely addicting. It's a randomly generated Metroidvania (very similar to Castlevania). It's like the Binding of Isaac of Castlevania, so expect lots of familar Castlevania enemies to appear (slightly different appearance of course) such as the Skeleton that throws bones, the slime that breaks into smaller slimes, etc. Like Binding of Isaac, when you die you start the game all over, but any blueprints you found in the castle can be purchased with the gold you find so you slowly get better.Buy three copies"
,Recommended,241600,17108227,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,The Guy,"I beat this game's final boss using a gay Hokage that had major gas issues, but not before going through 200 children's souls, killing fake chests, beating up a slime that split into 32 parts, and convincing Death to halve my toll fee.10/10In all seriousness now, the game has a great look, soundtrack's amazing, the gameplay is hard but feels rewarding no matter what you do, and the enemies keep on coming. Best traditional dungeon crawler I've ever seen."
76561198053405804,Recommended,241600,17017625,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,MLG Llama,11/10 would die again!
76561197977819693,Not Recommended,241600,15978694,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ed Rooney,"This game is so good for the first seven or eight hours that I'm genuinely mad the formula falls apart and it becomes tedious.Yeah, the game is clever and charming and the unique take on the Metroidvania genre is initially intriguing. Unfortunately all that charm is just a veil that hides the fact that the game is 95% grinding. Once I'd played with all the classes and all the possible traits a hero can have there wasn't much left to hold my interest. All you're doing is repeating the loop of searching out the chests and gold until you die and you can spend it on upgrades. You keep repeating that until you're bulky enough to take on the boss. The more you play the larger the area you search through in each run becomes and the upgrades cost more meaning subsequent runs take longer and longer while giving you less and less returns. The worst is going through a whole run just to upgrade your weight capacity so after another run you can buy and equip a new weapon or armor. There's  just not enough to see and do while grinding over and over to justify how long it takes. Each area of the castle is pretty much the same as the last only with recolored enemies.Similar Rogue-likes/lites/whatever you want to call 'ems like Spelunky and The Binding of Isaac are compelling because you know you always have the capacity to win and your own personal skill level is the limiting factor. Rogue Legacy's tougher areas are filled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t rooms that are so loaded with enemies charging at you and spewing bullet-hell death that you're pretty much required to grind to a certain point just to be able to have that area available for grinding in. It's a very boring cycle because the game lack any feeling of progressing. Unlike a traditional Metroidvania game you're not exploring to open up new areas and get items that will give you access you new parts of the world, you're just hoarding gold for upgrades. That sucks. And once all the classes are unlocked all you're playing for are marginal stat upgrades and that sucks even more."
,Recommended,241600,15985796,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,kexler,Love this game.  Two sore thumbs up.
,Recommended,241600,15989550,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Juicestain,It's good.
,Recommended,241600,16107209,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,SirShortyTheTall,"This game is an amazingly good hybrid between roguelikes and platformers. It retains many aspects from roguelikes, such as randomly generated dungeons, tons of bad guys after your head, and permanent death, all of which are integrated almost flawlessly. Though, it's not as difficult as many roguelikes, but it can be at times.The platforming is solid, but it takes some getting used to. One particularly important ability is the downward strike in the vein of Duck Tales or Zelda 2. Some platforms can only be opened by doing this, and you have to time it JUST right to get it open. Again, it's a bit frustrating at first, but you do eventually catch on.I think the heir system is alright, albeit a little bit unnecessary. Most of the traits the children can have are aesthetic, such as seeing everything in black and white or seeing everything flip around a la Paper Mario. However, the slightly rarer ones do affect gameplay, such as the inability to use the map, or the ability to keep the platforms open. Though, most of the time you pick the 'normal' characters; ones whose traits don't matter that much. In other words, the characters feel almost the same. If it wasn't for the varying classes each child could have, the heir system would be almost worthless. The classes are what actually make the children unique, as all classes are upgradable once and each has different strengths and weaknesses. A Geologist, for example, is an upgraded Miner who can see all chests on the map, as well as having a hefty bonus on collected gold. S/he suffers from lack of fighting potential, though. These, in combination with the aforementioned traits, make a good and fairly varied heir system.The actual gameplay itself is surprisingly addictive! Even after your character is killed, you'll want to immediately start a new character and spend all the gold you had from your previous character. Upgrades and armor last forever, so there is always a sense of progression with each life. Furthermore, you can buy runes which give you more special abilities you can tinker around with. I'm not going to spoil much of the gameplay, but I'll just say that there is a TON of replay value in this game.As far as the story goes, it just drops you little crumbs of it as you play, which is a good thing because it provides additional incentive to keep playing. Each diary entry often foreshadows what you will go through and what you can expect, so no need for external guides. Though, it doesn't spoil absolutely everything, leaving you to find some things out on your own.And just as a silly little tidbit, I'm beyond the year 3300 AD in my current game.So...yay?In short, I think that this is an incredibly good indie game. If you like either genre, you owe it to yourself to buy this game. You will not be disappointed!"
76561198186304141,Recommended,241600,16109634,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Okkoto,"Fun little game. Not one likely to hold your attention for a long time, but you never know. Certainly grab it on sale, but even buying at full price would be worth it."
76561197997401235,Recommended,241600,16112860,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,moxyfruvuus,Brilliant and highly addictive - you will fail and die with regularity but you'll keep coming back for more.
76561197969799351,Recommended,241600,12167027,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,magus517,"Exploration action platformer.The king has been attacked by an assassin, his only hope of survival is within a castle where legend says immortallity is hidden.  Pay the toll to enter a castle full of danger and monsters, but also lots of hidden treasure.  Defeat the four guardians to enter the throne room and claim the prize, or if you fail, your decendents can spend your gold on better equipment and upgrades.  But beware, for the castle changes each time someone enters, and your decendents may have a few quirks.....Game reminds me a lot of old school diablo.  Run around gathering gold and treature that is not useful until you die(similar to going back to town in D).  Dungeon is random, except for bosses and throne room.  Journals found throughout the castle advance the story.  After you've died over and over, and grown strong, then you can challenge the master of the castle.A little on the grindy side, but if you're better at the game than me, maybe not as much for you.Skill > grinding."
76561198072097831,Recommended,241600,16100979,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,The Entire Population of Canada,"This was generally a very fun game, it takes after older games from the NES and SNES era exept instead of the diffucutly coming from unfair game design, the diffuculty comes from good game design.With mutiple play styles this game is quite enjoyable both for play in short burst and longer marathons"
,Recommended,241600,15852778,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,J.N.Juice,"Rogue Legacy is the perfect example of what happens when the controls for a platformer are well-established. As of this review, it is one of my most enjoyed platformers.+Controls - Very well established, responsive, not necessarily without flaws, but still feels very good to play...+Creativity - A lot of thought was put into character traits, skills, monsters and terrain. Each of these make every playthrough feel fresh even if it retains the same gameplay mechanics every time.+Gameplay - Simple, but fun. Skills and class abilities allow you to approach each situation differently each time. It does come with one small drawback: it may feel awkward the first time around.+Art - what can I say, it's well done... at least for me+Music - good, not too good though...+Backstory - ERMAHGEHRD story in a platformer... don't need it! herp derp blah blah... okay it's not exactly the best story, but it was good enough to keep me playing and keep me searching for the diary entries.+Classes - okay so this should be part of ""Gameplay"", but it was so well done it deserves a separate mention... My favourite class would definitely be the Spellsword... and NO, there are PLENTY of reasons NOT to play Spelunker/Miner-Bosses - Let's be honest, it's easy to beat the bosses first time around... even more so if you've over-leveled which is not hard to do after some time... However, beating a boss unlocks a more challenging version of the fight with that boss, though some of you Hyper Hardcores probably still find that easy... Fighting through the levels presents a bigger challenge than actually fighting the bosses. Strangely though, this never bothered me.-Grindy - If you don't like the gameplay or don't get a feel for it early on, it's going to feel like this. I'm sure some players will think that they should max the gold related skills first, but I disagree. (I'd recommend to get ""Hokage"" early on.)-Randomization - the fates sometimes feel like toying with you, using rooms that you know you cannot access without a particular trait...(Minor)-Flexible Trait - WHY is this even a trait? This was one of the key bits missing from the wonderful controls. (Minor)Recommend? Yes, to anyone who enjoys platformers from the fun casuals to the hyper hardcores...Yes, to anyone who is looking for their first platformer...Yes, if you need to wash down the taste of horrible controls in platforming games *ahemtheybleedpixelsewahem*Don't get if: well, honestly I can't come up with a reason not to recommend it right now... I probably won't find one"
,Recommended,241600,15864697,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Dave The Brave,This game is waaay to addicting.
,Recommended,241600,15820733,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,TriangularRectangles,Wasn't too big on this game when I first played it but it keeps getting better and better as you play! Rogue Legacy should be a must in your gaming library.
76561197976627924,Not Recommended,241600,15824037,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,xbrandon7x,"Just wasn't a fan.I felt like the traits are almost all negative, and it became choosing an heir that messed the least with gameplay. After another hour it felt too gimmicky, and didn't feel the need to find more gold. Decided other games didn't annoy me as much."
,Recommended,241600,15824827,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Gohan,Its game like a Castelvania  xB 8/10Reccomend for who like oldschool games
,Recommended,241600,13958458,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Miller,"An amazing game. Maybe one day I'll write more than this. The soundtrack is great, the gameplay flows nicely, and the difficulty is just the perfect amount of challenging."
,Recommended,241600,15833926,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,thegregoman,"Rogue Legacy is inspired. Cellar Door Games has created a game centered around dying a lot and replaying the same level... as you can imagine, the core gameplay has to be tight as a drum to keep the game from getting too repetitive.  Cellar door did it!  The game is tough as nails: every inch feels like an accomplishment, every defeat a chance to be reborn stronger and better prepared.  The atmosphere created by the visuals and audio will creep into your soul.  If you like hardcore platformers with soul and self respect, grab a game pad and treat yourself!"
76561198060354488,Recommended,241600,9165038,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Waviness,"This game is hard, and requires the skill of any great dungeon crawling/metroidvania lover. The randomizing castle gives you a different feel of stage, even if a lot of the rooms are recycled, the arrangement never is, and you don't start noticing the change until you pour a good amount of hours into it.Also this game is hard. I like all the different classes and armor upgrades, it gives a lot of choice to how you want to play, which is something I love in games. You get money, buy stuff, die, and buy more stuff to expand the game. Simple, fun, and unlimiting to an extent.Oh, did I mention this game is hard? Like, really, REALLY HARD? I've speed ran and completed (100%) a lot of platformers, and my lord, this game will probably the hardest to ever do either, rivaling the Megaman Zero Series, THIS GAME IS HARD.Basically, if you like hard dungeon crawlers, metroidvanias, platformers, or RPGs, chances are, you'll enjoy this. It's easy to pick up and play, BUT REALLY HARD TO SURVIVE. Check it out if you ever get the chance."
76561198059007680,Recommended,241600,13433770,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,x ToY MaCHiinE,"""Free farts, 10/10""."
,Recommended,241600,15834095,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,JaCrispy,Have played for 26 hours.  Have never beaten the first boss.  Excellent.
76561198007240278,Not Recommended,241600,15838260,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Naburimannu,"Despite the name, it's a rogue ""lite"", not a rogue-like. It's a bouncy fast platformer with some light cute themeing, but doesn't satisfy the roguelike itch at all."
,Recommended,241600,16017792,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Moon,Simply perfect.
76561198067038914,Recommended,241600,7598122,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Darth,"If you like challenging, arcade style games with a good sense of humor; then this is the game for you, this is probably one of the hardest games I've ever played and I love it. Get this game!"
,Recommended,241600,15966594,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Hem,"Interesting concept, nice action platformer, a bit too basic and VERY repetitive, never saw the end because of that. So I would recommend if you are stubborn (was enough to spend almost twenty hours on finishing half of it) and if it is on sale, only with these conditions, if not, meh, there is better (if an update reduces the prices of the character's skills upgrades, I will finish this game). So I do recommend."
76561198048436893,Recommended,241600,15966639,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Marinus,BUY THIS GAME WHEN IT IS FOR LESS THAN 5 EURO!
76561198019576097,Recommended,241600,13925954,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,FullMetal,"I´m not a big fan of rogue games, but this is a great one!Get it on any sale (70 off on Black Friday) and just buy it."
76561198014889153,Recommended,241600,15620173,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Hanno,"If I'd know how hard this was I might not of bought it.If I'd known how addictive it was I definately wouldnt of bought it.After dying within about 30 seconds for the first 20 -30 run throughs,I gave up on the controller went back to keyboard and things suddenly started to make sense.Now I'm  in that  'just one more go'  phase.Not sure I would of bought it at full price  but definately worth it if on sale."
,Recommended,241600,15644531,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Rushore,"Very good, challenging gameplay, nice music... buy it"
76561198067231643,Recommended,241600,15644574,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,asap1,"In Rougue Legacy, you play as a family bloodline relentlessly attempting to infiltrate a castle (Or something like that). The platforming gameplay is fluid, the bosses are relentless, and each heir is unique to themselves.Each and every time you die, you can choose to upgrade your manor, before taking the plunge as your new heir. The loot collected by your deceased predecessor will be used to upgrade all aspects of your future characters.As stated by the trailer: not all hero's are born equal - and that, in a way, is true. Every time you restart, you're presented with three heirs. Each heir has attributes and modifiers that can be anything from quirky, to outright odd (looking at you alektorophobia).Overall, I had a good experience with this game, and haven't even completed the second boss yet (I think there are 4). But whatever the case, Rogue Legacy is a solid title from Cellar Door Games."
,Recommended,241600,15634961,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Ben Dover,"9/10Pros:HOUR AND HOURS OF FUNEverything feels fair and hardBeating bosses feel rewardingSimple and fun mechanicsCons:HARD AS ♥♥♥♥ AND IT TAKES A LONG TIME TO FEEL LIKE YOU'RE GETTING ANYWHEREWhen you're slightly short a few coins for upgrades, you lose them all (or a percentage) once you go back in the castle.Sometimes when you get♥♥♥♥♥♥characters, you feel like your next run is just a grinding run and it gets boring quick with these kinds of runsOverall, this is a ♥♥♥♥ing fun♥♥♥♥♥game and whether you buy it now or on sale, you'll get way more than $15 worth of enjoyment outta it."
76561198061331595,Not Recommended,241600,15635995,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Shiba The Doge,Game is too hard for noobs.Stopped playing after a while of dying repeatedly.Not fun enough to make me stay on and get good at the game.
76561198081258457,Recommended,241600,15594450,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,TrisKeLion,"So at first i downvoted this game coz the lack of controller was too much.. but after giving it a try with AutoHotKey it was amazing.Esc then Tab if you want to rebind key, but not all keys arent rebindable sadly.So if you want to play this game with a keyboard you need to know this:Attack - D (X on controller)Jump - S or Space (A on controller)Special - A (Y on controller)Dash Left - Q (LT on controller)Dash Right - E (RT on controller)Cast - W (B on controller)"
76561198054266408,Recommended,241600,5696187,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,KING LA RIP LA TEAM 600,Swag
,Recommended,241600,13484455,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,inXecure Gaming,"A fantastic roguelike, mixing skill and randomness.I've never been a big fan of roguelikes myself. I find most of them to be overly difficult and not all that fun. Rogue Legacy is a different breed in that no matter how many times you die, the game is never truly over. Infinite New Game + options and a really interesting system of stats and abilities make it much more accessible for people who are usually not that great at roguelikes. Not to say the game is easy, but it has more of a difficulty curve that the difficulty wall many other roguelikes have.9/10"
,Recommended,241600,13485390,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,TurnOneYeti,Amazing game!  One of my favorite Steam games and it cost me practically nothing.
,Recommended,241600,12455362,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Pynapple,Rogue Legacy is on of the most fun and addictive games I've managed to get my hands on. I found myself constantly coming back to it over and over again and it never failed to entertain me. I would definitely recomend this game to fill in your spare time. 8/10
,Recommended,241600,13505756,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Katheria,Awesome!
,Recommended,241600,13518501,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ivory Natalia,This game infuriates me. In a highly positive way. *keeps playing*
76561198025796063,Recommended,241600,13519807,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Smapsis,Great game that will keep you busy for quite a few hours. Has that good old-timey feel to it!
76561198063151222,Recommended,241600,10431940,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Barnito Supreme,dis is best 10/4 B)once i played this game for 10 hours straight and forgot it was 6:30 am
,Recommended,241600,13522233,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PeanutbutterJelly,"Great game, has the old school 2D hack and slash feel with the much added difficulty but coupled with the good level progression to keep you on your heels longer with each heir, making the game harder to stop playing."
,Recommended,241600,30494492,Posted: 13 March,all,ava1anch3,incredibly frustrating. the difficulty is set way too high and there's no way to adjust it.mostly you just have to wait until you're lucky enough to get a couple easy castles so you can actually buy upgrades.wouldn't recommend if you're gonna be using keyboard controls.
,Recommended,241600,9791855,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Whidah,Epic addicting game! Best platformer i have played! everyone should give this game a chance :)
,Recommended,241600,13819517,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,1wolffan,"Rogue legacy is a VERY challenging 2D platformer/scroller. This game is along the lines of the so-called Metrovania scrollers. You play as a hero who's job is to rescue the king in a mansion. Unfortunately the mansion locks behind you. And you only have one life to make it through. If you die, one of your heirs can spend any gold you've earned to buy new abilies/skills, etc.Each time you die, three of your heirs step up to the plate. And you ahve to pick which one carries on the family Legacy. Problem is, each of your heirs comes with a host of genetic traits. One of them might be balding, another might be extra strong, another might be terrified of food. Once you've picked the heir you prefer, you can send them by the shops, and buy some new equipment. Once you've finished shopping it's time to enter the mansion again. The guard demands all of your remaining gold to allow you to enter, so spend what you got, while you got it.Once you enter in, you'll notice very quickly that the entire mansion has changed its layout. It seems that each time you enter, the entire mansion shifts it's walls and traps, giving you a different playthrough, for every different heir. The map is basically procedurarly generated for each playthrough. You'll learn each rooms traps over time, but it still makes the replay value pretty good.The game is clearly designed to be played with a controller, over mouse and keyboard. Even then, the controls can feel rather muddy at times. There are several times will your game will feel a little grindy while you try to earn just enough money to get one additional skill to try and earn a little more gold. This can get annoying really easily, but once you succeed it feels pretty good."
,Recommended,241600,13821110,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Joe The Space Guy,Buy it.
76561198054955382,Recommended,241600,13821267,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,kottadragon,It's fun and brutal you will die a lot i'm 15 hours into the game and i'm still trying to beat the second boss! You must buy this game if you don't your mising out.
76561197972109735,Recommended,241600,13675096,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,quasifilter,"Rule #1:  Have a controller of don't bother.Ghosts 'n Goblins + Castlevania + Metroid = Rogue Legacy.   This game is nothing short of intense. If you were raised on the NES like me you will appreciate every second of this game. If you you think things like Halo are the best game ""EVAR"" then stay away.In this game you start off relatively weak compared to the enemies.  You venture into a foreboding castle where inevitably you will die, and quickly. Death is permanent in this game, but fear not!  Once you die you chose one of your 3 children. Each heir has a randomized class, spell, and between 0 and 2 traits.  Classes are as follows:Knave / Assassin: Low stats, but higher critical hit chance / Turn to mist to avoid enemiesKnight / Paladin: Well balanced stats / Shield that blocks all damageBarbarian / Barbarian King: Low damage but high HP / Shout that pushes enemies backMage / Archmage: Low HP, high MP, absorb MP on enemy kills / cycle between 3 different spells.Spellthief: Smaller sword based on magic damage, absorbs mana from hit enemies / Stronger version of your spellLich/Arch Lich: Low starting HP but adds +1 Max HP per enemy killed / Trade Max HP for Max MPMiner / Spelunker: Low Stats, but 30% increased gold collection / Treasure chests shown on unexplored map areasNinja / Hokage: Low HP and no critical hits, but normal attack is very high / Quickly teleport a short distanceDragon: No sword or jump, and can only cast dragonfire, but your MP regenerates rapidly and you have unlimited flightThe gold you managed to collect before you were killed stays with you wen you die. You can spend it on various stats, weapons, and rune upgrades to make you stronger for your next play through. Spend as much as you can though, because once you re-enter the Castle you must pay Charon all of your remaining gold (you can keep up to 50% if you buy the necessary upgrades)The castle is completely randomized each play through (unless you have the engineer lock it down, but at a cost of a huge gold penalty).  Rooms, enemies, treasure is different every time. Your ultimate goal is to defeat the 4 bosses in the 4 different areas of the Castle to open the last boss room and defeat him. It sounds simple, but the vast majority of the game involves getting gold and powering up before you can face the later areas without getting killed in one shot. The initial play through offers between 20-30 hours for expert players.The game has a few flaws.  The controls all feel delayed and floaty.  You must swing your weapon well in advance or the enemy will likely damage you well before you connect. Jumping is not delayed, but the floaty feel makes some of the precision platforming required tricky at times.Overall a great game that can offer up to 60 hours of quality gameplay (its not over just because you beat the boss!)An amazing value at any price."
76561198015163303,Recommended,241600,13675201,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,destroyer_droid,"Loved it!  I'm not always a huge fan of the rougue like games as I don't enjoy that feeling of all your hard work going to waste ala a game like FTL or Binding of Isiac.   However, this game with its gold carryover and upgrade tree fixes that feeling completely.  After each playthrough, you can spend your amassed gold to upgrade your castle and increase your heros stats and unlock more classess, giving the game a ""one more play"" feeling to it.  there were numerous times where I would swear that it as my last play through and instead decided to play two or three more games just to see how much further I could get with my new stats.Control wise, its tight.  Very nice handling, smooth and responsive.I put in 24 hours to this game and couldnt of been more impressed,  I hope more games follow the rogue like with persistant upgrade system of Rogue Legacy,"
,Recommended,241600,13675589,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Radical_Dreamer,"Dont be an ***hole, buy this game. You're welcome."
,Recommended,241600,13675724,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ceptor,"I paid Death's Toll just to enter a castle to die again and repeat, yet it was a fun experience for some masochistic reason.14/5"
76561197977528867,Recommended,241600,13676245,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,bakkeby,"It was pretty fun for a while, then my hero died..."
76561198040982862,Recommended,241600,13676535,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ZoeZoe,100% success after 40 hours in game!This castlevania rogue like game was wonderfull:- yeah you die a lot early+ but you loot gold & stuff+ and improve your heir+ which can be from various classes+ each heir is unique: various/hilarious traits+ to fight multiple ennemies (3 evolutions for each)+ dozen of mini bosses & bosses+ with a little story/background+ 2nd breath with the Mode++ 3rd breath with the NewBosses strong challenges+ CASTLEVANIA :3= My favorite game so far
76561198040677745,Not Recommended,241600,13677105,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BooomHeadShot,"Wow. This game is frustratingly hard. At first, I was amused by the quirky humor, but after a few dozen deaths, I was very put off. I've put in 1.2 hours as of writing this review, and have progressed very little in terms of upgrades.The controls suck. Everything hits way too hard. Wish I could have my $2.24 back. =/"
,Recommended,241600,13700713,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,strongfingers88,am a fan of the man10/10
76561198112336873,Recommended,241600,18230265,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,megapiccolokamicolo,Fantastic Music
,Recommended,241600,18225773,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dog Nmad,"This Game. This game is downright amazing. I'm usually not a huge fan of rogue like games where everything gets randomized, but this game exists and proves me wrong. Where do I begin? The entertainment never ends due to the castle's layout always changing, and the loot is rewarding when you find it. You feel stronger and feel like you get better at the game the longer you stay at the castle, but once you earn enough gold for an upgrade, nothing feels more satisfying then anything. Even if you die, your next child inherits the cash to spend. If you actually like how a castle is structured, you can use the architect to secure the castle, thus locking it until you are tried of the layout.Overall: A ♥♥♥♥ing amazing game that i recomend ANY platforming enthusiast to try if you are really into a rogue like game with hard difficulties but a fewarding adventure. 10/10"
76561197963978646,Recommended,241600,168448,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,MidLifeStasis,"It's Castlevania: SOTN in a super addicting, roguelike package.  It's totally worth $15.  Generation after generation of heroes will die in one sitting, as you tell yourself, ""Just one more try, THERE IS STILL SO MUCH TREASURE."""
76561198183194687,Recommended,241600,18166878,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Weightless,"Everything about this game is awesome. This is probably the only game I've tried to beat three times (it gets harder each time and it's hard as B word the third time through).It has a classic feel while having great controls and randomly generated levels that aren't absurd. When they do produce something weird, it's actually kind of fun, like walking into a room that just has spikes at the bottom. There are a wide variety of enemies and ""minibosses"" and a chance to play a tripped out version of the bosses once you beat the original The different classes of warriors are interesting, and some of the miscellaneous attributes are hilarious (for instance, being flatulent, balding, gay or nostalgic). You don't grind in the game per se, but you definitely need to get all the gold you can to buy runes (powers), gear and skills. When you first start playing it'll seem like you can't stay alive at all but as you get more used to the enemies and buy powers you will get a feel for it (I never imagined I would be able to go through the entire castle in one life, I did that a couple times though, feels crazy). You also get the interesting choice of having the ""architect"" preserve the castle as it was for a fee, if you think you found something or have the chance to get further.All of these little things contribute to the game having the highest replay value of almost any game.The music is good (although if you play the game long enough, you hear the song at the first section of the castle a milion times, which would be a minor complaint). I think had other small complaints but they really don't matter that much.This is one of those rare games that has a classic feel but is completely fresh. Super highly recommended."
,Recommended,241600,18141631,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,whymesoshuai,"I think this game is pretty great. Sometimes contiuous death with only a little money may be very confuing, but I think this is one attractive characteristic of this game, and this will lead to huge amount of sence of achievement when conque this game."
,Recommended,241600,18195671,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Dracklore,"A platformer with perma-death, yet a hereditary progression system. It's fairly entertaining, but offers little in variety beyond buffing enemy strength as you improve."
,Recommended,241600,18174955,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Kiwista,I like castles.
,Recommended,241600,30451542,Posted: 11 March,all,;^),Unforgiving but very fun.
76561198040933015,Recommended,241600,7797675,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,KibaTheFloatzel,"It is a very chalengeing and adictive game. Every run feels diffrend as you have to pick what random buff and/or debuff you want for the run, and the leveling up is well pased and fair. For anyone who likes games like castlevania or metroid, and are looking for a good chalange, This is definatly worth the buy."
,Recommended,241600,64352,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Run GMC,"You die, you come back, and you die again. Roguelike game where you come back stronger with each death, but just know it's hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Fun as hell though. 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,241600,7798607,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,PigPoacher,Somehow doesn't even feel like you are playing the same thing over and over again. Always a new layout and a new challenge each playthrough! Would recommend using a controller if you have one though.
,Recommended,241600,7798630,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,B|BStorm,"It's a great combat platformer that is extremely difficult.The combat is extremely simple and repetitive after a long time but the variety of enemies helps keep it interesting.The 'heir' system is nice as it keeps the gameplay interesting and surprising but can be annoying if you don't get a good choice for an heir several times in a row.The music is great, especially the boss music.The game is fun, but only if your willing to put up with dieing a lot and losing a lot of progress as this will happen very often."
,Recommended,241600,7798643,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ClapTrapObama,"This game is awsome and I have five reasons why its worth it.1 the music is great!!!2 the castle is awlways diffrent leaving for a new experince every time3 there is unice traits to every charcter4 there is three big, chalgening stages5 there is fun minigames and other cool stuff hidden in the castle"
,Recommended,241600,2942822,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Suwa,"Rogue Legacy is a really fun game with simple yet addictive gameplay.It can be completed in less than 6 hours but it offers a lot of replay value (collecting Runes, Armor blueprints, etc.).The only bad thing I can say about the game is that grinding for money to get new upgrades can feel a bit repetitive.It's still worth buying.8/10"
76561198071532196,Recommended,241600,7798951,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Roryz,"Rogue Legacy is the first game to genuinely take me back to the joy and charm of my SNES childhood and its rogue-like features kept the challenge consistent and rewarding. Its progression system, which pleasantly deviates from the traditional rogue-like mechanics of complete perma-death, lends itself well to short or long play sessions. Yes, you may die but your legacy will live on through your heirs as they steadily build towards avenging you and your ancestors!The first few hours can be very punishing as you whip your lineage through the first few character levels as you build your stats. While I’d respect that this may prove to be too tedious for some, it’s steady progression system ensures that as long as you the player get further and further, your character will follow suit and grow. This is certainly one of Rogue legacy’s most satisfying features. Along with building stats you can purchase Runes which are stackable perks that change the mechanics of your player allowing them to double-jump, dash, fly, extract health and mana from enemies and various others. The experimentation that these afford the game allows your legacy to be molded and perfected to exactly your play style.Rogue Legacy’s charm and wit coupled with its interesting and challenging mechanics elevate the traditional side-scrolling hack and slash into something truly special."
,Recommended,241600,7799537,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RobLoach,One of the best Rogue-like adventure/action games out there.Hint: Go for the Hokage.
,Recommended,241600,7799565,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,gigaclon,"This is one of the best indie games of the year. You start off exploring a castle and slicing things and collecting money. You then spend your money to unlock new weapons or new classes or other buffs. Then you give all your money Charon for the privledge of doing it again. And again. And again. This game has definately had me going, ""Just one more run!"". Different classes/traits require different strategy. And there some traits that I just avoid, like Vertigo. Lots of fun here."
,Recommended,241600,7799646,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,articman,Still working my way through it but from what I have seen if you like platformers you will probably like this game. If you don't like platfromers then you will hate it as that is all it really is. However it does introduce some new concepts to the platforming genre that really make it stand out.
76561197972908203,Recommended,241600,7800011,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Chaoticgenius,"Seriously one of the most fun games I have played all year, if not for the last few years"
,Recommended,241600,7800278,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Fetch,"This game is seriously some of the most fun I've had in a while. I can't quite explain why it's so addicting, but I just spent four hours playing this game without even realizing it."
,Recommended,241600,457648,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,King Link,"Highly recommended for fans of side scrollers or Roguelikes.    Difficult, fair but fun as hell, and a number of clever traits.  The random hero really adds to the game."
,Recommended,241600,7343482,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Commando842,This is a great single player game about learning techniques and unlocking items. The castle and character generation system is fair and the control feels perfect. This game forces you to learn enemies and their attacks/patterns and how to eliminate them. Rogue Legacy focuses on a random generated character system which will generate a class and certain disabilities which will affect certain mechanics. The talent tree is fair and gives you a variety of skills to add. You can mix and match armour as well as runes to change gameplay. You can easily get glued into this game and sink over 20+ hours into it (Depending on if you replay it to get the extra items). The storyline evolves through reading several diaries and is decently interesting but is more about the gameplay than story. Overall I would rate this game about a 9/10 and would suggest you give it a whirl if 2-D side scrolling RPG's is your thing.
,Recommended,241600,4801683,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,|sap| Thuriss,"Super awesome game, very reminiscent of the 90's and old school rogue likes. It adds many new things to the traditional rogue like format, like progression, a family tree that is hilarious, traits that influence your character and the way you would play. Well over 30 hours into this game until I beat it, I have seen people beat it faster/longer. The new game plus and the replayability of the dungeon is just insane. A required game for lovers of action/platformers and rogue likes."
,Recommended,241600,7683828,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Sparxelz | gamekit.com,"O jogo é muito bom para pessoas que gostam de jogos dificies e também o jogo é bem variável quanto a dificuldade as vezes ele é impossivel pra se jogar.Por isso que eu amei o jogo, ele é demais valeu!"
76561198049984365,Recommended,241600,7687060,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,UnspentTuna,"Really fantastic. One of my favourite ""die all the ♥♥♥♥ing time"" games."
,Recommended,241600,7794900,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Potatoes Are Not Explosive,A lovely game to sit and listen to a podcast to. I would suggest investing in a gamepad though.
76561198031439987,Recommended,241600,7795228,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Disciple,This game is just too much fun to let it pass you up with this price!
,Recommended,241600,7795299,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RiffRaff,"Playing this game is basically like getting a new 2D Castlevania game every 10 minutes.  It has great pixel art graphics and music, solid controls (using a 360 gamepad), and a wicked but fair challenge.  If you dig Metroidvania style games, Rouge Legacy is a must buy."
76561198067882516,Recommended,241600,7977532,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Comments123,Anyone who enjoys old castlevania games must play this game. It is a perfect mix of the risk=reward formula that we know so well while retaining the absurd difficulty. Also a healthy dose of random generation really livens up the gameplay and adds a lot of replayability.
,Recommended,241600,7977533,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,sambomaster,"Some call it a grind, but if you're a fan of old school side-scrollers like Castlevania or Megaman, this game is amazing."
76561198056699072,Recommended,241600,7978192,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Mick.JPEG,♥♥♥♥♥McGee this game is addictive
76561198098267380,Recommended,241600,7979059,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Thee Patman,Super fun and addictive
,Recommended,241600,7980260,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,FireBirdJustice,Very fun and addictive. I love the loot system.
,Recommended,241600,2091904,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Nail_Bombed,"If you like games like The Binding Of Isaac, Spelunky, and Castlevania - you should pick this one up. Very good roguelike platformer."
,Recommended,241600,3149909,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Gaudion,"Oh my god, what can I say about Rogue Legacy..?It looks so freaking amazing by style, the game concepts caught to me instantly.You play as a hero, nothing more really, you play through what feels like a rogue-like game with platformer elements, makes you think back to games like Castlevania with its backtracking for more resources. You have only so much health and mana. Expend all your mana and you could be lost without an easy way to get through, I've only played thirty five minutes and I can already say that I will be playing this game for hours on end. The best part of the game is that when you get killed, your old character you worked hard on, is dead, as in you will not play as Sir Wallace, but you may play as Lady Sonya II, Barbarian Queen that will end up having possibly things such as Gigantim or Dwarfism, even having characters that are gay. There are a lot of other video game references tied into this game and they're all very charming when you find them. I bought this game for fifteen dollars, but it has been worth it so far, the game itself has that snack game like feel you would have playing a flash game, but that's perfectly okay, it gives you so much enjoyment for what it is by playing it. Perfect game for when you just need to burn a good hour or two. Oh one more thing, any playthrough you go through will change as well as that character you once played, the layouts change entirely, unless of course you sacrifice 30% of your gold to save the layout from being changed. But even if you somehow become overly geared up by new equipment or your choices of tree, those enemies are unforgivable when it comes to your characters, they will DECIMATE you into dust, what's amazing is that the controls and detection feels so good that you know when you died, yeah it was because you didn't get to avoid that attack, you can easily get cornered by the bosses, so that sense of survival just gets sharper and sharper ever time you die and become reborn, you come back with what your ancestors died within five minutes of your time or so to bring to your current character of lineage, but you're still a hero, strugging to survive the chaotic world of Rogue Legacy.Overall, I highly recommend playing this game, If that block of text doesn't convince you, that's fine, but read this: This game has me rambling like this for thirty five minutes of gameplay. I will not forget this title, now if you excuse me, I have to get back to getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by a Flamelock."
,Recommended,241600,2561105,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,mynameisharsha,Just-one-more-game addiction at its finest!
,Recommended,241600,7805865,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,daynexi,"Engrossing. Challenging. Witty. Fun. Rage-inducing. Rogue Legacy is all these things and I keep playing it because I get further every time one of my heroes dies. Each new hero has witty traits (flaws) that they possess. Example: ""Sir Gorgonzola the Giant Colorblind Dyslexic knight."" Traits affect how your hero plays through the castle. The upgrade system is the main reason you get further every time. Amass enough gold and you can upgrade your stats, existing classes, and evenutallly unlock new character classes. Blacksmith can provide you with new armor, for a price. Levels are randomly generated, so every run through the castle is different, which is good for gold building and keeps things interesting. (You can gain the ability to lock down the castle if you like a particular layout.) This roguelike metroidvania is worth your time. Highly recommend playing this game.I recommend playing this game with a controller. It's still playable using keyboard, but the controls feel ""right"" for controller.Still not convinced? There is a demo. I played the demo all the way through the first boss, and beat the demo. (The full version has major improvements over the demo, but the demo is still good if you want to try before you buy.)http://www.indiedb.com/downloads/rogue-legacy-demo-v102"
,Recommended,241600,7806551,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Zackin5,Castlevania: Randomized Castle Edition(I just wish the spritework was as badass as Castlevania's)
,Recommended,241600,7807509,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Ninja Gaijin,Excellent platformer. Hits the sweet spot between challenging and fun.
,Recommended,241600,7807738,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,AyyySB,This game is hard. Very damn hard. But it is brilliant. Practising and getting used to it will make you better and my god it is addictive. This is definately worth the £4/$6 definitely buy this gem.
76561198062898644,Recommended,241600,6285136,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Enormous_Rat,"That game is full of great ideas, and well realised.  It's fun to play and made by only few people! Its full of awesomeness, i bought it full price and i regret nothing. One of the best 2013 game until now."
,Recommended,241600,7808501,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Ansemist,"This is a fun game in the sense that there is no predicting what the next castle will look like ( unless you get the upgrade to do so, ) and with the customization of your character, your keep, and the spells/abilities you can acquire, you'll still find yourself dying to the silliest things. It has the difficulty, and the always-changing playstyle that will keep me entertained for hours each sitting."
,Recommended,241600,7808677,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Proto84,Great game with a solid progression system. Makes platforming a lot more fun. Each generation you get to choose a different class. As you go along you can unlock more classes which adds more variety. I personally love the Castlevania games and this is an interesting twist on that genre.
,Recommended,241600,7808683,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Ruke,"How can this game be rated so highly?  It's insanely hard - i can't imagine any reviewer actually got far enough in the castle to review.  This is one of those 'emperor's new clothes' things.The game is fun for about 5 minutes, then you can't take the constant reminder that you're awful at this game.  AND THIS IS COMING FROM A GUY WHO BEAT DARK SOULS.  C'mon!"
76561197995119015,Recommended,241600,7808731,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,justisaur,"Extremely addicting, I played through about 5 times!"
,Recommended,241600,7808809,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mr. Green Genes,Random castle generation makes a normally grindy game feel much less grindy. Well worth the trivial dollar amount.
,Recommended,241600,7809303,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,KAMaxamillianK,"A truly great game, hard but rewarding game that's fun. It makes you want to play more and more and have fun with it."
,Recommended,241600,7809551,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,DaleFu,"Platforming goodness.  Dying is inevitable, but overall progress is still made so it never feels pointless.  Super fun game."
,Recommended,241600,2944634,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,dustbrain,Good Stuff
,Recommended,241600,518259,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Calesti,Get it. you'll laugh. You'll spend hours playing it.
,Recommended,241600,11530728,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Mr.Delicosio,this is an unforgiving game. if you want to play a great indie game thats challenging then you should definetly play this game
76561197995652588,Recommended,241600,1632984,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Sadistic Puppy,"So simple, yet so fun!  Blink your eyes and you'll finally notice that it's past your bedtime!"
,Recommended,241600,11539669,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,BrandonC,"If you're looking for a dungeon crawler with huge replay value, in the Castlevania/Metroid vein, this is for you."
76561197985881367,Recommended,241600,1071262,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Lucius Brimstone,"It's not often that I throw my controller in the air and curse a game while laughing and having a damned good time.  This game is unnecessarily fun.  Check it out.Anyway, I consider this a great game without a second thought.  It's a roguelike but there's an element of control over it if you so choose.  The bosses are hardish unless you either over-level or figure out their mechanics/exploit them.It's hard without being unforgiving, and if you die it's almost entirely your fault.  Progression is made when you die, too, so dying hardly feels like a punishment and more like a reward.Really, great game, you should be buying and playing it rather than looking to see what other people think."
,Recommended,241600,11595939,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Without,"I'm not really the sidescroller type. Not because I think the genre's bad, or anything, but just because I never really got into it in the first place. Couple of Mario games when I was younger, and that's it. So it came as a pleasant surprise when this Steam Summer Sale $1.70 game turned out to be massively enjoyable. The Roguelike variance of the game combined with the means of making steady progress create a deeply engaging experience, which I gladly sunk hours of play into. The gold and upgrade mechanics are especially brilliant, in my eyes. They allow the game to essentially modulate its own difficulty level, with skilled players clearing the game easily on low gold counts while the scrubs like me can grind until it gets easy enough to beat. It's a beautiful effect that widens the audience hugely. Even better, the New Game+ and (so I've heard) New Game++ effects allow the game to extend its life even further. There's certainly a point where it stops being fun, but I've not yet found it. And all this without even getting into the birthline and equipment mechanics!If you're patient player with a taste for fighting, this is definitely the game for you."
,Recommended,241600,151166,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Tupper,"These are the same guys that made ""Don't♥♥♥♥♥♥Your Pants."" You should need no more convincing."
,Recommended,241600,11461411,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,TrueMisfit,"I actually both recommend and do not recommend this game, because it's really about your tastes.The game itself is straightfoward, you play a knight and try to beat the castle. You can level up to get a little better and spend gold to make a better caslte, and make better future knights.  There are bosses that remind me of old school games and plenty of abilities to earn by runes and armor.This is where the path splits, because early on the game is hard enough to make you rip out your hair, and each character only has one life (technically), as well as the castle being randomized each time (technically), thus you can get a really, REALLY good knight and a really, REALLY hard castle and die within minutes, making the whole run a waste of time.  Being that gold is reset when you enter the castle (technically) as well it makes it hard to get any upgrades sometimes.Some characters have a chance to defy death and come back to life and you can pay the architecht 10% of what you earn to keep the castle the same for another run, and there is an ability to give less gold to the reaper to enter the castle, so not all is completely lost.But overall the game takes days upon days of playing before you can even go to some parts of the castle, and while this may not seem like a bad thing, (a game having some actual play time a bad thing?), it is more or less artifical play time, as you wont be able to go to more than 1/4th the castle for quite a while.If you have some patience and aren't easily frustrated this game is good, but if you're looking for something to play to just relax from a hard day then I advise you to look elsewhere."
,Recommended,241600,11632915,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Hipster Cat,This game is Dark Souls if it were a platformer/sidescroller.Very interesting game and overall was well worth the ~4$ I spent on it.Controller compatible!
76561198008630373,Recommended,241600,11644282,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,goldenanubis,"Super cute, a little on the hard side, and can get frustrating, but if you have somone to take turns with, it's just dfglkjsfdgds very good."
76561198126692446,Recommended,241600,11644738,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,GreatandPowerful,Great and powerful game
,Recommended,241600,8354564,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,akaBitter,"All credit to the devs for creating a game so unforgiving, but absolutely free of controller throwing frustration. This joins Everday Shooter on my ""go to"" list for short sessions."
76561198103750313,Recommended,241600,11647357,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,left kek,"This game is addicting fun and hard as hell. U will get ur♥♥♥♥♥handed to when u first start but as u progress u gain more health, do more damage, and upgrade classes. The trait system is kickass and is super fun when u get a ridiculous trait like stereo vision. This game is pretty much the offspring off spelunky and wayward souls. Did i mention it was hard."
,Recommended,241600,11652022,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,BrutalWaffle,"One of my charactors was a gay, colorblind, midget, and I was immediately destroyed by a big dude with a spear. BEST GAME!!! 10/10"
,Recommended,241600,11627387,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Kristablaken,"I can't recommend this game enough. It is perfectly balanced and crafted to be incredibly addictive, and the art style is timeless. It's the first game that I've ever relentlessly pursued all Steam achievements for and still wanted more afterwards."
76561198102377084,Recommended,241600,11628572,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Beast2403,"A superb indie title. If you love a challenge, or are a fan of the Metroidvania game style, then this is something you should consider. Hard as balls though, and you will die A LOT. This is the point though as each death will give you the chance to make yourself stronger, in order to proceed further in the castle during your next run. New Game+ feature is also included after beating the game, making enemies stronger with a trade off of finding better loot. New Game+ can be repeated as many times as the player wishes, although this should only be attempted by those who think Contra or Castlevania 3 on the NES is a walk in the park."
76561198102782845,Recommended,241600,11522714,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Zatiel,"Un excelente juego para pasar el rato. Al principio se puede poner frustrante y es algo tardado si como yo tienes los dedos chuecos y haces dash en vez de saltar, pero eventualmente tus personajes crecen y la cosa se pone mucho mas divertida. Tiene buenos jefes y lo unico malo es que los enemigos se tornan repetitivos."
,Recommended,241600,11527576,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,lllaflame,"This game was glorious. It has a couple laughs in store for some, and a challenge for all. At one point you may play as a gay dwarf man-dragon in an enormous procedurally generated 2-d dungeon, and I think that says a lot about a game. I enjoyed all of my time with this game."
76561198136278342,Recommended,241600,11566020,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Cshortey,"I find this game to be very fun and VERY FRUSTRATING at the same time.WHY IT IS FUNIt has that great retro feel to it as well as it has very fluid controls. I realy enjoyed the dairy entries and just the overall game.WHY IT IS FRUSTRATINGThe bosses are incredibly hard, if you choose to fight them. The difficulty of the rooms will go up and down randomly throughout the castle.overall I give this game 9.5 knights out of 10"
,Recommended,241600,3437650,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,SyCry,This game is like CRACK!!!!!!!! The sheer blissful metroidvania gameplay plays impeccably well with the rougelike element. I found myself playing this game for 4 hours completely forgetting time existed. One more run. One more run. You know what? One more run....
,Recommended,241600,11571489,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Trizworld,"To enjoy this game, you must like:RoguelikesRoguelights (BOI etc.)To die alotLove platformingTiming sword hitsRunning all around the placeEnjoy awesome music, that isn't '8 bit' or that retro (more of a mix really)Like knightsLike chicken"
,Recommended,241600,11575184,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Garrett3113,The best Rouge-Like game that I have played. I would reccomend this to anyone
76561198044417351,Recommended,241600,11580323,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,God,Love it one of the best games ever.
,Recommended,241600,11580365,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Dustkey,hard but rewarding and tons of fun!
,Recommended,241600,11581072,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Dimanator,"Frustrating but fun. In new game +++ it's impossible to kill the regular mobs, while the bosses are still easy."
,Recommended,241600,11582301,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,ZCS| Chuckman,"This game is so awesome! It is fun, addicting, and its got comedy. It has good music and is a challenging game, but not to challenging where it becomes a pain. There is an upgrading system and don't want to give to much away about this game because its one of those games you should discover on your own. Play this game trust me! Many hours will be spent playing this game!"
,Recommended,241600,11583633,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,StuChainz,So much fun
76561198031540447,Recommended,241600,11823188,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Whiskey Gamer,"Good game play ideas, cute visuals, solid mechanics and just enough surpirses through out. If you like either Rogue-likes or hack n' slash plaformers this game is a must!"
,Recommended,241600,11027333,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Gaspar,Highly addictive and fun to play. The trait system is a great way to mix up the gameplay difficulty from generation to generation being both a source of laughter and frustration depending on the combination.Recommended if you're a glutton for punishment!
,Recommended,241600,11825488,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Dangus Khan,"I love this game SOO MUCH!! Great difficulty, great unlock system."
76561198008404349,Recommended,241600,11825611,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Saigronas,"Simple, epic and gloriously hilarious!"
76561198061978032,Recommended,241600,11805731,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,toniONE,"Fantastic game.Needs a lot of train because some bosses are too hard to kill... good itens make no difference, just playing like a boss."
,Recommended,241600,11808845,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Sly,"Sick Game.Really compelling Roguelike platformer. Charming visually, engaging combat, occasionally hilarious and easy to sink days of your life into."
,Recommended,241600,11810766,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Henry-chan,"Rouge-like that each time you die, you continue your quest as one of 3 of your heirs that can have disablilities and different class abilities."
76561198026785315,Recommended,241600,14969762,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Mr No Stealth,"for a piece of assessment I had to review a game and I chose Rogue Legacy.This assessment was for CIU 110 and had to be roughly 500 words so there is a lot of reading...Rogue Legacy is a 2d rogue-like action platformer RPG in which you enter the castle Hanson looking for a way to cure the king and be made next heir to the throne.The game is set in a medieval time period that contains myths and magic and you’re son to a knight who disappeared in the castle Hanson and are  most likely afflicted with a condition such as Alektorophobia, (Fear of chickens) Coprolalia, (Similar to Tourette’s) or even dwarfism (shorter than usual) to name a few. So, as the only reasonable decision you give all your wealth to Charon the gatekeeper and enter the castle yourself.Almost inevitably players will notice the rogue-like elements around the time they notice the platforming element, as you will die a lot and very often. By default the mechanics are easy to understand and won’t take much effort to remember, with any complex mechanics being explained so they can be mastered easily. A much greater emphasis would be needed on spacing as all enemies deal full damage on contact and can easily overwhelm the player, although a much greater number of enemies will simply wait for the best time to attack in an effort to kill you with a barrage of projectiles, without moving at all. If the player is having difficulty they can spend gold earned each life towards upgrades to their home keep to give themselves access to new classes which the player may potentially be allowed to select on dying(if you die you play as your heir after). The player also has the option to get a permanent buff to a statistic such as health or mana for example (there are several other stats). If the player would prefer they can also purchase new pieces of armour or runes that give the player new abilities, but this requires schematics acquired from dungeon chests.In Rogue Legacy random chance is used to decide a great number of always changing variables, which is extremely prevalent as a feature of the game. Not only does the players heir get to be one of three potential candidates, all of which are randomly rolled, but the entire castle can be made to be completely different every time the player dies. Schematics are found throughout the world in chests but only a few chests actually guarantee them, instead there is a random chance that each chest can contain a schematic with a much higher chance that they contain only gold, or a single health or mana item.So far this would have given mainly a view of mechanics and player experience, but there simply isn’t much focus on the story of rogue legacy. The story is revealed to the player by way of journals of a fellow knight who is going through the same journey. As for aesthetics, while the game has no stunning visuals, bosses can be quite daunting and projectiles and threats stand out vividly against interesting backgrounds that allow a player to easily recognise what actions they should take to pass through the sections of the castle Hanson unscathed.Altogether Rogue Legacy is successful in creating a complex and expansive adventure with a surprising amount of replay value, the story although short felt immersive and believable.Now if only I could get past the first boss…"
,Recommended,241600,13154519,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ProtonsZero,"It's pretty straight forward. You do the best you can, you get the most money you can, and then you upgrade your next generation, and repeat it over and over again until you run out of heirs (never).However, the difference absolutely lays in the sense of humour and love poured into this game. It's so much it's apparent. You'll laugh to yourself (or be my guest to laugh out loud and be weird if that's your thing, idk whatever works for you mate) about some of the traits or items that reference pop culture and other games.It's definetly a must go, for ""Rogue Like"" fans, old and new. And if you think it isn't hard enough for you, give the 'Boss Remixes' a try. Alexander and Ponce will definetly drive you insane."
76561198002526684,Not Recommended,241600,15255850,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,deadmanseven,"I have problems with games that require the player to fail repeatedly to progress through the game.  In this game, that is the main mechanic that the player is faced with.  You die.  Constantly.  Over and over.  You get three new character to choose from with randomized stats (some suck, some rock), then you go back into the action.  Then you die again.  Endless cycle of pointlessness.  I'm glad this is an indie game.  If EA had made this, each death would require a micro-transaction to continue.  As an indie game, it's just frustrating and dull."
,Recommended,241600,11191210,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,lauvilu,"This game is similar to the ones in Castlevania series: platform, castles, demons, zombies, enchantments and armor (which you upgrade while you play)... But it's very different too, as you play with one character who has ""genetic flaws"" that can be benefical (or not) and when he dies (and  you will, many times) you play with his descendant. All your progress in the castle is erased, but you get stronger with every death!9/10 died too much"
,Recommended,241600,15271822,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ChapterShield,I thought beating the game with no deaths was a challenge...Then I tried the varies knight challenges and I realized that time flew by way too qucikly...10/10 Challenges OP!
,Recommended,241600,3363901,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,YMAN3000,Just one more run! Really hard and fun; reminds me of old 16 bit era games. Lots of dying; get used to it! If you want a challenge this is it.
,Recommended,241600,15262012,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Vi,Spent an entire weekend playing this.I ended up cheating.
,Recommended,241600,7445528,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,JAY-R,Hard and sometimes frustrating... but so much fun!!!
76561198002563496,Recommended,241600,15275117,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Mr. Xevoz,"This game is addictive. The replay value of it is incredible. From your character to the castle you're in, you never know what to expect with each new playthrough. If you love challenging 2D side scrollers with an RPG twist, then this is the game for you."
76561198040940902,Recommended,241600,15278152,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,bubbles,"The most satisfying, complete, ""metroidvania-rogue-like-lite-action-platformer-whatever"". Beautiful art, beautiful music.I can't reccomend this game enough. My original playthrough took 16 hours but the free update doubled that time. It's complicated enough to warrant strategy and thinking but not enough to be daunting for new players."
,Recommended,241600,10612759,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,iKorv1n,"A fun, unforgiving roguelike with a little bit of wit. The game eventually funnels itself into a mediocre pit where it's practically unplayable, at which point you have to decide when it's time to say you beat the game and just stop because it never ends and only gets harder and harder with each successful full clear. Still, I was oddly addicted to this game. I had a lot of epic wins along with a lot of cursing at the screen. The variety of classes is great and all but I eventually started playing only either the Barbarian King or Paladin because the other ones were just so weak in comparison, which sucks because they only give you a few random classes to choose for your next playthrough. Still, I think highly of Rogue Legacy.3.5 out 5 gay archmages with vertigo."
76561197970758403,Recommended,241600,15134456,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,FlyingShazbot,"Pretty good game.It's a rouge like sidescroller, you have one life per round. All items and upgrades persist through death allowing you to progress further and further with every new game. Everything is randomized right down to the class you choose to play."
,Recommended,241600,15135138,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,TheComicRelief,"Great game, plenty of content. It's a platfroming dungeon looter where you pick from a group of offspring upon your death to continue the game, although death is permanent per child, your continuing family line and leveling up your characters. Very challenging, very fun."
,Recommended,241600,15181006,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,skatcat,So my friend has also picked a copy of this up and we've been playing it togethor more. It's a great game.Pros:+Randomly generated dungeon means it's ALWAYS a new game+Unlockables!+Great combat+fast and fun+HUMORCons:-Some of the visual filters can be nausiating
,Recommended,241600,15147569,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Soarel,"Amazing roguelike/platformer hybrid with a unique art style and tight controls. Excellent replay value with random dungeons, randomized character abilities, and increasing difficulty on multiple levels of NG+."
,Recommended,241600,15300501,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,H3L-Draugr,"HOPE YOU ENJOY DYING!No, seriously, the intent is to progress via the death of your characters.  You'll gradually build your manor through a long series of heirs and their deaths, until you are powerful enough to beat each of the 4 gate bosses in the 4 territories of the castle, unlocking and eventually killing the final boss.  The gameplay is moderately slow at first, but as you progress through your manor the amount of coins you receive will greatly increase, and everything will slowly become easier.  High ratings, because this game also adds a system of generating random traits and flaws to your characters, so each one is unique from the last.  Depending on your play style, each character will help or hinder you.  This game can be hard, but even in the most enraging times I find myself coming back for more!"
,Not Recommended,241600,15287321,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Blue Eclipse,"If you, my friend, are looking for a great roguelike that keeps you playing for a long time, that switches it up and gives you a completely different run each time you die? Well then, friend, there's a game called Binding of Isaac.Let's get this straight: Rogue legacy is not a bad game, Rogue Legacy is not a game with sub-par graphics, audio, visuals, or anything! It has only one rpblem, but this problem ruined it for me.THIS GAME HAS NO REPLAY VALUEI know it sounds weird to say that a roguelike has no replay value, but it really doesn't. First off, the only really unique quality it has is that it has character traits, which have been done before. Once you beat the final boss, it just feels like there isn't much to do. There isn't enough variety in the enemies, and more importantly, the characters. All the traits do is hinder you somewhat and that's it! They don't make it feel like an entirely new character, just one with a different disability. I wouldn't recommend this game, but some people will like it."
,Recommended,241600,15288654,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Eefotje (Squid Guy),"SO many references, and awesome responsive gameplay. Too bad that you have to grond through the first hour or so. But then, the game only becomes more awesome."
76561198025146107,Recommended,241600,15307716,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Meerkatknight,"Say goodbye to friends and family you won't see them for a while after you start playing Rogue Legacy. Rivalling Binding of Isaac but with much more pleasant to look at asthetics, and with a wide array of classes to play as, with every playthrough giving them different quarks that are usually more just different and whether good or bad depends on your play style. Progression through gets easier as you level up and gain more abilities but will always still challange. As well there are countless funny eastereggs and references. I highly recomend this to any who are looking to burn through a hundred or so hours."
,Recommended,241600,1902856,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,.TE.ThoughtsOfGlought,"Highly addictive game with great music :) Also if your a streamer the game runs great while streaming (no frame drops, runs smooth even when streaming at 60 fps first pc game i have tested for streaming to run smoothly on my pc)"
76561198086188384,Recommended,241600,11481369,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,elmer,"Casual, fun, and exiting at times. I dont really know how to explain how this game is good but it is. 8/10.EDIT: WHILE THIS GAME IS VERY GOOD, IT GETS BORING QUICK, BECAUSE ITS HARD TO DO ANYTHING AFTER A WHILE. EDIT: 7/10"
,Recommended,241600,12089280,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,KapiteinPlus,spel is echt ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lauw vriend
,Recommended,241600,6561271,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Aphrodisiac,"Really fun game, i'd recommend to anyone! Had a lot of fun playing it and passing through the bosses and new stages."
76561198048133216,Recommended,241600,11210358,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,DerkDirk,An unforgiving canadian made game. How ironic
76561198034747621,Recommended,241600,12153983,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Mr. Body Massage,Platformer? Check.Roguelike? Check.Fun? Check.Depth? Half-check.
,Recommended,241600,12154991,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Edelweiss,"Very satisfying improvement feel without being able to grind your way through, you'll get Symphony of the Night vibes from the map layouts."
76561198050421861,Recommended,241600,12160749,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Blubberbutt,10/10. one of the best rogue like games ive played
,Recommended,241600,12176013,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,steliospota,"I did enjoy Rogue Legacy and do recommend it, but would like to warn Mac users about this game. It is not well optimised and often lags. It also often changes speeds and confuses you. I don't know how it runs on windows but on my MacBook Air it was obvious that this game is primarily designed for a pc and that its mac port is a little sloppy."
,Recommended,241600,12066500,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Karate_Viking,"Holy Canoli!I bought this game several months ago, and haven't been able to go a day without playing it for at least 2 hours ...It's so easy to lose yourself in amazing platformer. After the first couple of generations I thought it'd get boring, but the rogue like aspects of the game kept me coming back to see if I could play through a situation differently.Everything about this game is so perfectly executed, from gameplay to narative. And that final kill screen made me almost cry a little ...Needless to say, if you're un sure about whether this game is worth the buy, I can tell you now, it's one of the best purchases I've ever made on Steam. With all the skill trees available to you as the game progresses, you'll find yourself spending more time thinking about the next run than the current one.10/10 This game is perfect for me, and I love it!"
,Recommended,241600,12080327,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Seaweed Champion,"As a mother and a freshman, I must say this is easily one of the best Indie titltes to come out in a long while.  From the classic Metroidvania style gameplay to the awesome character and monster design, there is a lot to love.  At $15, this game provides hours and hours of inspired and challenging 2d hack-n-slashing. That is a price I am willing to pay."
,Recommended,241600,12035465,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Weizen,"ripped apart my monitor and destroyed my keyboard, 10/10"
,Recommended,241600,12039888,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Memelord,Rogue Legacy is like Castlevania meets not-Castlevania. 8/8
76561198022824803,Recommended,241600,12040764,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ScottxPilgrim,"Hardest, yet most addicting game I have ever played. 11/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,241600,12041116,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,The Prickly Comedian,"Now I'm not saying that this game teaches you that being disabled is fun. I'm also not implying that some people with disabilities or disorders have cooler disabilities than other people, as portrayed by this game. I'm also most certainly not insinuating that being normal is by far one of the most boring attributes a person can ever have ever.All I'm saying is that this a fun game that will easily waste too many hours of your time with it's simple brilliance and platformer innovativeness, especially for people who might want to look up what Munchausen Syndrome is.Warning This Game gives you Stockholmes Syndrome: As soon as it picks you up, say no. Otherwise, you will not want to leave. If you do pick it up, kiss your family good bye and expect to spend the rest of your time in platformer heaven and pixel rage, Bonnie. Pixel rage."
76561197968341564,Recommended,241600,12077567,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Zombiebrains,"If you enjoy metroidvania games, you will love this. I grew up playing Castlevania and other exploratory sidescrollers. This game copies that formula and adds roguelike elements. It feels like im playing an old school SNES game with modern mechanics.When you die, you choose a new character and upgrade any traits you have gold for. There is a lot of challenge to be had for a reasonable price. I would definitely recommend a controller for it however as the PC controls are a little skiwampus.Highly recommended.5/5"
,Recommended,241600,12060146,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Spleashmicannon,Rogue legacy VS every other dungeon crawler. Rogue legacy wins. GG
76561198133251638,Recommended,241600,11381212,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Larry_Nesko,"In spite of the fact that I'm not a huge fan of the rogue-like genre, I do like this game.  However, I am recommending it with a caveat:  The likelihood that you, too, will enjoy this game depends heavily on your tolerance for slow progress.  The core concept of this game is repeated deaths and restarts.  And, particularly in the beginning, progress can feel painfully slow.Even possessing this grindy aspect, the game does have its charms.  The gameplay and graphics are reminiscent of the old Super Mario Brothers games.  And there is an element of humor, as well.  The distinguishing traits given to your line of successors aren't always useful, but they are eclectic.If you want to know whether you should purchse Rogue Legacy, ask yourself two questions:1.  Do I enjoy rogue-likes?2.  Is my attitude casual enough to withstand slow progress?If you answer yes to both questions, give it a go, partcularly if you can get it on sale.If you answer yes to one of the two, consider picking up the game if you see it on a deep discount.If you answer no to both, odds are you should consider another game."
,Recommended,241600,11383680,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,AiliaBlue,"Bought this game on the Steam Summer Sale. This is ridiculously fun. I'm starting to get frustrated, feeling like i'm not getting anywhere between all the dying, but despite that it's SO FUN I keep playing."
76561198077791442,Recommended,241600,11401402,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,tdaniel89,"Very fun retro ghost and goblins type game. Makes you laughs at the jokes and cry at how much ""your death"" is a part of the game. Your life could last you 2 mins or it could be 40 mins. Either way your character always gets stronger making the game easier the longer you play. Overall Very Fun, But VERY ADDICTIVE."
,Recommended,241600,11441116,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Ryba,"With some slight keyboard adjustments, this game has a very intriguing level up concept (your children reap the benefits of your work). And with the average game lasting about 5 to 15 minutes, it is great for when you have little to no time at all to play as well without feeling like you achieved nothing during that time. It is a bit hard to get started but once you get the hang of things it has plenty of challenge to the game especially on replay mode and leaves you coming back for more from time to time when you just want to do something quickly to pass the time."
76561198090213891,Recommended,241600,11442243,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Garret Bobby Ferguson,"This game is probably one of my favorite adventure/challenging games.  It does look like it was made in the 90s but that doesn't matter at all, good graphics doesn't mean anything when the game is fun.The boss enemys in the game are AWESOME and challenging of course. There are four of them each one more challenging then the other.You get to upgrade a LOT of things. Your character can become ultimate basicly. Each character come with traits too, good and bad. There are also other NPCS in the game that either give you upgrades or a challenge to get something awesome.In conclusion, trust me I've gotten all of the achievements in this game and it is awesome. It is also worth the fifteen bucks.WARNING: It's VERY addicting."
,Recommended,241600,11449309,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Greenio98,Fantastic game. even though i have a small play time i plan on adding a lot more hours. Not many games have the same concept of passing on characters through generations. This game takes perma death and gives it a very fun and unique twist. sometimes you get a character with great traits and others rubbish. But thats the charm that makes this great game so good. would highly recommend to any who like the genre or just want to start playing rogue-likes even though this is a bit nicer than most rogue-likes. 5 stars
76561198140212979,Recommended,241600,11450480,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Cyann,"want a callback to the old days of rough and tough games? then this game is for you. just make sure you have a controller of some kind first, this game has great controller support. 9.25 out of 10 A"
,Recommended,241600,6686313,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,BaKaHga,Хороша игра :3
,Recommended,241600,11012915,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,F0l2saken,"I really enjoyed this game and think it is very well made.   It has that retro touch and sound to it as well.  It is a decent challenge and has enough depth to it that you can get hours of enjoyment from this game.   After you beat it, you can play it through a second time with the difficulty significantly increased.    It also has a basic RPG elements to it such as levels,  equipment, skills, etc as well.   You can find better armor and unlock it, you can upgrade various skills, and even unlock upgraded versions of playable characters or even new playable characters.I also like that if you die you have to start at the beginning of the level.   It reminds me of older Nintendo games when you didn’t have save points.   You had to play through to keep getting to the same boss until you learned how to defeat him.  If you want the experience this game is intended to have, man up and play it through without reading any guides.   Learn how to defeat those bosses on your own."
,Recommended,241600,11012926,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Buttsmecks,"The best way to describe this game is it's the love-child of metroidvania and Dark Souls. In the game you play as a Knight whose goal is to take down the demons which haunt a castle. Once the character dies you become that characters son or daughter and can have a disability/advantage and a class of your choosing ( though you only get to pick from 3 choices each time despite there being about 12 classes ). Before you enter the castle you can also upgrade and buy armor and weapons from blue prints as well as augument them with runes, however before you enter the castle you much pay Charon all of your remaining gold as a toll for entrance into the castle. You then run back into the castle and do your worst, try to gain as much gold as you can and spend it upgraded your offspring to increase their chances at taking at the demons in the castle!10/10The game is relatively difficult and I wouldn't reccomend it to people who aren't comfortable with difficult rogue-likes and find games Dark Souls or Mega Man more frusturating than fun."
,Recommended,241600,11013114,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Gandalf Going Gray,One of my favorite games to just sit down and paly for hours. Unique character attributes make every death and rebirth a fun experience. It does start to get stale on your 3rd play through but the game does continue to get harder and harder rather than allowing you to become an overly powered badass. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,241600,11013428,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,fiendish50,It's old school but feels fresh and new at the same time. The idea that death is actually a good thing is a wonderful idea. The game has lots of replayability as well since all of the dungeons are procedurally generated. A must have for fans of games like Castlevania.
,Recommended,241600,11014339,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Horus_Vengeance,A game anybody looking for a fair challenge should pick up. Incredibly fast-paced and highly addictive. The art style is unique and colourful. The soundtrack is wonderful and very appealing to the ears. Only try the extra bosses if you're feeling masochistic though ;). 10/10
76561197970590419,Recommended,241600,8680340,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Maruku,!!
76561198067810928,Recommended,241600,8682546,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,EmptyG,A great little Rogue lite platformer.
76561198064502306,Recommended,241600,8683899,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Blubbree,had amazing fun with this game it is so funny and the randomness of both the player and the levels make it endlessly entertaining i would highly recommend that you use a controller to play this game
76561198003960417,Recommended,241600,8684332,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Tenebram,"One of the most enjoyable games I've played, good humor and quite addicting. I definitely recommend it, it will last you a long time and the music is really good. It really is a gem for something that seems so simple it has a lot to offer"
76561198110264887,Recommended,241600,8685375,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dirlone,"A lot of fun.  Can at times feel overly difficult but you will be given opportunities to make your character more powerful and attempt the level again if you have unlocked that ability in the game.  In short, don't get frustrated, but learn from your mistakes and try again."
76561198055734459,Recommended,241600,8649599,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,ASL Hopeful,OMG! This game has Eaten up way to much of my time! But i mean that in a good way.
,Recommended,241600,8652823,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,hurracan,Castlevania forever!
76561198049054008,Recommended,241600,8653256,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,windwhispers,Everything you want in a metroidvania game. Fun and challenging gameplay. Catchy soundtrack.May be a bit too grindy for some.
,Recommended,241600,30500647,Posted: 13 March,all,JamsYUDoDis,5/7. Perfect Score. Would die again.
76561198024624155,Recommended,241600,16435427,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Podunk Noname,"Great mechanics, funny, really enjoyed the action and watching the generations pass. I blew lots of hours on this game and never defeated a boss, but there are folks out there who can beat it in 20 minutes. Minimal story, it's all about the gameplay."
76561198072766916,Recommended,241600,16162283,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Big Chief,The only way to not like this game is if you suck at videogames. 10/10 die like no tomorrow
76561197967098213,Recommended,241600,16474901,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Wynter,"Fantastic game with infinite replayability.  Roguelike with progressive elements, tight controls, and an interesting curve ball every time you play from the heredity features.  Lots of fun to just pick up and I've played it through 2x now and working on a 3rd."
,Not Recommended,241600,14847321,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,ohsee,Boring and way too much rng before you even begin a level.
76561198028893242,Recommended,241600,14847511,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,a theoretical half-ton of pixels,"One of my all time favorite roguelike half-breeds! A good game for those strapped on time, and those who want to spend hours on end. AAA Indie title."
,Recommended,241600,14848058,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Duke Devilyn,"1This is the greatest and funnest game ever! If you like dark souls and dying alot, you'll love this! Because this is just like a 2D version of Dark Souls"
,Recommended,241600,14767476,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Shafe Vaughn Williams,"A solid roguelike that can eat away hundreds of hours. Prepare to spend a lot of time completing this, especially with the megabosses."
76561198058602281,Recommended,241600,14806383,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Controversy,"This is a great game.  I thought the $15 bucks was a bit steep, so I kept it on my wish list until it was $3 during a sale.  Having finished the game, I can say its definitely worth $15, as I played at least 30 ish hours, and enjoyed every second.I have not been so obsessed with grabbing every single coin since Mario 1 and 3.  I could not stop myself from launching into the castle once again, after every death, bent on revenge and greater fortune.There are plenty of weird odd traits to the game to keep you laughing.  Starting out with a near sighted character and then being given glasses by a goddess statue was hilarious.10/10.  I am having to forcibly stop myself from playing another 30+ hours in a week on the new game +.  I'd say that is the mark of a great game."
,Not Recommended,241600,14870222,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,DragonDePlatino,"Rogue Legacy. A tough platforming roguelike with a pixel art aesthetic. In case you're not familiar with the game, it involves exploring an enormous castle over several generations. All the while you explore for loot, fight difficult enemies and cope with ridiculous traits like ADHD and dwarfism. But the question is...is the game worth your money?GameplayFor starters, throughout the entire experience I had trouble coming to terms with the game's controls. Your character is floaty, your attack has an awkward delay and maneuvering your way around enemies is frustrating at best because of your odd hitbox. I constantly found myself smashing into enemies and obstacles, so I often picked the sturdy barbarian and paladin so I could have runs that lasted longer than 30 seconds. And that's a shame, because one of the major selling points of this game is the sheer choice you're given with each new generation. I would've loved to play as a magic-using class, but their low HP and attack makes the game nigh-unplayable. But asides from the physics themselves, the mechanics fairly well-executed. The manor upgrade system adds a lot of customization to your playstyle and you'll get to see a lot of cool spells even if you don't play as magic-users.ArtTo be frank, Rogue Legacy is an ugly game. 7even is a very competent pixel artist, and if you browse his PixelJoint gallery you'll find some very nice art. Unfortunately, none of the effort he put into his previous work shies through in Rogue Legacy. Shading is blobby, animations are jerky and lazy gradients can be seen on some graphics. And that's not even addressing the elephant in the room here...Rogue Legacy's eagerness to recycle graphics. I sure hope you like fighting knight enemy, skeleton enemy and wizard enemy, because you'll be fighting at least a dozen different varieties of each! Oh! But sometimes, they're a different color! Or they're stretched so huge that the pixels would be a choking hazard for small children! What amazing variety!SoundIn retrospect, I actually thought the soundtrack was pretty great! There are only 4 different level themes, but each one is quite lengthy and memorable. The soundtrack smoothly blends medieval, electronic and chiptune aesthetics, and you'll probably never get tired of the songs. The game even randomly spawns jukeboxes, which let you change the area music you're currently listening to! The sound effects are also nice, and they do a good job of giving you a heads-up to enemy attacks. They've got a lot of punch to them, and there are even unique sounds for the female characters.OverallRogue Legacy is a flawed experience at best. The concept is unique, replayability is great and the sound is solid, but the game's execution is quite poor. If Cellar Door Games had focused more on controls or handled the art direction better, the game would have been nearly flawless. But the little things just add up and make the game pretty frustrating overall. If you're a hardcore fan of roguelikes or Castlevania, you might see past this game's flaws and enjoy it as a whole. But for everyone else, save your money for a better game like Spelunky."
76561198084508145,Recommended,241600,7060791,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Jephisto,So much win!!!!
,Recommended,241600,14907742,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,BenderIsGreat34,"Endless fun for a while. I sat for nearly 30 hours buying evry upgrade and completing multiple playthroughs of the game. Simply fantastic replayability, mindless yet not repetitive. Very late game, there is little to do besides tackle boss remixes, which are quite challenging in their own right.  After the purchase of all upgrades and equipment, there is little to do other than start again, unfortunately. Overall, however, this game is definitely worth your time and money.The quintessential rogue-lite."
76561198091206978,Recommended,241600,8108086,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Auby,Rogue Legacy is a game about running and hitting things with your sword. And lucky for the developers I like running and hitting things with my sword. 5 out of 5 10/10 best game. IGN
,Recommended,241600,14891811,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Theedoo,I reccomend this game because its for mlg people (thats what i think) because you have to have pixel perfect stats and ideas to get like 1 thing done! though I do reccomend having a controlly VERY HIGHLY!!!!
,Recommended,241600,15042889,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,BaconWars,"WOW!! This game is HARD! But the challenge is what makes it fun. My only real complaint is that I don't like how you have to pay the devil guy all of your gold to go back into the castle each time but I suppose that makes for the challenge of upgrading your power and health. So, meh."
76561198123462392,Recommended,241600,10077291,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Leonardo Da Pizzio,"This is a game that I can easily get addicted to. While it is a rogue game and punishments are severe at times, usual while playing these types of games, it can be very rewarding and you will have a ton of replay value into this. Being both keyboard+mouse/controller capability, it helps people get use to their own controls (even though you can't change the controls, sadly). The music is well made and the randomization of the castle adds a sense of new challenges as you never know what to really expect in the next room. The skill tree is well put together and it makes collecting gold more addicting than ever. Also, with all the classes you get to see what really fits your style and soon you will be able to beat a boss or two (if you are skilled enough). I am still playing this and while I have killed a lot and also died a lot, it doesn't seem to get old. This is definite buy for rogue/RPG players! 9/10"
76561198064335663,Recommended,241600,15037206,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Goomber,"Rogue legacy is a fantastic game with great music, randomized levels to spice up the gameplay and fun combat mechanics like different spells and variations to your characters and you inevetably die. This game is very entertaining but you have to commit to it, Because this game will kick you in the balls for the first hour or so as you attempt to get strong enought to handle some of the basic enemies and bosses. It is totally worth it and it is on sale alot so definatly pick this up if you enjoy platformers and a challenge."
,Recommended,241600,14923175,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Corvus,I'm almost begging you to play this game. It's one of the most addictive games I've ever played. Stop Reading this and get it already! What are you waiting for? Those monsters aren't gonna kill themselves you know.
,Recommended,241600,14923647,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,THIIOH,"Highly addictive, i played until i maxed it out."
76561198049282558,Recommended,241600,14946348,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,hirkaru,very fun game =))
,Recommended,241600,9107134,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,King♣Kobold,"Rouge Legacy an excellent rouge-like (Who would’ve guessed!) game with many redeeming qualities. It plays like a platformer, RPG, and hack and slash.  Here’s a free tip: Break everything. You’ll need the gold."
,Recommended,241600,9107681,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Plumbo Jumbo,I died again. And again. And again and again again and again again and again again and again. But I still love this game.8/10.
76561197994562438,Recommended,241600,9107803,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Abathor,"This game is awesome, one of the best ones I ever played."
,Recommended,241600,9109213,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,NEO Ness,"What can I say that hasn't already been said?  If you were a fan of the SNES and platformers such as Castlevania, The Adventure of Link, Mega Man, Metroid, etc then you'll love this game to death.  One of my favorite parts are the random room placements for each playthrough.  It really refreshes your enthusiasm to play every time you start a new character.This game is gold, every playthrough is challenging, and whether you live or die, push your limits, or goof off and have fun with the odd class handicaps, this game will be a blast however it's played."
76561198079412098,Recommended,241600,9110354,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,EMP,"Amazing Game, cool atmosphere. Fun to Play."
,Recommended,241600,9113323,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Sporkinyoureye,Can't recommend this game enough. Superfun combination of roguelike and stat progression. The remixed bosses are HARD though.
76561198049313439,Recommended,241600,9113877,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Prototyler,"This game is very rogue-like in gameplay. (See what i did there?) The game is very fun an has a very strong sense of the ""one more time"" mentality. If you want a game that will keep you coming back for a while, this game is for you. (Recommend a gamepad and some practice at the game to get good at it.)"
,Recommended,241600,195231,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,♡ Vanilla ♡,It's the ♥♥♥♥in' Binding of Isaac that dun gone had buttsex with a glorious platformer from yesteryear! YOU BUY IT RIGHT MEOW!
76561197973186528,Recommended,241600,9116510,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,TuSlayer,One of the few game were failing feels like succeeding... or at least to start with ggggggrrrrr
,Recommended,241600,9116967,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,mettson,Super fun rogue-like platformer. Great re-playability.
,Recommended,241600,9117664,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,FullGrownMan,Very addictive and clever solution to making the typical rogue-like-death ending an upgrade mechanic.  I have never looked forward to my character dying in a game before.
,Recommended,241600,9121553,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,JohnnyVII,"Rogue Legacy is short and sweet. It may seem grindy at first because of its difficulty but you will end up getting lost in the tight controls, it's consistently different gameplay (due to multiple classes/abilities) and its general charm. I got hooked and couldn't put it down! Highly reccomend if you are into short bursts of action packed and easy gameplay."
76561198122387445,Recommended,241600,8969917,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,otkathefox,"i love games like this, grind then die to boost your character up and unlocking armor, weapons and helpful runes but all in all one hell of a solid game."
,Recommended,241600,8971155,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Flameing Bagel,"Love this game, I have to force myself from playing it because if i didn't im pretty sure i wouldn'tbe sleeping. It has the feeling of just one more run one more run, that makes it so addictive.Pros:Fun to playEqualy challengingCons:Have to grind a little bitControls are abit hard to get used to"
76561197974653316,Recommended,241600,661643,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,MilkProduct,"At first I didn't expect much but was then pleasantly surprised by this rogue-lite. Controls are really fluid and the gameplay is pretty great. In short it is like a Metroidvania with randomly generated levels and permadeath. Stat progression is also present here.Each time you die the game rolls you three new heirs to choose from to continue your journey. They all have different names, personality traits, classes and stats and that helps you really connect with each of them. Just like in X-Com or UFO.You feel like you share the pain with your character as he or she is struck by that final blow.The game also has some really nice attention to detail be it the personality traits or the area backgrounds or what not. Also all the nods the game makes to its influences I thought were done tastefully.You also can find these rooms where the devs talks about their previous games. That I thought was also really cool. A bit similiar to La-Mulana.From what I've played I'd say this game is definitely a buy.On a final note I can see this game coming really popular on Twitch if it isn't already. Among the people who can either play or watch someone play BoI or FTL for 300 hours.Also the game was designed to be really addicting (in that Civilization one more turn type of way) so if you do buy this then that might be something to note. You might realize you've played for four hours when you just intented to play for fourty minutes."
,Recommended,241600,8972485,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,eatinass69 (rip reece brown),"This game is hard. First let me talk about the good, the new castles are always fresh and exciting and the graphics remind me of  old style games. I'm gonna nickpick a little, I find the control a little choppy, however playing it with an XBOX remote feels awesome, so I reccomend you use that, also I am aware this game is supposed to be hard, but I find it somewhat annoying that you die in three hits, I think they should atleast let you have some really good armor (at the beggining), so you can get used to the controls then some guy takes it away."
,Recommended,241600,1171965,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Flea Market Montgomery,Unforgiving fun.
76561198090688168,Recommended,241600,15936112,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,SteelDialga,"GET THIS GAME. SO MUCH FUN AND SO ADDICTING. IT FEELS SO AWESOME WHEN YOU BEAT A BOSS, ANY BOSS! GETTING MONEY FEELS SO REWARDING SINCE YOU GET TO SPEND IT ON NEW CLASSES THAT MAKE THE GAME MORE DIVERSE AND FUN THAN OTHER METRIODVANIA GAMES."
76561198127310546,Recommended,241600,15936292,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,bentsyde,"One of the most addicting games I have played in the last 10 years.  It draws you in with it's simplicity, but as you begin to actually master the game, it eats your soul. Just a warning."
,Recommended,241600,15937195,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Blood War,"This game is all about the grind, and having to play a different character each time. (You keep what you buy, it just adds to the next character)"
,Recommended,241600,15942623,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,ScrufffyJoe,Really fun game. I suck at it and am not usually a fan of this style but I've found myself sinking a lot of time into this game and loving it.
,Recommended,241600,15946002,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,EpykEnigma,"Like so many retro gamers, I've been having trouble trying to find games that properly capture the true ""metroidvania"" feeling that we know and love. Castlevania isn't the same anymore, Metroid is an afterthought and a tool and Super Smash, and all other similar games have fallen off the radar. I can't say that Rogue Legacy is the new king of the style, but it's a solid game that fills the void.= Graphics =Fluid 2-D graphics, reminiscent of SNES. Do I need to say more? No cell-shaded characters, no selective lighting, and no other random gimmicks. Some children in the game do have traits that affect visuals, such as 'retro' vision, as seen in the images above. But that's still a pretty cute thing to see once in a while.= Music =Nothing special really. It's there. It's background noise. I usually keep other stuff on in the background to get me pumped up against a boss. Castlevania of course works well here.= Gameplay=The thing that kept me hooked for roughly 20 hours (with more to come, that was only my first game) was its fluid gameplay. This isn't like early metroidvania games where you had to get a running start to make any jump, nor do you have to hit that 'perfect angle' to get onto a ledge or attack an enemy. I used a gamepad and I was making split-second movements constantly to avoid attacks and traps. It's very responsive and smooth.Gameplay gets a tad repetitive, to be honest. Sometimes you get an offspring that's doomed to fail so you know ahead of time you won't get much use out of them. The point of the game is going to each area, and there are four, all connected, with their own bosses. you beat the bosses, you open that shiny door int he beginning. It gets tiring venturing to each location just to beat the boss, as you might stumble across a difficult room when you think you have a child that could actually take on a boss...then you die. Rinse repeat. Luckily, the castle's map is randomly generated, so it's different each time.= Lasting Appeal =It'a metroidvania with randomly generated maps, tons of ways to improve your character, and each new game+ gets more difficult. If you like SNES side-scrollers, then you'l play this more than once.= Verdict =Safe to say I adored this game. It can be repetitive and frustrating with difficult bosses, but the leveling up system of looting gold and buying upgrades is oddly addictive. It's full of references and homages to classic games, but doesn't rely on them as a crutch. This is probably one of the best side-scrolling games I've played since the GBA castelvanias."
,Recommended,241600,16816830,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Leu,"This is a very fun, roguelike, platformer, where you hack your way through different parts of a randomised dungeon until you die. Then you spend your gold you earned through your run and upgrade your characters and repeat the whole thing until you are strong enough to take on one of the bosses, and ultimately the final boss of the game.Each new character is unique and has its own flaws which make each run a different challenge. The grinding is actually fun because the controls with a controller are very good and the 2D sidescrolling graphics are very nice. Clearing a room of all its enemies actually feels satisfying, especially when you start to clear rooms which a few runs ago would be way too hard.During the runs you can also find equipment and runes for your characters which make you stronger and give you additional abilities like dashing, double jump or stealing health from enemies etc.Frankly, I really recommend this game to anyone that likes hack and slash games."
,Recommended,241600,16818570,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Big Band,"This game is probably one of my favorites so far. If you're going on a long trip and you need a game to entertain you this is a perfect canidate. It runs fantasticlly on laptops and is what I play the most often if I dont have WiFi connection. Also if you can, play this game with a controller if you are used to console games with fighter controls. This is a game of pure skill, luck, and raging every time you die. 10/10 and ♥♥♥♥ THOSE STUPID DOOMVASES."
,Recommended,241600,16830971,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,GlitchEnzo,"I normally don't like ""Rogue-like"" games, but this one was tons of fun.  It was like a procedurally generated Castlevania game, which was just perfect for me."
76561198140442560,Recommended,241600,16832429,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,IAmThePonch,"A charming atmosphere, a pleasant, easily playable mix between Rogue likes and permanent progression and an insanely addictive feedback loop makes this game hard to put down. I'd say it's the best castlevania game since Order of Ecclesia if it was directed by Koji Igarashi, but it wasn't. Worth the money, especially if you aim to collect all the items and upgrades."
,Recommended,241600,362431,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Wyzeguyy,"Highly addictive, and cheap!"
76561198046828426,Recommended,241600,16834282,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Charles Barkley,"One of my favorite games of all time, endless hours of fun for the right price."
76561198044895126,Recommended,241600,16834887,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Bob.,"Très good, got all achievements after some time, it was very challenging !"
,Recommended,241600,16836864,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,silverbullitz,"Amazing game. I have a huge backlog of AAA games but cant stop playing this.  Its always ""One more run and I'll stop"" but I always keep playing for an hour longer"
,Recommended,241600,16197404,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ruinleon,a very upbeat retro 2-d combat experience designed to make you fight 4 evil gods or something. in order to find out the secrets behind the final door. books tell bits and stories of a prince stuck in the castle for years. once you enter theres no going back. Addictive and fast paced a good buy for those looking to waste a weekend or week.
,Recommended,241600,9240867,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Pitstain,This game is unforgiving and incredibly addictive. MORE COINS!
,Recommended,241600,9243529,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Schwizzle,Fantastic game.. Not as hard as what people make it out to be.
,Recommended,241600,251806,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,GrimReaper711,"Amazing game, pretty much the dark souls of platformers. It isn't ""unfair"" level of hard, but you WILL end up repeating the same sections hundreds and hundreds of times. That said, every time has elements (character, enemies, enviroments) which are randomized - so it's always interesting."
76561197974500703,Recommended,241600,657266,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Archiesque,A quick platformer hack and slash with lots of gear and upgrades that results in a solid feel of growth as you work your way deeper into the castle.
76561198032531159,Recommended,241600,9033078,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,koopy83,Fun game. Gets pretty tough.
76561198063182248,Recommended,241600,9033720,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Jack White,a fun neat game
,Recommended,241600,9034891,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Cyclopentanoperhydrophenanthrene,"I love it when your screen is upside down, controls inverted and you are color blind. Makes you glad that you yourself are normal."
76561198056026037,Recommended,241600,9035051,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Muffyndoor,"Great platformer game, is a bit addicting...(finished it 3 times already) and you can get countless hours of gameplay (even if it becomes a bit repetetive its still fun)"
,Recommended,241600,9035142,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Justin Corrigible,"If I played this game when I was younger, losing each character I had permanently would have infuriated me.  Nowadays, I can get over that fact.  It ends up forcing me to pay attention, and to learn.  No two rooms are ever really the same (unless you pay gold to lock down the setup).It's a very fun, very merciless, game to play in short bursts.  I never tire of it, and hunting for the loot remains as fresh as it can be.  Also, you never know what the next room holds.  Could be some mini-bosses, or could be that chest with lots of gold.Worth the purchase if you're into ye olde side-scrolling action platforming rogue-likes."
,Recommended,241600,7349094,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,PyrotechnicTom,"One of the best Rogue-lites I've had the pleasure of playing. The controls are near perfect. The art style is wonderful and really shines at 1080p.For being the first commercial release for the devs, I'd say they coudn't have done a better job. Fantastic game."
76561198036183501,Recommended,241600,9010626,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Carstoni,"Something you don't expect from today's gaming industry. I taste the blood sweat and tears the developers put into this game, as well as my own playing it. The best experience i've has since my super nintendo. Thank you for bringing memories back while making new one's. THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!! BUY THIS GAME!!! BUY IT!!!! DON'T BE STUPID AND DO IT NOW! BEFORE YOU DIE IN REAL LIFE!!!"
76561197968427514,Recommended,241600,9025224,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Majima Kiryu-chan Goro,"I will admit, this is the first time I ever played a roguelike game through Rogue Legacy, but I loved the game once I got used to the mechanics and the gameplay. The game ran very smoothly and with no issues on both my older laptop, and my current desktop. Plot is really light, but I feel the gameplay is always the strong point of roguelikes. It does, however, have its moment of humor to add onto the game. Overall, the game is worth getting and playing if you need something to eat up time."
,Not Recommended,241600,9026055,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Hethoran,"I'm afraid this game is not that great. It looks great, and the gameplay itself is good. however, the controls are just way too wonky to do much effectively. I tried to convince myself that I would get used to them, but I still haven't. If you have an easy time with weird controls, then this game should be fine for you."
76561198056357076,Recommended,241600,9029006,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Modern Flame^,Quality dungeon crawl. A bit of a grind but enough different direcitons to take your gold to keep it different every life.
76561198064285636,Recommended,241600,9048869,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Space!,I have lots of fun playing this and I really like the disabilities. (Cause they're funny)
76561198099376074,Recommended,241600,9049266,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Eggs,"This is ne of the only other steam games i play besides TF2 and Surgeon simulator. Its a great game, and i reccomend it to all platforming fans"
76561198019772232,Recommended,241600,9190057,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Super SpoonMan,"Difficult but rewarding game built around skill and on-the-fly strategy rather than in-game luck. Fun subtle humor, along with an absolutely intense soundtrack that never gets old. A must play!"
,Recommended,241600,9193388,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,fly me to the moon,"A Roguelike that has amazing gameplay, graphics, sound and customisation. The ammount of replayability is insane, always a good game to pick up if you only have a few minutes, or if you have hours upon hours of time."
76561198030864926,Recommended,241600,9206707,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,uty,non bad
,Not Recommended,241600,16275737,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,heykatie!,bad
,Recommended,241600,10022667,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Sherlock,"I've been playing this game for months. It's simple. It's well balanced. And it's a rogue-like, so that won me over. You start over and over again the same levels, but they are always different. Similar enough to you can say ""I'll just get a little bit farther this time"", while being different enough so you don't feel like grinding.The upgrades system is fun; you can upgrade your character, buy new equipment, equip skills, which makes it worth your while to play again. Every time, you play a slightly different character too (your ""offsprings"").Bosses are hard though. Very hard. But I'll get them. Oh yeah. I'll get them."
,Recommended,241600,10023745,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Dagonus,I just keep going back and playing more of it. Its so very addicting.
,Recommended,241600,9918958,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,niXon/off,"As far as rogue-like platformers go, this one is the best. Awesome graphic style, escalatingly difficulty and intuitive gameplay. I've played this 15 hours or so (and a lot more offline) and I'm yet to be bored. Each time you die, you start over with a new character - your old characters heir. So all the abilities and loot is saved. The levels are randomly created and the enemies are varied.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoy hard, immersive platformers.10/10 - one of my favourites, I come back to this one a lot."
,Recommended,241600,10028003,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,trn,"Bought Rogue Legacy hoping for some retro platforming combined with brutal difficulty and some rogue-like mechancis. I got these but still couldn't remain interested beyond a couple of hours. There's not enough enemy variety, some classes are blatantly better than others, some of the parts of the castle are aesthetically interesting while others are tedious and the combat just doesn't feel satisfying - I want to feel like I'm swinging a sword, not like I'm a 1980's action figure with a 'chop' action.Not really my cup of tea. Rogue-lite, sure, but no FTL. 2/5"
76561198009115016,Recommended,241600,10028940,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Sarahsauce,"It's absolutely amazing but you MUST have a controller to play this game. Very addictive, harsh, but with progress almost everytime you re-enter the castle. The bosses are tricky, and there's a bit of cute factor in this game as well. My only dislike is how the game's new game+ and ++ and ++++++++++ end up being too ridiculous to bother with."
,Recommended,241600,13864970,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SwitchedTheCoke,"This game is so much fun and so addicting, I play it to pass time on the train or during flights as it is a great way to just lose a couple of hours."
,Not Recommended,241600,13875154,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,DisgruntledBag,"I'm not really sure how to review this game, mainly because I'm not sure if I like this game or not. Leveling up my character is addictive, and I really enjoy doing it, but playing through the actual levels isn't as fun as it could be. It's hard to enjoy grinding through the same things over and over. Until you're level 50, you pretty much can only do the beginning levels because the surrounding areas are so punishingly hard that going into them is practically suicide.Even now that I AM a level 50, I still hesitate to go into the harder, later levels. I'm practically DESTROYED by these villains. The skill tree is interesting and fun to level up, though. Yet the same problem arises here that arises with villains. Going through levels is the only way to get gold, and as you progress in the skill tree each upgrade costs more and more. I'm at the point where a health upgrade costs 3K, and it's pretty hard to get to that point when you aren't allowed to save up gold from previous lives. (A guard stands in front of the castle, and you have to give him literally all your gold unless you've purchased the VERY EXPENSIVE upgrades which allows you to keep your gold and save up for an upgrade.)This game is frustrating, but I find myself repeatedly playing it and going back to it. It's oddly addictive, and frustrating, but not really fun. It's a game that doesn't concern itself with as much fun as it does with challenge. I'm not really sure how I feel about it. Buy it when it's on sale to see if you can get into a game as brutally challenging as this.Something to note: The controls for this game are terrible at default. I changed them around considerably, with the classic wasd move keys and making the attack and special keys the period and comma."
,Not Recommended,241600,15549940,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Chrisdaman417,No exit button and losing all your money at the start makes this rouge like way to grindy to keep me intrested.
,Recommended,241600,15553760,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,The Merovingian,"This is by far the most difficult game I think I've ever played. It's up there with Icaruga and Ninja Gaiden. This whole game was set up to basically show you how disappointing the rest of your time playing it will be. Don't get me wrong, I like hard games, but this one is just a little too ""randomly generated"" for me. I'll explain after I give a quick summary below of the strong points and weak points of the overall experience.Turning, at least with the keyboard, seems a little inconsistent. In Binding of Isaac when you turn left, you turn left, you are immediately looking and aiming in a direction when you hit that button. In this game, you sometimes just don't turn around and attack in the direction you want. The character control is kind of like starbound or terraria only without the smoothness. There were times I died simply because my character seemingly would NOT turn in the direction I needed to attack in. I don't have a controller so I don't know if this is just because of the keyboard or what. Either way, I don't like it.Skills and classes are pretty spot on. The way you level up and collect gold to unlock additional items and enchantments is really great and it gives you the impression you're improving your character. These skills are also not just little things you add and forget. When you get a rune that absorbs health on enemy kills the game changes in a big way. Little upgrades make the world of difference. I feel a lot of games lack this kind of experience.Gameplay. ♥♥♥♥ me in♥♥♥♥♥ If you've played Terraria, Starbound, Binding of Isaac, Legend of Zelda, FTL, or generally any game where you have one life and play through it til you die, you will realize this game takes those concepts and just takes a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥on your expectations. There is no hand holding. There is no difficulty ramping. You don't start in zone 1. You start in THE ZONE. The only level of difficulty this game has is based on luck. To put it in perspective it'd be like going to the gym to take some boxing lessons and you find that your sparring partner is Mike Tyson one day and a 8 year old girl the next. As an example: My first room. My FIRST room as in I did the tutorial and started the game. I went in and was assaulted from 6 directions. I was attacked by a zombie, a purple ball, a star that shot fireballs, a painting, and the only place to dodge had spikes. I killed one enemy and took a beating and died in the first room. My second ""life"" I entered a item room, got a spell or something, next room had a red telepad. I took it and went to a place where there were giant mages who shot huge fireballs and took 10 hits to kill. Oh by the way there were 3 of those the second I spawned in. My fourth run was basically over by the second room because there was a wall of fireball shooting things and 2 flying paintings that mauled me instantly.So if you get this game don't think you're going to have easy rooms at first with maybe one or two enemies who casually stroll towards you or throw♥♥♥♥♥♥at you. You'll enter a room and see a single skeleton, you go to kill it, and find out you're being shot at by cannon, star things, and have spike traps stabbing you in a crotch.Every single review that has the phrase ""You will die... A lot...."" Is true. You'll find youself in this situation; Get hit from 6 angles and can't dodge because spikes are on the walls. Hit enter. Enter a room with giant yellow mages who shoot 3 giant fireballs while 2 skeletons throw bones in crazy arcs through the floor below you. Hit enter. Your mother doesn't love you. Hit enter. You start taking heroin to deal with the pain of the game. Hit enter.You get the idea."
76561198110779715,Recommended,241600,15553849,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Vaerox,-kill kidr-find kidr's omen-find kidr's boss room again at lvl 52-go in-find out that it is neo kidr which is lvl 275-die horribly to first projectile10/10 would do it again
,Recommended,241600,15554664,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,The Emperor of the Sun,Too Hard... don't buy!
,Not Recommended,241600,15555120,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,BluShine,"Don't buy this game if you don't have a newer PC or gaming PC. You think ""Oh, I can run this 2D indie game. I mean, my PC works great with Spelunky, FTL, Risk Of Rain, Castle Crashers, Nidhogg, Binding Of Isaac, Hotline Miami, etc. I can even run older 3D games like Dirt 3, Gmod, TF2, Portal, etc. I can emulate PS1 games at high resoultions!""This is just a 2D pixel art game, right? Doesn't even have any lighting effects or particle effects like in Spelunky.NOPE. Have fun playing at 600x800 resoultion, 20fps, with around .2 seconds of input lag on jumping. Pretty much unplayable for a platformer game. I don't know it's even possible to have performance this bad. What went wrong?Also, the game is kinda grindy and repetitive. But maybe I'll give it another try on a better PC."
,Recommended,241600,15577454,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Mickey Mouse,worth of moneyhours of non stop playinghighly addictive
,Recommended,241600,15577551,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Jappacca,*Launch the game*Ow it's nice and looks easy3 sec later : I diedok i'll retry : Died againMore than 20 descent of my first knight diedMoney iz coolLove blind guysFus Ro DahI need trainning xDSo this game is really cool and adictive (if u like rogue like games)It's not easy and that's cool10/10 ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198045021785,Recommended,241600,9640187,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Fenrir927,"OHMYGOD this game is wicked addicting. Though if you really want to enjoy it, play with a controller. This game was crazy difficult to play on the keyboard alone. But the minute I got a controller, I ended up playing from 4pm to roughly 2am. If you love or even just enjoy the metroid-vania games, you'll love this. The humor is top notch as well. It often will just accept the fact that it's a silly game, and the classes reflect it. The barbarian king had me laughing for days with its special abilities. I give it a 9/10, and that's only because the bosses are crazy difficult no matter the level"
,Recommended,241600,9619633,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Rosenbaum,generations are the♥♥♥♥♥♥dawg. can you digit
,Recommended,241600,9620702,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Smiling Assassin,"Brilliant little game very addictive, the castle buidling feature is great and the replayability is top notch, so wishlist this game and grab it when you have the money! :)"
76561198039945874,Recommended,241600,9621419,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,shadowist34064,A must play for those who love to play Roguelike games
76561198087843941,Recommended,241600,8601463,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Soyux,"If you like games to make you struggle but at your pace...this is your game. Every heir has an unique thing that makes it special to feel you bonded with him or her  because you only have one chance to discover farther, strike faster and use his traits in your favor. Plus your map change everytime, so you don't get bored; Short answer: Rogue legacy worth..every..damn..dollar."
,Recommended,241600,9625354,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,PvM Purcy,"An interesting indie game that utilises an incredibly intriguing central game mechanic; you are part of an increasingly stupid, or honourable family. Upon death in this wonderful rogue-like RPG the game isn't over, yet far from it, instead you choose one of three children that the recently deceased adventurer produced at some undetermined point before entering Castle Hamson, which each descendant enters for some reason far beyond my understanding, despite the fact countless ancestors have perished upon entry, they continue until you achieve victory.The castle changes each time you enter, unless you employ the talents of the Architect, who 'locks' it in place, leaving the place just how your ancestors found, minus the loot and with returned monsters, so there are constantly new skeletons, flying-cloaked-fire/ice-spitting-wizard-thingys, walking suits of armour, and floating eyeballs to kill, yielding gold which you use to upgrade your manor that rests right outside the castle, (convenient, huh?) which in turn improves your chances of defeating endless foes on your way to the four minor bosses, and I'm assuming the one big boss (haven't faced it just yet). What makes the integral mechanic of this game even better is the way in which each child is different; each is one of a different class group, has different traits, like dyslexia or vertigo, and has a different spell. For instance, one of my more interesting characters was a bearded lady who was a lover of the ladies (literal lesbian description) and suffered from vertigo, and could summon fireballs (how she ever had three children in medieval times is also beyond my comprehension).The sound for the game is nothing to lose your pants over, yet serves its purpose; setting the mood wonderfully, which is in contrast with the controls, which when used effectively can see the most pathetic character succeed better than any tougher characters, and seem to be a product of great design. The graphics are quite charming, Cellar Door takes great advantage of its' resources, by creating charming effects in line with the traits characters experience.Overall I'd give the game a 9/10. Everything feels great when you get into it, yet a few minor problems with the overall vibe of the game just irk that last point from my score. Definitely buy."
76561198039886748,Recommended,241600,9401213,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Maunaloa,"I found this game to be a fun, yet challenging. I would reccomend this to anyone with a strong will so that it will be shattered while fighting."
76561197970537919,Recommended,241600,9402645,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Mauz,"Metroid-vania Rogue... where your heirs matter way more then you do! You'll die a lot, but its all in good fun... and usually funny too."
,Recommended,241600,9402799,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,AkRaZyMaNSC,"So far played enough to get through the first boss. First impressions are great of this game. It is fun grinding through play after play. Upgrading what you can when you can kind of stinks as I am now over lvl. 30 and still can only grind through the first two areas (Really the first) as the most gold I have recieved through 1 run so far was just over 3000 and that was a crazy lucky run. Wasn't even one where I beat the first boss.The traits system is cool, but I find myself getting stuck sometimes with 3 very low class heros to choose from and decide to make that generation a complete failure. LOL.I would strongly recommend this game to anyone that likes 2-D scrolling hack and slash RPG games. Or have the money for a good time waster. I find myself spending about an hour, or hour and half playing it then just setting it aside to move on to something else, or using this as a palette cleanser when League or DOTA has just frustrated me beyond belief.Get this game and add it to your library. You will not be dissapointed. JUST DO IT!!!!!"
76561198041029269,Recommended,241600,9402992,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Zant,"Since I got this game, I have been unable to unglue myself from my computer. In Rogue Legacy, you control a character, exploring a procedurally generated castle in search of riches and adventure. When your character inevitably dies, their child will come along to take their place as your next character, and this cycle continues.When you first start out, you'll find the game a bit unforgiving, especially when you see that you have to fork over all your gold from your previous character's run whenever you play as a new heir. On the other hand, once you get into the groove of the grind, there's no going back. The factor that keeps this game fun is that your new heirs (characters) come in a variety of classes with a slew of traits.For example, you can have a character that's a Mage (magic user, regains mana with every kill) but has his Health and Mana swapped. Suddenly that large mana pool turns your mage into a pretty decent tank, along the lines of a Barbarian. You might come across a character in your legacy that is afflicted with Dwarfism, rendering their swings short but allowing them to fit into tight spaces and access secret treasures.So far, I have been playing for a few days and only now plucked up the courage to face and defeat the first boss. When I finally did it, there was a feeling of great satisfaction that can only be garnered from knowing you overcame a difficult obstacle, as opposed to being handed the victory.There are all kinds of upgrades and item customizations in the game, as well as magic rune effects that add either passive traits to your character or allow you to perform certain extra skills, such as midair dashes or double jumps. Mash all these options together and you'll find yourself, as I am, formulating the ""perfect class builds"" that I would hope for when I select my next heir, such as ""Lich King"" class (adds 4 to max HP cap, increasing every kill) with the trait that gives him a crippling fear of chickens, allowing me to kill them as well to add to my HP cap, and then topping it all off with Vampirism runes and Blood Armor to allow for health siphoning while I'm killing things to boost my health cap.This game doesn't look it from the outside, but it's DEEP, and for the price, more than a bargain. GET IT!"
76561198007165986,Recommended,241600,9403962,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Sirgnum,This game has me wetter than Jacuzzi
76561198077586752,Recommended,241600,9404392,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,jermexo,Ive enjoyed it so far a for the $5 price its worth it.
,Recommended,241600,850427,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Wafflesoup,A really fun platforming Metroid/Castlevania game with rogue-like elements. Frustranginly enjoyable and great for playing in short bursts.
,Recommended,241600,7885488,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,John,It's a castlevania rouglelike.
,Recommended,241600,263462,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,RomSteady,This game is a blast.  It's a tightly balanced platformer with some unexpected depth for a randomly-generated game.
,Recommended,241600,1052414,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,BorschtBoy89,ITS GOOD BUY IT WITH A CONTROLLER
,Recommended,241600,7334588,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Pin0,"Like the name may suggest, it is indeed a roguelike. A progressional roguelike that is, something that has recently become more popular. Lots of stuff to unlock, levels and enemies come in a number of varieties, great tune and a great SNES-like artstyle.It has a lower difficulty then some of the other roguelikes you come a cross and it is mostly more forgiving by the progressional part. You buy new (permanent) upgrades with the money you made in your previous life. So it is an easier roguelike to start with, but can still offer great challenges later on."
,Recommended,241600,7847026,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,OnaZ,"I wasn't sure what to expect from this game.  What I found was a fun and challenging game that keeps you saying ""Oh, I'll just play one more time"" for hours on end."
76561198029442196,Recommended,241600,7847825,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bangzilla,Challenging but fun.  Good for short gaming sessions.
76561197993696197,Recommended,241600,7848465,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Alriik,"This game is amazing. The simple, pixelly art style works in the game's favor, the controls are tight, the risk versus rewards for exploring every room, for fighting any enemy makes every moment that you move both cerebral and reactionary, you feel progression in your characters each time you die and upgrade, the randomized children make it so you have to play the game differently each time you play, and it is addictive. A must-own for any lovers of the Metroidvania style of games."
,Recommended,241600,7849115,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Vincent Salieri,"Fun but difficult action RPG. Every time you die, you get a chance to upgrade your abilities and then play again as a descendent."
,Recommended,241600,3151712,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Zael,Great game that has a hidden (sort of) game mode.
76561198081414646,Recommended,241600,7849294,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bioquid,Pretty good hard at first but GREAT ALTOGETHER
,Recommended,241600,7849363,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,[a2m] KenCo12,"Buy this game right now!  Seriously, it's a fun hack and slasher with a few bonus features and well worth your time."
,Recommended,241600,7849368,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,[I]ndex,This game remind me infinity sword and rock man... very good and addictive game .
76561197972639815,Recommended,241600,7849774,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Star-spanning Man of the Future,"Hard as ♥♥♥♥, but definitely worth playing.  Be prepared to die."
,Recommended,241600,7851197,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,garbagebagboy,Amazingly frustrating and frustratingly amazing. I'm addicted.
,Recommended,241600,11957570,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Grandad Melon,gud
,Recommended,241600,11958421,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,(Geo) JesusHatesGeo,"If your looking for a procedorally generated platformer action RPG with many rogue-like elements, and a lot of subtle--and not-so-subtle--Castlevania and Greek mythology referances, with many quorks making for interesting gameplay, where you die a lot, you've come to the right place. If you're looking for a classic rogue-like where you traverese a dungeon a pick up many weapons and armour,  fight baddies, and die a lot, then you may want to look elsewhere, or you might just want to try it.It might not be what you're looking for if you want a rogue-like, that's my only complaint. Now if you do happen to go somewhere else, come back and get this after the need has been filled, it's an amazing game.It has a similar goal to Spelunky, but keeps more rogue-like and RPG in it than Spelunky does, and even though the goals are similar, the games are not.8/10"
,Recommended,241600,11959626,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,ShyPantelones,This game is a turd sammich from a 5 star resteraunt. 10/10
76561198061390687,Recommended,241600,11782109,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,MRDRK1,All you have to do is watch the sample video on the games store page to see all the reasons to like this game.  Challenging game with a fair amount of humor sprinkled in whenever possible.  Be wary of frustration though.
76561198050625062,Recommended,241600,12020020,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Grimemerald,"Too much fun. Just a solid game that also happens to have an awesome difficulty curve,"
,Recommended,241600,12003108,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Daxaar,"One of the most addictive and enjoyable games I've played in years.  It absolutely epitomizes ""just one more go""."
76561197998952406,Recommended,241600,12768574,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[UN]iowcatalyst,"The best game I have played this year, I have played about 40 hours of this so far having completed it once, really is addictive and has excellent music"
,Recommended,241600,12770461,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,a_melomaniac,Rogue Legacy has an interesting take on death. You basically come back as an ancestor of your previous character. Each new character has some random stats and abilities that makes the replay value pretty high. The game can be quite difficult and sometimes the generated characters feel like they were given the worst possible traits making it a little unfair. Overall still a great game though.
76561198004437182,Recommended,241600,12906886,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mewtiger,"2-D Action-Platformer with a lot of heart.Watching my victorious balding giant lesbian march back to her family made me crack a warm smile.Honorable mention to the OST - Tettix and A Shell in the Pit - for getting some of the themes spot-on. Tower in particular makes me think of Castlevania every time, and Rogue Legacy lent good gravity to the final fight."
,Recommended,241600,12908033,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dr Soda,Loved this game.
,Recommended,241600,12908645,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,★Maarkiin,its hard but fun i think the xbox controls are easyer.
,Recommended,241600,12909200,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Rangiku LitNetwork,"so this game is adictive, in s good way it has everything good and more but its not worth getting when its not on sale since it's on 80% off alot addit to your wishlist get it on saleandyou will be good for another 100hours at least."
,Recommended,241600,12909339,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Optimus Prime,"It's like Castlevania and Ghosts n' Goblins had a baby that had their grand-baby, then had their great grand-baby and their great great...I'm in love with this game.  It's like jumping into a DeLorean, hitting 88mph and going back to a time when saving your game was almost unheard of (don't panic, it does save your progress).  To a time where you run out of lives and would have to play the freakin' thing right from the beginning all over again...except it's not.  It's like a nostalgia trip with something fresh and new tacked onto it.Rogue Legacy is a hardcore, platform game with RPG elements and a wonderful concept.  Grind that procedurally generated dungeon to the best of your abilities, experience a state of permanent death for that character and leave an inherited legacy for your offspring.  Doing so will allow the next generation to benefit from upgrades that increase their chances of succeeding at this game.Not only do you continue leaving a legacy for the next generation of dungeon crawlers, they may have interesting afflictions or character traits that can impact your play in negative (or challenging?), postive, aesthetic or pointlessl(asides from the humour factor) ways.    Dwarfism, giants, irritable bowels, OCD, ADHD, glaucoma, vertigo, nostalgia, eidetic memory...just to name a few traits amongst a heaping big spoonful of them.  Any of which can be potentially passed on to the next gen.Rogue Legacy is certainly NOT for the faint hearted or those with short tempers.   This game is harder than Ron Jeremy on a metric poop-tonne of viagra.  I'm talking severely devious surprises that will wreck you when your game is going well, entering a room too fast and falling down a spike pit with a bunch of enemies smacking you on the way.  Walking into a room with an unexpectedly ludicrous amount of enemies firing volleys of projectiles in every which way...  And just when you think you've got the knack for handling this bout of baddies, you're confronted with severely upgraded and new versions of those enemies and less predictable behaviour.There is little to no way of being able to conquer this game through trial and error muscle memory.  As mentioned above, the game is procedurally generated, meaning that you're never going to play the same game twice.If/when you defeat a boss, however, that enemy will stay dead for future gens (thankfully).As hardcore as this game actually is, there is definitely some measure of appeal to be had by the casual market.  The game plays in the same fashion as old-school 8 and 16 bit pixel platformers.  The concept and controls of the game are nice and accessible.  There's a great deal of nerdy humour, obscure pop-culture references and Easter eggs in the game (I think I might have seen a silhouette of Santa Clause and his reindeer outside of the castle).   I would recommend that casual gamers pick this one up at a good sale price, though  (like the 3 bucks at the time of this review).It is a very grindy game at times, there are moments when it can begin to feel repetitive or even a bit frustrating.The pros*Unique concept*Great replay value*Very nice pixel graphics and sound*Great humour*Challenging*Controller support (which I'd highly recommend when playing)The cons*Can become very grindy and frustrating after a point*The difficulty bar may be too high for most9/10 - Would die repeatedly again."
76561198114339588,Recommended,241600,12909608,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Crip,"Alexander the IV. Most damn hard boss I've ever fought.Beat that Sephiroth dude in KH2.Beat O&S in a SL1 run in Dark Souls.But this guy... this guy.. I would NOT fight him again. I think I fainted after I beat him.That said, the game is incredibly fun. Do buy it."
76561198054881421,Recommended,241600,12910337,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,librarus,It is like SuperHexagon! With Lineage.
,Recommended,241600,12911029,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,UltimateHellFireWaveMotionCannon,"Damn! Died again. ... and again .... and again.This game is delightfully refreshing. I bought it on sale and started to play it with my brother in-law and we couldn't stop playing. This game is not easy and glad it isn't. Although not easy, It's quite rewarding, especially when collecting money knowing that more money means more success to the next of kin. Overall great game, music, and vibrant art. I would highly recommend it to friends and family."
76561198051425125,Recommended,241600,9413276,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sckolar,"If Super Mario Brother & Dark Souls were to have a baby, this would be it!Expect to die over and over again. Every time you die, your character is permanently dead, but fear not! You will then play as your character's son/daughter, and so on an so forth. Every time you die, you become the heir to enter the castle, and fight horrible monsters. After you die, you get to select one of three characters to play as the heir, each with their own traits and abilities! For example, one character may be color blind,, causing the dungeon to be funky colors! One character may not be able to ""Raed things"" as a result, you can't read text! ALL mages have beards (Even the women) This aspect of the game makes it funny, and unique.Rogue Legacy is the type of game where if you die, it is actually rewarding depending on how well you did before the death. The more gold you get, the more gear, and powers the next heir will have! You can enchant your gear, have the forge master create new gear. On top of that, each character has their own magic attack or special attack. Some can throw knives, or axes. Some mages can cast fire balls all around them.Each time you die the dungeons change, and the path is random every time. HEALTH IS PRECIOUS. Losing health is bad, simply because finding food or alters to replenish it is rare. To add salt to injury, you do not have much health, especially in the beginning, and your health is something you will want to work on.I have played this game for roughly 7 hours, and I still have yet to come close to beating the game. I think there are 4-5 bosses (not sure though) And I have only beaten one of them. You will get an entertaining, and long experience from this game, and even after playing for 7 hours, the gam can still surprise you! Very fun game!IF you buy the game, here are some tips:-Use mana if it means saving your health. It is pointless to die with a full bar of mana. You want to sacrifice your mana before your health.-Do not underestimate the game, but also to not overestimate it. Often times, when you enter a room, you will find yourself put in the spot, and you have to move quickly to avoid getting hit by enemies."
76561198029396566,Recommended,241600,9413322,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Jormungandrobot,"I died about 30 times before I got good enough to make it through the regular castle and into the forest area. Pro-tip: Get a controller to plug in. It makes it crazy easier. This game is ridiculously hard, but tons of fun."
,Recommended,241600,9413730,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,jin0869,Seemed a bit laggy on my crappy comp
76561197972325372,Recommended,241600,9414436,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,"System_,","Un bon vieux d'arcade en 2D qui demande du skill, de la chance et beaucoup de patience ! Recommencer du début ne vous fera pas peur, car cela vous rendra plus fort !"
76561198081776364,Recommended,241600,9416467,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,MeatyBor,"Really enjoyable, the different traits and classes and the utter randomization of the castle allows a lot of replayability. If you like the Castlevania series this is for you. My only criticism is that I wish the controls were a little bit tighter, there have been incidents when I've died because movement is a little on clunkier side, but really death is all a part of this game."
76561198023636815,Recommended,241600,3490841,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Bandit Hadron,"Did your first time make you feel like quitting? If it did, keep going! The drive to improve is the drive that makes you keep playing this game - dodging enemies, killing them with your sword and magical attacks, everything; it all enhanced the experience. Expect to die, and die a lot, though - this game is HARD. Overall, everyone should try this game at least once."
,Recommended,241600,9345290,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,MedicBear,"Very fun to play, hours of gameplay and entertaining disorders.How many games do you know where your character can be dsylexic, or walk upside-down without the use of magic?!Only problem I have is that to get ANYWHERE you have to have a lucky run, which is sometimes frustrating.Well worth a buy."
,Recommended,241600,9348760,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,pyro226,"This game is great.  I've played through it twice.  It does get a bit repetitive though due to limited enemies and rooms configurations.  Watching the trailer makes me want to play through it again.  The music is great, the characters are great.Overall, this game gets easier as you go along.  Permanent stat increases allows even casual gamers to beat it if they play long enough.  The recent expansion in December added 4 additional boss challenges.  Don't expect to beat them unless you're in the top 10% of platform gamers.  After beating the game, you can play thorugh additional times with more difficult enemies.  The first two higher difficult runs are fun, but after that, I'd be equipping runes to make the enemies easier which sort of defeats the point of elevated difficulty."
,Recommended,241600,8640780,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,The Flying Ham,I can just feel the rage eminating from this game
,Recommended,241600,9313855,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,FACE,"Hard, fun, silly, gamepad - try it."
76561198052026653,Recommended,241600,9314521,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Brian/Eric,if you like rogue like games definitly get this one.
,Recommended,241600,9277574,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,SpotZup,"Great game, the usual dose of addictive stuff (upgrades, incremental difficulty/progression). Brings an old school roguelike gamestyle back to the modern, indie scene. Tends to become repetitive after 10h+, and the problem with plenty of upgrades is that you'd want always moar. Worth the prize though. Oh and expect to die A LOT at the beginning (well even after that actually), but you keep strengthening yourself from being able to jump to.. Well, some funny things."
76561197963761229,Recommended,241600,161976,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Aryylas,By far one of the most fun games I have played in a long time. You can get lost for hours without thinking twice.
,Recommended,241600,9282712,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,matthewvelie,Definitely a fun game with lots of replayability.  Would be nice it if had steamsync though.
,Recommended,241600,9568510,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,mephistus,"If Castlevania and Super Ghouls and Ghosts had an adorably dangerous schizophrenic baby, it would be Rogue Legacy."
76561198115077680,Recommended,241600,9568666,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Tamano,"Dude, beat random things with a big sword, what more is there to life? ""Crush your enemies!"" Conan."
,Recommended,241600,9570848,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Idiocynical,"My personal game of the year for 2013, this is a wonderful indie rouge-lite with charming pixel graphics, a good sense of humour and adorably cathartic gameplay. Buy it."
76561198025970869,Recommended,241600,9571247,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,dsap,"This game is good game. I really want to beat this game but the last boss is just a huge tosser and I don't want to bang my head against the wall. The walls in my room are super thin and I don't want to break them with my large cranium. Seriously I am one of those guys who has to buy like, size 3x hats. So I save up my headbutts for special occasions, mostly demolition work on the weekends. Don't get this game if you don't have a controller."
76561198126428194,Recommended,241600,9576196,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Greenninjax2 <3,"rogue legacy is a fun, stratigic game where death does not keep you dead"
,Recommended,241600,9577926,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,BerserkerMushroom,probably the best rogue-like game out there.
,Recommended,241600,9578739,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Razoredge198,Addictive.. Did you know that addicting isn't a word? Fun fact.
76561198095649355,Recommended,241600,9580197,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Mr. Badass,"A very fun game, with a lot of replayability. The more you play, the more fun it gets."
,Recommended,241600,5144549,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,ßuЯgåh,MY SONS AND DAUGHTERS ARE MOSTLY GAY
,Recommended,241600,1239462,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,SmegInThePants,"Addictive, better than its old school graphics suggest it would be.  Not a roguelike, but a lot of tributes to roguelikes exist in the game, and the difficulty is right up there.  Best w/a controller (IMO)."
76561198011710328,Recommended,241600,9588436,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,ChenSquare,"The harder the funner. It's a little tough for me. But, I had to say i like the classic old-school action game."
76561198064237812,Recommended,241600,9590373,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,draithLord,"I thought I knew what to expect after reading the description and watching the trailer. The first impression it made on me was that it would be a fun and quick little way to kill some time. I figured it would be a casual game. Boy was I wrong.Pros:This game offers just enough challenge to keep me hitting the proverbial try again button while saying 'I know I can do better'. The random level generation works! So far I have never felt like I was just replaying the same thing (unless I wanted to ;)  ).Key mapping is also a great feature. I like being able to customize what keys control what movements.I really like having the ability to re-enter the exact same castle layout. It is really handy for if I died too quickly, or I came across a spot that my current character couldn't enter. In fact, it's actually nice to see that the physical and personality quirks that each character has, not only adds some neat little dynamic to the next playthrough, but also can have a genuine use. While it's fun to run around as a gigantic barbarian, smashing all in my way repeatedly with my sword, sometimes, to access little hidden areas, I need to be the tiniest of men, or women, and I love that!Another thing I like IS just the variety of character options! With so many classes, it's fun to play around with the various randomly generated character options. Even though they aren't given to you at the beginning, I feel it's actually better that way. I liked working to earn the coin to unlock them. However, I will admit that it was almost painful sometimes, when chosing what to unlock.I really enjoy reading the journal entries and I can't wait to find out more of the back story. While it is agonizing to have to hand so much coin over to Charon at times, I understand the necessity. I think that the game did a great job explaining why it is present. An unlockable that you can get later on  is really nice though and I admit I don't feel bad about haggling with Charon to keep some of my hard earned gold. (Honestly, best job in this game is Charon's XD )The sound track is phenominal. In fact, I have actually started the game and just left it running so I could listen.I'm a really big fan of pixel art and I have to say Rogue Legacy did a beautiful job with it. The characters and environments are nicely detailed and look fantastic.Cons:I was led to believe that, while I could pick a new character from a selection of three options, I could also go back and pick one of my previous characters. I don't know, maybe I missed something, but I honestly thought I could go back and pick a character I had already played as. I understand why this is not an actual feature though, because it could be abused and defeat the purpose of playing as the ""child"" of your now dead character. Still though, it was a little disappointing when I went back to play as Sir Taco II, only to find I couldn't.Some of the descriptions on items that you can unlock, are either unclear, or too vague. I have used the gold I earned to purchase power ups that ended up not doing what I thought they would. For example, I was led to believe that through purchasing a certain power-up, I would be able to fly (aka pressing the action button would allow me to ""fly"" upwards), if for a very limited amount of time. In truth, what I did was stay in place in the air for several seconds (which didn't help me when I was falling after attempting to make too large a jump, thinking that I would be able ""flap my wings"" to reach it).While most of the upgrades and power-ups boost general stats, some of them unlock other branches, which may contain playable classes. The problem is, sometimes the branch unlocked doesn't make any sense compared to what unlocked it. Unfortunately, I found myself having to put coins into things I didn't necessarily want, just so I could unlock a new branch and hopefully find a new playable class, or something else useful (which means I would have to just keep throwing myself at castle after castle for more gold, that I could spend on the new thing). Considering how difficult it can be to accumulate large sums of money, I didn't really like having to spend it on something I didn't feel a need for.I think that while the enemies' increase in difficulty as you level up, works, the steep rise in how much it cost to unlock things seems kind of unfair. Especially compared to each coins individual worth. Sometimes I feel less like an adventuring hero out for glory and vengeance, and more like a peasant struggling to pay the resident lord.Even though it may seem like I have a lot more negative criticism for the game, I truly do love it. This game can, through great will power (rarely frustration) on my part, be a casual quick time killer. However, I find myself coming back to it again and again because I keep telling myself 'I can make it this time', or I'm enticed by the promise of a new layout.Needless to say my death count, or rather ""portrait count"" is quite extensive.I whole heartedly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a nice pixel-visual and musical accompanyment; and has the patience to die a thousand deaths."
,Recommended,241600,9594895,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,4lteredBeast,"This game has me hooked and I can't seem to enjoy any other game at the moment. I can't stop thinking about getting my next unlock. All of the different classes have their own advantages and some of the traits are very helpful/hilarious. Seriously, IBS cracks me up every time.The game is ridiculously hard on some plays, the ability to buy ""the architect"" who locks the castle to the previous run (for a fee!) is a great idea and lets you pick a child with perks that allow you to reach that chest that was impossible to reach with the last character.I highly recommend this rogue-like, I am very surprised at the amount of time I have enjoyed playing this game for the amount of money I put down to buy it."
76561197993236460,Recommended,241600,9597464,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Food and such,"A great update to classic sidescrollers. The classic: hard as hell (I died 200+ times), fun combat, crazy bosses - the new: roguelike, tons of items and upgrades, many playthroughs. I honestly don't even think I have the energy to try and go through and beat it over and over on harder difficulties...it's just so freaking HARD! If I was a kid again I'd probably be obsessed, but I just don't have the time! Still, even the first play through is great and will drive you stark raving mad only to shout YESSSSSSSSS when finally defeating the harder parts."
76561198129015373,Recommended,241600,9598013,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Gestalt Zwei,Just the right amount of challenge. The looming threat of losing your money with each entry to the castle forces you to get better at the game just to afford the next upgrade. Love it.
76561198077858912,Recommended,241600,8051045,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,common xyz,A very unigue game that has you play the role of a family of knights trying to conquer a castle. The game is really addicting with a castlevania-esque feel that i highly enjoy.
,Recommended,241600,8060080,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Argh,"Clever, fun, addictive."
,Recommended,241600,8060192,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Rosebrock,"Rogue Legacy is currently my favorite Steam game. It has replayability, scaling enemies, randomly generated maps and plenty of silly quirks. The traits assigned to your characters range from silly to debilitating as well."
76561197998159333,Recommended,241600,1799862,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Raveneer,"Do you like the Binding of Isaac? Do you like Castlevania: Symphony of the Night? Do you like games where you invade a castle and go from Point A to Point B while smashing and smiting everything in your way?If you said yes to any of that, Rogue Legacy might be right up your alley. You quest through a castle, get loot to pass onto your children, and then when you die (and you will), it is up to your heirs to pick up your sword and venture forth into the haunted castle once more. And the kids... they're special >.> some might be colorblind, others might have a fear of chickens, and some might be a Lich King. Half the fun is seeing what crazy heroes you'll get to play as for the next run.The way your stats and gear carry onto your descendents always makes you feel like you're making progress even though you perished. You might find yourself going, ""Noooooo!"" but in seconds you'll be looking at your manor to see what upgrades you can purchase and then running back to the castle for more action. And there's just something about the way your character runs, always forward with sword held high, that's just infectious and makes you want to kick some tail.This is one of the best games I've played all year. I can't praise it enough for its shear 2D awesomeness."
,Recommended,241600,8061590,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,eskeddit,hold the phoneyou can have a fear of chickens in this game?10/10
76561198025363220,Recommended,241600,8063349,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,The Geek Corner,"Rogue Legacy is a game that is equal parts frustrating and joyful.  You will die a lot in the early game, often without getting too far into the level.  However, this makes the feeling of defeating one of the bosses that much greater.  If you are a fan of platforming games, you will love this game.  With a robust amount of customization (even if it is randomized), each go around ends up being a completely unique experience."
,Recommended,241600,8064250,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,"gozieson,what is vektorz?!",This game so hard...10/10 would still play anyway C:
,Recommended,241600,8037358,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,kSquirtle,"I find myself playing this game far too often, its addicting. I've barely gotten much done yet I've already logged a decent amount of time. The controls are simple and easy. Expanding the way you play by the family tree for inherting traits is simply genius. If you have not bought this game, do it! Its well worth it! 10/10 would buy 500 times."
,Recommended,241600,8037759,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Lulu-cide,"Dam fun beat-em-up grind-a-thon hybrid.  Grinding never feels bad thanks to randomization.Although if you spec your upgrades inefficiently, or NG+ too soon, you may get trapped in difficulties that your stats can't perform in.Achievments were fun and straightforward,  collecting all the armor was a bit frustrating at times, but i still had fun pushing a character to lvl 350+ just because of spare cash.Great deal if you can find it on sale!"
,Recommended,241600,8041192,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,DaTruth29,"Rogue Legacy has all the trappings of a great rogue like. A scaling difficulty, random dungeon generation, rpg mechanics, etc. However, it finds a way of separating itself by removing in rogue likes that result in your immediate death. Similar to games like Mario, or Dark Souls, when you die in Rogue Legacy, it's almost entirely your fault. I never felt that I've been cheated by the game. Each death came fairly. The better you get, the easier the game becomes. This is where the true joy of Rogue Legacy is found.Ultimately, while the random dungeons can make the game less predictable, I couldn't help but feel my self getting tired of the level layouts and grind after while. It was a game that I would stop playing for a day or 2, come back and immediately start having fun again. That is, until the repitition forced me to stop playing. But I still kept on coming back. I'm not taking it out of my steam installs, as I can see myself going back every so often for a quick fix.I highly recommend Rogue Legacy, espeically if you're a lover of hard games."
76561198028025315,Recommended,241600,8043610,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,crazed99,"Gamers listen up if you are in to the old stle castlevania games this is definitely worth a try, each play through feels different with each leacy's traits, abilities and class. The dungeons change each play through means that your bound to encounter new awesome loot, but also dangerous enemies and traps. Stop reading and buy now!!!!"
76561198101799498,Recommended,241600,8044081,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Maniacal Laugh,Fantasic game if your a noob at platform game slike me then this game will prove quite the challange and you will die a lot/ but totally worth putting the time in. Upgrade/skill tree awesome as well altho gets waaay expensive as the game progresses.
,Recommended,241600,8044132,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,yumitsui,Great game with lots of replayability. The upgrade system in the game makes it more rewarding to keep playing and you can feel your character getting stronger every new play through. 9/10.
76561198002877455,Recommended,241600,10596063,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ogre123,Bite size castlevania RPG-like game with random dungeons.
76561198043632625,Recommended,241600,10597297,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,♠♠♠Zermox [Japan]♠♠♠,"ABSOLUTELY. If you are even MILDLY considering buying this, then you absolutely should. The game may seem slightly farmy at some points, but I find it to be quite the opposite as every run I do seems like more and more of a challenge, facing new areas with much harder monsters. I'd say it is quite easy to determine whether or not you would like this game, as it is a great game and the only people who won't/don't like it, well, this game simply isn't their cup of tea."
,Recommended,241600,10598541,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Gdog120,8/8 game would recommened
76561197992168406,Not Recommended,241600,10489376,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Blobulicious,"This game is not for the casual gamer.  It requires a lot of fast-movement skill.  There are no difficulty settings, and progression quickly grinds to a halt if you're not able to clear large amounts of the castle with each run.The play is great, and interesting, but I'm disappointed that I won't see most of the what the developers built because it is inaccessible."
76561198127445677,Recommended,241600,10494987,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,die,best game ever 10/10 gr8 dungeond crawler/platformer buy it now
,Recommended,241600,10495459,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Funboy,"Good game, very addictive"
,Recommended,241600,5071615,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,pingveee,"Десять из десяти, о Господи, десять из десяти!"
,Recommended,241600,10426773,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Crisp Yolanda,"""dis game is da delicious one. you die? no problemo you stupid shito your childreno will do the work for you. dis gam is the reason why asian peepol have so many children. 14 buckets of kfc/2 bowls of rice. roger that""-mark ""the magic♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; twainP.S. shakespeare if you're reading this read my text you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥lone peace out me hombre"
76561198046290206,Recommended,241600,10429819,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Dead Man Maven,"Take one parts Metroid-Vania, one parts Dark Souls, Mix them up in a 2D environment with patience and reaction time being the true focus of the game, and you get this Gem."
,Recommended,241600,10439775,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,GoshImTrippin,SOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOODDD
76561197971863175,Recommended,241600,10439873,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,salami_tsunami,"Murder generations of your own family for measly amounts of coin. Stab things, and sometimes magic them to death, if you're lucky, while listening to brilliant music. five facepalms out of five"
,Recommended,241600,10440072,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,harrisonkhall,"Excellent design, infectious art style, and responsive controls.  Great game, with a lot of personality and humor."
,Recommended,241600,10903129,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Hayw1r3d,"A gem.  Must have this game, its great."
,Recommended,241600,10903946,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,liquidtension92,This game is an absolute gem. Highly recommended. Very satisfying sense of progression. Only problem with the game is the sometimes slow framerate.
,Recommended,241600,10904157,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TSDAdam,"I've not been playing it that long, but by god is this thing addictive. Fans of platfomers and collect-everything games will love it, it's very satisfying upgrading your estate with the money you find in-game. The GENIUS 'one more go' step was to not let you spend the money until ylou start your next game.Awesome, buy it."
76561197970589033,Recommended,241600,10904828,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Killedmilhouse,"Can't recomend enough. Varied quick paced gameplay and a death mechanic that rewards with the excitement of the next character roll, rather than the punishment of death. Must play!"
,Recommended,241600,10906807,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,xanarkio,A great game that enjoyed playing but the step up in difficulty curve means that you will have commit a lot time to farming gold to get the manor upgrades and better gear.
76561198068544516,Recommended,241600,10906953,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cyhawk42,Fun Game!
,Recommended,241600,10908027,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,darthfrylock,Fast and fun action. 10/10
,Recommended,241600,10889602,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kodiak,Fun platformer with an awesome twist! It's hard to get bored with this game.
76561198049254640,Recommended,241600,10889643,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Borda,Really addictive
,Recommended,241600,10890103,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Wit,Rogue Legacy is a unique and amazing game. It takes your character and gives him or her a dose of reality! Not every hero is perfect and this game takes that and makes the game fun with several health defects which can benefit you or make the game even more challenging everytime you go into the changing castle!
76561198014832854,Recommended,241600,10890394,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,stjoehawk,"A really interesting twist on the usual rogue game as every re-birth of your character involves a new set of traits. Some are good, some are... not as good, but they always make for an interesting run."
76561198050563616,Recommended,241600,10890876,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Outlander Magus,"I grabbed this game on a whim when it was on sale and man was i surprised. It's Super Metroid/ Castlevania SoTN style gameplay is well executed and the constant variations of your charactor make for a constantly changing run each time you enter the castle. The most fun i've had so far is with the remix bosses, crazy powered up versions of the normal bosses that will have you on the edge of your seat as you try to avoid the insane storm of crap flying at you. Really not sure what else to say, if you enjoy the metroidvania style games and at times dark souls levels of frustration from a boss i would def. grab this game."
76561198085645677,Recommended,241600,10891058,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,nasiru,Very addicting.
76561198065816298,Recommended,241600,16519408,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Χριστόφορος,great game in your free time
,Not Recommended,241600,16520194,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Nikanoru,"This game is super amazingly fun, except when you're really trying to buy upgrades for your castle and you come to the realization that it's purely based on luck or downing bosses.  If you could keep the damned gold (and not the pitiful amount you can keep with the castle upgrade) between runs it would at least be a matter of just running it over and over, but you go so many runs completely unlucky that it just feels like you're wasting time.Great game, but ultimately I cannot recommend it due to the reaper mechanic causing the vast majority of your runs to feel absolutely pointless."
76561197972839117,Recommended,241600,16502389,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Furious_Spoon,Really fun and difficult game!
76561198101337724,Recommended,241600,8258346,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,chungs,It's awesome
76561198063461205,Recommended,241600,8258440,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Chef_Bloyardee,Probably my favorite game this year.  Drop everything and play it.
,Recommended,241600,8258781,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Macho Mango,"An amazing and very unique game. Utterly addictive, a must play!"
76561198004528536,Recommended,241600,8259931,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Vorpid,"So awesome, reminds me of castle vania son and castle crashers combined."
,Recommended,241600,146441,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Darknuke,This game is crack. Good lord. Buy it!
,Recommended,241600,8260992,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Watermelon,Tunnel Snakes Rule
,Recommended,241600,8261017,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,The Pastabini,"Loving it so far.  Definitely can see me sinking 100+ hours into it easily.  Reminds me of the Binding of Isaac in terms of replayability, and then almost like a metroidvania-esque style of gameplay."
,Recommended,241600,8261643,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,JiveBuddha,"A traitor has struck your king, and the only cure for his ailments lies deep within the depths of an ever-changing, ominous castle. There were many before you, and there will be many after you. Kings, knights, assassins, miners, and even shinobi may be bred in your wake, though only one thing is certain: your legacy will further empower your bloodline see justice be done. Avenge your ancestors, and pave the way for your descendants - this is your only, inevitable mission that you will likely die trying to acomplish. Good luck."
,Recommended,241600,8261713,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dream Dood,Yee ♥♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥is so disease
76561198038930975,Recommended,241600,8262557,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Wes,"Good little game.  Prepare to die A LOT.  ""Just 5 more minutes"" type of game."
76561198025212431,Recommended,241600,8262970,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Awesome Jones,"There should be more 8-bit rogue games out there. It really appeals to the early-90s gamer where you'd just keep persisting at an impossibly annoying level in a game, hours on end, with the craziest determination. This game is awesome."
,Recommended,241600,8262979,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Miex0r,an amazing dungeon crawler
,Recommended,241600,4410251,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Pretzel,"I love this freaking game. For only 15 dollars, and downwards of 10 on sale it is 100% worth picking up if single player games are your thing."
76561198052243005,Recommended,241600,8263894,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Metalduck Shiki,A moderately challenging platformer with a sense of humor. What's not to like?
,Recommended,241600,8263911,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,vampyrik,"Greets,So after 2 hours of play so far today, my review is quite favorable. Here are a few take-aways that i have noticed, in particular to my mutliple deaths.Progression - There are some runs that I go on where I don't get enough gold or any unlocks to have made that particular heir's life worthwhile to expanding on future heirs. This is somewhat similar in real-life and it gives me a chuckle at time. Frustrating, of course, but it's how things work sometimes. I have not run into some of the issues yet that other players have as far as upgrades costing way more than they can get in multiple runs, so my opinion on this may change. However, since I've been progressing, I can generally get further and further each time.Game play - Challenging! Some rooms are just damn near impossible to clear without cat-like reflexes and a good portion of luck to ensure you don't take a hit or two. I find myself back-tracking quite often if I run into something I'm just not willing to sacrifice the HP for to look for another route. The controls work nicely, and i've noticed no issues there (using a gamepad). The ""traits"" that each heir can also have add a different playstyle/take on almost every run. Adds to the challenge, and the entertainment value.Graphics/Sound - Graphics are a typical 2D retro feel that are quite common with a great deal of the independent games hitting the market lately. Sound is also quiet on par with what you would assume from this type of game. One thing in particular that I am quite happy with is the icons that track the off-screen attacks coming your way. Nothing used to suck worse than jumping to a platform only to get hit in the face with something that was rocketing at you from off-screen.Overall, I'm thoroughly enjoying this game and intend to sink many more hours into it."
,Recommended,241600,8264768,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,TheManRaptor,Most fun ive had since shooting a rocket launcher.
76561198111377024,Recommended,241600,8265007,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ashenbane,This has got to be the best indie game in the market
