user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,241760,23638865,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"Here is a real review made by a real person who actually played the game, because there aren't many of these on this store page:This game is not bad.  This game is competent.  The controls are solid, the gameplay is challenging and, honestly, fairly good.  However, it is very basic, very repetitive, and very dependent on having people to play with.As of right now, there is nobody to play with (you'll need to rope in at least one friend) and the price does not reflect the value of the game.Pick this one up for 5 bucks or less, and then buy some gift copies for your friends so that you actually have someone to play with.  You'll have a couple of fun hours with it before you get bored.  That's the only way I could recommend this one."
,Recommended,241760,22490413,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,TeeKay,"After 45 hours in this game I feel I've played enough to write an honest review.This game is mediocre in most respects, but does one thing very, very well. The combat is extremely well designed. It's fast paced, but also greatly rewards stategic play, quick thinking, and using your environment to your advantage. It's fun, but also takes a great amount of skill. The enemies are challenging, but their attacks are almost always avoidable (with only a few rare exceptions). The difficulty comes from the enemies having interesting and challenging mechanics, not by simply giving them lots of health and damage. Both the player and the enemies die in only a few hits, making the combat about very careful positioning, timing, dodging and strategy, rather than it being about DPS, armor, gear or any stats. In Kill to Collect, when you die, it's because you made a mistake.The combat is so good, that despite most other aspects of the game being nothing special, I consider this to be one of the best games I've played in a long time. It's hard to adequately describe it in words or showcase in a video, you pretty much have to play to understand.Other things I like about this game:- The four characters all feel significantly different from each other in their style of fighting, but are all fairly balanced.- It has co-op, while almost every other rogue-lite does not.- Basically no time wasted on dialogue, travelling, sorting items, or anything else boring. You will spend 90% of your time fighting.- The music is good and suits the atmosphere of the game very well, although like all game music, you'll probably want to turn it off eventually.- Daily challenge missions with a leaderboard let you compete with others for daily high scores.Things I do not like:- The aim assist. Although necessary for this type of combat (especially for newer players), sometimes it can be a major liability. At this point, I'd say at least a third of the damage I take is aim assist related, and that's a conservative estimate. There needs to be a button to toggle it on or off.- The player base is very small. It can be very hard to find people to play co-op with using the in-game matchmaking. If you want to play co-op, you'll need to have friends, or add people off the forums.- The hit detection is host-side, rather than client-side, making it difficult to play with friends from another region due to lag.- Currently, due to how the difficulty scales, co-op can be significantly harder than solo.- The ""Hard"" difficulty is exactly the same as normal, except you get only 1 HP. It's definitely hard, but it feels also a bit lazy and causes some balance issues. This problem is not as bad as it sounds though, because most players can't beat normal difficulty.- A couple combinations of enemies, or modifiers on certain randomly-generated bosses, can be a bit unfair or frustrating (or at least feel that way). They are fairly rare though. Example: shielded kamibots, or a boss with heal, damage reflect, shield and super teleport.In it's current state, I highly recommend this game.  As a bonus, the developers are still adding to this game. They also read the suggestions people make in the discussions, so hopefully over time the list of things I don't like will shrink!If anyone disagrees with anything I've said here, or any information is outdated/irrelevant, please leave a comment."
,Recommended,241760,22285909,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,arbor day,"This is a four player co-op gameor a single player game if you are like me and don't have friends, that markets itself as a roguelike, but I'm not so sure I think that's correct. You might be able to get away with calling this a roguelike-lite, or saying it has some roguelike elements I guess, but it sure ain't Nethack or anything close.The four playable characters are all a little different, and each have a standard attack, a special attack, and a movement ability. You also have an ultimate power that charges up as you kill things. There's only one of the four that I really don't like, which is fine with me.There isn't any leveling up, or long standing character progression. You can earn a currency that you spend to upgrade your character, but the abilities you can pick from are randomly selected and only offer you a pair at a time. These upgrades only last for the current bounty mission you are on, so your character restarts back at square one each time you play. This isn't really an issue, just thought I'd clarify that.You can unlock certain kits, which let you give small customization bonuses to your heroes, though. For instance, the medic kit starts you with two medkits. Some kits might start you with a secondary weapon, or various other power ups.Each bounty you clear earns you points that go toward unlocking these kits, titles, skins, and various things like that. The overall progress is account wide, not per character, which is nice.The game is pretty fun, but I can't speak as to how good the co-op is, because I don't have any friends oh god whats wrong with me.I should also say that for whatever reason, this game runs pretty bad on my system. A lot worse than I'd expect. I have everything on the lowest setting, including res and the framerate is pretty awful. I don't know what the deal is, but it might be something on my end."
,Not Recommended,241760,32487448,Posted: 16 June,all,Syrsly,"Kill To Collect gives you little reason to collect anything.It has the makings of a good drop-in-and-drop-out multiplayer experience, but the RPG elements just aren't there.  There's hardly any loot in this game, so the title is a little misleading.  What are we collecting exactly?  I feel like the currencies in the game are very temporary and fleeting.  Loot amounts to health vials and speed boosts.The couch coop is currently broken in a few ways.  First, only player one can interact with the main menu and some other menu elements.  Second, even though I was controller #1, it assigned me to player #2, and my player assignment was switched after the first level, effectively confusing us for a grand total of 20 seconds, so my friend and I were clever and swapped controllers until we beat the current level.  The upgrades were lackluster because nothing is actually worked toward.  The only redeeming aspect of the game is it's easy to get into.  You'll effectively figure the entire game out in less than 5 minutes.  There are some aspects of the game's battle system which will take some experimentation, like character abilities and boss battle mechanics, but as long as you can back away from enemies after hitting them 1-2 times, you'll mostly be fine.  There are difficulty modes, mind you, and I only tried easy and normal modes before deciding I was bored of the game's character upgrade/customization system."
,Recommended,241760,24076840,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ratha Wynter,"2016-July-03Quick Rundown:------------------------The good: Gameplay mechanics are solid, if a bit simplistic.The bad: Exceptionally difficult to find others to play with.Verdict: A hopeful 6/10 in its current state. Fun for a quick romp but disappointed about not having enough friends to play with. Interface, matchmaking, and netcode need a few tweaks.Potential: 8/10 with a solid-buy recommendation if matchmaking gets an overhaul. Once the multiplayer community gets up and running,-Built on the Unity engine, Kill to Collect is a 1-4 player skill based top-down brawler of sorts with an 80's neon/cyberpunk theme and music to match. KTC is an action-oriented tactical brawler with a good degree of challenge and a high skill ceiling, button-mashing wont serve you well here. The basic premise of the game is that you (and a group of friends if lucky) delve into futuristic / dystopian slums with the goal of hunting a bounty (boss) and clearing the place of its riff-raff. Along the way you will find one-time use heals, shields, powerups, deployables (such as mines), and even swappable ammo-based weapons as you make your way through the floor. At the end of each section you are allowed to take a break in the rec-room and spend some of the chips you've accumulated to buy yourself permanent upgrades, replenish your health and ammo, stock up on items, or purchase a different secondary weapon.There are 4 character classes in Kill to Collect, and while they all feel fairly similar, they do each have their own strengths and weaknesses from being a slow-ish and tanky shotgun brawler with a Juggernaut-like ultimate ability to a crazy shock-staffed, jetpack-wearing, turret deploying crowd control character. Each of the four different classes has their own set of abilities that work better or worse against certain enemy types in a Gauntlet-esq manner, but are still similar enough so as to not become obsolete when used in solo play. Due to the nature of these differences, the game really shines in multiplayer when you can combine these with allied abilities, but thanks to a small playerbase, finding a multiplayer game can be quite difficult.The brawler-esq 3rd person top-down combat in KTC is broken down into an exceptionally simple set of attacks and moves; A basic attack, a special knock-down attack on a cooldown, an ultimate ability on a kill-based cooldown, and a limited ammo-based interchangeable weapon. Additionally each character has their own dodge ability from a steerable and fast moving jetpack that can be used to knock enemies aside, to a short ranged blink which can teleport to the other side of an enemy (admittedly a bit fiddly), and of course a fairly plain-jane dodgeroll too. The special attacks for each character feel similar, but do impart different effects on the enemy from armor breaking debuffs which make an enemy take more damage on their next hit to stuns and knockdowns which in some cases are only effective against certain types of enemies.An upgrade/unlock system of sorts is in place, but its incredibly simple and very linear. Basically, as you collect bounties (score) from playing and beating levels, you unlock skins and new loadouts which allow you to change the two starting items that you begin the game with. Loadouts are a fairly minor thing overall, but do influence the early-game. Unlocks for golden weapon skins are attained by completing objectives based around using those weapons, but these golden weapons dont appear to have any gameplay impact, nor can these skins be disabled.. so any uniqueness of each weapon's texture/color is basically lost after you've completed its associated task. Pieces Interactive definitely could have done a bit more with this system while maintaining balance and keeping power-creep at bay. In its current state these systems feel a little under-developed and disappointing. Collected bounty is basically just a measurement of how much you've played.. a global score of sorts; you dont use it to buy unlocks, loadouts, or skins, they just get unlocked when you reach a totally linear and arbitrary amount.Ultimately the crippling factor for Kill to Collect at the moment is that its missing its multiplayer community. Its a solid game which needs more players. They've done a really good job with core fighting mechanics and balancing, and aside from a bit of peer-to-peer lag, the multiplayer mechanics feel pretty good. Revive systems are in place to keep the flow of the game going and reward players who are good by keeping them revived or bringing them back after locating or beating special rooms. The increased number of enemies in multiplayer offer additional challenge, and there is plenty of chaos and opportunity to work together to make some fun and exciting things happen based on the game's various knock-back mechanics and ragdoll-physics. If there was a stronger multiplayer community that allowed you to find games whenever you wanted, I feel that this game would offer a significantly higher value for its cost. As it stands, I cannot recommend Kill to Collect at its full price unless you absolutely love this type of game, or have a group of friends to play with. If you enjoyed games like Spiral Knights, then this will probably be something you will find familiar and appealing. Though due to the simple combat mechanics and lack of complex interactions in single player the game can feel a tad samey after awhile, having a friend or two to play with may make all the difference.Final thoughts: Pieces Interactive needs to step up their marketing department and get people playing their game. Its a good title that gets put down all too quickly due to the lack of community to engage with. Single player delivers a couple of hours of good challenge while multiplayer offers some exciting, funny, and tensely rewarding moments. Sadly unless your friends own the game, theres almost no chance of finding a random multiplayer pick-up game to join at this time. Kill to Collect is a good game that Id enjoy playing with friends and with random people, sadly it will be difficult to convince friends to buy without an active multiplayer community and with such a flawed matchmaking system in place.Pros:- Good visceral core combat mechanics.- Decent player character and enemy variety.- Has single player modes, offers a good challenge.- The kind of game that truly shines when played with friends.Cons:- No multiplayer community as of 2016-07-03. Finding a random MP game is impossible.- Cant do anything but sit at the host screen while you wait for someone to join.- Host-side hit detection means that players will feel some lag / sluggish feedback.- Cannot disable autoaim for keyboard and mouse controls.- Maxes out GPU clocks, even when minimized and vsynced. (Radeon 7850)- Title is no longer receiving support. No contact or fixes from developers 6+ months."
,Not Recommended,241760,30000583,Posted: 17 February,all,W.A. the Anum,"Kill to Collect ... for?KtC is a rogue like game like Isaac and other more ""well-known"" games which are basicly the same. You go down the last corners of streets, killing bad guys, collecting stuff and more.So...should i kill them or they me?Tbh, KtC is a hard game, a very hard game - even on ""easy mode"". Its not only that the game is hard, its also the game plays so dang hard too: Nearly every character feels very slow. They attack maybe ones per second (the fastest one sure attacks faster but makes nearly no damage and has nearly no health...) that it actually makes nearly no fun to play this game alone, i tried to play with all 4 characters and only found for me the...""engigirl"" (i duno the name now) pretty good since i can build small turrets, avoid enemys and stun them.Still even her main attack is so ♥♥♥♥ing slooooooowwwww.I mean, a normal guy/girl would swing a staff but in this game she swings it -only- vertical (so you can only hit things close infront of you...) ones per attack which means no combos or like, also the delay between you actually hit the attack button and the damage output is also kinda ""castlevania"" like. You press the attack button and maybe 0.5 seconds later, you actually hit a enemy.That actually makes it again hard to attack and avoid attacks since after a attack, your character needs a short time to recover. I mostly ended up in a ""cat and mice"" play, if i had the room for - which simply means i poked the enemy ones, avoided, poked again, avoid, and again the loop. Fun? Not really, since some enemys can lay mines and others can stun you, giving them the advantage of actually crowd controll...Again, for what do we ""collect""?If you win or lose a mission, you get... or earn some credits. Sadly, you actually cant buy stuff with them, you only unlock stuff like, titles, skins & some basic start gear. No new characters, no new weapons, no new power ups, no new levels, nothing like. So it makes nearly no sense to ""go collecting"" stuff anyways.The end of the storyI actually refund it. Its to hard and makes no fun playing it alone. In Multiplayer its even more hell since more bullets and more things to avoid and taking care off. The difficult is way to high that the game ""could"" actually make some kind of fun. The characters feel way to slow somehow and the delays feeling like youre all the time in the disadvantage and not even close to be in the ""same levels with the enemys"". Avoid it if you think it is a good rogue-like game and look better for another one, this game might looks great on display but it feels like you go boxing against Mohammed Ali..."
76561198021913730,Recommended,241760,26845834,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shugyosha,One of the forgotten games on steam that are actually really good. Difficult to the point of utter frustration but always looking and sounding marvelous in the process of crushing you.10/10 would get crushed again
,Recommended,241760,29951421,Posted: 15 February,all,Kensworth,"Pros:- Great scenery- Simple skill-based mechanics- Difficult, but not impossible- An absolute blast when playing with friendsCons:-No local co-op- Horribly difficult when playing alone- Online matchmaking is broken, and the developers haven't responded to any Steam Forum discussions on the matterConclusion:With broken matchmakingand no local co-op, you'll need to coerce three of your friends to buy this with you and set matches up yourselves. If you're lucky enough to do so, the game is tons of fun and you'll wonder why it never went viral.P.S. There is a ""Kill to Collect LFG"" Steam Group, though it seems fairly inactive.Edit: Over a year after the last update, the devs finally added local co-op! This may make your Killin' and Collectin' a little more enjoyable and worth the money now."
,Not Recommended,241760,24172229,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,InertFurry,"Gameplay design is solid, like if Torchlight had a baby with the Souls series and fell into a cave of Nethack, doled out in single-servings.  The game's difficulty curve is pretty much a flat line and will well wait for you to ""Git Gud"" enough to take on the enemies/combinations it throws at you.This game is great if you want to play with yourself or one friend.  This is why I don't reccomend this game.  It fraudulently advertises 1-4 player co-op multiplayer.  This comes with the implication it should be as responsive as the mechanics demand.  Unfortunately, it does not.  Once you throw a third or, god forbid, a fourth, the game simply can't handle it.  500-3000ms response times don't work in a top-down twitch action fighter.   Perhaps these devs should ""Git Gud"" and finish chipping their netcode into something that resembles a finished product.  Unfortunately it took me 8 hours to get to the point where we convinced another unfortunate soul to get this, albeit on sale, in order to join us, so it appears we've been scammed outta 10 bucks.Would reccomend for solo artist masocists  if it's ever on for 75% off again."
76561197970739339,Recommended,241760,32544573,Posted: 18 June,all,Captain Chaos,"IMPORTANT: This game requires a reasonably good and consistent connection to play online coop. It caused a friend of mine serious desyncronization issues.So an ex-gang member, a raver, an ex-security officer and a engineer walk into a dark alley...Kill to Collect is a top-down hack-n-slash roguelike with a bright neon-cyberpunk aesthetic similar to Neon Chrome, and surprisingly fair difficulty for the genre. You can tell when a rogue game wants you dead and KtC is not one of those, at least from what I've seen thus far. The player takes the role of one of four deadly hunters, the only law in the scummy and villainous lower levels of Geocenter Alpha, the last city on Earth. Each has a different weapon, secondary power attack, ultimate, and movement ability. Combat is largely melee-based, and since you are always outnumbered, conservation of health, the number one concern in these sorts of games, is a question of learning how to time your attacks and dodges with the predictable attack patterns of the enemies. Each character's secondary attack inflicts some form of crowd control, which you will need to use often. Ultimate attacks must be charged first by dealing damage and are best used against a crowd of enemies, as in most games.Kate Katana uses a sword, and can knock down enemies in a small cone or all around her using her ultimate, or by using her dodge roll. Ivan Ironfist has large cybernetic fists that can inflict rapid, but less damaging attacks then the other charcters- only half a pip per punch. He can knock back enemeis and cause a vulnerability effect that makes them take more damage from subsequent punches. He has lower health but can instantly teleport around, including behind enemies. His ultimate damages everything near him constantly for the duration. Riot Ray uses a shotgun, which technically gives him the most reach of any character- but its so short ranged that it's essentially a melee weapon anyway. However, it deals more damage based on Ray's distance to an enemy, and at point blank does four pips of damage, enough to one-shot some enemies. His secondary attack knocks enemies back and a shield over his back can protect him from back attacks. His ultimate sees him charge around, knocking down and heavily damaging enemies. His dodge is a simple hop with no other effects. Lastly, Shocking Shelly uses an electrified staff with good reach, her secondary attack stuns enemies and she can drop turrets that fire stunning shots.Shelly can use her ultimate much more often then the other characters, and its possible to have multiple turrets active at once. Combined with her reach and stuns, I feel like she is the most effective solo character as a result. The least so is probably Ivan, who has very short reach and limited health, and doesn't have any attacks that disable enemies completely. Kate also has some problems against robotic enemies, as they are unaffected by her knockdowns.Regardless, each character can even the odds by using a secondary weapon and consumable items. The sub-weapons have very limited ammo but offer much needed ranged attacks, and include a handgun, various types of grenades, flamethrowers, rocket launchers, a hookshot that pulls enemies towards you, and a ""chain-cutter"", a weapon that creates an energy tether between you and the target point, which constantly damages enemies it touches. Items include medkits, proximity mines, temporarily increased movement speed or damage, temporarily infinite dodging, damage reflection, and the rare ""ultimate power"" item that gives you infinite uses of your ultimate ability for its duration, a good way of quickly ending a boss fight.Gameplay is split up into individual missions, or ""Bounties"", consisting of three or more floors, with the final floor consisting entirely of a boss fight. These bosses can use similar attacks and sub-weapons to the player, and often have additional perks, such as a teleporting around the arena. Completing a bounty rewards you with credits, which act as experience towards unlocks. These unlocks include new starting loadouts, character skins, gold weapons and titles.The game recently added two-player local coop, a much-requested addition, and of course it has four-player online coop.  If you like top-down games or roguelikes with more balanced gameplay then most, Kill to Collect is worth your time."
,Recommended,241760,32954931,Posted: 28 June,all,DrNo~i ache,Loving this title with local coop.Likely less painful with 4 players though
76561198036173291,Recommended,241760,24165166,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mudhut Sassypants,"I really enjoy the pick-up-and go playstyle that can get you into the game immediatly, then when you start doing Warzones the difficulty ramps up and you are paying more attention to saving items and picking upgrades that help plan for a long dive into the gauntlet of stages."
,Not Recommended,241760,24096023,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,claiminglight,"Three of my friends and I bought this game. We played for a few worlds and, realizing we weren't having any fun, we all returned it.K2C might be unfavorably compared to an N64-era Gauntlet mixed with the dungeon exploration style of The Binding of Issac. Though the concept sounds good, K2C doesn't deliver on the promise. Instead, you get a slow-paced, depth-free, pressure-free game with overly-cramped rooms prone to wall-clipping.Though I admit that another player may like this game more than my friends and I did, I'd be willing to bet any wager you'd care to name that this game will not resonate with even its biggest fans for any longer than it takes to beat it."
76561198001221838,Not Recommended,241760,24956684,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,jash,"It's almost a good game, but it's not. I basically have the same complaints everyone else does. Movement and attacks are a little clunky, meaning sometimes you have no options but to take a hit. It seems like a skill game, but there's a large luck component to it.The soundtrack seemed nice, if you like that kind of music."
76561198071723451,Recommended,241760,26196069,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,La Giuggia,"This game is... a cute and little puppy, I'm sure there are some bad, ugly people in the world who don't like it for stupid and obscure reasons - you know like people who love war or don't like chocolate - but I'm also sure noone could say this game isn't good.As the finest chocolate this game isn't something new, or elaborate, butit's sooooo sweet... I coud never call this amasterpiece, awork of art, or stuff like that, becuse this game is something... both small and, as I already said, not really new, but also perfect in what it is.First thing, there's basically no plot, but that isn't a big deal, the setting is well put and straight to the point: It's a cyberpunk world, you are a mercenary, a runner, call it as you like, we want some crooks killed, here's your target, this will be your reward,go get them!. AndBAM!You are in this map, killing things to open the way to your wanted criminal, no wasting of time, justfun.It's a top-down shooter with a skill-based gameplay which reminds MOBA games, and it is hard. Marvelouslyhard. When someone saysIt's hardabout a top-down shooter you imagine a bullet hell, but this is not the case, the gameplay isn't erratic, everything is clean, solid, and accurate, if you play it atHarddifficulty as an enemy hit you, you are basically dead. If you smash the buttons you die, if you don't take care of your positioning you die, if you don't notice a threat you die, if your mom screams something at you, you die. You can use a lot of different tactics to clean a room but when you do a mistake you lose. This will change if you play atNormaldifficulty, of course, you will have more health and there'll be room for mistakes, so the game allow you to chose the kind of experience you want.Everytime you'll die, you'll have the feeling ""I did that mistake"" and you'll get better, the game is clean, it's not chaotic, there's no fate involved, no RNG mechanics, the game never cheats, it just requires skill and this makes it such a rewarding experience.This is a roguelite kind of game, when you die you restart, but it's based on short missions, as I said, so you unlock the new mission after completing the previous one, then you can select the mission you want even if you die. Anyway the maps are randomly generated, so it never feels too repetitive to restart a mission. Anyway, it's hard, and after you die, and die, and die multiple times in a row, no matter how hard you tried, it drains your energies, so, speaking about how I feel after some playing, I could want to stop after 2, 3, 4 hours I'm playing... uhm... but maybe it's not strange in any case? By the way, I could want to stop playing this game after some time, but that doesn't last long, this game is something you'll want to come back to.Conclusions:If you are not a bad person and you like chocolate, you will like this game. If you usually like top down shooter, roguelite games, or just beautiful games - yeah, there are people who like bad games out there, check your facebook - you willlovethis, and if you have someone to play it together it will be great.So just buy this, the price is fair, and if you don't like it you can still ask for a refund and I'll owe you a beer in our next lives, just don't die too soon."
,Recommended,241760,31797879,Posted: 16 May,all,[C.H.U.D.],Really liked this game but within a week or 2 of it coming out it was impossible to find other players. If you get this game get an extra copy for a friend. Plays like a beat em up Gauntlet rogue-like.
76561197993819834,Recommended,241760,24768582,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,OniPolice,"This could have gone from being a good game to a great game if it supported local co-op instead of online only. I can understand what they were trying to do, but this game just isn't popular enough to find anybody online.The gameplay itself is simple, yet satisfying. It plays like an action rogue-like with tactical movement. The four characters each have interesting abilities and don't feel the same. The game isn't very deep, but it will provide a quick fix for procedurally generated action. If you like isometric action games in which button mashing will get you killed rather than a good score, this is probably right up your alley."
76561198034129503,Not Recommended,241760,23879712,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TheCorwin,"It has no local Co-op which is strange because all the players charracters share the same screen. Also something about the gameplay doesn't feel right, hit boxes are hard to get a read on and animations seem clunky. Some of the characters feel very similar (most have a dash and a knock back ability.) I also didn't like how punishing the single player was. I'm sure that could be fixed with more people but I'm not interested in convincing anyone to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,241760,29474536,Posted: 24 January,all,Zanriel,"This game is brutally difficult, even on Easy. I don't have the patience for it. You can take only a few hits before you're dead. Even though health packs drop, they barely heal you. There are bullets flying around everwhere while melee attackers are trying to kill you. Often times, the only place to dodge the bullets is either into a melee attacker or a land mine. Eventually I just decided it wasn't worth the effort, so... uninstalling."
76561198040027211,Recommended,241760,32580077,Posted: 19 June,all,Wonderland,"Fun, hard, and frustrating, if those are things you enjoy then give this a try."
76561197987538668,Recommended,241760,24047129,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Iron_Mantis,This game is good. It's basically a cyber punk version of Gauntlet. It's good fun but I strongly recommend roping in a friend to play it. The difficulty curve is so high but the right kind of challenge. It frustrates you just enough to challenge but make you want to come back for more. You guys should definitley give it a go the more people who get it the more online community there will be with it.
76561198088840604,Not Recommended,241760,24063144,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The Wurst Trombonist,I really dont enjoy this game but other might. It has some problems when reviing a team mate
76561197971125801,Recommended,241760,23100201,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lillarcor,"Great fun arcade style game to keep you occupied for the evening. Gameplay tends to become somewhat stale after playing for a few hours. The saving grace is by far coop mode, playing the game with friends adds a lot - I can't really see myself playing this game solo, but with other people, it's heck-a-fun =D"
76561197983304883,Recommended,241760,22734068,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Aspect,"Overall it is a fun arcade game.  The music and asthetic produce a decent atmosphere. The enemies and their variation provide a very nice effect where you really need to try and stay aware as you dodge attacks, expend resources, and make your own attacks.The main problem is that other players cannot join midgame.  I beleive the reason for this is that there isn't a way to dynamically scale the ammount of enemies or size of rooms during gameplay. This makes it difficult to find games."
,Recommended,241760,22989826,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,BrianRubin,"This game is a blast by one's self or with friends. Seriously, it can be difficult as crap on normal mode, but on easy it's much better for the newer player, and so far I've been having a great time!"
,Not Recommended,241760,23937604,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Futurepiercer,"Bummer, throught this game included couch co-op... Would be a plus if eventually it gained it."
76561198006570636,Not Recommended,241760,24166804,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,joe_mag,"I so wanted this game, and in the last seconds of the Steam Summer Sale I bought it. So far, the game is more fun to play with a controller than a keybord. But it's soooo lacking to me. Granted, I've only played by myself and have only done 3 missions thus far, but I keep getting a currency that I don't even know what to do with. Maybe I haven't been playing long enough or need to do more online for that currency to work..? I'm not sure, I just know that I have a lot of it and nothing to spend it on! But i""ll keep playing the game untill i get to the bottom of this currency thing."
,Recommended,241760,23331653,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,American_AntiH3r0,"6/1/2016I have to say, I was really excited to get into the neon soaked hunting shoes, but I\'ve had a bit of a problem when it comes to multiplayer. After reading up a bit on the problems others are having I honestly feel a bit let down. I know the match making will come along shortly, but as of right now Single Player isn\'t cutting it. Not many people I know have the game so I would have to rely on Match Making to really enjoy the game in the vision in which it was made. I like everything from the soundtrack, the visuals and the gameplay. I just need the Match making to get fixed. Either way, I\'ve recommended the game to several of my friends. Hopefully I talked the game up enough to get them on board so we can have some real fun."
,Recommended,241760,23302966,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Kruzil,~~ Recipe for Funzies ~~0.24 parts of Hotline Miami2¾ pinches of Gauntlet<π slices of Streets of Rage 2∞ quadrants of River City Ransom------------------------------------1 challenging murder simulator + bonus cursing and loots
76561198168477437,Not Recommended,241760,23040407,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,TeaBag,No local co op and requested for a refund.
,Recommended,241760,22912595,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[HK]Jack,"8/10Pros :1. Good 3D animation and graphic2. Require Skill , Challenging , but easy to learn.3. Random Generated Maps4. Different skills , items , abilities.Cons :1. Limited Enemies Types, always repeat the same enemies at the same level . Hope there'd be more enemies in the future , even more various type of low level enemies.2. Very predictable enemies movements , attack patterns . As a melee combat game , not a shooter game , it is too obvious that the enemy keep repeating the same actions again and again. I know it takes lots of resources for 3D animation development , but it is essential for a combat game."
76561198018692251,Recommended,241760,22579202,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Rockjones 2014 Edition - Remaste,Pros:Interesting soundtrackNice ColoursChallengingCons:Bit sameyWorth a punt when on sale.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paqOAAFtsNk
76561198070985798,Recommended,241760,22634457,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Nevin,What I think about this game.Kill to Collect Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syWK8n-pnCw
,Not Recommended,241760,32801198,Posted: 25 June,all,Svartsjö,remember playing this a while ago on a friends pc. loved it. got it on steam sale... controllers dont work for this game (which plays MUCH smoother with a controller). updates and fixes in the forum did nothing. actually it seems like updates ruined the game?shame.unplayable = not worth a buy
76561198122675570,Recommended,241760,22811722,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,dudethissucks,Git gud!
,Recommended,241760,22495239,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Channel5 Gaming,"I made avideo review for this game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxGMTG6LLAkValue vs objective for this game is as follows:Value: I got roughly 4 hours of gameplay, priced at $22 canadian, thats roughly $5.5 dollars per hour, and in today age that  isn't exactly the best value.Objective: Rogue like collecting mulitplayer game.... Well you don't really collect, everything is a limited use, the rogue like character builds are almost non exitistant. It's really hard to make fun builds with only 2 random choices per upgrade. The multiplayer match making is really bad, I couldn't get a single player to join my game. So we played 2 player, and this game excells better with 3 to 4. So the game fails in terms of objective, however its SUPER fun action combat game when played MULTIPLAYER.Final Score: 7/10"
76561198040837514,Recommended,241760,22298935,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Brudda,"Kill to Collect is an excellent top-down/isometric rogue-lite hack-n-slash, I highly recommend this game to those that like these kind of games or want something fun to play.The controls are your standard WASD to move, left click to do a main attack, right click for a strong attack, space to dodge, and keys to use items and ultimate attacks.  You have 4 characters you can choose from to use, each one has their own unique style and play fairly different from eachother.  There are secondary weapon pickups that you can find in the levels or purchase them from the shop, they have limited ammo and can only be refilled by picking up ammo cartridges.The gameplay is fairly fun and interactive.  You get to move your character around and attack enemies.  There is some skill involved where you have to learn the enemy attack patterns and fight accordingly.  But most of the time you're just kiting enemies and counter attack with a slash.Also I would like to mention this game is a ""rogue-lite"".  If you die in a level you have to start over from the beginning floor and you also lose whatever items and power ups you purchased.  Also after you beat a level you start from scratch again in the next level.  But there is permanent progression after each death or passing a level you get exp/credits, these go towards unlocking character skins and titles.My only gripe is the pacing of the game, it is kind of slow.  Imagine MOBA-like movement, but you're actually controlling the character manually so everything feels like slow-motion, sort of.  I'm assuming this was chosen because they wanted combat to be more ""tactical"", but I feel there are other ways to go about this.For hours:price ratio, if you can look past the slow-pace of the game you will definitely get your money's worth and much more out of this game.  But I feel though the full retail price is too much for the current game, I would wait for a discount.Overall this is still a good game to have in your library collection eventually.  The combat and characters make it very fun and you just want to come back for more.  I hope this review helps you decide whether to purchase the game or not."
,Recommended,241760,22308687,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,(-C-)Fjonan,"Addictive little rogue-like dungeon crawler set in a 80s neon Cyberpunk style not unlike Far Cry Blood Dragon. You finish floors by going room to room (kind of reminded me of Dungeon of the Endless) and kill the enemies inside that room. Since you only have a very limited amount of hits you can take and not a lot of chances to replenish it, you have to be very careful when fighting the very varied enemies. Tactics and timing is absolutely necessary to succeed and this is where the fun is.The four different playable characters allow interesting combos with each other to kill enemies faster which is necessary on harder difficulties and levels. Kill to Collect combines this with randomly generated elements and and a credits reward system even when you fail which makes it all that more addicting.I can absolutely reccommend the game if you like a challenge and the idea of a co-op rogue-like interests you."
76561198028339817,Recommended,241760,22315613,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sekhmet,"Awesome game. Lovely artstyle, good humor and brilliant gameplay."
,Recommended,241760,22318703,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,"An enjoyable hack-and-slash romp through randomized dungeons. Also features unique characters and quite a variety of enemies. My only complaint thus far is the lack of long-term customization or progression, but it's a nice coffee-break style hacky-slashy experience."
,Recommended,241760,22389394,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,TubaPlyr,"Fun Roguelite with a story mode, both a daily and highscore challenge, eight levels, and even Online Multiplayer support. I can see myself playing this a ton more! Great stuff :)"
76561197980333161,Recommended,241760,22299754,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Brother PaciFist,"Hello, thanks for reading my review for Kill to Collect.You control a hero through arena like rooms against a group of enemies, clear one room go to the next, until you find the exit to the next floor. There are challenge rooms with more difficult groups for more rewards, at the level exit you can buy upgrades for your heroe, more attack power, speed, faster skill reload you know the drill. The controls are very smooth, if you learn the enemies attack patterns you can go on and on without loosing a bit of your health bar. Your heroes have 1 direct attack skill, a special skill like stun and an ultimate. All 4 available heroes play different. The grafics look nice, more comic style, the music is excellent. Your level upgrades are not persistent, they are lost when you start a new mission. You can get permanent perks for credits earned by the missions. Those are starter kits, like more medipacks or some power ups when you start.You can play online with up to 4 players. No local coop.If you like twin stick arena shooter like smash tv, this is a very good addition to your collection.Have a nice day."
,Recommended,241760,22291679,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Nickyinsanity,"Very fun and challenging gameplay, with or without friends. Reminds me a bit of Magicka, with it's similar art style and some elements of the combat system.I highly recommend playing in co-op mode, so if you do pick the game up try and drag some friends along with you."
,Recommended,241760,22302165,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Feindfeuer,"Don't buy music often on steam, but this one has a solid selection of tracks from various artist like Dynatron, Daniel Deluxe and Midnight Danger. A solid purchase if you're into new retro wave.The price is rather steep, but you get a fun game for free on top of the album. If you're not into videogames you are probably better off picking the tracks up one by one from bandcamp or somewhere like that."
76561198069894224,Recommended,241760,22313316,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,km_md60,"A gem of of a game, really easy to control but hard t master. This game is a light roguelite because you can customize your character a bit but you have no way to improve their base power through progression. The design of each character is diverse enough to play differently with various timing and area of effect of four actions (basic attack, stun, ultimate and dodge). Planning to kill multiple enemies with environmental damage is satisfying.Graphic and soundtrack are fitting and vibrant, so much COLOR!Highly recommended for both solo and co-op."
76561198121994986,Recommended,241760,22278949,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,*Ableton Live,"I dont normally enjoy roguelike games, but this ones is super fun, and addictive.PROS-awesome soundtrack-NOT PIXEL GRAPHICS-super smooth controls-fun combat-great art style-addictive gameplay-NOT PIXEL GRAPHICS-co-op-online multiplayer lobbyCONS-online multiplayer lobby only worked to put me in a group once, and i suspect its because not many people were queued up. If this feature actually worked and grouped you when you didnt have friends online it would be awesome because:-the game gets difficult fast, and it would be super beneficial to have easy access to a better player pool.all in all i would highly reccomend trying this game to anyone , if you dont end up liking it , you can always refund."
76561198026369885,Not Recommended,241760,22386529,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,jhonrocco93,needs local
76561198038037769,Not Recommended,241760,24099882,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,treelaunka,"Fun, but it's over-priced for the market.There's no community, so expect to play this alone.Also, the game is a little unbalanced with bad-guys. Stun shield's a little OP against certain hero classes. So, you are locked into play other characters, just so you can progress--so, not the best game design."
76561198025273202,Recommended,241760,31582928,Posted: 6 May,all,LeadPainter,"ProsGreat gameplay.Characters each have a different feel.Combinations  of enemies in a room mix up the challenges.ConsNo couch coop.repetition.Overall, it's a fun game.  The music and color  scheme make it  an enjoyable escape.It's  annoying that you have to buy multiple copies to enjoy it with friends."
76561198173606567,Recommended,241760,32551431,Posted: 18 June,all,KeinSchiesse,"Although at its core this is a simplistic top-down shooter with somewhat limited content, its colorful graphics, awesome soundtrack, and unique characters are enough for me to enjoy playing through it. I did pick the game up on sale for half off but would have been happy if I had paid the full 9.99. My main gripe with the game is that it doesn't employ typical ""twin stick shooter"" mechanics with a controller seen in so many other top-down shooter games, and rather than aiming with the right stick lining up shots as you move / strafe with the left stick, the right stick instead only pans the camera around the room, so instead you're  left to run back and forth from enemies (while using a dodge/roll/teleport button for each character to evade their attacks..) So rather than the more fluid / user-friendly approach seen in many other top-down shooters, as you clear the rooms you kind of bait enemies along by running away, turning to face them, shoot, run away, turn to face them again, etc...That aside what is here still works reliably and you get into a rhythm as you evade enemies and blast away at them, dodging laser blasts from robots, explosions, pneumatic drills, and mohawk punks with large scythes. You get a good variety of pickups (incendiary grenades, proximity mines, medkits, etc...) to mix up the action. There are also boss fights at the end of each ""bounty"" when you reach the last floor of the level you are on. Each character however is limited to their 4 main attacks (which can be upgraded at various kiosks as you complete levels), so the gameplay is pretty simplistic. There are also only 4 characters to pick from, but each is unique/cool and have several skins to unlock.The soundtrack inparticular and the colorful graphics and cool character designs are what I enjoy about the game the most. I would recommend this game to fans of the top-down shooter genre, or people that are into neon, somewhat sci fi graphics and especially those that are into synthy electronic / new wave music or aesthetics."
,Recommended,241760,24262424,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Chu,EDIT (16/06/2017):Finally LOCAL COOP was added to the game! Now I can happily recommend this game.
76561198149997966,Recommended,241760,34181277,Posted: 11 August,all,Wertyus23,"The game is fun with friends and all, but not worth the full price. Good game if on a large sale."
,Recommended,241760,35354188,Posted: 30 September,all,RiseFM,"Fun game.  Easy to pick up and play but tough to master.  Can play it alone but it's much more fun with friends.  Soundtrack is really good.  Reminds me of the old Smash TV and Robotron style game, but not quite as chaotic but with more strategy than just straight up shoot everything in sight.There are some enemies that will one-shot you which can be a little frustrating.Overall a fun game if you like quickly paced shooter.  Just don't expect total chaos.  If you want that then get Nex Machina."
