user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198040688953,Recommended,241930,13025626,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Burt Macklin FBI,"Play this game if you enjoy:Killing OrcsStabbing OrcsBurning OrcsCutting of the Heads of OrcsGutting OrcsJumping on an Orc from a 20ft high rooftop, pinning him to the ground, then ruthlessly evicerating his thrashing body with a broken sword shank, spraying Orc blood to the wind, and hearing the lamentation of his Orc friends as they flee like cowards....Shooting Orcs in the back as they run from you."
,Recommended,241930,32778165,Posted: 25 June,all,BladeSeeker,GOTY Edition 3.99 = AUTOBUY
,Recommended,241930,12324248,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Warhawx,"Disclaimer: At this point, I have finished the main story and have dabbled into much of the sidequests.This review will be split into 4 parts and each will be rated out of 10, with a final average score at the end:-Story-Gameplay/Mechanics-Visuals-Sound[STORY]The story is full of cliches and tropes, such as but not limited to a badass ranger having his family killed in front of him, but survived and goes on a roaring rampage of revenge. Nothing new in particular, but I believe it can be excused by the fact that it was Tolkien who kickstarted much of these tropes and trends.The writing takes creative liberty of gutting the lore often. While it is a subjective as of what it does to the story, I believe that the bending and breaking of the lore (i.e. elves cannot be wraiths) works to the strength of the game, giving it a more interesting story. To sum it up, the story is a good story, yet lacking in originality. The worst part is probably how rushed it is towards the end, but nevertheless it is a memorable plot anyways.Conclusion: 7/10[GAMEPLAY]The gameplay can be viewed as something of a cross of Arkham games with a smidge of Assassin's Creed thrown into the mix. I personally view the criticism of it being an ""Assassin's Creed ripoff"" as invalid, largely because of the fact that the only thing that is a rip-off of AC is the free-running mechanic, which is smooth for the most part. It does have stealth kills, as does the AC franchise, but nowadays stealth kills/takedowns are so common in gaming that it can hardly be considered a rip-off, and even if it is, it is a very well done rip-off. It is also published by WB, so I don't believe it to be wrong to rip-off another game under the same producer. (Batman Arkham Asylum/City/Origins)The combat is much more challenging than either AC or Batman, in my opinion. While it is still relatively simple to completely obliterate orcs, there are usually huge numbers, especially in strongholds, and berserkers and shields make it quite difficult to just breeze through. While there are instant kills in the form of stealth kills and finishers, higher level captains/warchiefs are much more resistant and immune to this, making it a real challenge to figure out the weaknesses of certain uruks, meaning that it is challenging, but not unfair.This brings us to the nemesis system. It is very well designed and gets rid of a bit of the repetitiveness of the game. This system means that all the captains and warchiefs are unique. Some are strong, some are weak, and if one kicks your butt a few too many times he might even become your arch-nemesis, meaning that he will keep coming back! My personal nemesis was Ratlug the brave, who was immune to everything but explosions and ranged attacks, forcing my to turn him into a pincushion every time I face him. What's worse is he has the Ambush trait, meaning that he keeps showing up in the worst of situations, such as when I'm fighting another captain or warchief, or when I'm running for my life from a horde of ghuls, poisoned and heavily injured. I would not like to divulge much as it would spoil the game for you.The lack of bugs and glitches is also amazing. In my 15 hours of playtime, I have not run into a single bug and only one glitch one time, where I tried to drop assassinate a captain but was stuck frozen mid-air above the ground for a few seconds, before the game teleported me to the spot next to my target, who was unharmed.Conclusion: 8/10[VISUALS]I was unable to run this game in Ultra, as it requires an absurd amount of Video RAM (6 GB, holy moly!). However, the texture quality, while not ground breaking, is still rather decent most of the time with the occasional terribly textures, but nothing immersion killingThe cutscene quality is reasonably high, and weaves itself seamlessly into the in-game visuals. I believe a good amount of it is pre-rendered, but it is very hard to see the difference. Overall, the visuals are not hugely amazing, but it isn't too shabby either, and the landscape and map design in general is beautiful.Conclusion: 7/10[SOUND]I have had some audio cutoffs and stutters in cutscenes, but I believe that is most likely a framerate issue instead of a sound issue. The sound effects are top-notch, you can feel immersed with every single sword blow, arrow shot or explosion as you shoot a barrel full of putrid uruk grog, really making the gameplay feel very smooth or impactful when it needs to. The soundtrack is also quite a fine tune.The voice acting is flawless, as I can't find a single thing wrong with it. Every single line of dialogue was delievered with clarity and emotion, and the voice actors have done a very good job. From the protagonist and the antagonist, the supporting cast in the main quest to the idle musings of random uruk grunts or the complaints of the human slaves littered around Mordor, not a single line of dialogue struck me as strange or not well-delievered.Conclusion: 10/10[OVERALL]Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor is a great game. While it lacks a lot of originality, it makes up for it by using the right ideas from the right places and implementing them very well. While the story is nothing to write home about, the way it is delivered to the player through the visuals and the sounds makes it a memorable one, with a host of memorable supporting casts, especially a certain dwarf!The gameplay is smooth and it is very satisfying to hack at an uruk and send its limp body flying or to decapitate a warchief, but here lies the problem; the gameplay is good, but it is also repetitive. It means that you will most likely not get to do much else in this game but run to a place, kill some uruk, rinse and repeat. Nevertheless, it is an enjoyable experience.[FINAL VERDICT: 9/10]"
,Recommended,241930,13269459,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,MÅSMÅSMÅS,"Took me 24 hours to 100% the game. I'll be brief: the gameplay is pretty solid, fast-paced and brutal, the graphcs is top-class, nemesis system is innovation in game design and I totally fell in love with it, the plot is mature and the final scenes are just masterpiece with no happy-end and no final kiss. For me Shadow of Mordor is among BEST 3rd-person action games of all times. A solid 9/10 and I strongly recommend buying it.Keep up the good work, Monolith!"
,Recommended,241930,21409918,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Melody,"I really enjoyed Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor, it’s a well-adapted LoTR / Middle earth open world action game which combines both Batman and Assassin’s Creed gameplay and style in a nice way as combat and game progression are well implemented and fun. If you enjoyed those games, you are gonna like this one then.The story itself is strong enough, with some nice fan service (you will even find Gollum in it), but definitely one of the best features the game has is the Nemesis system, which is extremely good. Maybe at first you’ll think it’s nothing really special, but trust me, it is! and it works very well, the way orcs can remember the encounters you have and how they talk to you when they meet you again is really effective and credible and it’s going to arouse your emotions, especially when they kill you and grow in power because of that.You can get your revenge and also avenge people in your friend list if you want. Eventually you will have your own story of vengeance and confrontation.The orcs have their own ranks of influence and power which are always changing not only based on your own actions, but on their own and oh boy! they are selfish and ambitious and will do everything, even betray their own, to gain more power.The Nemesis System is actually so good that I hope they implement more things like that in other games, it makes the game feel alive.As you play you will gather information about your enemies so you can always have the advantage (if you want) of knowing which their weaknesses are and even turn them against each other and have a lot of fun with your powers as they increase.There are other activities which are not part of the main quests and they can also be fun and challenging.Killing so many orcs can become a bit repetitive at some points, but you won’t get bored easily, the combat system is fun and intuitive and there are a lot of options to engage and kill your enemies, I’m sure you will find some very creative ways to get the job done. If you like the stealthy approach or the kick the door and kill them all style both are gonna work in different situations.You earn ability points that can be assigned the way you want and get runes that can be applied to your weapons to customize your gameplay even more.The graphics are really good and well optimized for PC specially with the HD textures (By the way, you don’t actually need the 6gb vram to run them, but the more you have, the better - obviously).Finally, I would recommend to play with a gamepad, it’s amazing!, the keyboard and mouse combo works , but it is just not as intuitive nor as comfortable.At the end Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is a great game with a AAA production value, a precious one!En verdad disfruté La Tierra Media: sombras de Mordor, es una buena adaptación de mundo abierto del Señor de los Anillos y de la Tierra Media y el cual combina la jugabilidad y el estilo de Batman y de Assassin’s Creed de una manera adecuada ya que el combate y la progresión en el juego están bien implementados y son divertidos. Si disfrutaste de esos juegos, entonces este también te gustará.La historia en sí misma es buena, e incluye “fan service” (¡te encuentras con Gollum!), pero definitivamente una de las mejores características que el juego tiene para ofrecer es el sistema Némesis, el cual es extremadamente bueno. Tal vez al principio creas que que no es nada especial, pero creéme, ¡lo es! y funciona muy bien, la forma en la cual los orcos recuerdan los encuentros que han tenido contigo y como te hablan cuando te enfrentan nuevamente, es en verdad efectivo y creíble y va a hacer vibrar tus emociones, especialmente cuando te maten y crezcan en poder al hacerlo.Podrás vengarte y vengar gente en tu lista de amigos si lo deseas, eventualmente tendrás tu propia historia de venganza y confrontación.(Por cierto, mención especial al doblaje latino que esta excelente, encontrarás algunas voces conocidas como la de Humberto Vélez, si, Homero Simpson da vida a las voces de algunos orcos, puede incluso parecerte que en cualquier momento dirán algo así como: “¡morirás montaraz... D'oh!”, ja ja ja)Los orcos tienen sus propios rangos de influencia y poder los cuales cambian constantemente no solamente basándose en tus propias acciones, también en las de ellos, y vaya que son egoístas y ambiciosos y harán cualquier cosa, incluso traicionar a los suyos, con tal de obtener más y más poder.El sistema Némesis es de hecho tan bueno que espero implementen cosas como esta en otros juegos, ya que hacen que el juego se sienta vivo.A medida que avances obtendrás información sobre tus enemigos para así tener la ventaja (si lo deseas) de saber cuáles son sus debilidades e incluso enfrentarlos los unos a los otros y divertirte mucho con tus poderes conforme estos se incrementen.Hay otras actividades que no son parte de las misiones principales y que también pueden ser divertidas y desafiantes.Matar tantos orcos puede volverse repetitivo en algunas ocasiones, pero no te aburrirás con facilidad, el sistema de combate es divertido e intuitivo y hay muchas opciones para enfrentarte y matar a tus enemigos, estoy segura de que encontraras algunas formas bastante creativas para hacer tu trabajo. Si te gusta el enfoque sigiloso o el de patear la puerta y matarlos a todos, ambos estilos funcionarán en diferentes situaciones.Ganas puntos los cuales puedes asignar a tu gusto y obtendrás runas que puedes aplicar a tus armas para personalizar tu experiencia de juego aún más.Las gráficas son muy buenas y están bien optimizadas para PC, especialmente con las texturas HD (por cierto, no necesitas los 6gb de vram para correrlas, pero entre más tengas es  mejor, obviamente).Finalmente, recomiendo jugar con un control, ¡es incredible!, la combinación de teclado y mouse funciona, pero no es tan intuitiva ni tan cómoda.Al final La Tierra Media: sombras de Mordor  es un gran juego con una producción de AAA, ¡uno precioso!"
,Recommended,241930,24213441,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Tom,"Review:Middle Earth: Shadow of MordorGameplay:-Genre: Hack'n Slash, RPG.-Game Style: (none).-Mode of view: Third Person.-Theme: Fantasy.Game Modes:-Singleplayer: Yes.-Local multiplayer: No.-Online multiplayer: No.-New Game Plus: No.-Level Selection: No.-Sandbox: Yes.-Roguelike: No.Features:-Character Customization: No.-Inventory Management: No.-Collectables: Yes.-Currency: Yes.-Upgrades: Yes.-Skill Tree: Yes.-Safe Houses: No.-Puzzles: No.-Choices: No.-Destructable Enviroment: No.-Customizable Safehouses: No.Steam Functions:-Leaderboards: Yes.-Inventory Items: No.-Achievements: Yes.More Info:-Aproximated total duration: 30 hours.-Aproximated campaign duration: 15 hours.-Recommended age: +16.-Controller Support: Full.Pros:-The nemesis system adds some interesting features to the game.-Has many side quest that repeat themselves infinetly.-The combat is good; you have to block, attack and dodge.-It is very well optimized, it has almost no bugs and does not crash.-Has some (not many) quests like hunting beasts or collecting plants.Neutral:-Its main campaign is very short, also are the dlcs.-There are no friendly npcs in the entire map.-The entire game consists about killing orcs.-Enemies respawn extremely fast.Cons:-There is no replay value after you beat it.-Almost no animal variety.-The maps are very small and are very generic.-You cannot replay the main missions.-The controls are not very accurate.-The dlcs give you overpowered equipment.Conclusion:-Mark: 6,50.-Notes: In my opinion, no way it is worth the full price.-Warning: (none)."
76561198010733739,Recommended,241930,13110410,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,DoZeBeenZ,It seems one simply does walk through Mordor...
,Recommended,241930,12316859,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Mr. Rabbit 兔,"Middle-earth Shadow of Mordor is an action packed RPG that has a bunch of lore and content from the loved lord of the ring and hobbit franchise . It is an absolutely awesome game with reasonably good storyline. The graphics are very next gen with a beautiful landscape that is full of detail, amazing lighting effects and interesting characters both new and old characters to the J.R.R. Tolkien's lore.The combat is very similar to the Assassins creed franchise and even more to the Batman games. With swift, immersive gameplay that will make every kill feel beautiful but it can be quite challenging when you face more than a dozen enemies at once. With three different weapons, the Sword, Dagger, and Bow. There are plenty of ways to take out you enemies , going silent with a knife or bow or just rushing head long into a pack on Orcs. You can then use your wrath powers to stun enemies and unleash a fury of attacks, or shoot an arrow to teleport to your enemy and take him on one on one.The game takes place open world of Mordor, in which you are trying to kill off Orcs and their Captains to get to the top of the tree. Killing Captains will give you runes that you can put on your weapons and skill points which can be used to unlock exciting new skills.If you are a fan of Lord of the Rings or Hobbit franchise and enjoyed the combat from the batman games, then you will love this game from the start to the end, therefore I highly recommend this game for you. Even if you aren't into the franchise of LOTR or The Hobbit, the game is still an amazing game with its appealing graphics, very fun combat and a smooth and beautiful open world."
,Recommended,241930,32686427,Posted: 23 June,all,✪ KarjhE ✪,Pros:+ Story is interesting.+ Combat is fun.+ Graphics are good.+ Map design is good.Cons:- AI can sometimes be stupid
76561198039732569,Recommended,241930,12324285,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Viriatus [Prince],"If Batman - Arkham City, Assassins Creed 2 and The Witcher 2 had a hot, crazy night together, ME-SoM would be their spawn."
,Recommended,241930,12602762,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Moiderah,"Orc Murder Simulator 2014 is a game that's centered around killing orcs. That's the vast majority of Orc Murder Simulator 2014, and pretty much everything revolves around the Murder of Orcs in this Simulator from 2014.Jokes aside, this game wound up being surprisingly good. The nemesis system, despite sounding like a gimmick, wound up being an extremely impressive, and occasionally downright personal, part of gameplay. I can tell vast tales of the clashes I've had with other orcs, the battles and attacks that I've suffered and caused, but that would take time away from the review.Let's just say it's a system that uses randomized orcs, gives them interesting characteristics and has the orcs give you lines depending on how you've interacted with them in the past, how you meet them in the present, and how they expect you in the future. I've had many orcs mock the sheer absurd number of times I've died. There was one who asked if my brains were scrambled, since, and I quote, ""Every time you've fought me, you've died!"" It's an incredibly deep and impressive system, and one I'd love to see in more games.Combat-wise, this game is essentially ArkhamAslysassin's Creed, but it does that well, too. The combat is responsive, the bouncing between orcs mid-fight feels incredibly good, the animations are top-notch in quality, and the brutality of the combat lends itself a kind of weight to the fights. It's all really smooth and fun.In terms of challenge, the game also requires the player not just rush in and fight. It's certainly possible, it's just not a very good idea, and the player WILL be overwhelmed if they don't retreat when he or she needs to. It necessitates proper planning, stealth and scouting. The player can look over the landscape, see if there's a more powerful orc in the midst, and make sure they finish their objective/grab their collectibles/do whatever without being terribly murdered.Actually, that's something else to discuss. When you die, the game doesn't just reset your progress. The orc that murdered you, if it's a grunt, will get promoted to a captain, and the side-missions will progress without you. It's a great way to give a price to death, and an even better way to have the orcs remember you when you die. Just makes me love the game that much more.The story is essentially ""Middle Fanfiction: Shadow of Headcanon"". It's not super-great. The voice-acting and production values are high, but I didn't care too much about Gruffy McGravellyvoice and his Elven Stand. I cared much more about Ratbag (Who was funny up until his face was rearranged) and Torvin, and the ending was kind of garbage. But in the end if you're playing this game for the written-story you're missing the point.On the technical side of things, I've experienced a few slowdowns but that's probably because my CPU is getting old and needs better cooling. It will set your game to some settings that are optimal for your machine, and I had zero problems running it at 60. There shouldn't be too many issues.Overall, the game is great. It plays great, it runs pretty damn well, and it has one of the most impressive mission-framing-mechanics I've witnessed. I want more games like this."
,Recommended,241930,12308265,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Spooky Johnners,Took 15 hours to download. Still not sure if it was worth the wait.EDIT: was worth the wait
,Recommended,241930,18155407,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,[SPG] ProfessorShanks,"├Professors Review┤Overall Score55/100Game Pros• Smooth Gameplay• Skill tree/upgrades• Tons of enemies• Enemies have progression depending on their skill• Gives a solid 20 hours of story gameplay• Beautiful map design and artwork• Solid balance between stealth and actionGame Cons• Anticlimactic ""Big"" battles• Controls can feel weird at times• Repetative• No motive to continue story. You get to a point where you just kill a bunch of enemies then stop playingRelateable Games• Batman• Assasins CreedConclusionShadow of Mordor is like the child of Batman Arkham Asylum, and Assasins Creed. If you like fighting hordes of enemies, and look cool while doing it, get this game for sure. No doubt. Although the story can be boring at times, it'll be compensated with a execution attacks, and the satisfaction of destorying a group of 50 orcs all by yourself.(If you found this review helpful, consider giving it a thumbs up!)"
76561198148718251,Recommended,241930,32708493,Posted: 23 June,all,R A N T A U,"> Started playing> HA, these Uruks are way too easy> They keep coming back alive trying to take revenge> I still win but the fun has just begun> Finally, a worthy opponent> Invulnerable to stealth, combat and finisher, and ranged, doesn't like losing, can detect hiding enemies, heals overtime, beast expert, and can run fast as ♥♥♥♥> FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU> spends the next few days plotting against that piece of work9/10 would kill thousands of orcs"
76561198201126374,Recommended,241930,32888620,Posted: 27 June,all,PhonoBlade,"This game is amazing. Not perfect, but amazing. At the very beginning of the game, you are given a count of all the warchiefs and captains to eliminate. However, the way you actually eliminate them is completely up to you. Are you going to straight up brawl the warchief and kill him, or will you go the more stealthy approach and assassinate him when he's not looking? The power is given to the player, and that's what I love so much about this game. There is also the choice of branding the target you are about to assassinate later in the game, turning the enemies in the game against each other. This machanic is very cool for it allows battles not only to be fought by you, but your ""army"" as well.There are some problems with this game however, I play this game with a controller. Much like in games like Assassin's Creed, you will often find yourself jumping onto the wrong wall or pillar when parkouring. Tailion is also (in my opinion) not a very dynamic character. He relies mostly on his emotions and seems very much like Connor from Assassin's Creed 3. He seems to have very little charisma or any diversity in emotion. In other words, he is angry most of the time. What Talion lacks however, is what the other characters in the game fulfills. Most of side characters in Shadow of Mordor are very dynamic. Some are downright hilarious and made me smile in this bleak world ruled by Orcs.Overall, this game is fun, and filling in my opinion to the average gamer. I will also be looking forward to their next title, Shadow of War with very high expectations. This game has shown what it means to make good open world stealth game."
,Recommended,241930,32751170,Posted: 24 June,all,iambear.,Assassin's Creed: Mordor
76561198029736632,Recommended,241930,12298798,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,§Teras§,"Best game I've played this year so far! It has a mix of combat between AC and Batman and it's gory as hell. The story, to the point I have played, seems pretty interesting and the orcs have great personality! The world is beautiful and it feels alive and very Middle-earthish. Well, SoM is an excellent game and I couldn't be happier with my pre-order!*Review Update:I took about 10 hours to complete the story mode with lots of side-quest and collectables unattended. The game lets you continue from where you stopped if you want to achieve 100%. I also began to do the Trials, and I have to say something... They're pretty hard! An amount of time is given and you have to face the captains and warchiefs in that time. The story of the game is well-paced and it gives you a good ending, suggesting a sequel (and gosh, I hope they make one!).Overall, I had an amazing experience with this game, and would definitely recommend to anyone!P.S. I met a warchief called Blob the Cooker. I throwed him in the fire and then he ran away. 2spicy4u, Cooker! 12/10 GotY"
,Recommended,241930,25192061,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dapper Dan,"It’s been said once, and I’ll say it again. We need a middle ground between yes and no for recommending games in reviews. This game is fun if you’re into the whole mindless slog of being able to kill entire garrisons with just two buttons.Shadow of Mordor suffers from the same illness that seems to plague most games of this genre these days. That is, it gets easier as you continue to play. All the nifty tricks you unlock eventually make you into a fighter capable of making the big bad bosses of Mordor into your ♥♥♥♥♥.Which isn’t completely awful. There is some fun to be had annihilating strongholds; stealthily killing and branding Uruks until all that’s left is dead bodies and turncoat Uruks.If you’re a Lord of the Rings fan, Its neat that it talks about the creation of the rings, but it also completely rewrites the story of Celebrimbor’s involvement. That’s some heavy-duty nerd♥♥♥♥♥♥that will only bother the die-hards, though.While it may be a bit mindless, it does what it sets out to do and does it correctly. If you enjoyed the Assassin’s Creed games, you’d like this."
76561198033477814,Recommended,241930,13275355,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Eskimo,"It's like Batman arkham asylum and Assassin's creed had a baby.If you are a fan of those games, and the Tolkien universe.Then this is the game for you.I personally feel like this game lived up to my expectations.I was a little sceptical at first, because it looked too much like Assassin's creed.But when you actually play the game, you forget all about it.Pros:+ Astonishing graphics+ Counter Combat system+ Stealth mode+ Gollum... Do i need to say more?+ Detailed environment+ Wraith mode+ Photo mode+ Cape Physics+ Nemesis system+ Look mom, i can make a frontflip!Cons:- An Uruk threw his spear into a cliff and it killed me, apparently- I insta killed a warchief with stealth- Boss fights are way too easyIt's easy to say that this game has slowly become one of my favorite games of 2014.Apart from the random spear kill, i really loved this game.I give this title a 8/10 (9/10 if that spear didn't hit me)"
,Recommended,241930,12323905,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,KaZumaTree,"+ Perfect for fans of Arkham-based combat.+ All about killing orcs.+ Nemesis system that encourages personal vendettas vs orcs that simply wont die, or ""feeding"" yourself to a certain Orc to grow his power until you brand him and take over, play orcs vs orcs in power struggles, being the shadow that controls it all...+ High production values, excellent voice-acting, expansive character and art direction for the orcs.+ Properly difficult, for once.+ Very well optimized, and even on ""Medium"" settings its a jaw-dropper.- Those who dislike Arkham's combat wont like this game.- all about killing orcs, and nothing else.- Story is ""okay"", with an almost-forced references to LOTR in places.- Difficult enough that it can turn off many folk who simply hate dying to orcs, even when its a valid part of the game- Overblown displayed system requirements for ""Ultra"" have negatively impacted the perception of the game, even when Medium and High is more than enough even for graphical fidelity afficionados.IN SHORT: A Lord Of The Rings game that not only does not suck, but is a GOTY 2014 contender. Worth the asking price and then some :D"
76561197972258172,Not Recommended,241930,12877080,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"I don't really know what to say about this game. I played for nearly 20 hours, and it certainly didn't feel like 20 hours, but I'm not sure whether that's because I was having so much fun, or because there's not actually that much to do before you find yourself rinsing, repeating, and killing killing killing your way to the end.There's really 2 halves to the game - the half where you grasp the controls and prance around a rocky, muddy wasteland slaying anything that moves and indulging 2 or 3 types of missions; and the half where you prance around a rocky, verdant meadow slaying or brainwashing anything that moves and indulging 2 or 3 different types of missions.To be fair, I did enjoy myself for a large part. But it was upon staring slackjawed at the screen as the woefully anticlimactic final boss fight came and went in about 45 seconds (no, I am not exaggerating) that I realised that this game introduced one interesting game mechanic, rehashed a number of established mechanics (albeit well enough to make them functional and fun) and then offered nothing else other than a sandbox with which to exercise these abilities for as long as it took you to turn yourself to the main story. Which would be FINE if the story had a satisfying conclusion, or the sandbox didn't feel so much like a literal pit within which the developers had simply thrown some enemies leaving a lot of empty space with little else filling the gaps.I sound confused because I am. Monolith make well-designed and fun games, and Shadow of Mordor is both those things. But given that the review that convinced me to buy it stated that 'no-one could feel short-changed with the amount of content on offer', I felt remarkably short-changed. The Nemesis system is fantastic, there is no denying that, and it offers some of the most genuinely intelligent and dynamic enemies in gaming history. It truly is a gaming milestone. However, nearly everything else about the game comes from somewhere else - the parkour was better used in Assassin's Creed, the combat is straight from the Arkham series, the mission structures are ripped from nearly every open-world game in existence, the skill trees are old, the XP system is old, and on top of all that the enemies are practically deaf and blind...And it's this lack of true depth that left me feeling like the purchase wasn't worth my money. By the time I had finished playing, I felt like I had explored everything this game had to offer, and there was no reason for me to return. I didn't DISLIKE my time, but I didn't feel compelled to play again.I suppose I have been spoiled, because I bought Alien: Isolation at around the same time, and that's a game that left me feeling like I could play again and have an entirely different experience a second time around. I paid almost the same amount of money for this as I did that, and I don't think I'll go back again, which feels like a waste - like buying an $80 proof of concept.In that way, I feel that Shadow of Mordor is like the first Assassin's Creed in that it introduces a fantastic concept (in this case, the Nemesis system), but the game itself exists only as a framework for that concept, and offers little else that the player can't get elsewhere. The issues I have are the same as with Infamous: Second Son, for those of you that have played: The MEAT, the things that you are actually given to do, all fall within 2 or 3 different categories, and all those categories involve killing a bunch of enemies that are fundamentally the same, and as such the environment becomes little more than a set of boundaries within which you can kill these nameless creatures, and your character becomes little more than a tool with which to kill.There are open-world games, and there are open world games. Games like GTA IV keep me coming back because every time I play I can turn a corner and find something new. The beauty of the first two Arkham games was that the city itself had such personality that there was always something to see for those who cared to look. Unfortunately, I feel that Shadow of Mordor falls into an increasingly large pile of games that have a lot of style and little substance. Which is a shame because there is so much right about the game - the characters are great, the animations are wonderful, the voice acting is excellent, the action is gory and adult, the Nemesis system is truly a step forward, and the LOTR lore is explored in a really engaging way. However, after a short time the game feels repetitious, the environments feel big and empty, and the story ends as if the writer fell off a cliff mid-sentence and someone had to smash together what they thought the ending was supposed to be.I'd love to recommend this game, especially as it is evident a lot of money and hard work went into its creation, and for a cheaper price I absolutely would. But for the good of the consumer, I can't recommend it for full price - if this game were a bag of chips, the product would be delicious, but the contents would be mostly air."
,Recommended,241930,30480588,Posted: 12 March,all,₫ ₰ _ХƭŘėMэЯ,"COPIED FROM YOUTUBE COMMENTS, User Name: XACKADEUnique stories from the Nemesis system.I knew a guy. Norsko. 'The Rat', they called him. Rats run, but not Norsko. No, Norsko was a fighter. A good one.First Uruk to send me to the grave, he was. I was young and foolish, testing my strength against whoever I could find. Then he appears, a name. The first one I've faced. Adrenaline pumping, I take him on. He's good, but I can match him. But then my inexperience starts to show. I'm surrounded. More captains show up. I thought I was invincible. Norsko showed me I was wrong.A lot of promotions were handed out that day. Ranks changed hands. It's funny how a body can carry more weight when dead. Norsko got the brunt of the appraise and applause. He took a step forward, gloating the whole time. I didn't like that. At all.I rose from the dead, blood boiling. I wanted revenge so badly. I hunted Norsko down and tried to kill him. Instead I found out how much revenge can cost.I was slowly learning that Norsko got stronger everytime he killed me. More powerful in more than just rank. My determination to kill him never wavered and eventually I got my wish. It took time, another captain getting a lucky shot in, a lot of orc corpses and a few of my own but I did it. His power level was 9 and I made sure he never saw double digits first-hand. Norsko was no more.Or so I thought.Somehow, he didn't die. I was running free sometime later, already forgotten him when he attacked me. Suprise and shock were the brothers by my side as I read that dreaded name. I didn't understand it. It must be a error. So I decided to debug it and once again teach Norsko how much better off he was when his head departed his shoulders.But it didn't end. He appeared again sometime after that. He was more powerful and had a poisoned mace. His presence certainly felt like poison. And his taunts always beat themselves into my skull. Norsko would not die, even when I killed him. This time he was better of us. I ran. Since then I could only watch as he lived on, bearing the scars of our history as his power increased. One day, there she stood. Mightiest of the captains yet not even a warchief. Power level 20.Skirmish after skirmish and we learned to stop killing each other; he couldn't manage it and I didn't want to. Truth be told, I was proud of him. We'd both made it as far as we had by killing each other. If there was a chance that we could break the cycle, killing Norsko for good, it would wait. Norsko was an enemy worth fighting. A rival to wrestle with. A foe to give battle purpose. He was my nemesis.It was sadly not to last. I had only started killing warchiefs when it happened. Norsko was my dear Ratbag the Coward's bodyguard so there was even some tactical worth in keeping him alive at this point. Naturally it was entirely my concern when a duel was struck up between him and some level 8 trash. I forget the whelp's name as he was not even worth remembering. We shall call him Morgul. I do recall that he was known as 'Map Bearer'.I decided to take part in watching this bloodbath. Perhaps I shouldn't have. We'd always cursed each other, but I never wanted this. I expected Norsko to triumph easily, as he should. He wasn't unstoppable, as I knew firsthand, but there was no enemy who'd made the progress he had. It should have gone to him. But life isn't fair.The poisoned mace was a pretty thing, but when you aren't as fast as a Ranger, it's sadly ineffective against a shield and trident. As I watched I realised that Norsko was losing. At once I felt a need to protect my personal villain from an ungainly death. I resolved to step in and save his life if he should reach critical levels. It was a decision made too late and too indecisively. Even as I steeled myself to interfere, Morgul jabbed with such ferocity that he wiped Norsko's health out from over the halfway point.In one single blow, Norsko was gone. For good this time. His position wouldn't be redeemed through his animated corpse it would be stolen by this 'Morgul Map Bearer' who I had known for all of two missions. It was unjust. It was unworthy. I should have been the one to kill him. It should have been a fight with grandeur and closure. It should have been our personal showdown after all we'd been through where I finally put him in his place and proved to him that we were no longer equals and we never would be again.But that right was lost in this single accidental moment of weakness. It would not be unpaid for.I leapt from my perch and in the single push of a button, in a single flash of my blade, I cut Morgul Map Bearer's throat, killing him at once. It wasn't fair to have his rightful victory snatched from him, but after watching an unknown fool kill my longtime nemesis I was in no mood to discuss injustice. As his life slipped away I whispered to him: ""Norsko would never have fallen to that."" It's true. He was immune to stealth.I looked down upon the miserable faces of the two dead Uruk who had come here to contest each other, willing to take on the risk of death, even if it meant no longer fighting the people they truly hated and I realised, as their followers fled the scene and as I stood there in the middle of it all, collecting their final runes to remember them by, nobody was happy. Nobody left that day with a warm heart and a smiling face.Was it worth it? Should I have done that?I may never make up my mind on any of it save for one detail. Nobody in all of Mordor - in all of Middle Earth - will ever match the glory of my one true nemesis.Farewell, Norsko the Rat."
,Recommended,241930,16003935,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Tom,"I haven't played big AAA game in a long while, so I had to shift my gears a little in this one. This is a game I had actual had on pre order, but have only just got round to playing. I will put it right out there....why on earth did I wait this long to play?The movement mechanics are very much similar to that of Assassins Creed, the free running and parkour style jumps are done to perfection, and you won't find another game that does them any better. The combat system is again, similar to another game series, Batman Arkham, again, there is nothing wrong with that, because the Arkham combat is one of the best, if not the best style of combat system around. Simple to grasp controls and easy enough to master.Some of the graphics on show here are some of the best I have seen, I can see why the game is 42GB, as the textures you can push out of this are sublime, I was able to get some absolutely gorgeous screenshots that you could quite easily think were real (except maybe the ones with Sauron in the background).This is essentially an open world RPG game, you roam around middle-earth carrying out the main story, finding collectables, completing side quests, and boosting your starts and abilities. This is my favourite genre of game, and all of the features on show are all done to perfection. SoM offers a new game mechanic in the form of the Nemesis system, this allows you to form rivalries with orc leaders and warchiefs, if they kill you, they will gain power and possibly a higher rank, which really sucks you into the immersiveness of the game because after you have been killed a few times by one of the leaders, you REALLY want to take him out as his remarks get sassier and sassier each time you fight him.Shadow of Mordor is actually quite a challenging game, I found myself to be on the receiving end of quite a few beatings at times, some missions, even the early ones, required a lot of thought and consideration into I would complete them, especially the stealth objectives. Of course the swarms and swarms of orcs can sometimes become overwhelming at times, but being realistic, it probably would do if that were to actually happen...I have put about 24 hours into this game over the course of a few days, I have completed the main story, and almost all of the side missions, collectibles and rewards, to me that is a lot of content on offer, almost looking at £1 an hour, which to me, is a fair price.Considering how graphically and resource demanding this game is, I had no technical issues what so ever, and at times I was even playing with upwards of about 90 FPS, which is amazing.For me, this is the best game I have played this year, and if I had played it when it was released, it would of easily of been my Game of the Year. I cannot recommend Shadow of Mordor enough, you should all pick it up and play through it regardless of whether you like Lord of the Rings or not. This will go down as one of the classics of our generation.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/241930/"
,Recommended,241930,12298192,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,[Ω] Pace Wolf,"Thoroughly surprised. Actually yelled ""This is awesome""Auto-detected almost everything at ultra on my HD7970 (obviously not textures), looks good, sounds great, and controls work very well with mouse and keyboard for those of you rightly worried about console port issues.This has been a bad year for games on pc, this is not one of them.Edit: The dialog, the cutscenes and story quests really immerse you in the land of Mordor. The game doesn't start you off easy and then increase the difficulty, this is a single ranger in the black lands. Often I find myself taking a wrong turn into an army of orcs and having to either flee for my life or fight to the death. Very well done so far in."
76561198217888471,Recommended,241930,25551394,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,kirayama08,"Boromir was wrong, One does simply walk,and kicking asses, into mordor"
,Recommended,241930,19169070,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,VandeGarde,I waited 'till I played a few hours before posting this review. I find myself coming back to this game every few weeks since I bought it almost a year ago. It's the best hack & slash game I've got and I've got a few. Very satisfying and the game mechanics couldn't be better. If they could do this with Battman and the Assassin's Creed series......well.....your social life would be ruined and you wouldn't give a damn. The gameplay is so smooth you realy feel like you're in the middle of things. It's realy amazing and it runs fine on older pc's. If other gaming companies would implement this type of fighting in their games.....every gamer's wet dream. The mechanics would be great for a lot of Marvell Super heroes games. I'm wondering why they're not out there. I would play each and every one of them and I know for sure that all you serious gamers out there would be dying to join in.Shadow of Mordor's fighting mechanics should be a standard for these kind of games today. There's nothing bettter out there at this moment. Very good game and worth your time and money.
,Recommended,241930,12840015,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Proj3ct Katana,"If Batman ever decided to take up arms and kill people. He'd nickname himself Talion. I dropped poison in uruks beverages, threw knives like Batarangs, even made 4 uruks out of a group of 5 turn around and beat the hell out of the 1 remaining uruk then I walked away without looking back like a boss. 10/10"
76561198068572132,Recommended,241930,12615194,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Tribble,"I met an orc. He said no matter what, even if it cost him his life, he would kill me. I then rode a monster and ate him.12/10 Would buy again"
76561198091416352,Recommended,241930,23975031,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Inquisitor,Thumbs up for the Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor 2!
76561198072047012,Recommended,241930,17303419,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,BlakLite,"On the surface, this game comes across as a competent but somewhat uninspired combination of Arkham-style brawling and a mix of stealth mechanics and freedom of movement reminiscent of Assassin's Creed. Fluid animations and appropriately responsive controls ensure that these basic mechanics do their job effectively, but they're just the glue holding together a much more interesting whole. This game is all about the Nemesis System. It's about the rivalries you form with Captains and Warchiefs as you fight them, exploit their weaknesses, defeat them, and/or get killed by them. It's about grooming and getting to know the Orcs you've brainwashed as they rise through the ranks of Sauron's army. It's about the wonderful amount of freedom as you toy and experiment with the system, ruining Sauron's day one dead/terrified/enslaved Orc at a time.I beat the story dozens of hours ago, and yet I've kept coming back. With over 300 hours logged, I still find things that keep me interested. Whether it's deliberately allowing a weak Captain to seize power, finding new ways to torment my enemies, or meticulously building up my own army of Orc sleeper agents, I've always found something to do.To provide an example of what sets this game apart, let me tell you the story of a Hunter Captain by the name of Makû the Wicked.One day, I was casually sneaking and murdering my way through the Nûrnen Fishery. I scouted out a couple of Captains in the area, among which was Makû. From the intel I gathered earlier, Makû could be damaged by stealth attacks, but wouldn't necessarily die instantly from one. Among his other traits were Fear of Burning and Throat Grab. At this point I had learned that Uruks apparently can't swim, as knocking them off of a cliff or dock into the water would kill them instantly. When planning out how to kill Makû, I remembered that stealth-killing an Uruk from a ledge involves stabbing him in the gut, then pulling him over the edge. I reasoned that, if I hit Makû with a stealth attack from a ledge hanging over the water, I would be able to finish him off by pulling him into the abyss.I chose to kill Makû from a ledge of an octagonal platform near the northernmost point of the fishery. I carefully combined my Attract ability with well-timed ledge kills to clear out the nearby soldiers who might witness the murder. Then I proceeded to do the same to Makû. Once he got close enough to the edge, I reached up and sunk my dagger into his belly. Just when I thought I was about to pull him into his watery grave, he did something I never anticipated. With my dagger still embedded in his gut, he reached down with one hand and lifted me up by my throat so that my head was level with his. For about a second or two, I found myself struggling against his grasp, before he theatrically dropped me into the sea below. It was at this moment that I learned that I was just as water-soluble as the Uruks. And so, with a single motion, Makû killed me and rose in the ranks.It just so happened that my opportunity for revenge came in the form of a feast that he was holding with his followers, presumably to celebrate my defeat and his promotion. Upon arriving at the feast, I made haste in finding and poisoning a barrel of Grog, just barely avoiding detection. From the cover of a nearby bush, I watched in sadistic glee as Makû and his lackeys gathered and took hearty swigs of the stuff I had laced. Makû was the first to feel the effects, as he and others began violently regurgitating. The poison harmed him, but he was left alive to engage in the brawl that ensued as the Uruks blamed each other for my trick. Not wanting my kill to be stolen, I shot an arrow at the poisoned grog, alighting Makû and his troops in the resulting explosion. Thanks to his fear of being burned alive, Makû immediately fled in terror, cutting through the camp of confused Uruks. Unfortunately for him, he mistakenly ran next to one of the campfires, which I happily detonated to slow him down. The effort was not enough, as Makû continued to flee and jumped down a nearby ledge, right next to yet another campfire for me to ignite him with. I did so, and was finally able to catch my prey. I decided to seize the opportunity to use Makû to gain intel on one of the other captains that had shown up while I was busy being dead, so I dominated Makû, learned what I wanted, and chose to kill him.However, that is not the end. At the time, I didn't yet have the Brand ability, and choosing to kill a dominated Captain doesn't make his head burst as it does with a soldier. So, despite having been stabbed, poisoned, set on fire three consecutive times, and undergone having his mind forcefully opened with Wraith magic, Makû still managed to survive. Not long after the incident at the feast, I was out and about, casually fighting some Uruks when one of my attacks was suddenly and unexpectedly blocked by Makû's spear. His once dark gray skin had now turned a pale, splotchy gray-and-white. He greeted me by hissing about how his burns still hurt, and hinting at his anticipation of living up to his title, ""the Wicked"". Sadly, this story now came to a close, as the brief scuffle that followed ended with Makû's head rolling in the mud.That'swhat this game is about."
,Recommended,241930,12334439,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Jam,"Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor follows a ranger named Talion stationed at the Black Gate, which soon becomes overrun with orcs as Sauron makes his return. Talion dies in the conflict, but due to a blood ritual is unable to pass on and instead merges with a wraith named Celebrimbor. This ""brings him back to life"", so to speak, and sets him on a path of vengeance to kill The Black Hand of Sauron for reasons I won't spoil. (It happens right at the beginning, but still!)The story is not the game's strong point. In fact, Tolkien purists will be mostly upset with it, especially with any events relating to the Second Age, due to the developers taking some ridiculous dramatic liberties with the source material. Gollum is also randomly squeezed in and plays a surprisingly sizeable part in the story. Even Saruman is briefly up to no good with yet another possession of a monarch, though he does not ever appear directly. Both of these sort of scream 'fan service' to me, but whatever, I rolled with it. It's still an enjoyable story, just not as much as it could be.This is fine, however. Not every game needs a good story if it has the game mechanics to back it up, and Shadow of Mordor has those in spades.First of all: the Nemesis system. Never have I seen something quite like the Nemesis system in a game of this genre. It is absolutely fantastically designed. It is a dynamic AI system that populates the world with a hierarchy of orc war chiefs and captains who freely roam around the map taking part in their own missions to gain power, and in the case of captains, move further up the hierarchy. Each of them comes with a long list of strengths and weaknesses that change how you fight them completely every single time. One might be resistant to all forms of attack, but has a fear of mounted beasts. So, you mount up atop a caragor beast, which you can find trapped within cages or freely roaming the wilds, and chase that cowardly orc captain down as he runs from you in abject terror. Others require that you kill them with stealth takedowns or combat finishers or any other of the dozen or so options due to most of them having immunities and strengths to counter you.As you progress further in the game and unlock more abilities, you will find more and more ways to fight your enemy and mess with the system, such as branding war chiefs and captains, commanding them to betray each other or aid you in the assassination of other captains, or instead you can send them death threats which will dramatically increase their power ratings, reducing their weaknesses and increasing their strengths for the chance of better loot. This is almost essential as war chiefs recruit captains to be their personal bodyguards, which will often turn a one on one fight into a one on five, unless you use the Nemesis system to your advantage. You can even brand captains mid-combat to turn them against their war chiefs right in the thick of it, which is something that can quickly turn the tide of a battle that is proving overwhelming (and many of them will).The war chiefs and captains are captivating. They are ALL fully voiced with their own personalities, names and unique appearances. There is an endless supply of them due to the random generation, but it is so well designed. Every time you run into one, a small cutscene plays as they howl some insult at you or personal challenge in their grotesque yet strangely loveable accents. They also react to and remember past events. If you beat one to near death and he escapes, he will remember the next time you meet and angrily comment on it or any facial scars you gave him.Another cool feature is the way death is handled. Because you’re a wraith, you can’t truly die, you just revive at a nearby tower. However, if an orc kills you, he will be promoted. This includes the lowly grunts, who will receive promotions to captain if they succeed at finishing you off. This means that with every death, your enemy gets stronger. If you run into a captain or war chief who is too difficult for you, he is just going to keep getting stronger and stronger. This can also turn certain orcs into your nemesis (can also happen if you beat a captain and they survive their injuries), which will power them up even further. They will also actively hunt you down while you’re minding your own business and attempt to kill you. This can be used to your advantage however, as the more power an enemy has, the better and higher level the loot they drop will be.The combat. It is an identical system to what the Arkham games have, BUT I found it to be an even more satisfying and seamless experience when going from move to move (mostly thanks to being able to cancel any animation at any time), and also better animated, if you can believe that. There are a variety of executions and takedowns that, though I saw them repeating often, I never tired of. Some of these are things of gory beauty. Orc heads flinging all over the place as you blink around with Shadow Strike (a move that allows you to aim your bow and teleport next to your target) executing enemy after enemy, with most of them running in horror before your terrifying wraith powers, becomes a very common and satisfying sight. You are equipped with a sword, a bow and another sword, but with a broken blade which Talion uses as a dagger for stealth kills, and each of them can be upgraded with runes, which provide decent and varied buffs to your attacks. You eventually also unlock throwing knives, which can be used to keep an attack chain going, but are also surprisingly deadly at times. Outside of weapons, there are a surprising number of ways to distract your enemies. You can drop fly nests on top of them which will send them fleeing, explode campfires or barrels, poison containers of grog to kill them or fight amongst themselves, free caragor beasts (wargs) to wreak havoc (and even brand and mount them), stealthily brand enemies and then order them to turn on the others, and more. All of this combined with the fact that there are often dozens upon dozens of enemies on screen at once, with the chance of other wild animals jumping into the action at any time, results in dynamic, chaotic and thrilling battles.There are a decent number of missions here. The ones related to the story are interesting, but nothing special and the side missions are more like challenges than anything else. However, they all mix in with the Nemesis system in some way or another, which is enough to keep them exciting and worth doing. There are also missions called Power Struggles, which involve orc captains attempting to increase their own power and get promoted, whether it be challenging other captains to duels, finding new recruits for themselves, holding a feast in celebration of their accomplishments or a variety of other things. You have the choice of helping them succeed, to make them more powerful or to help an orc under your control gain a promotion, or intervene to prevent them from becoming a powerful enemy.Overall, I’d say the game will last you roughly 15 – 20 hours or maybe even 30 hours if you do everything and mess around with the Nemesis system. If you just rush the story and consider yourself done, then it’ll only last 6-10 hours, but I don’t recommend this.Even without the Nemesis system this would be a great game of mashed up ideas from other franchises, but with it, it becomes something special. Everything is built around this AI system and tied together so well and it provides a near endless cycle of content. Expect to see something similar to it popping up in future titles. It is without a doubt an innovative idea.For the time being, Shadow of Mordor is my favourite game of the year. I was very sceptical of it at first, but I’m so glad I bought it. It was a crazy ride.Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,241930,33647079,Posted: 19 July,all,Heaven Eyes,"If Assassin's Creed and The Witcher had a baby, it would look like this.12/10"
,Recommended,241930,12383994,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,HulkHawk,"This game is probably the most underrated game of 2014. Is it like Batman Arkham and Assassins Creed? Yes, but those are not bad things at all and the game still manages to keep its identity.You play as Talion, a ranger of the black gate guarding Mordor, when your wife and child are tragically murderd (not a spoiler, since its the very first thing that happens in the game). Talion is left for dead but is strangely revived and bonded to a powerful wraith spirit. The two try to find out the past memory of the wraith (who has lost it) and gain revenge on those who killed thier familes and denied them death. The story (which I havent finished yet) is very very good so far. Its not a Bioschock or Last of Us story, but it will definitly keep your attention.My favorite part of the game, however, is the combat. At first its actually very difficult to fully grasp, but in about 2-3 hours of play you will have it down. The combat is like Batman, but much more bloody and violent (which I love) The Uruks (or Orcs) are all procedurally generated, meaning each one has a name, a personality and a list of strengths and weaknesses. Think Watch Dogs and the citizens in that game. The cool part however is the nemesis system which is something I've never really seen before.OK, imagine you are in battle and you begin to lose the fight, and you are killed by a random NPC. In most games nothing would happen, but in this that random NPC will now level up and become a captain. When you are revived you can try to exact revenge, but if you are killed again, then he rises in the ranks again and so on and so forth. You will eventually find yourself building personal vendetta's and rivalies with different Uruks. The Uruks will even remember you the last time and with sometimes have scars that you gave them in a past encouter. This system is unique, fun and challeging and will certainly get you addicted to killing Uruks fast.The Open world is not the biggest, but you wont really mind all that much. The game is split up into two seperate maps, one being the ""ugly"" dead looking part of Mordor. And the other being the much greener and brighter side of Mordor. The graphics are absolutly stunning and the architecture of the Uruk strongholds is really something to marvel at.I havent even really scratched the surface of this game and I could tell you much more, but I'm currently suffering withdrawls from not playing the game right now, so I must go. But seriously, buy this game now, like RIGHT NOW, im not kidding.9.4/10"
,Recommended,241930,12510941,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,sips,You know how it's awesome in Lord of the Rings when Aragorn is fighting like a million orcs at the same time without a worry in the world? Well that happens a lot in this game.
,Recommended,241930,30224629,Posted: 27 February,all,Howlux,"A FEW FACTS1. If you real fan Lords of Rings, this game for you. You can't miss this game2. WB Games. This guys really make cool games.3. Enjoyable battle system.4. Stealth is well designed and enjoyable to sneak up behind and kill the enemyGood story, open world, and much more is waiting for you there"
,Recommended,241930,15591751,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"Really enjoyed this game. Finished the story, I'd say the Bright Lord DLC is also a part of the story, a bit of a prelude to the Shadow of Mordor. Certainly one you wouldn't want to miss.-If you're familiar with Assassin's Creed or Batman, you won't even have to get used to the controls, with a few slight differences, it's practically the same. This game's also free roam with missions. Which is nice.So you can basically start off the game doing anything; start off with the main quest line, or just walk around a bit, find some sidequests, fight some uruks, do that roaming around thing.Levelling up seems to depend on power to get new skills, and killing chiefs to get weapon runes. Also has a type of ""currency"" for passive skills; you can either destroy weapon runes for this, or just do sidequests and missions.It's rather interesting that enemy chiefs can increase their power over time just the same, so you could search for a powerful chief, but you could also help them a bit with their rise to power, before striking them down. More than 1 way to get more power and better runes. Since you're immortal anyway, you could even just let them win for a while, time will pass when you're defeated, but the hero returns. Which is an interesting added mechanic.The looks of the game are grand, for a 40GB game, it better be. But that's not all; the animations are impressive too, everything flows quite nicely. From combat to cutscenes to the landscapes and creatures, it all looks quite grand and detailed.The story... well, c'mon now, this is Middle Earthen stuff, y'know, Lord of the Rings, there's a whole series of books on the story, what more is there to tell?In this game the story seems to revolve around finding out Celebrimbor's past, fighting the black hand, and of course figuring out how to end Talion's curse. Some interesting twists here and there.Anyway, if you enjoy Lord of the Rings, you might just love the fact you actually cán simply walk around in Mordor...Things I found particularly amusing was the ""Nemesis system""; having 'unique' chiefs as enemies, and the way the enemy chiefs introduce/announce themselves when they find you.They also remember any previous encounters and change the way they ""greet"" you on later encounters. It's quite amusing.Oh, Sméagul and Gollum are in the game too. And have a surprisingly important role."
76561198082024378,Recommended,241930,22560750,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,TheOnlyFingerman,"I looked down upon the Uruk before me. High atop the tower, the group of 6  Uruk below me was hardly a challenge, my blade was fresh with the blood of 4 captains and dozens of Uruk who fell with them. Still, the group was enticing, I knew more must lay in wait. In my eyes to the right I see a large three clawed symbol. A graug? No, a Dire Caragor.This would be it.I raised my hand high to instantly slaughter the dozen branded Uruk near me hiding in wait. This would be my party and mine alone. I aim my bow and flash a hundred meters to mount the Caragor instantly. I swiftly killed his hunting partners and stomped towards the camp. Just as I swung my sword into the skull of my first victim, I see a small figure shrink back as he runs off into the distance. Quickly I check his face. Kaka Troll-Born. He’s a sniveling little thing. I quickly grab an Uruk out of the 30 that are now around me and ask about his captain.Weaknesses: Fear of Caragors, Vulnerable to Ranged, Vulnerable to Combat Finishers, Vulnerable to Stealth, Clumsy, Fear of Burning.Strengths: Humiliator, Hate of Ghuls, Vault Breaker.His puny skills and weaknesses would make this easy. I took aim at his head, a fully charged shot would make quick work of this. My focus was draining as I held trained on his head. I couldn’t do it. It felt wrong. I shot his foot, sticking him in the ground, and quickly drained the souls of the Uruks around me. I walked over to the sniveling wimp before me, ready to brand him and learn about the warchief above him. No. This would be special. He was tiny, had but a few spears, and inspired almost no emotion whatsoever. He would be my work of art.I left him, and with time his power level raised to 4 for surviving the slaughter I left behind him. With a little more confidence, he challenged another Captain above him. Ukbûk. Power level 11. It would be an execution, I had to stop this. I rode to the site of the battle. Just in time, it was underway. As Ukbûk raised his sword, I let fly an arrow straight to his head.“Invulnerable to Ranged”♥♥♥♥♥♥No matter, this would be tough, but it was worth it if it saved Kaka’s life. I fought long and hard, strategically blowing Kaka away so I wouldn’t so much as draw blood from him. That there was the true challenge, but with time I had taken out every other Uruk, only Kaka stood, his new power level of 5 seemingly bolstering his resolve. I let him strike me down, but twice he refused to kill me. Why was he playing these games? Killing me would surely help his reputation, and I had the feeling he could use it. Finally, he throws a spear and kills me. Power level up. Excellent.The next day he tries to prove his worth by challenging a caragor. He immediately runs screaming. Why was he doing his? Was he trying to overcome his weaknesses? Perhaps. Two arrows and the caragor was dead, and his standing rose. Time and time again, Kaka fought and tooth and nail to be taken seriously by his brethren, and time and time again I was there to help him, and be killed by him soon after him. His power level was nearing 20 now, and the sight of him happy with his followers drinking put a smile on my face. But we weren’t done. It took a constant flow of dead Uruk, but eventually, my child had made it to warchief. Funny how easy it is to get promoted when no one else is alive. I branded 5 of the toughest Uruk and put them around Kaka. My son would be safe with them, until the end was to come.And come it did.I walked into the blue circle. Kaka Troll-Born. Warchief. This would be it. I killed the snipers around the camp and watched my progeny walk onto his turf to defend his honor. I could kill him with one arrow to the head. But that wouldn’t be right. I fought hard, the bodyguards I had posted were tough as nails, none had particularly exploitable weaknesses and had powerful strengths. All 5 kills were massive challenges unto themselves, but I did it. With the camp cleared and his bodyguards, it was only me and Kaka. He goaded me, asked me if I thought this would be any different than the previous times. I took a moment to breathe. I would do it. I steeled myself and fought. I wouldn’t exploit any of his weaknesses. This would be done with honor. Counter, slash, dodge, counter. A wild swing every 5 hits to avoid killing him with a finisher. I would do this right. Finally, Kaka stood before me, health green, on one knee. “Get it over with, Shrakh” he said. I wept a single tear, that my young Uruk had come so far. That my child was the most powerful warchief there was, albeit the only one.And he knew about nothing. None of my help, not the hours I put into his success. He was the favor of the Black Hand certainly. But it was time for it to end. I plunged the sword into his chest, feeling pain in my own chest as I watched him double over in pain. With a quick swing, his head was removed, and an epic rune was there in his place. I stood alone over his body, dead Uruk everywhere around me. But his was the only one that mattered. In my catalog of Sauron’s Army, I saw Kaka’s head there upon the pike. Warchief Kaka lived a long successful life, but he was dead now.I haven’t played the game since."
,Recommended,241930,12315280,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Marshal Monty,"Zugg the Defiler, otherwise known as Zuggy the ♥♥♥♥wit is my current nemesis. I hate him with every fibre of my being. I've shot him in the eye, thrown him in a fire and dropped flies right on his fat head.I hate that prick.10/10"
,Recommended,241930,12298181,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,devour me,"I interrogated an orc to gain Intel on a new low-level captain to hunt from the dozen or so potential targets I had available. I was told he was half way across the map, so I switched my target to someone else.Two minutes later I hear a deafening scream while hiding in the bushes, ""I'VE FOUND YOU!"" The captain whom the orc ratted out had tracked me down, and an intense swordfight ensued. After nearly falling to his sword, I sliced the captain down and defeated his hunting troop.Upon researching his traits, I discovered why he was so far away from his home:""Sneaky: Sometimes shows up unexpectedly.”Yes. This game is the ♥♥♥♥ing best."
76561198092275861,Recommended,241930,32455089,Posted: 15 June,all,Riveldi,"Pretty decent game. Basically a pimped up version of Assassin's Creed, LOTR-themed. The story is decent. The graphics hold up really well for a 3-year old game. It's a pretty dark-toned game, so if that's nothing for you don't buy it. The combat gets better as you progress but still it lacks depth imo. Also more of an adventure game then an RPG. I'd rate it 7.5/10. If you haven't played most of the AC games you'll like this better I think :). Story is around 15hours, but I was satisfied with that. Buy it on sale for $10 bucks and you'll get your money's worth."
,Recommended,241930,28861336,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hakma,You get to kill and dominate the mentally disabled
,Recommended,241930,34067381,Posted: 6 August,all,CorvusCorax,"This game was released just before the Hobbit trilogy concluded with its final (and awful) episode. For me Shadow of Mordor came out completely unexpected and I hated the last movie so much that I did not even want to hear of hobbits, orcs and the One Ring for a while. I gave into temptation during the summer sale as the game's Game of The Year edition was available for a very cheap price (GOTY means DLCs all inclusive, of course).This is a sandbox TPS game where we can freely roam the valleys, hills and outposts of Mordor ridding the world of thousands of orcs. If it is a sandbox you know the drill: shining beacons indicate the availability of a mission which usually begins with a high-quality cutscene with some excellent voice acting. If we are not participating in any quests we can freely move and look for collectibles, complete various challenges and side missions or we can just kill orcs and beasts and save many of our enslaved folks. Similarly to the Assassins' Creed series there are key points where looking around reveals a great part of the map (missions and collectibles included). Here, towers need to be climbed to explore the world.Sometime before The Lord of The RingsThe player assumes the role of Talion, a ranger and protector of Black Gate, who is (along with his wife and child) brutally murdered. An Elven wraith, however, appears and allows Talion to remain in our world. He uses him to find out more of his own background story - since Talion hungers for vengeance he doesn't require much convincing. Since continuing would be a spoiler let's just say we meet some quite well-known characters from the films and  there are some surprises here and there.A mixture of Assassins' Creed and Rocksteady's Arkham gamesSimilarly to Ubisoft's AC series Talion moves very fast and can climb almost anything. Parkouring is extremely fluid and with AC comes, too, a stealth-based approach we can have during our missions. We can assassinate our Uruk targets from above, perform ledge kills and even utilise some well-aimed shots thanks to our bow.As for Arkham: similarly to Batman during combat we keep increasing our streaks up to a point where takedowns are possible. As opposed to the Batman games Talion slashes the orcs with his sword instead of punching them and a takedown is actually a brutal execution. Every mission, found collectible and fight provides us with XP so that we can level up and unlock more abilities (or the better version of an already existing one).Gameplay is excellent and very satisfying: we can teleport to an archer in the distance and get rid of it immediately, mount a wolf-like beast called Caragor and charge into a group of heavy orcs with shields and berserkers. We can also mount giants called Graugs and stomp whoever we find on the fields of Mordor. We can enter into slow-mo and time each and every one of our shots carefully. We can also brand orcs (make them join us) only to unleash them eventually on an approaching group of scouts. The possibilities are almost limitless. If all else fails we can just run away and shoot a barrel or even a campfire near our position. Fly hives and Caragor meat can also act as an excellent trap to confuse our enemy - we can even poison their drinks while having a feast!Warchiefs and the Nemesis systemWe can constantly monitor Sauron's army by looking at a group of captains and warchiefs. Fighting against them (they can appear anywhere on the battlefield) can be considered a boss battle. What makes the game interesting is how we need to investigate and find out of the strengths and weaknesses of all these beasts. This requires capturing and dominating other orcs who can provide us with the necessary intel. Naturally, warchiefs are also leaders but are much stronger so you have 5 only for each map (the story missions are scattered across 2 maps).And here comes the interesting part: you do not need to kill a captain but an Uruk leader can be captured which means he will serve us later on. We can issue a death threat via him and by doing so we can make him duel another captain or even a warchief. But we also have to be very careful: if Talion dies he is resurrected at the closest of his captured towers, however, his enemies gain a level. This includes those leaders who just participated in the battle against you. As they advance they take up their new position in the war room and their previous place introduces new leaders. This is, eventually, how the game punishes us for not being careful. The Nemesis system is the name for the A.I. behind this concept and a separate gameplay mode is available to continue our war efforts against the chiefs as long as we wish to do so.Graphics and what notThe game looks quite good. A free DLC is available for us to set the texture setting to ""Ultra"" (provided our graphics card has 6 GB memory) which gives a more detailed, crispier look to all textures. The most noticeable ones are the rocks and the very cliffside we regularly climb. As mentioned there are 2 maps full of missions: we start in an area most familiar to us from the movies - this section looks grey and almost depressing. The 2nd area contains Mordor's lush fields with lots of green so much so that we find it impossible to believe the area is infested and being taken over by orcs.ConclusionThe game's main story with all its missions and collectibles offers us a satisfying 25-hour long journey. It took me this much to make 100% completion. We have two more campaigns (the DLCs will be reviewed separately) and lots of small DLCs that are mainly there for cosmetics purposes. As mentioned our war effort against the orc leaders can be continued in a separate game mode and we also have some challenges for the same (these are mainly time trials). No wonder some gamers have at least 200-300 hours with the game.Veni, vidi, vici! This is how I felt with the game. I am glad I purchased it waiting for a couple of years so that I could get my hands on the GOTY edition with the base game and all its extra content. If you like sandbox games (for instance, you are fan of the aforementioned Arkham and AC series) then Shadow of Mordor is a must-have."
,Recommended,241930,26543420,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Rah,"This is one beautiful and fun game.The gameplay feels a lot like Assassin Creed with a bit of Batman thrown in. But the combat, which is the most important part of this game is done very well. It feels very satisfying to play and kill Uruks.Controls are solid, and at least with a keyboard and mouse I didn't have to change anything from the default controls.The game beginning is very engaging, but it slows down soon afterwards especially once you get stuck in the side quests, which are not very fun. The main story though is certainly fun, and towards the end it gets even better. The voice acting is top notch, especially for the Bright Lord. The cinematic are done very well and fit well with the game.The game maps are quite small so you will be doing a lot of fighting in the same areas. So it might get a bit repetitive after a few hours into the map. However, the game is paced very well and the frequent unlocks will introduce new concepts and keep things fresh somewhat throughout the game.I get 144+ FPS on my GTX 1080 and i7 4790K, so the game is very well optimised for PC. I think its important to note that from start to end I did not see a single bug or glitch anywhere. Only in the DLC, I saw a minor sound glitch that fixed itself in about 5 seconds.It took me about 30 hours to get everything 100% in the DLC and the main game. Considering I got this at a sale, I feel that I definately got my money's worth. I would highly rate this game even at full price. At the discount it goes to, its almost a steal."
76561198056188611,Recommended,241930,25080482,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Alphatier | IMT,"Well let me put it this way.Pros:-The Story is really good and fun to play.-The funniest midget of all times is in the game.-The characters and the environment are really well done.-When you die or you let time pass, many things change like the power of captains.Cons:-The Slave quests start to annoy you because its always the same routine.-You can literally just run through uruk camps and strongholds to a mission starting point and have like     50 uruks runing after you, then you press ""start mission"" and everybody is gone and you have full health   and ammo again.--------------This game is fun to play with many things to discover. In my opinion it deserves an 8/10.Have fun.Alpha"
76561198005128610,Recommended,241930,30177616,Posted: 25 February,all,the Winter Warlock,"Rating 10/10Well this is a fun game to play when you start getting to know the game. It can seem boring and slow at first, but that's actually good. It's not a high paced game where you have to go through one end of a level to another. It's an open world with different challenges that don't continue the storyline, but can give you XP and money to upgrade before you do hit level that advances the story line.You are in the land of Mordor and you are seeking revenge. This takes place before the rise of Sauron as in Mordor, everything is being built.It would be in your best interest as well to play the DLC content becasue it will help you unlock achievements that are not in the main story.All in all, you visit 2 lands, Mordor and the other Ill keep a surpise, after you compelete half of your storyline quest.So again, great game to play if you are chillaxing and don't want something high paced, and happy ORC hunting.BTW, I am still not finished the game, I am close though. But I felt it was a good time to make a review because I am really enjoying this game.PS. THERE is a HD version of this game which is FREE. Make sure you play that version."
76561197971021986,Recommended,241930,31294274,Posted: 22 April,all,uni1313,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is an action/adventure game in the style of the ‘Batman Arkham Series’ but in the Middle-earth world.You play as a ranger who is possessed by an Elf (how this happens is the story, so no further spoilers in this review). This means you have the powers of a ranger and an Elf.The story is very well told and is a sort of prequel to the Lord of The Rings. In the game, you must complete different quest to follow the story. As I have told the fight system is in the style of the Batman series and is very well done and gives a lot of satisfaction. You play with sword/dagger/bow so you can imagine that the game is very bloody with impressive finishing moves. The more you play and complete quests and tasks the more points and experience you gain to level up your character.The game also has what is called the ‘nemesis system’. This is something unique to this type of game. It means that by the way you play captains and war chiefs (they are bosses in the game) are randomly generated and climb up in the ranks of Sauron’s army. It’s your task to kill them or to turn them over to your side.The graphics, music and sound effects are very impressive. I can confirm that the game supports ultrawide resolutions and the 21:9 aspect ratio. I tested with 2560*1080.In game, everything is 21:9 but the movies are letterboxed.I have bought the premium edition with all the DLC. Having played the DLC I would not recommend buying these separately.I highly recommend this game, it’s a lot of fun and very satisfying to play."
76561198007362344,Recommended,241930,29161444,Posted: 10 January,all,CodeNameAlpha,I've finished this game long time ago. But still coming back sometimes to blow off steam. Combat is just that good.
,Recommended,241930,17361896,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ThatDarnOwl,"This is a hard review for me to write, largely because while Shadow of Mordor is a very innovative game it feels very stuck in traditional sandbox genre conventions.Stylistically the game is very rooted in the Peter Jackson Lord of the Rings movies. From the characters, to the aesthetic of the wraith mode to the landscape of Mordor it's all very familiar if you've watched those movies. In this regard it's a very familiar game to look at, and it's also a very graphically pretty game.In terms of gameplay the game plays very similarly to Assassins Creed and Batman Arkham Asylum. The biggest thing that anyone talks about when it comes to this game is the Nemesis system. In Shadow of Mordor every Orc/Uruk captain has a name, a backstory, a different fighting style and addresses the player differently depending on whether you met them or not. For instance, if you die to a particular captain they not only increase in rank but they point it out if you meet them again. This makes the story seem much more gameplay driven than you're normally used to in sandbox titles. They also have their own political interplay between each other regardless of what the player does to try and influence it. The world feels much less static than the vast majority of sandbox games as a result.Indeed all of this stuff is great. However my biggest problem with the game is it feels trapped trying to mimic other popular games. The general control scheme is near identical to something like Batman Arkham City, and the wide open sandbox and laundry list style sidequests are very in-line with Assassin's Creed. However it feels very stripped down and streamlined compared to those two, and the general gameplay itself while familiar is very restrained. All you do in this game is kill orcs. And while that is a great idea for a game in-of itself I felt myself wishing it could've been about more.The storyline is also very derivative and I found myself enjoying the characterization of the Orcs/Uruks far more than the protagonists and human characters. Compared to the protagonists, the orcs go through arcs and have personalities that feel very interesting to influence. Indeed the generic storytelling feels like a victim of the Nemesis system. As you spend the vast majority of the game ignoring it to kill more orcs.The game's not bad, make no mistake. It's a very polished, streamlined and innovative title, and for the majority of players what I'm talking about won't seem like flaws at all. I just find myself wishing the game tried to innovate as much in the storytelling and general sandbox gameplay as it did with it's Nemesis system. Since it really does play it safe in those two areas."
,Recommended,241930,13098795,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,MrPaladin,"Imagine for a moment if Batman from Origins made love to Ezio from Assassins Creed and their love child grew up in Tolkien's Mordor that would be this game.throw in had a new vengence and leveling system as you carved/stealthed/arched/magiced/ghosted your way accross land leaving a trail of dead Uruk-Hai Warcheifs or loyal followers and you have got Shadow of Mordor.I have finished the main story and still enjoy going in and completing some of the challenges.  My only negitive would be is that the game slowly teaches you as you level making it feel a little like a tutorial, to counter this I enjoyed the sandbox feel where I was not limited to how I wanted to complete the objectives given to me, some of them I had to come back to as I had skilled up and learnt a new attack that made it easier.10 out of... wait a moment that ones running for help *hack slash murder* 10"
76561198018708404,Recommended,241930,12311740,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Turkey Sandwich,You can walk the same speed as the NPCs 10/10
,Recommended,241930,34786117,Posted: 6 September,all,Twistor,"Briefly:Shadow of Mordoris a great action-adventure in Middle-Earth setting. It treats the setting in an excellent fashion and explores one of its more mysterious sites, Mordor.As an avid fan of Tolkien's work, I was worried thatShadow of Mordor, with its flashy screenshots, would introduce flashy magic or similar stuff too much apart from the lore.I was happy to find that concern nil: while they have certainly taken many artistic liberties and little inaccuracies abound, the overall lore is adeptly executed.Here I will cover both the main game and briefly its expansions.Story of life and death - but mostly deathYou play as Talion, a ranger and a great warrior. He and his family get murdered by orcs, but a vengeful wraith brings him back, effectively rendering him immortal. Together they start a reign of terror in Mordor to murder all the orcs.You have several objectives:Find the one responsible for your family's death and have revenge.Wraith remembers nothing. Find out about his past.Help the human slaves in any way you can.Kill lots and lots of orcs.Open world in MordorConveniently, the curse of the wraith keeps you from leaving Mordor giving an in-universe reason for the boundary. Otherwise, a large region of Mordor is up for exploration. Everything is accessible from the beginning, though you get more skills and upgrade weapons along the way.Wraith grants you The Sight, that's basically an X-ray vision with Terminator-grade recognition powers to identify mission objects and special enemies from afar, hidden stashes from up close.Missions, while usually occurring within the same open-world region, are found around the map launching a separate mission phase, whereupon you must focus on the mission lest it get cancelled or utterly failed (with endless re-dos) by useless wandering or loitering.Missions are reasonably varied, though aside from the few rescue missions, they very often involve massacring or assassinating countless orcs. It's cool that many quests can be completed either through direct combat or by more tactical stealth strikes.Gameplay: So many keys I don't evenI played exclusively with keyboard+mouse combo but gamepad should work alright.Moving Talion works well and expectedly: mouse moves camera, WASD moves Talion. Aside from running, you can stalk, climb almost any surface and use ropelines to swing long distances.Combat is of the safe formula: attacks, combos and parries work with a couple of buttons. However, the controls soon get much more complex: there's a separate key for each special combat ability to a total of some ten different keys. That's huge for a mere action-adventure.Granted, not all of them are needed all the time but it makes it hard to return to the game after a long break.Go Pickle Rick on the trollsCompleting quests and generally wreaking havoc awards exp that yields various skills and upgrades to make your un-life easier. These range from e.g. pinning orcs with arrows to tele-strikes to insta-kills (many involving those extra buttons), among others.It's particularly fun to get to tame and ride the crazy monster animals of Mordor, like warg-like caragors and troll-like graugs. Especially graugs are super-fun as they both barf and munch on the silly Uruks.Corrupt chiefs and the magic wololooAll regular enemies are orcs of different kinds: warriors, archers, berserkers etc. and have their special skills. Any of them can be promoted to captains, receiving a name, quotes and special abilities (and/or weaknesses).Because of special abilities, captains are usually harder to kill than normal orcs: you might even need to beat a short QTE to finish them.Captains hang around doing orc-things: organizing hunting parties, hosting drinking feasts, trying to assassinate each other, you know, the normal stuff that bigwigs-in-chief do. The thing is, you can infiltrate any of these and ruin their day. The reward for captain skin is a shiny rune to upgrade your weapons, the worse the enemy the better the rune.If they still manage to slay you, they become your Nemesis, which is infuriating so of course you try to kill them again. A kind of multiplayer feature, you may encounter the Nemesis of your friends and avenge them too.As a late-game feature, it's possible or even necessary to build an army of your own by converting the orcs and their dear leaders to your cause by mind tricks.DLC, i.e. a new region and play as wraith modeI completed the main game to 100% in 28 hours. But it got two big expansions, both of which introduced their own maps with new game mechanics.Lord of the Huntbrings a new biome to bring some color to the greyscale of Mordor. It introduces new creatures (similar to previous caragors and graugs), along with a new friendly face involving a story to hunt those creatures.Bright Lordhas you play the wraith. He works a bit differently to Talion and has some awesome special powers but the story felt more lackluster, probably because it has so little to do with Tolkien's original lore.The rest of the DLCs are mainly cosmetic. The Test challenges introduce leaderboards with specific challenges that really test your skills with the game mechanics. You have to play at least a couple of them for all achievements.An excellent gameVery stable and awesome graphics. Not even the few QTEs in combat bring too much shame to it. I had fully completed it achievement-wise after 54 hours, so I dare claim it has plenty of content too.Combined with lots of (in Tolkien-terms) fitting lore, I thinkShadow of Mordoris a must-play action-adventure for any avid gamer."
,Recommended,241930,12362173,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Devil and Daniel Webster,"What a game. Honestly. It takes an already great combat system from the Arkham games and puts it in a fitting world. When the enemy hierarchy system was announced, I figured it would just be a small, irrelevant mechanic. I was wrong.  It is an innovative feature that will change the industry. Just get the game if you are on the fence."
76561198041889337,Recommended,241930,25421721,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Khalikryst,"This is the story of Ratlûg Black-Blade and his ascension to power of the corpses of his enemies and one annoying person named Talion.Ratlûg wasn't always mean or power hungry... ok, maybe he was power hungry, but that's what made him lovable.To begin our story we will follow the annoying Talion person, who upon his descent into Mordor started out murdering Uruk's left and right because he liked it... That is until the hero of our story arrived! Ratlûg showed up and snickered at the person who was killing his comrades and then without much more warning, attacked in a flurry of stumbling and swinging that cut the pathetic Talion down where he stood, thus earning Ratlûg the title of Black-Blade.Next we once again follow Talion, as he stomps around Mordor crushing dust piles and throwing his weight around like he owns the place, trying to kill another Uruk, until out of nowhere our hero emerges once more! Ratlûg Black-Blade announces himself with a battle cry, charging and clashing with the severely outmatched Talion. With insults hurled the two battle for a few moments until... Talion is once again struck down, leaving Ratlûg victorious over his kill, making sure to take an ear this time to make sure he remains dead.Though remain dead he does not, as Talion awakens somewhere else, causing yet more trouble but no sooner could you utter the name than he would appear, Ratlûg Black-Blade to the rescue of his fellow Uruk's again! Charging into battle like the true Uruk hero he is, throwing the weak little pieces of Uruk turds to the side as he attacks Talion. An intense battle is fought and it looks like it will again be Ratlûg's victory, until Talion throws a fire pit at him as only a coward would, burning the face of our hero and causing him to retreat to regain his composure. This victory went to the villian of our story... For now.When next we find our hero he has recovered from his horrific burns that the villianous Talion has inflicted on him, and is once again stalking his prey, this time he's heard rumor that the villian is attacking a Warchief! The great and honorable Ratlûg Black-Blade couldn't let such a thing pass without action so he made haste, charging to the aide of the Warchief even if he wasn't worthy of the great Ratlûg's time. Upon arrival Ratlûg cries out his name, shaking Talion to his very core, now he had to deal with the pathetic Warchief and the great and powerful Ratlûg Black-Blade! There is no way he will know victory, Talion sees this and tries to run away... tries and fails that is. For Ratlûg Black-Blade isn't going to let him get away this time. When he's slain, the Warchief thanks Ratlûg for his service and offers to make him a bodyguard, though Ratlûg shrugs the offer off for he knows no greater honor than hunting down Talion every time he rises.Morale of the Story: Don't let one stupid F****** Uruk get away... They come back and they hurt like hell.Would let Ratlûg Black-Blade be my nemesis for life again, even if he does cheat by countering everything I do and shows no fear to any creature and somehow kills everything sent at him, including me in three hits... 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,12323779,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,SaranKhorne,Orc society simulator 2014
,Recommended,241930,23010529,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,nͫiͤcͫeͤ,"In the 24 hours that I played this game, I beat the campaign and completed a substantial amount of side content. I don't believe I touched any of the DLC content. I played it exclusively with a gamepad.Shadow Of Mordor is a game that starts very strong and slowly wanes in quality. On PC it's a technical accomplishment, the game looks gorgeous and runs like a dream on my high end PC, thanks to a broad selection of graphical settings.Have you played an Arkham game? Then you've played Shadow Of Mordor. The gameplay is a mixture of open combat and stealth takedowns, both of which are almost entirely cloned from the Rocksteady Batman games. The only differences are minor improvements: SoM allows you to run while crouched, to perform brutalisation attacks which terrify nearby enemies, and to drain health and energy from vulnerable enemies. It also lets you to include archery in your combos without losing your hit streak, which makes for a much more lenient hitstreak system than Arkham Knight.Early on, Shadow Of Mordor is a lot of fun. You're free to roam around the flat, desolate plains of the black lands and hunt enemy captains, who can be spotted from a long distance using this game's version of Detective Mode. The combat mostly consists of mashing X towards your chosen target, and then pressing A to hop over them when they try to guard or attack, but this becomes difficult over time. Each hit landed on you drains your energy, and if you don't manage to kill your target you're left to either flee (which often means catching a crossbow bolt in the spine) or to die in the attempt, which means your target gets a promotion and will be harder to kill next time.As intended, the Nemesis system encourages you to develop a personal rivalry with these randomly generated Uruks. Some of these fights were surprisingly challenging and required me to think strategically before I attacked, often interrogating orcs for information on my target and then baiting them to places where I could exploit their weaknesses. That aspect of the game is what people in other reviews have praised, and it deserves applause. It's a good first implementation of a very promising idea.Sadly it all becomes rather pointless once you start gaining XP and unlocking abilities. The Shadow of Mordor skill tree has the opposite problem of the Arkham Knight skill tree: instead of having 100 useless upgrades, it has roughly 20 game-breakingly useful ones. I think I can narrow down the problem to three really bad options: the ability to take a hit without losing your hit streak, the ability to stun enemies by jumping over them, and the ability to spend your hitstreak multiple times.With these I could jump into a group of powerful Uruks, leap over one, quickly kill him and then spend that killstreak to effortlessly kill two more. After you unlock these abilities, there's no more tension, no more strategy, no more use for intelligence and planning, no more investment in your nemesis. Everyone and everything becomes laughably pathetic compared to your skillset. It's disgustingly easy and, after the initial fun of being overpowered wears off, dreadfully boring.You'd hope the game would ramp up the difficulty to keep up with your new skills, but it never does. You remain overpowered for the rest of the campaign. The introduction of ""Branding"" as a late game ability only exacerbates the problem. What was once a fun adventure, suddenly becomes a repetitive slog through dirt brown levels. The game has 4 boss fights, and each of them showcase the limitations of Arkham-style combat as you repeat your most effective combo against endless goons and wait for the QTE button prompt that hurts the boss. It's horribly disappointing.The story has received a fair bit of praise, and I'm not sure why. In spite of paying attention to the dialogue and doing a lot of side missions, I honestly have no idea what happened in the end. My characters motivation was never clear: as a ""gravewalker"" he talks a lot about ending his curse and being ""at rest"" with his murdered family, but his existence doesn't seem particularly torturous, and he enjoys using his new undead abilities to pursue bloody revenge. Ostensibly the villain of the story is The Black Hand, but what exactly that is never gets clarified. In the last act of the story this problem reaches a fever pitch, where I found myself doing things without any context as to why they were being done and exactly what they symbolised. It's a frantic, hurried mess.This game has no difficulty settings, nor any potential for modding that might make it more difficult. Some people might recommend that you play with self-imposed restrictions, and I imagine that it might be fun to play the entire game without spending upgrade points, but I don't feel tempted to replay Shadow Of Mordor just to find out, nor I do want to play any of the DLC I got as part of the GOTY package. The lack of challenge is a huge problem, and no amount of graphical fidelity can make up for it.I bought this game for £10 during a sale, and it's currently available for £30. I'm going to recommend it based on the fun I had in the first 12 hours, but I'd discourage people from purchasing it at full price unless they absolutely love the Arkham games and don't have a problem with games that fail to challenge them. I think this game is sadly over-rated, I bought it based on the hype and while I agree that the Nemesis system is a great idea it only remains compelling for as long as the game is difficult, which isn't long at all."
,Recommended,241930,30592430,Posted: 18 March,all,Voodoo,"After years of SoM just sitting in my libary, I finally decided to finish it and came to the conclusion: I had been missing out. The game is fun from start to end and I enjoyed the RPG mechanics of it. Story was good but I highly doubt its canon. Overall the game is hands down up there in entertainment value and I cannot wait for the second one to come out."
,Recommended,241930,25717693,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Dragonborn,Perfect... I loved it :)
,Recommended,241930,25662630,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ArcaneReflux,"Let me tell you all a story:So I started this game and played for a few hours. Thats when I stumbled upon an Uruk Captain named Malmûg Black-Blade. He looked fairly normal for an uruk, but there was something different about him. He only spoke in grunts. The interesting thing is, even though he only spoke through grunts and other noises, you knew exactly what he meant. The first time I met him, he sounded as if he was laughing, he didn't think I could ever beat him.But I defeated him.So I thought that was that, and continued on my way, slaughtering Uruk like there's no tomorrow. But that was when an Uruk captain approached me. I soon realized it was Malmûg Black-Blade. He looked different in that he had a burn on his face. This time, he sounded more determined, like he was absolutely certain he could kill me, surely such a battle hardened Uruk like him couldn't be defeated a second time by this puny man!But I defeated him.Once again, I continued on my way, now using the rune Malmûg had dropped previously. Suddenly, I'm attacked from behind, it's Malmûg again, this time with a bag over his head, presumably to hide his destroyed facial features after his second defeat. He screamed at me, he was so angry that this weak human was able to defeat him not once, but twice! He came at me with a ferocity I haven't seen before. It was a difficult battle.But I defeated him.After doing a story mission, I was about to quit the game for the day, when I saw an Uruk Captain in the distance, slowly walking towards me. I figured ""hey, one more couldn't hurt."" so I went to meet him. Thats when I realized, it was Malmûg Black-Blade. This final time, he didn't scream, he didn't make much noise at all actually. It was as if he had accepted his fate, that this was to be the last time he was to fight me. The battle was just as difficult as the last.But I defeated him.So after that encounter, I left the game, came on the next day. I looked at the roster of enemies and saw that Malmûg's body was no longer there. He's gone. He was replaced by another. Uruk are evil creatures and deserved nothing more than death, but here I was, feeling sad that I had killed this Uruk, who had been with me for a few hours of the game.And this whole story I just described was not scripted. This is just the stuff that happens in this game. It isn't a perfect game by any means, but a game doesn't have to be perfect to be memorable.Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,241930,13801278,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jim2point0,"Shadow of Mordor was very close ot being my game of the year.The first thing I noticed is that the free running, climing, and combat are all very smooth and satisfying. And that's what you'll be doing for most of the time.The meat of the game lies in the nemesis system. I spent more time hunting down orcs that killed me than I did doing the main quests. There's nothing more satisfying than getting revenge on an orc that has killed you countless times while you were in the middle of a mission. That organic style of storytelling is far more intriguing than the actual campaign story. This made Shadow of Mordor feel more innovative than any game in recent memory.The graphics are also decently pretty. Textures and lighting look good. The character models for Talion and the orcs also look great. The geometry and level design leave something to be desired however. For a setting as interesting as Mordor, there's not a lot going on. There are no landmarks or setpieces. Just ruins scattered around a relatively featureless map. It still manages to be a fun arena for hunting orcs.I took several high resolution screenshots of this game. You can find them on my Flickr, as well as a gallery on PC Gamer.Flickr albumPC Gamer gallery(full resolution 8Kimages)"
,Recommended,241930,12601894,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,HaasGaming,"Shadow of Mordor is easily recommendable. It features excellent, fluid combat with high animation quality and brutal executions, imparting a real sense of power to the player. The highlight of the game is the rather unique Nemesis system, a system that tracks the rankings of every Orc captain and sets up many possibilities for organic storytelling. Furthermore, in large part due to the excellent audio quality (great voice acting, music & combat sounds) the game does a solid job at feeling like a Middle-earth game. The one downside is the repetitive nature of the game, due to the lacking difficulty and unvaried environmental design, but if you are looking for an excellent action game that's all about massacring Orcs and toying around with their political status... then Shadow of Mordor isn't one to miss.Full review:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FGlQKIot8A"
76561198018484387,Recommended,241930,24037169,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dock G,OMFG... my life is almost complete.. Arkham Knight and Assassins Creed had a baby it would be called Shadow of mordor.. this is a must get for LOTR fans... if this ever gets a DLC for riding dragons.. i would never walk out of my room again i rate this game 9/10
,Not Recommended,241930,12362591,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,『 ｖｉｒｔｆ！~ 』,"This'll be a bit more of a 'Should you buy' rather than a review.It is a great game and I really enjoyed it but there are a few things that really grind my gears that are, in retrospect, massive turn offs. I'll cover the good things first, then the bad things, then provide a 'should you buy' in my opinion.The good things:+ The game allows you to create some hella mad unscripted sequences entirely of your own initiative and decisions outside of your missions. I won't give an example for the sake of leaving it to your own experience if you do play Shadow of Mordor but it is simply excellent.+ The 'nemesis' system and all the intrigue, tracking, killing, backstabbing, setups and everything else within was amazing. Defiantly an element I'd love to see more that Shadow of Mordor executed really well. Two things about this especially was how Captains and Warchiefs would get stronger every time they killed you and could, if you weren't careful with how you went about things, become nigh-on-invincible wrecking machines that you're smarter to avoid born entirely of your own fault, and I love it; another thing is how, if a random Uruk NPC kills you, they get named and are promoted to Captain where they can become an antagonist within the nemesis system.+ The game, 9 times out of 10, found something to do with the loading sequences. One of my favorite things percisely was how, during the loading screen to enter the game from the main menu, there would be dialogue on backstory.+ Mordor has simply stunning visuals. Although I had to drop my graphics to lowest in the end for my good'ish computer, what I experienced of even low was great and what I've seen of the higher-end settings are astounding. The animations are also excellent - I looked at the sword drawing and sheating animations in slow motion during pop-up bits in the game and they had such a great attention to detail and modeling; something they defiantly looked into in real life.The bad things:- The story felt rather short. I logged 16 hours on Steam before completing the game and, for what the game is, I was expecting at least 22-24. Although I wasn't being by any extent of the word a perfectionist with my completion I was being very thorough with the Captains and Warchiefs. To put it into another prespective, three of the upgrades required 2.5K points each and I figured I'd get at least half way to the second one whilst saving for them but I only got about 1K away from the first at the very most. For yet another perspective, I predicted that the ending would be a bit of a 'false ending' where the story would continue on as it felt far too soon and not led up to, however it was, indeed, the ending.- The last two boss fights are incredibly undercooked; I mean Halo 4 Didact boss fight undercooked except arguably a bit worse due to the setting and higher tension; I mean, just... terrible, just astoundingly terrible. The first major boss fight was very well done with the perfect difficulty for the point in the game and kept me on my toes and the second with the 'creature' was excellent; the standard dropped so much come the third and fourth and it's just.. morbidly dissapointing. They also fall on their own sword a bit here as they get you so psyched up to fight the last two bosses with grand battles beforehand and then just...that.- Although the story was good it was still a bit of a let down. I would have loved to and, quite frankly, expected much more character development and fleshing from the story. More intraparty conflict, a bit more than hints and implications towards a love interest, backstory on the Black Captains, etc etc. On this note, one thing that ticked me off especially was the relationship between the two main protagonists. It felt really unorganic - they were just kinda thrown together with a minimalistic and severely unfleshed approach to the relationship between the two of them and the development of it.- Come later in the game you have the ability to put Captains and Warchiefs into your own 'Army' as covered in the previews for the game. Using this to control the Uruks from the inside and playing some hella mad intrigue was excellent but, once you got control of it all, there wasnothingunscripted that you could do with your Army. Why couldn't I call my men to arms and march on some Captain or something like that, let alone something larger scale for the last two boss fights like in the final flashback cutscenes? That would've been hella rad.Should you play Shadow of Mordor?No, not for the price it's at now. Clear out a weekend, buy excesses of unhealthy food, go hire it from your local video rental shop and lock yourself in your house for a weekend. Between the lack fo multiplayer, high price for a mediocre-to-good experience and short story, you'd probably feel much better doing it that way.The most I would pay for Shadow of Mordor is 40 dollars."
,Recommended,241930,15591302,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,AlphaDiode ©,"A head whacking, orc face stabbing good time this is. Gameplay is like a combination of Assassins Creed, Dishonored, and Tomb Raider but set in the Tolkien universe. There are a large variety of missions and quests to do most of which involve killing orcs which while repetitive I just can't seem to get enough of. Orc captains level up and become your Nemesis if they defeat you in battle and they remember you and taunt you at your next encounter. Nicely done cutscenes tell the story as you complete main quests.You gain power and ability points to spend by completing missions and you can of course upgrade your weapons and choose your abilities care of one those multi-branch skill trees. Graphics and sounds are superb as is the voice acting.The built in photo/screenshot editor is the best I've ever seen in a game. It's almost a mini game itself and lets you really dress up and add dramatic cinematic effects to your screenshots.I definitely recommend this one if you like any or all of the below:A. Stealth gamesB. Mercilessly slaughtering orcsC. Are a fan of the Tolkien's Lord of The RingsD. Like fighting games or action RPGs"
76561198107207515,Recommended,241930,29318849,Posted: 17 January,all,PipoDeDown,"- Me, Orc- Me buy new high end pc- Me look for new games to play- Me find this game- Game on salesies for 7.99- Me smart- Me buy game- Me very smart- And me happy- Me play game- Me kill orc- Me still happy- Me command orc army- Me, chop chop headsies' everyone's- Me rule mordor- Me happy- Me SMOrcThis game is amazing, it has got amazing graphics, AMAZING combat and a great story. After you finish the story there is alot of other stuff to collect in the main game, find all the collectibles and complete all the side missions and challenges, after that, you can play around with randomly generated orc captains and chieftains. You control life and death, alliance and enemy, you can help get your orcs to the top of the ranks and then make them kill eachother.All in all this game is amazing, and if you for some reason haven't played it yet, what are you waiting for?GO, go and buy it for full price goddammnit, it's worth every hard earned coin."
,Recommended,241930,12764099,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[CPC] Froh,This game came as a surprise.A very Batman-like game where the map is filled with enemies and you get numerous options to take care of them.The story is rather short but very well developped and you get an interesting story packed with a nemesis system which never gets old.It could be repetitive for some.Probably the best Lord of The Rings game at the moment.
,Recommended,241930,13124982,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,_JAKE_,Well damn...  First 5 hours i was sitting in my chair from 1am to 6am... Only reason why i stopped was total exhaustion.This is an amazingly fun game and would purchase it at full price if i had to. 9/10
76561198143035679,Recommended,241930,29100942,Posted: 7 January,all,Bad_Wulph,"Alright, Shadow of Mordor. For starters, if you can run it on its highest settings, it is a beautiful game. The game mechanics and physics are wonderful. It is like Assassin's Creed meets The Lord of the Rings universe. You can stealth the game or run in swords-a-swingin'; you choose your playstyle, for the most part. The skill/perk tree reminds me a lot of Farcry's perks, especially in Farcry 3, which I really like. It's an easy-to-play game, fairly simple controls, and really easy to learn. It only gets as complicated as you want to make it. And for the completionist players out there, there is a lot to collect and a lot of side missions to complete. I still have not done it all. The optional challenges are cool too. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes LOTR and Assassin's Creed."
,Recommended,241930,12331116,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,vladoportos,"Good game but bit repetitive. Definitely some memorable characters like Ratbag, there could be more of him, he was so funny :D We got to see Saurons face ! All in all nice story."
,Recommended,241930,18996810,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Dorgarr,"""Oh, you think darkness is your ally. But you merely adopted the dark; I was born in it, moulded by it. I didn't see the light until I was already a man, by then it was nothing to me but BLINDING!""The NEMESIS system molds the orcs of mordor into terrifying villians.When some random orc with a bow takes a lucky potshot at you and is promoted to Captain, you can begin to watch that captain's notoriety grow. At every turn, you can witness that captain recuit followers, hunt beasts, struggle with other captains for power, and duel his way to the top. Anything you do to him will become a part of your ongoing history with him. It can even alter his strengths, fears and personality.You set him on fire,feed him to wild beasts,poison him,throw him off a cliff,shock him with magic,pelt him with arrows or knives,or leave him for dead with a grievous wound,he will come back with a vengence until you chop off his head. You can run into any of a number of these orcs at any time. Sometimes, many at once.Rather than just telling you that your nemesis was molded by darkness, Shadow of Mordor shows you."
,Recommended,241930,29049714,Posted: 5 January,all,Pants_Doe,Orcish genocide simulator.
76561198136789464,Recommended,241930,30991547,Posted: 6 April,all,Cael Thavain #TF2SP,"This game is not perfect, there is a fair bit wrong with it, but there is sooo much good. So, I'll do a pros/consPros:-Beautiful-Voice acting-Combat is smooth and interesting-End game is very empowering-Length, lots of stuff to do-The enemy's revenge and power system is so interesting and forces tactical thinking, planning, and execution-Animation-Plot is interesting and does serve its purpose to drive the narritive forward.Cons:-Stealth is stupidly easy-Stealth is pretty much a joke-Somewhat repeptitive when doing side missions, but it's not too bad-Plot, as in there is (according to LoTR fanboys) plot holes in lore; casually though, probably won't notice-In certain areas the world seems too empty-FOV is not the best, but this isn't a deal breakerThe only thing that really affects the game is stealth being so easy, AI in this game is very smart... until it comes to stealth. But this can be overlooked by just about everything else."
,Recommended,241930,29515055,Posted: 26 January,all,Lukeeee,7/10 its like batman with swords.
,Recommended,241930,12375632,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,jack,"Game of the year, For me anywayThe last game that kept me this engrossed was Dragon's Dogma, Even though ive been playing for 5 hours ive only done one story mission, because im having too much fun hunting Uruks, Ive heard the story can be completed in about 12 hours which is about average for a game of this type, but this game is like grand theft auto in the fact there is so much else to do, just hunting Uruk captains is amazing fun with the nemesis system, the ones who survive your encounter by playing possum are the best, they gain scars and burns depending on what you did to them, only way to make sure is to cut their head off, I thought i had killed one 4 times and he kept coming back each time abit more messed up and hating me abit more.The control system is a mix of Batman series of games and assassins creed and works perfect, make sure to use all 3 weapons as i tried to ignore the bow and suffered for it on many occasion.I cant see any game beating this for a good while, perhaps Bioware can get back to their old standard with the new Dragon age,but after their last 3 titles il wait for players response,rather than payed reviewers.If you like fantasy style games, you cant go wrong here, the game is perfect and will last anyone who likes to explore and just have fun hunting ages."
76561198026910580,Recommended,241930,28836834,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Riastraad,"This game was thrilling from start to finish. Compelling and engaging story paired with fantastic game mechanics. It takes the best aspects of the Assassin's Creed franchise and adds a combat system reminiscent of the Batman Arkham series. The Nemesis system is hands down the best feature, helping the game avoid repetitiveness and keep things interesting."
,Recommended,241930,26736986,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mercy the PeelzGrabber,"If Assassin's Creed and The Batman Arkham games had a love child, this would be it.The game takes place in the fantasy world of Middle-Earth, which is of course the same world in the Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit books and movies.Firstly, if you're thinking that you need to have read/seen the material BEFORE playing this game, you needn't worry. There are definitely references, or characters you may not appreciate as much going in with no or little knowledge, but you won't mind as the story explains it pretty well, and you can of course just look something up if you want to know more.The core gameplay is, as I said, like Assassin's Creed/Batman Arkham games. You'll be climbing, sneaking, avoiding detection much like Assassin's Creed, and the combat system is definitely like the Arkham games, but you're not knocking out baddies, you're here to kill some Orcs!The world is semi-open world, by that I mean the map isn't HUGE (there are actually TWO maps in the game), but there always is something going on. The world also doesn't demand you do something right away, so if you want to begin just killing some orcs in a camp, or getting some collectables, you CAN.When you complete quests, or get collectable, you get an in-game currency wherein you can buy upgrades such as more health or rune slots for your weapon (more on that in a moment). You will also earn XP from these things, or just killing orcs.Now, as I mentioned the game lets you augment your weapons (sword/bow/dagger) with runes! Each rune varies depending on level and rarity. Some let you get health from a stealth kill, or have a chance to get some more arrows with a certain type of kill, and so on. You can sell them for money if you don't want to use them, and switch them out as you like.One of the most amazing, if not THE most amazing thing, is Sauron's Army and the random generation of enemies. Throughout the world, there are regular grunt Orcs, and then there's higher level ones. Now, you may run into any of these at any given time, story missions not withstanding.For example, you might be going after some orcs in a camp, and then suddenly one of them yells ""MAN FILTH!"" at you, followed by a mini-exchange where he taunts you, and you realize this is captain or general, and you had NO idea. Each special orc has their own strengths and weakenesses, which you can use to your advantage, meaning you can't always go in sword swinging.For instance, one captain may be immune to arrows, so you can't snipe him off, so it must be up close...but he also be immune to stealth, so you can't sneak up on him either, meaning you'll have to confront him directly, and he mah not be alone. This is just ONE example.I've had many times where I went after ONE captain, and suddenly THREE more appeared out of nowhere! Then this small fight you were starting turns into a massacre if you don't get away. These moments are both frustrating and exciting.Another thing with this system is that if a grunt orc, with no name previously, kills you, he ranks up becoming a captain, and if a ranked orc kills you over and over, he becomes even MORE powerful, and his weaknesses get less, and he has more strengths, constantly making you want to kill him, he'll even taunt you over having failed to kill him!The collectables are mostly backstory, or side stories to give you a bit of flavor for the world. You get about 50 monies for  each one you pick up, along with achievements if you're interested.The game constantly challenges you, and the more you die, the more challenging it can get, but you also can level up yourself with new abilities so you can level the playing field.There is certainly more, but even getting all the collectables, I have over 20 hours into it, and I'm not done with it either, and I haven't even begun the DLC.So, if you're looking for a really amazing game where you can play so many different ways, and even replaying it will be different, Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor is an excellent choice, one you won't regret.If you know nothing about the world, you'll love it all the same, and if you enjoy Lord of the Rings or The Hobbit, you can appreciate references here and there as well. So, get out there, and to quote Aragorn: ""Let's hunt some orc!"""
,Recommended,241930,23868120,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[крв☭] Chellovack,"GAMERS! Allow me to present you...URUK-HAI: Gotta Brand Them AllThe first part of the game you train yourself to handle all manners of Sauron's cronies with 3 distinct tools:Your sword, Your broken sword and Your bow. Wield these with master-stroke capabilities, you will be deemed the unbeatable pokem- I mean Uruk-Hai/Orcs/Caragors/All manner of wild untamed creatures master.Sword: If you do not fancy sneaky-beaky procedure to dispatch a horde of these creatures, your chance to die will increased greatly, but there is where fun is. You, as a trainer are equipped with an array of head chopping, heart stabbing, gut spewing and many more abilities to counter their onslaught for your pink-skin guts. Do lots of combos and you will be rewarded with wide choices of insta-killing skills to satisfy your bloodlust.Broken-sword: I know what you are thinking, ""Why would I bring a broken weapon to a slaughterfest?"". Well, you could still stab their craniums and slit their throats with it like a dagger, thats right a DAGGER! No dagger is as badass as a broken sword treated like a dagger! Oh look some Uruks having a cooking up some smores around their campfire, NOPE! Use your brutalize skill on one of the poor sod in front of their comrades and watch them drop their half-cooked marshmellows and flee in terror as you repeatedly stab him in each and every part of their vital organs.Bow: So, trainer, you are the center of attention of a blood hungry horde and tired of some cowardly Uruks throwing spears at you and breaking your combo? Fret not, enter the Matrix and you will have a vision of everything that tries to kill you. With this you will be able to spot ranged cowards and dispatch them in slowww-motioooon. And what is that? The campfire is not burning hot enough for their marshmellows? Shoot the campfire and it will burn as bright as the sun and the Uruks will not need anymore heat for the rest of their living life.""But what about this training creatures I heard?""This is where the fun really gets funner. As you battle throughout the blooddrench lands, you will find yourself encountering Captains and Warchiefs(Tougher and deadlier than captains). These guys have varied strength and weaknesses for you to be aware of and to exploit. They control the horde groups around them as well. In the 2nd half part of the game, your wraith companion will allow you to brand them and bend to your will afterwards.Brand the captains once you had weaken them in combat and you will see and help them rise through the ranks. Troublesome Warchief with a handful of captains of bodyguards? No problem, brand them and the warchief wont see 3 axes coming from behind them. Once the chief had been defeated, your pokem- damn it, branded captains will take their place as a warchief.So what are you waiting for? RULE MIDDLE-EARTH, BRAND THEM ALL!"
,Recommended,241930,15662638,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Ms. Cinnamon,"As a big fan of Tolkien's work I find this very satisfying.About the loreThe story contextualization on Arda's space and time is really well made, the temporary line presented respects the chronology of the Tolkien's production (In fact we could place the events a little before Bilbo's adventure). The characters who are directly taken from the book are truly characterized (Except Sauron who is represented as a Sindarin elf, however in the Silmarillion his appearance is described mostly like a Noldor), the little changes that were made to the characters stories like Sauron and Celebrimbor to make them fit to the lore aren't abrupt, actually as I said they're almost insignificant and fit perfectly.[SPOILER ALERT:]Although in the books Celebrimbor initially doesn't know the existance of the One Ring, it's known that he dies by its influence.About the gameTalking about the game, graphics, mechanics and soundtrack are just perfect; I love the combat style, because it requies some grade ability, being not so hard neither so easy (As Assasin's Creed, but not as easy). There're some little problems in the movement like getting stuck easily with allies and torches or other things... This may seem like trifles, but when you're on a fortress fighting an army, it can make you fail the mission.In summary I love this game, I've just finish the campaing and I still have so many hours left to play. (I have to acquire all the Steam achivements).Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,241930,20071777,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Salty Psycho,Its like gory batman/assassins creed in a LOTR fresh paint. I say fresh because even though its very similar it feels great. Nice story that isn't perfect but alright. Buy this game.
76561198057236946,Recommended,241930,30366874,Posted: 6 March,all,Stalker-among-the-Stars,"So, Shadow of Mordor...I'll keep it short, sweet and succinct.1)  I'm a die-hard LotR and Middle-Earth fanboy and lore-buff in general.2)  I've been known to be infamous for picking at lore inconsistincies/unneeded additions in games such as this.My conclusion; Shadow of Mordor, while rather liberal in its creation of entirely new species of beast  (Caragor, Graugs, Ghuls et al) as well as its primary characters (the three bad boys that are the Black Captains being a prime example) manages to stay entertaining, immersive and downright satisfying enough that not only am I willing to readily overlook these newly invented additions to Tolkien's universe, I actually applaud the way in which they were rather seamlessly  - in my opinion anyway - inserted and intermingled with already present Middle-Earth history and lore.Verdict: 9/10 at the very least, one of my favourite games in my library.  I shall be looking feverishly forward to going blade-to-blade with the Witch-King, his Nazgul chums and that admittedly damn fiiine looking Balrog come Shadow of War's release."
,Recommended,241930,25574303,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Moose,"5/7. Just like the Arkham games except you're Talion not Batman, and you kill orcs instead of knocking out criminals and you're actually part spirit elf thing and you're not like Batman at all except for the combat style and the story is completly different and it's nothing like being Batman."
,Recommended,241930,25357378,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Neo Marshkga,What kind of person wouldn´t enjoy killing Orcs using Guerrilla Tactics and creating a Human Uprising in the Heart of Mordor?
,Recommended,241930,24645316,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Knight on Horse,"Easily the best game based on the Lord of The Rings books/movies that I've played in my life.  Main game review; I haven't played the DLCs yet.Pros:-Fluid gameplay-A rather easy combat system that echoes Batman Arkham style-Vibrant open world-Skills and weapon modding to tailor your play style-Story and lore is pretty good-Every captains or higher rank has unique advantages and disadvantages makes each of them a unique mini boss to play with-Sauron's Army including Nemesis/Rivalry makes each almost every enemy unique. (Those normal orcs that kill you can 'rank up' and could possibly be your new nemesis)Cons:-Not enough enemy types.  Sure there are captains or higher rank and spear throwers or big cats, but honestly i expected a lot more types to challenge myself.-Boss battles doesn't really appeal or feel very unique.  That fight with the legendary graug is a too typical 'dodge and hit' fight and the black captains, tower of sauron oh god they feel like the normal sauron army captains.  The hammer of sauron is pretty good for the first time you do it and the black hand/Sauron final boss was just too bland.  It was all reduced to quick-time events button clicking.  I expected A LOT MORE when freaking Sauron is fighting you.Overall though, the awards and critic review it has proves that this is indeed a good game if not your own experiences."
,Recommended,241930,22782335,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,WaterBustard The PolyDactyl,"Great game. Takes my favorite aspects from Assassin's Creed, adds a great combat system and perks/abilities that make killing orcs so much fun.  Very immersive story and bosses.  Great voice acting, and a nice soundtrack.  If you pay attention to the lore as well, it can immerse you. If you just wander around it can be boring at times otherwise it's great. ☆☆☆☆☆ 5/5"
,Recommended,241930,32769018,Posted: 25 June,all,SeñorSassy69,An excellent and well-fitting addition to the Lord Of The Rings franchise and Canon. Would definantly recommend to fans and non-fans alike!
76561198097324986,Recommended,241930,25541147,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,jwghosttracker,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is definitely one of the best games I've ever played. The combat system is a mix of the free flowwing combat of the Arkham series and the ability to slaughter you foes. The stealth system is an improvement of the already good Assassin's Creed series. There is lots of parkour and your character (Talion) moves with ease. And who could forget to mention the nemesis system which makes each playthrough and encounter with a captain/warchief a unique one. Now, plot wise, don't go expecting too much, but the world itself makes up for this. There are two maps in the game and both are very different from each other, although I don't want to say much more than that so if you buy the game you can discover it for yourself. Overall, if you love Lord of the Rings, the Arkham series, the Assassin's Creed series, or are just looking for something new, than you should try this game."
76561197977284393,Recommended,241930,23493513,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,MaddogDino,"Playing through for the second time and still taking me ages, not because I'm crap but because it's so easy to go off the reservation when attempting any missions. I get so wrapped up in the combat i'm like a weasle frenzying in a chicken coup (laughing at the orc running to sound the alarm to bring in more orcs to my slaughter party). I still marvel at the crisp graphics and amazing life of the evolving orc hierarchy. You can literaly keep dying on purpose in order to increase difficulty. Dying in this game has a unique purpose when you hunt for the orc that you want to gain from your death so you can kill him later for greater rewards and entertaining insults from the orc that stands before your revenge.Brilliant entertaining game that keeps me coming back again and again. 10/10"
76561198010339747,Not Recommended,241930,24012279,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Beer Drinking Burke,"Summary: OK, but heavily overrated. Buy if it's on sale so you can see what the nemesis system is all about. Suffers from boring main story, and being way, way too easy (with no difficulty settings!) Also, no mod scene. Basically, it's a light-weight murder rampage simulator that hasn't been adapted for the PC in any noticible way.---This game has been praised to the high heavens by the gaming press for what they did with the captain system (the nemesis system as they call it), where the leaders of Saurons orc army are randomly generated, and react in a dynamic fashion to your behavior. That part is actually quite novel. Unfortunately the rest of the game falls pretty flat. Yes, combat feels fun to start with. It's Assassins Creed/Batman but in Mordor. With Orcs! You still aren't that powerful right at the beginning, and now and then you actually need to run away from fights to save your life. As a result the first few hours were quite engaging. Unfortunately though it all starts to fall apart as you quickly become a walking killing machine. A lot of the game mechanics are about stealth. Sneaking here, sneaking there. But the orcs have terrible vision, making any tension drop away as you realise you will never be seen. And then later you give up even sneaking anyway because you can charge into a camp, slaughter 50 orcs, and walk out the other side with barely a scratch. Yes its fun taking out some of the orc captains. It's a laugh fighting dozens of foes at once and doing real damage, feeling strong. But it soon becomes repetetive as you realize that the AI is not up to the task. Meanwhile any captains you kill are soon replaced with new captains, the orcs you slay replaced with new orcs, and the slaves you free replaced with new slaves. The landscape doesn't really adjust, and the world doesn't really react. It's actually quite easy and static.This game will entertain you pretty handily for the first five or six hours. Enough so that you probably wont regret buying it on sale. But I wouldn't recommend paying full price for it.I can't help but get the impression that people enjoy it so much because it is actually very violent (but still manages to get a pass because orcs are evil, and their blood is black.) That's fine and dandy. The problem is mistaking the enjoyment you derive from your rampage for good game design. There actually isn't much of that to see here, unfortunately."
,Recommended,241930,15737226,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Burn,"Unfortunately Shadow of Mordor is the best Middle-Earth game available right now. It takes the best aspects of both games, Assassin's Creed and Arkham City; has it's own unique feature - the Nemesis system; but for some reason (queue in the song ""We're in the Money"") the developers wanted to make such game in the world of Lord of the Rings - they could've just created a different setting and there wouldn't be any difference.This game is great for the gaming community, but if you're a Tolkien fan, who is waiting for a game that gives justice to the lore and world, then keep waiting (though understand that because of legal reasons such game won't be created soon).As soon as they provide an expansion where the player can be an Orc and take part in Orc society, this game will be one of my top 5 favorite games!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=437323927http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=437787363Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,241930,12792122,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,fenster,"In years to come, Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor is probably a game most people will remember for its single distinguishing mechanic.  In some ways it’s a shame, because while Mordor does invent a refreshing spin on the open-world genre, it also does a lot of the small things right to create an overall polished and enjoyable experience.  Mordor is an open-world game developed by Monolith Productions, a long-time -- but rarely noteworthy -- developer from the Pacific NW.  This time Monolith has created an outstanding Lord of the Rings action game which hits all the right notes.After a brief and well-executed tutorial, the player is quickly thrust into the land of Mordor; the evil wasteland wherein the main villain of Lord of the Rings, Sauron, makes his home.  Besides Sauron, there’s also orcs -- alotof orcs.  You have a sword, dagger, and bow at your disposal, and the majority of the game is spent fighting through swaths of Sauron's brutish pawns.  Combat in Mordor is pretty much a straight copy from the Rocksteady Batman games.  It’s an excellent system that works well in this environment, and Monolith did a great job of nailing the aspects of what makes that system work; animations are fluid for practically every scenario, timing feels precise, and you always feel in control.  What’s more, combat kills in Mordor are executed with a bone-crunching, heads-flying brutality you won’t find in the Batman games, and it’s really satisfying.  Even after 30 hours of slaying orcs, a slow-motion zoom in shot of me lopping off an orc’s head never got old.Stealth is actually done pretty well too, and the bow mechanics feel tight.  Mordor never feels like it’s getting in your way; they make some smart tradeoffs with character movement and climbing, making them easy and quick in lieu of realism.  As the game progresses, you’ll unlock ways to make your character more powerful and more dynamic.  By the end, there are tons of approaches to every situation, and even more impressive is that I was actually *using* the large variety of skills available to me. The different methods of combat and infiltration are so accessible and easy that it encourages experimentation until the very end of the game.  I did feel as though the late game abilities were so powerful that it made the last few hours of the game too easy, but in some ways it was fun just to shred through hundreds of orcs in dynamite fashion.My exposure to Lord of the Rings is admittedly mostly based on the movies; I’ve read the hobbit and parts of the trilogy, but it was clear even to me that much of the story is structured to disturb as small of the lore as possible.  The story is bland and uninspired and the small cast of characters feel pretty one-note.  But the story here is not the main attraction, and in fact, the real fun comes from the narrative that you frequently will spin yourself using the Nemesis system.The Nemesis system is an inventive mechanic wherein strong and noteworthy orcs are added to a constantly rotating pool of captains.  Each captain is given a name, VO, personal strengths and weaknesses, and a ranking in the pecking order, which creates a depth to each individual orc.  Orcs who manage to kill you are rewarded with greater power, and you can be sure that they’ll taunt you the next time they see you.  The result is that you end up creating your own narrative with the orcs from your story, which is often more entertaining than the ones the writers create for you.There’s no doubt that the Nemesis system makes Shadow of Mordor stick out from the open-world masses, but it deserves a lot of credit for being an all-around outstanding game.  It’s true that it wouldn’t be as remarkable without it, but Mordor still impresses with a very tight combat system which is great fun and does an impressive job of encouraging experimentation.  The beauty of this fusion of polished, inspired mechanics with it’s own unique ideas is that Shadow of Mordor feels bigger and better than the games which inspired it.  I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,241930,29245501,Posted: 14 January,all,Damien_Dedalus,"9/10Pros:1. The gameplay is off the hook. It's basically Assassin's Creed marrying Batman:Arkham with some magic thrown in. The whole point of finding weaknesses before killing the enemy helps a LOT and gets much much more XP which again, helps when encountering later characters and major bosses.2. The story, though taking Talion as the protagonist, an unknown ranger in Middle Earth, is really about Celebrimbor, the creator of the rings of power and the story gets more and more interesting as we know how he came to be part of this plot, though I do wish the fellowship would have shown up somewhere.Cons:1. The ending of the story was weak and that alone made me give it a point less.2. Though it's an open world game, with forge towers around, I for one was too lazy to run around instead of simply teleporting and finding shortcuts because for me, the story is the most important aspect. Also, most places in Mordor look quite similar.Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,241930,33597143,Posted: 16 July,all,Gammon,"A really fun game, the combat is great especially when sneaking up on someone. The view is also breathtaking, I would play a lot more for this game than its actual price but if you are short on money wait for a sale and it will be cheaper :)"
,Recommended,241930,12544171,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mxthe,"Finally an open world game that doesn't want to drown you in side activities and meaningless quests.Sure there are some of those, but the fact that I was able to 100% this game doesn't mean that it's short, I enjoyed every second of it, and at the very end I feel very satisfied with the experience.Some games try to add too much content and ends up creating a grinding experience, this felt just right.The combat is fun and rewarding and looks fantastic, the gameplay although very close to another known franchise, still finds a way to feel fresh and different enough to enjoy. The nemesis system is really a great new mechanic that I hope many more games will feature in the future.The story was enjoyeable although not spectacular, but the gameplay more than makes up for it."
,Recommended,241930,12624400,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Matthew,"I am a fan of The Lord Of The Rings and this game gives me recall of this tremendous novel!  The playing method of this game combined the way of playing assassin creed and batman but in the world of middle-earth.  It is really fun to stealth the Orcs and use the upgrade system to upgrade yourself to keep you fighting. The nemesis system makes this game more realistic as each time u are killed by Orcs or enemies, those enemies will be powerful than before. In other words, you need to strengthen yourself before encountering them next time if you want to secure a victory. Overally this game has a epic and historic game setting which can make you indulge in it. I would recommend this game to the Fan of the lord of the rings!"
76561198022803738,Recommended,241930,15822301,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Tytalus,"You should play this game because of Pushkrimp Dwarf-Killer.  He is undoubtedly the most evil, vindictive, horrible, nasty villain ever to grace a video game.  He'll adapt himself to your every weakness.  He'll strike you down just as you thought you were about to savour victory.  He'll ruin you, he'll destroy you.  He'll hunt you.  And every time he kills you he gets stronger.You'll slaughter other Orcs to try to weaken him.  You'll hone your skills in the hope of besting him.  But it won't matter.  You might catch him unaware and off guard, but he has trained harder than you, killed more than you.  And he will kill you.  Again.So you'll hide, but he'll find you.  You'll try to complete quests but he'll foil you.  You'll try to kill his henchmen, but he'll intervene... and you will die.You will NEED to gain vengeance.  But he is born to defeat you.  The one orc who has risen above the rest with the sole focus of being better that you.He is your nemesis.He is not a villain crafted by a design studio.  He is procedurally generated.  A child of the nemesis system, and a child of your own failure.  He exists only for you, and only because of you, and only to defeat you.  And he will.And then one day.  One sweet sweet day, you will do everything just right, and with one beautiful final click you will have a revenge more triumphant than any gaming kill you have ever had before.  You will shout with glee, for finally, finally you have defeated Pushkrimp Dwarf-Killer......Until he comes back....And kills you again."
,Recommended,241930,21609340,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Captain Price,"NOTE: Long Review. Sorry.If you’re a fan of the great Batman Arkham titles, you will love this one. The functionality is very nice, and one of the cleanest I’ve seen in a while. The main combat is a lot like Batman, so if you’re a retired Batman Veteran like myself, you will have no problem switching  to this game.The open world is also very neat. It gives a Mordor feel, as if you’re right outside Mordor in the   Haradrim area.  For the most part, I feel like most of the map is the same, but it doesn’t bother me too much.This game also has a handful of difficult creatures that you can hunt for and defeat. The trolls are extremely hard to kill at first, due to your skills not being upgraded enough to defeat it. It also has some other creatures that can be a challenge at first.The leveling up in this game is also very fun. You can get xp to level up your character’s moves, battle attacks, health and weapons. You will find that your character is really weak to begin with, but will be invincible at the end.Now I’d like to point this out. Coming from someone who has read the Lord of the Rings books, this does not follow the books. It’s a Lord of the Rings influenced story, with Lord of the Rings Characters, in a Lord of the Rings game. It does but it doesn’t feel like Lord of the Rings. But I feel like I can say that for almost every Lord of the Rings game. No one, has been able to pull off an image that Petter Jackson designed after making the Trilogy movies, you just can’t beat them. However, it does follow Tolkien's ideas, in fact I own a LOTR book which has a bio on everything in Middle Earth, and the story of Celebrimbor is true, and follow's accurately.The campaign was enjoyable. I’ve always wanted to know more about Sauron which this game explained more. The game wasn’t as campaign influenced like the Batman games. They’re more like quests that build off another to build a story. After playing some hours, I recommend playing more than one campaign quest at a time, so that it feel more like a whole story. Instead of one here and there.Also, this game goes on sale almost every major Steam sale there is. It’s been as low as $12.49, on more than one sale. And, that it’s the GOTY edition, meaning all DLC, which gives more to the game and more replay ability. I highly recommend this game, it’s been one of the better games I’ve played in a while. I’d also like to mention this. There are lots of people saying its optimized bad. It isn’t. People also say its GPU demanding. It isn’t. You just need decent gaming specs. My specs are listed below and I was getting 40fps-60fps on medium render resolution.  Hope you liked this review, and again, sorry it was a little long. It was just too hard to say everything I wanted to in a short review. As for this game deserves a good review. Thanks for reading and I hope you’ll like the game! See you in the forums ;)Specs:Intel ® Core ™ i7-4510U CPU @ 2.00GHz-2.60GhzAMD Radeon R9 M275X 2GB8GB of RAMWindows 10NOTE: This game will not run on anything lower then DirectX 11!"
,Recommended,241930,12537289,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Owwlll,"Absolutely amazing! Proof that not all stealth games are boring. Combat is fantastic, the graphics are superb and the gameplay is adaptive and addicting. The world looks and feels great, marking targets and hunting down captains can consume you for hours, nevermind the side missions and collectables. Perfectly combines Hand to Hand, Ranged and Stealth combat with a nice selection of skills and abilities  to make combat fluid and cinematic. I particularly like the vendetta missions where you are given an oppurtunity to avenge one of your online friends,adds an extended play/replay value. Highly recommend!"
,Not Recommended,241930,32955879,Posted: 28 June,all,Ezekial Jeans,"It's not fun to kill high-level orcs if they go down just as quickly and easily as the low-level ones.It's not fun to be stealthy if you never get caught.It's not fun to search for and collect things when you have a waypoint telling you exactly where those things are.It's not fun to sit through cutscenes if there was no engaging, substantial gameplay to pecede them.It's not fun to take your thumb off the left stick and put your controller down because even though you're finally back in the game after that cutscene, you're still not actually playing.It's not fun to collect high-level runes if the game is already easy.It's not fun to unlock abilities if you don't need to use them.It's not fun to play a game that feels like one big tutorial.It's not fun to have your hand-held.It's not fun."
,Recommended,241930,24681746,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Geralt of Trivia,"One of the best games I've ever played.This game, while it has just an ok story, and it can become a little bit repetitive, has an amazing combat system with a lot of great abilities and combos that you unlock throughout the game, and most importantly, the nemesis system which makes it stand out.The nemesis system is amazing. It makes the game more personal, you fight for own vengence. I really like it.So, I'll list the pros and cons, because I like lists:Pros:1. Great combat, extremely fun.2. The nemesis system. Simply amazing.3. Great graphics, still looks good after 2 years.4. Great performance.5. Large map, lots of things to do.6. Good controls, best played with the Steam Controller, since you need to aim a lot and normal controllers suck♥♥♥♥♥for aiming. KB/M is good too but I think controller is better for the kind of combat this game has.7. Great voice work.8. Good score.9. Lots of fun abilities to unlock.Cons:1. Kind of a VRAM hog.2. Uninspiring boss fights. The combat is great... but the boss fights were really underwhelming.3. Not that lore-friendly to Lord of The Rings, but that's just being nitpicky.4. Can become a tiny bit repetitive. Thankfully killing orcs is so much fun.It's well worth the current full asking price of 40$, which also includes all the DLCs, but as of this review, it's on sale for 10$, which is a steal! Go for it!Highly recommended!"
76561197975607244,Recommended,241930,31623890,Posted: 8 May,all,Nomad,"This is an amazing game. For me it took the ""Arkham/counter"" fight mechanic to a new level. Added stealth kills, ranged combat and mounts. The nemesis system is well known now and something I would like to see more of. the only sure fire way to kill a chieftain and have them stay dead is to behead them. Chop of a limb, stab an eye and they will be back, bandaged and royally p'ed off. I love this aspect of the game.For the Tolkien purists I'm sure there's plenty to dislike but for those who simply dabble in the lore there is plenty to love. There are collectables and the like but they aren't intrusive(like the far cry games). The story isn't that great to be honest and is easily made to play on the background as you weave your own tale by defeating enemies and unlocking new skills.You choose your play-style, all ""swords/bows"" blazing is an option or stealth dagger in the darkness play is also available for wannabe ""ninjas"". I return to this game again and again and have played across systems. You can pick the GITY edition up for a ""handful of beans"" if you know where to look. Even at full price this was awesome on sale or at the give-away prices you can find this it is a crime not to own it.I am looking forward to the sequel and you should be too. In the meanwhile pick this up. if you love swords and stealth and combat you will have a blast."
76561198268051160,Recommended,241930,33219099,Posted: 4 July,all,jeighneither,"This is the first real game I've played in more than twenty years!  I put down the controller when I was just 15, so to start up on this game was a challenge...for about ten hours, and then I had managed the cortrols and started kicking major♥♥♥♥♥ and having fun.  It takes some thinking, and isn't all about attacking balls out, and that's one of it's best qualities.  I guarantee that you'll be buying the next version after playing SOM.  Shadow of War comes out in August, and looks even more amazing.  Since I was brand new to gaming, that last thing I'd played was Metroid on Nintendo; I had a big learning curve as to basic concepts already understood by many, but the hardest thing was the many moves and controller button combos.  I'm glad a took the time to master it though, It's advanced my skills quickly."
76561198062236267,Recommended,241930,12337198,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Wolfman,"I´m playing this game for two days now (PC Windows version). And I really like it. It´s challenging and the fighting animations are well done. Some might say, this game is just a clone of other games like Assassins Creed etc - but the setting and the atmosphere are absolutely convincing. Graphics and performance are fine (GTX770, i7-4770, 16 GB RAM, no lags at all) And the cinematic cutscenes are beyond awesome. Playing it with a gamepad is recommended, i couldn´t get along with the mouse/keyboard setup. But maybe thats just me.Further i like the Nemesis-System - Orcs who kill you (yes, this happens a lot in the beginning, if you are a noob like me ;) - will be promoted to captains and become stronger. When you meet them again, you will face a tougher challenge. Once killed, they stay dead of course...Give it a try. It´s fun.Cheers, Wolf"
,Recommended,241930,34102994,Posted: 8 August,all,GeneSteeler,"Duration: 46 hours...and countingCompletion: I finally finished the last hunt missions to obtain 100% completion.  There are still the DLCs to work my way through and also quite a few achievements to get.I have really enjoyed my time with this game.  An avid LOTR fan, the background story is interesting.  The game plays like a very violent Batman:Arkham game. Although some complain it is repetitive, I never really bored of sneaking around and slicing throats... until I was basically done.  So, there are plenty of fun hours to be had here as the Ranger gets more and more powerful as the story progresses.  Lots of collectibles, fights, challenges and sneaking around.  Great fun!"
76561198271982074,Recommended,241930,22696155,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Obama-chan,"Loved the game on console and even more on PC. I have encountered zero bugs or glitches, and it runs smoothly. I enjoy the style of the game and the rich lore from the ""Lord of the Rings"" novels."
,Recommended,241930,33429799,Posted: 10 July,all,Siming,Its like assasin creed but in mordor
,Recommended,241930,32879439,Posted: 27 June,all,MrHawkyy,"This is a First Sight review of the game.If I get anything wrong about story etc. I'm truly sorry thenCombatHonestly the combat is amazing. The only downside is trying to finish enemies once you knocked them down. It gets hard the more enemies you attack and is not like Assassin's Creed were you can stack finishers and kill 40+ enemies in under 1 minute *Cough*Assassin's Creed Black Flag. If you are a batman player you might enjoy it, for me I think its good in a way but not perfectStoryThe Story really tangles your brain, but you untangle the story by playing more (as of what I heard). The game is really story-rich leaving you with theories you have to solve until the end of the campaign. There isnt much I can write as I only have 2 hours.The Saurons ArmyBasically, there are normies and Captains/Warchiefs. The more you die to the Captains, the more they will get promoted and get stronger. They then might duel with another Captain and get promoted again all the way to Warchief. You on the other hand, have NO control of what goes on in the land.I wish there was a way you can recruit peasants (Which you free)And take a areaConclusionVery well done game with very nice graphics and well opimized. Awesome Story and quests.8/10"
,Recommended,241930,31353554,Posted: 25 April,all,TheUndertaker,"In my books, this is a real fun game. The graphics are great, as are the fighting action and cut-scenes. I also really like the the take on leveling up mechanics.As regards the storyline and missions, well, all good on that front too.If you enjoy RPG's in open world settings, with lots of fighting, stealth kills, branding enemies into following your will, bows and arrows and all that jazz, well, this should be right up your alley.Personally, I give it 9/10."
,Recommended,241930,34533207,Posted: 27 August,all,Chairrface,Good game but not challenging at all.Main story is short with disappointing final phase.DLC:Lord of the Hunt - great dlc with superior to original campain open world experience and better warchiefs fights.The Bright Lord - short prequel with final boss fight i expected from main game.
,Recommended,241930,33428519,Posted: 10 July,all,Sintharius,"When it was suggested to me in the Summer Sale as a similar game to Assassin's Creed and Batman: Arkham City, I have to say I was skeptical.Now, 20+ hours into the game, I'm glad I got this game. I do not read The Hobbit or The Lord of the Rings, so I can only comment on the game and not the lore.Graphics are great, even on low.Combat system is similar enough to Batman: Arkham games, easy to learn and use while having its interesting twists with different combos using all three weapons. Best thing about this game is that it allows you the option of full frontal assault with the sword, sniping enemies from afar with the bow, or sneaking around stabbing enemies with the dagger - and there's no karma meter to hold you back from killing (a la Dishonored)!Weapon customization system is good for flexible strategies versus different enemies, while simple enough to tailor to your likings. The legend forging missions are interesting, but I'd like to know more what those legends actually do - besides giving some carvings on your weapons and money.The Uruk leader system is an interesting mechanic, and once you get Brand it's possible to manipulate the system to your benefits. The randomized weaknesses add an interesting gimmick to the captains and warchiefs and keep you on your toes. It can get repetitive hunting down a leader's domain or invades his event area to mess him up though.I can certainly see why this game got Game Of The Year. It deserves the title.To recap: Just get it. It's cheap, packs tons of content and has a lot of things to keep you interested."
76561198049260692,Recommended,241930,21855371,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Kez,"Why do all the Orks sound like cockneys?On a serious note this game is excellent, the nemesis system in particular.Been able to manipulate and control the Ork hierarchy is awesome creating some of the finest situations/conflicts with a multitude of Ork captains. Each Ork will remember each encounter you've had with them.This game is worth getting just for this mechanic alone. Also it's combat mechanic is based on the FreeFlow combat of the Arkham series. So it's a combat system that's easy to learn but hard to master.Talion has many different means of attacks to dispatch the Ork menace:Like getting into the thick of things then you can build up your combo and instantly kill orks with some flashy kills.Stealth kills your thing, then you can hide in some bushes and wait for an unassuming Ork to come across your path giving you the perfect oppurtunity to slit their throat.Don't like been touched or have issues with personal space then you're in luck you can fire a rain of arrows upon thine enemy at a safe distance. Or just attract some caragors to rend Ork flesh from bone.Too lazy to lift a finger? Then you can dominate your foe's to have them fight for you. How efficient is that!There's also a story in there about a dead man and a dead elf joining forces to take down the Dark Lord Sauron's Black Hand."
,Recommended,241930,19996808,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,UFG | AtaRaXia,"This Open World Title is absolutly amazing to say the least.... Shadow of Mordor is a continued story based on where the Lord of the Rings finnished off.The story is really good and being a fan of the Lord of the Rings, Shadow of Mordor really made sense stroy wise and I really enjoyed the new characters that were introduced and how they refer back to old characters from Lord of the Rings. Overall 10/10 for the story line.The action and combat system is unreal and I felt at home just after a little while playing. The combos are insane and you can really rank your abilities to draw one mean♥♥♥♥♥combo that will destroy an entire Uruk army!The ranking system is broken into two sections which require different tasks to rank them up and unlock new abilities. How to unlock new abilities is really straight forward to understand and really fun to do.The side quests are really enjoyable and take some time to complete which in my book is great because if you want to take a slight break from the story then you can try out some challenging side quests before carrying on with the main stroy. Some of the side quests are hard so prepare yourself and hold on to your paitence levels.The maps are great and there is a lot of exploring to do and the layout allows you to use the enviroment to your advantage during combat which I really liked a lot. The creatures that dwell around are amazing too and really add a great impact to the general map feel.Overall the game felt like a 10/10 for me and I am really looking forward to the follow up on the Shadow of Mordor in the Future."
76561198317874847,Recommended,241930,29962237,Posted: 16 February,all,BALAKESANAKE,So i played this game first on the ps4 and i really enjoyed it so much that i bought it for the pc aswell this game is basically if Assassin's creed and Batman Arkham games had a baby this game is a joy to play and heres why:Story: you are a ranger watching the black gate ? i think ? while having some family issues the right hand of Sauron attacks you and sacrifices you to summon a spirit that died with the ring the spirit gets into you instead and revives you from the dead so you can have your revenge against the right hand of Sauron.In my opinion the story is the weak part in this game because you wont be caring about any characters they introduce to youGameplay: so the gameplay is the fun part you will be slaying orcs or as they call them uruks a stronger version of orcs and their leaders the combat is a complete copy from batman but there is stealth like in assasins creed and parkour as well this game has a special system called the nemesis system in which the uruks will remember what you have done and if you kill someone and he survives that uruk will come back for revenge your main goal in this game is to win up the 5 warchiefs and make them your minions from the skills youll get as being a host of a spiritpros: great gameplay really brutal and satisfyingthe nemesis system works  awesomeof course it takes time in the lord of the rings universe so you nerds will enjoy itcons: poor story and charactersTHE STORY BOSSES NOT COUTING THE FIRST ONE WHICH IS THE ONLY ONE WHO IS AWESOME ARE AWFULLcombat can get rapatative after 30 hours of gameplay XDDmy final score for this game is8.5/10i really enjoyed this game and i hope you all will
76561198099600356,Recommended,241930,12337518,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,☠☣Demonid☣☠,epic
,Recommended,241930,23937781,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Malignity,"Some of the better (if not the best) video games featured within Tolkien's legendarium are surprisingly the ones which take an auxiliary part during the timeline of the LOTR trilogy. Shadow of Mordor is no exception. It boasts an impressive map (divided in two zones), filled with details and areas to explore. The size of the map may not be as large as other open-world video games, but the excellent combat system which can be sprinkled with stealth sections, totally makes up for it. This is not a game that gets boring after the first few hours and I'm sure that along with it's DLC, it is worth buying it. Middle-earth Shadow of Mordor manages to fill the gap between The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings, while providing a fun game even for new Tolkien fans, as it features plenty of lore of it's own and a natural difficulty scale. It goes without saying that it is a gorgeous game at maxed-out detailling, though you will need a powerful system and 6GBs of VRAM for the best textures. It fully deserves the Game of the Year awards it has received from several publications."
,Not Recommended,241930,33384418,Posted: 8 July,all,Astrowuffs,"I beat the game but it was a chore. It's good at first, but it is way to short and disgstingly repetitiive."
,Not Recommended,241930,33878578,Posted: 29 July,all,zelfit,While it is very fun for the first few hours this game fails to entertain you during the rest of play time.It is quite enjoyable slasher with amazing animation. But story line is too short and boring and secondary quests almost nonexistent.Ok game to buy on a sale but I can’t imagine paying full AAA price for it.
76561198226669240,Recommended,241930,30517082,Posted: 14 March,all,Charles,"Put way too much of my time into this game. It becomes REALLY easy in the late game to the point where you have to handicap yourself. Overall, good game but needs to be a lot harder."
,Not Recommended,241930,25531274,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Tom,"Disclaimer: Mixed review. Didn't feel like it deserved a Recommendation.Have actually read the books. Seen all the films. Im passionate about this, so criticism isn't done to ""hate on"" the game. I just want to see something like this but better done.Positives-Beautiful Setting-Beautiful graphics-World building is great through the collecteable artefacts which help flesh out Mordor as a once pure land.-Planning assassinations. The game is perfect in terms of a sandbox. You have various ways to approach objectives (through climbing up to the tops of ruins or fighting through hordes of enemies with the combat system)Neutrals / Negatives.(Most of these are borderline negative)-""Arkham"" style combat. Some may enjoy this, but others will be sick of it. Having only ever had experience with it in this game, I hate it. Its love or hate really. I personally found it repetetive, dull and unengaging-""Nemesis"" system. As a selling point for the game, its really rather poorly done. The first few Uruk Hai who kill you will be memoreable. They'll make thay introductory experience great. The problem is the system loses its charm for various reasons...1) A kill ""Nemesis"" can come back from the dead. This completley ruins the experience as it takes away that satisfaction of having killed that Nemesis. It makes them seem like a regular enemy.2) Being constantly killed by one Nemesis can make him so strong that he literally becomes unkilleable. Throwing spears that kill you in 1 hit AND the enemy is invulnerable to being stealth killed OR an arrow to the head? The system needs some kind of limiter to make a nemesis seem challenging, but not the Lord of bloody Mordor.-The map areas are split. The game has 2 separate open world areas. It would have been better to have 1 large one ; no loading times between zones, better game flow and itd make the Nemesi seem more... ""Alive"". Both map zones have different Nemesi ; the whole point of the system is to make enemies memoreable, yet all this does is make you forget them.-Poor story. Generic ""avenge your family"" story. So much more could have been done based on the source material at hand.-Bland main character. Why should I care about Talion? He isnt developed in any way. One could argue that this is to allow us to ""impose ourselves onto him"". Rubbish. If so, make him voiceless and fix the story. We're apparently meant to care about his family having been murdered.-Repetetive. Some may like this. I certainly don't. The ""challenges"" arent challenging (dull if anything). The combat is samey, the Nemesis system loses value after a while.-Huge download. It was at 42.1 GIGABYTES. Why? Prerendered cutscenes are included, inflating the file size. Why not just have in game ones? The graphics are already fantastic.-Doesn't stay true to lore. Although the setting does stay true to the lore (not ALL of Mordor is a blasted hellscape), the insertion of some creatures (namely Ghuls) is not lore friendly.Final CommentsIt feels like an Assassins Creed game set in Arda. Thats probably the best way to sum it up honestly. I can't recommend a dull, repetetive game that has a ""Novelty"" system that wears thin after a while. Save your money for something of better quality.EDIT 1: Clarity issues."
76561197995479302,Recommended,241930,24683135,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,bosevis,Decapitation never gets old
76561198010423104,Recommended,241930,28196686,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,AcMaiden,"At first, I was pretty dissapointed. I felt like it thrown us into the open world way too soon.This game is really not relying on his story much but more on his gameplay.You'll get short (very well done) cutscenes in most main missions and that's about it story wise.It's short but has very interesting pieces of lore that was never mentionned in LOTR or the Hobbit.So to sums this upStory : Would have taken more but what we had was good!Gameplay : Perfect! The battles are extremely fluid, I'd say even more than Assassin's Creed!Graphics : Awesome and also well optimised! Always had 60+FPS with a GTX980 and i5 4690k!Difficulty : Waaaaaay too easy! If you played AC before, this will be a piece of cake for you! No difficuly settings either...Lenght : Kinda short, especially if you rush main quests a bit. Tons of collectibles if you are into that.I would really recommend if the game is around 15-30$LOTR fans will love this!"
,Recommended,241930,22850882,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,RiderOfAngmar,"Have this game for the XB360... didn't play more than 1 hr before i stopped.Downloaded on Steam sale and started playing less than 5 days ago, it's consumed my life. PC master race is valid.. this game just looks and plays so much better and fluid on my rig than on the 360, all detail level up. And it's so much fun too, just as much as the Batman trilogy of games.So glad i bought this on sale, that's why i'm fully Steam now rather than consoles."
76561197983712715,Recommended,241930,24780566,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Zargani,"i already finished it on ps4, now with the power of gtx 1080, im definetly playing it again, 10/10!!!!"
,Recommended,241930,25559778,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Merlotmanick,"You cannot get this game without the season pass, that being said also downloading the extra 4gb HD content pack is a must.I'd recommend this to any LOTR fan or anyone that wants a truly open world to just behead and brutalize anything that stands in your wayPlus jumping on a caragor and eating an uruks head? ♥♥♥♥ yeah."
,Recommended,241930,15685905,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Dom,"As a huge fan of LOTR i found the storyline very interesting and how it delves deep into a not fully known time period in Middle Earth history. And even if you're not a particular fan of LOTR you can still play this game as it differs from the time period in which LOTR is set. This game does a good job of explaining the story line too so you don't get lost at any point.The visual quality of this game is fantastic and all the models and textures of characters, creatures and other wild life are great.The game is split into two maps which are both very large and open to exploration/free roaming. There are some side missions/challenges that are fun to do. You can also create your own missions by targeting certain Uruk captains or warchiefs and killing them off.The combat style of this game really impressed me, some compare it to assassins creed and I can see why. However, it is much broader than that as you have loads of extra abilities to unlock and you can use surroundings and distractions to your advantage. There is a great stealth and tactical element to the game and you can, most of the time, stealth your way to anywhere you want if you play it right. The game will tell you how to use these distractions but its up to you how well you use them. You are also able to ride certain beasts which is always fun!The ""sauron's army"" section is really cool too as it shows you how an Uruk army might work, there is lots to do thre as well once you are able to ""brand"" or ""dominate"" uruk captains and warchiefs.I haven't encountered any sorts of lag AT ALL while playing this game which i was very happy with.My PC has 8GB of RAM, 4GB 770 GTX Windforce GPU and a i-3575k CPU just to put the ""no lag"" into perspective.Playing about 24 hours of this game I have encountered 1 map glitch and another very minor glitch during one ""legend of Urfael"" (side)mission. Both were easy to solve as one was falling inside a wall, all i had to do was teleport back to the wraith tower and the other one is more complex to explain but it involved me having to distance myself from ""branded"" uruks in order to allow me to kill other ""branded"" uruks lol.Lastly, I have tried two of the DLCs so far and again the storylines of those are great and they delve deeper into Middle Earth Lore as I expected. There is actually quite a lot of extra content as they provide you with lots of extra missions. However, they don't bring any new map locations to the game, but that isn't disappointing really as i didn't expect new locations.Overall the game quality is amazing and the missions are very varied in objective, i recommend this game to everyone who enjoys free-roaming and also loads of combat stealth or not. The cut-scenes in this game are also great and enjoyable to watch, some are semi-interactive. To those who like LOTR and its lore this is a game for you!"
76561197972382461,Recommended,241930,34199028,Posted: 12 August,all,DoGCyN,"I write my reviews like a critique. There are no spoilers in this review. If you happen to start reading this however, it may very well be a good idea to play the game first, and finish it. My personal overall score for this game is an 8/10. It's good and definitely worth playing. Good luck, and I hope you come back to discuss with me (whether via messages or comments below), your own thoughts!Story: 7/10========You are Talion. In a time before the Lord of the Rings movies, you and your family has been slain by the Black Hand of Sauron. Talion becomes cursed and is unable to die, joined alongside a long dead elf. Time for vengence. +8Most characters are vastly boring, uninteresting, and don't get a lot of screen time. -1Game's ending is somewhat of a cliffhanger and is not well explained. -1Despite not having a ton of screen time, Torvin's character is fantastic (+2), and should've been utilized further (-1). +1Voice Acting: 10/10==============This is a category I use rarely in games, but it must be noted just how damn fantastic the voice work is in this game. Well done. +10Sound/Music: 9/10=============Overall very good. Very Lord of the Ringish (as it should be). No tracks really jump out at me however, so it's not perfect. But you won't be disappointed in the slightest. +9Graphics: 8/10==========Character models all look pretty damn great. +9All environments look pretty damn drab and boring. -1Gameplay: 7/10===========Get ready to hit the ""not helpful"" button, for I'm sure to offend someone in this category. Gameplay hinges upon the same mechanic of the Batman Arkham games. Attack, counter, dodge, throw projectiles, rinse and repeat. Works great for the most part. +9Game becomes too easy too fast. With any lack of a real threat in ~95% of the game, you'll have no problem charging into a huge colony of enemies, only to come walking out on top. Yes, you are a complete badass. Problem is there is very little attempt at any strategy. I want to actually enjoy stealthing around slowly and carefully to get the upper hand on what could become a bad situation for our character. But why bother? You don't need to. Just run in and kill everyone. One thing I love about a game such as XCOM, is a lurking threat. Maybe I should prepare for this upcoming situation? Say in an RPG, maybe I need to level up and collect some potions before this boss fight? In this game however, none of that exists. It is the Michael Bay of video games, even with explosions. Very little thought needed overall. -3Focus is overpowered (slow down time mechanic). If I had a choice, I would either make the time for it exponentially smaller, or remove it alltogether. -1Ability trees are nice, and collecting power, which is required to obtain higher level abilities, is a great way to influence actually venturing out and killing your enemies (or bringing them to your side). +1Nemesis system is a nice idea (+1), but overall very pointless. It's required for a few story missions, and beyond that, I never touched it. Didn't need to due to the lack of any real threat in the game (-1). +0Killing animations all look damn fantastic. +1Overall: 8.2/10 (41/50 = 0.82)=====================It does some things exceptionally well and fails miserably in others. The pros do outweigh the cons though. Game is worth it!"
76561197983672075,Recommended,241930,23245914,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,DaetherX,It's fun.If you like this type of beat-em-up (or whatever) style game then pick up the GOTY edition during the holiday or summer sale. Some advice for fun: Just do the main quest line until after you get to the second area and gain the ability to mind control orcs.I beat the main campaign at around 37 hours having done almost all of the side quests and messed around for a good while just killing and/or marking orcs for fun. It controls well.
,Recommended,241930,29105767,Posted: 7 January,all,[TWC] CodeUnicorn,Great game honestly one of the best games I have played
,Recommended,241930,16014795,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,DJSF,"tl;dr -> Play asBatmananassassinagent of Good before the events of The Lord of the Rings. 11/10 orc-killing simulator.I got this game on launch and was so excited to play because I love the Middle Earth universe and Assassin's Creed/Arkham playstyle. I absolutely adored my gameplay experience - to the point that I gave SoM the #1 spot in my Top 5 games of 2014.The aesthetics are beautiful - the amount of detail in the characters and game world are very well-done. When it rains for the first time, you will be in for a nice treat - the raindrops flicking off of your feet and body have a nice effect. The blood and gore come in copious amounts, enough to satisfy anyone who enjoys mutilation and flying body parts (in slow-motion too). The sounds, music, and voice acting are superb and add to the immersion into the ME universe. The story is satisfactory - your typical quest for ultimate vengeance - but there definitely is a lot of lore to be found within (especially in the numerous side missions).The controls are not too difficult to familiarize yourself with, especially if you've played any games in the Assassin's Creed/Batman Arkham franchises. The keyboard and mouse combo work perfectly, but I personally prefer the controller. There is a helpful tutorial that will show you the beginning mechanics you need to know, and more are provided whenever a new element is introduced to the game. The learning curve is minimal to moderate depending on your experience with open-world action RPGs. I would recommend anyone with experience to play on the hardest difficulty to increase immersion - I found that mid/late-game the game took a big dive in difficulty. The game has a certain way intended for you to play - interrogating enemies to find the weaknesses of stronger chiefs - however, I found that after ~10 or so hours of playing, I could just blitz through and go straight for the orc chiefs (brute-forcing them even if I was using an ineffective strategy). From what I've seen in the online community, many people will actually let themselves die to force enemy leaders to level up (even then it wasn't too challenging). I will admit, the journey to achieving a god-like character is fun and gruelling - in my first few hours, I would run away if I ever encountered 2 or more leaders simultaneously, now, I will purposely run into as many level 15+ (20 is the max) chieftains as possible (and still barely break a sweat).Gameplay consists of you doing a variety of different missions throughout the kingdom of Mordor. There aretwo main map locations you will be frequenting, the second typically providing higher level enemies.Like most open-world RPGs, there are a large variety of side quests available, each having a bit of text flavor explaining something to do with your player character (ex: how he snuck into an encampment and assassinated everyone; the flavor for a stealth-oriented mission). If you are familiar with any of the Assassin's Creed/Batman Arkham games, then gameplay will feel very similar. You can usually choose to use violence or stealth when traversing through areas/missions, but be aware that you will face a sea of enemies should the alarm be raised. To avoid this, a good strategy is to move toward the alarm and kill anyone attempting to raise it (even hitting them will stop the alarm process).Combat is very, very fluid and looks fantastic. You have a heavy and quick attack, counter, dodge, and can use a bow and arrow. Later, you will be able to unlock new abilities when you gain enough experience to level up. Abilities include throwing a set of daggers, phase rushing (can upgrade to phase insta-kills that you can chain), and mounting special creatures. Combat while mounted is also a lot of fun. Stronger enemies will drop item runes that you can use to augment your equipment.One of the nicest, unique features in this game is the Nemesis system. The orc armies have a hierarchy, and each individual will make different plays to try to climb the ranks. If a normal orc kills you, they will immediately be promoted into the hierarchy (orcs already in the hierarchy will become promoted). If you continue to die to the same orc, they will gain strength and levels - they will also make comments whenever you reappear to fight them, ranging from confident taunts to sheer horror at you refusing to stay dead. Sometimes, an orc leader you kill will come back after being defeated (yes, even from getting their head cut off). They will usually have a battle scar related to the injuries you gave them (scratches, bandages, etc) and will make a comment. Personally, the Nemesis system seemed a bit lacking for me because I very rarely gained a nemesis - even when I purposely died to enemies. Perhaps I was just killing everyone too quickly, I am not sure. The most times I've seen the same orc leader come back (from death, not just from retreating) was twice.As you progress in the story, you will unlock the ability to ""brand"" enemies. Branding orcs will cause them to fight for you when you activate them, causing them to go hostile to any nearby unbranded individuals. You can even brand orc leaders, and this is typically a very popular way to farm top tier runes. For example, you interrogate a normal orc and identify an orc leader with a weakness that is very easy to exploit (like weakness to fire). You then brand this orc and get him to rise all the way to orc warlord (highest rank) and help him with missions until he is level 20. After summoning him, you can insta-kill him by grabbing him or activating his suicide mode, most likely causing him to drop a top-tier equipment rune. Personally, I just liked finding the coolest looking orcs and making them my warchiefs. They will even have different ways of speaking - my absolute favorite orcs do not even talk, they just laugh, or breath menacingly. Orcs will also vary in appearance, attack preference (heavy shield, ranged, poison, etc), strengths, and weaknesses.The highest-ranked orc leaders will generally have other orcs in the hierarchy as officers - these individuals will appear alongside the leader should he be summoned. To make confrontations easier, it is advised that you either kill or brand all of a leaders' officers first. Regarding the difficulty, I eventually would just go straight for leaders without touching their officers to make the battle more challenging. After a time (like when you die or the next day arrives), orcs will move in and replace empty spots in the hierarchy. If you are quick enough, it is very possible to (temporarily) eliminate the entire hierarchy.Orcs will conduct missions against one another, which can you can interrupt by activating the respective mission waypoint. An example of a mission is a duel between two orcs - the winner gaining power and the loser usually dying (unless they retreat). If you wish, you can help one side, or just kill both combatants. Be advised, an orc that successfully retreats will increase in power. When you have a branded orc, you can interrogate it to learn weaknesses of hierarchy members (the warlords require interrogation of ranked orcs), or order it to conduct a mission against another orc. You can even command warlords to fight other members of the hierarchy - and they will bring along any of their officers.The missions you play also have an effect on Mordor. For example, liberating captive humans will slowly cause overall resistance to increase. As a result, humans will be more likely to help you fight the enemy.Overall, the game plays very smoothly and does not demand an unreasonable amount of skill or concentration to be enjoyable.ABSOLUTELY RECOMMEND!Cheers,DJSF@DJSF's Rogue ReviewsMy Website"
,Recommended,241930,24318625,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Manbeast,"Slick controls, tons of optional challenges and collectibles, a few innovative game  mechanics and multiple progression systems make this is very fun game. It stays mostly true to Tolkien's mythology, though it takes a few liberties in order to tell its story properly. I especially liked the collectibles that gave you a voice-acted glimpse into the past.My biggest problem is that the combat becomes crazy easy once you unlock certain abilities and Runes. Even the hardest warchiefs and their bodyguards become easy to defeat if you know how to chain your abilities right.All in alI highly recommend this game, though the DLC is a bit of a mixed bag."
,Recommended,241930,12584700,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Trench,"One of the best games i have played to this day, and i have played many.I was first sceptical to buying the game as i have seen plenty of other similar sequels to big series, but after watching different gameplay videos, i decided to buy it on PC.As it was controller supported, i managed to convert my PS3 controller into a Xbox Controller playing the game with Xbox Buttons but it was still fun.Reading some reviews they talk about newer Assasins Creed and Batman games where a lot of combat and if i can say parkour system is taken from, as i have not played Assasins Creed for many years from Assasin's Creed 2, and i have never played Batman games, i really enjoyed the gameplay.I initially made a save slot and played for roughly ten hours, during this gameplay a lot of time went to try to eliminate all orc Captain's, which in fact the system is brilliant, as you challenge different orc leaders or captain's, when they die someone else take their place, as well with a lot of frustration from getting killed on my first try, it also introduces something completely new to me the nemesis system which is awesome.If you get killed in the game, the time advances and you can see Captain's challenge eachother and take higher positions, you feel the game progresses by the actions you do. As for other gameplay aspects i really enjoyed the jumping, climbing and combat which took me back several years when i enjoyed the Assasin's Creed Series. Stealth killing orcs from ledges, awesome combat with cool combat finishers really made the game cool.I started a 2nd save with more of a serious gameplay where i wanted to collect everything, and now after playing trough the whole game, i have around 17 hours on my save two, where i now have 100%, just collecting, roaming trough and killing orcs, doing side-missions, unlock abilities and upgrades just made the game complete. Exept the final boss-fight, i really enjoyed the game, and i would recommend it to others, buy it. It's worth its money.9/10"
,Recommended,241930,12705412,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,xLaliTeR,"Realy good game! reminds me a bit ""The witcher"" style, who liked The witcher will definitely like this one!Very recommended :)"
76561198072719550,Recommended,241930,15822009,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Savage Echo,One of the saviours of 2014. Recommended.
,Recommended,241930,12333067,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dondi,"Orc Killing Simulator 2014, because we aren't tired of the Assassin's Creed combat system yet."
,Not Recommended,241930,33384887,Posted: 8 July,all,Sister Fister,Gameplay is extremely repititive and boring after first few hours. Story is mediocre. Only good thing about this game is voice acting.
76561198075762496,Recommended,241930,34077496,Posted: 7 August,all,Sumiya,"Middle-earth™: Shadow of Mordor™ is an open world, free to run around and slaughter anyone game. Especially once you learn to ride Caragors it is really fun to go on a killing spree.Pro:- The orcs are very well designed and differ in their appearance.- You can listen to them talk (about you) and spread rumors.- As the story developes, so does Sauron's army. Orcs get promoted or killed, gain power, get into struggles with each other. It feels very dynamic.- The nemesis system is an interesting concept where you get a chance to manipulate the forthcome of specific orcs or weaken others.- Riding Caragors. Fun.- The graphics look nice enough, even Mordor has its beautiful corners.Contra:- Once you encounter a Warchief and rub your hands with a thrill of anticipation, grab your trusty mount and fill your arrows, the game throws a handful of other Warchiefs at your location. For example, you have to go and kill Bolg the Defender, find his location and confront him. All of his Uruk Bro's come help him, which is okay since you're a badass Ghost-Ranger. But suddenly Golm the Gruesome, Kâka the Sh!t Vendor and Olgoth the D!ckbutt appear out of freakin' nowhere and ruin your day. And you will begin to hate those orcs, since they act like the school bullies who used to put you into a trashcan at every lunch break.- The face animations for the orcs is well made, but when you decide to play as an elf, you expect to look nice, right? Well, you're one ugly elf. The facial expressions look like memes from time to time.- Most runes are rather poor or utter useless. Like gaining 5% health on a headshot kill. With 5 arrows (Hello? I'm an elf! Shouldn't I be able to fart arrows?) you'll have to kill 5 orcs to gain a reasonable amount of health. Too bad you're surrounded by D!ckbutt and his friends.- Every time you die, you'll spawn on one of the safe(ish) towers. And everytime you'll get the same dialogue. It is short, but after being mauled to death by your nemesis for the dozenth time you'll not want to hear this again.For me there's nothing else to add. I recommend the game, it is challenging and at times really frustrating. But it's still in good fun, once you manage to kill those Warchief and his best buddies you'll feel like getting rid of a huge dump, finally flushing it down the toilet and wave goodbye with a superior look on your face."
,Recommended,241930,15061433,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Farsken,"It's fun to kill orcs!It's fun to stab them from behind, like death from the shadows.It's fun to slit their throats, and watch them bleed to death.It's fun to behead them, without mercy and no guilt.It's fun to shot them from the shadows, and designing traps for them.It's fun to put them on fire, and watch them flee in terror.It's fun to poisen their grog supply, like it's a sign of bad omen to come.It's fun to let them be eaten by released caragors, a vicious beast of Mordor.It's fun to trample them while riding a graug, one of the oldest species in Mordor.It's fun to unleash a flurry of strikes at them, and watch their head explode.It's fun to let them kill each other, branded for life, with your will as will.It's fun to kill them, from the front, from behind, from above, from below, from the left, from the right, from a distance, from the back on a beast, and from the wraith world.Killing is fun, fun, fun. And it's allways fun to hear an orc inspecting a dead orc: ""there has been a murder""."
,Recommended,241930,20105588,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Turgon,'One does not simply walk into Mordor' - BoromirMission- STORM THE BLACK GATEIncludes Assassins creed Gameplay without Assassins creed combat or story (But mass flashbacks are still in it)NOTE: Being killed will result in an uruk insulting the player and putting the player into -REVENGE mode-11/10 Lithariel Waifu
76561198006521653,Recommended,241930,24562663,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BorderReaper,"An enjoyable game, based on solid gameplay mechanics, story telling, and the wonderful world that J.R.R Tolkien blessed us with!"
,Recommended,241930,12373410,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Scratch,"This game is easily the best LOTR game ever created, i mean thats not saying much considering there have been very few good LOTR games, but Shadow of Mordor expands on nearly everything you would love in a combat game, it mixes together everything good about assassins creed, Arkham City/asylum/origins etc, and combines it all into a medevil, LOTR setting, ive barely played it and im already looking forward to what im able to do in the future, and damn, am i hooked,Hard to believe someone could actually make such an incredible masterpiece."
,Recommended,241930,32837178,Posted: 26 June,all,Felflame,"I could have made this sweet and short, and just say: You'd never have a dull moment, with this amazing beefed up Assassin's Creed and Batman influenced games, as well as the beautiful and interesting story locked onto The Hobbit and LOTRs.But nah man, let's continue..Shadows of Mordor is a fantastic gameplay experience with an underwhelming story, which is sad since it is set in the famous Lord of the Rings universe. Its gameplay foundations are built on the Assassin's Creed series free running and stealth and the Arkham series combat mechanics and it adds to these with the very impressive ""Nemesis"" system. However the story is rather weak and even the combination of Troy Baker and Nolan North couldn't redeem it.Taking this into account Shadows of Mordor is still an incredibly enjoyable experience. The system of manipulating and watching the interaction between different enemy captains and war chiefs is a marvel to behold. It is so incredibly satisfying to make a bodyguard betray his war chief, assist in the battle and watch as the bodyguard is crowned the new war chief, who you now control. The combat in the game feels fluid and fun, it takes everything from Arkham and makes it thoroughly gory. It is complimented by slowing time while using a bow, which is very much like playing out your Legolas fantasies. Also it makes it much more difficult. Ever play Assassin's Creed and feel like you can cut through everyone? Well even with wraith powers you still feel mortal in any close fought battle and I have personally died several times, even when playing it cagey. The game still retains a feeling of power and finesse but displays this constant tension, that death is only around the corner. One of the best parts of this is when you are killed, the Uruk that killed you will either increase in power or be promoted. It gives every battle a certain motivation that cannot be found in other games. They will even remember your last encounter and often taunt you!The enemy captains and war chiefs have their own individual traits and abilities that can be found out by gathering information form other Uruks. This adds a good amount of strategy to the game, as charging in and finding out that an Uruk captain is invulnerable to combat finishers, is not a solid strategy. It feels in game like Assassin's Creed should have felt, and every victory is so much sweeter. It sounds simple but making the highest ranking enemies both, the hardest to kill and the hardest to plan for, is a sound design choice.Unfortunately if you bought this game because you want to see some big name Lord of the Rings appearances, you're out of luck, as the game is set between the Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings trilogy. It's very unusual that a game studio would pay for a well known license and almost avoid the main content that makes LOTR what it is. However there is a fair amount of fan service in this game with references to the LOTR universe everywhere. Saruman is mentioned, Sauron is the unseen antagonist and of course Gollum makes an appearance, even if it isn't Andy Serkis. So I suppose it hits the spot if you're into the universe itself and not its main characters. Which is still an enthralling world to be immersed in.The main character of the game is Talion an ""Aragorn like"" ranger who is murdered along with his wife and son in a blood ritual. His fate is intertwined with a wraith who is clearly of elven origin but has lost his memories. Talion is banished from death and the only way to break the curse seems to be to help the wraith in finding out about his past which ties in to the very making of the one ring and Sauron's rise to power.Most of the gameplay consists of planning to kill a target or complete an objective then sneaking into a stronghold and carrying this out. There are quite a few side challenge missions and a few missions that require you to tame a certain beast or find an artifact, but there is not much in the way of variety in this game. Perhaps if the developers had another year to write a compelling story and add more variety in missions it would be a contender for game of the year. Overall Shadow of Mordor is a game that feels a little under its potential but the gameplay at its core is so satisfying that you'll find it easy to forgive. Go sink several hours into this compelling universe."
,Recommended,241930,12604581,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,LeeLoy,I'm a bigfan of LOTR and I found this awesome!
,Recommended,241930,23855498,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fletchmustdie,"Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor is a gritty, action adventure game that has great production values, excellent gameplay, and a solid story that is worth your time and money.Running this game on a i5 2500k @ 4 Ghz, and a GTX 780 ti, I ran everything at ultra with the exception of textures which I ran at high.  Visually speaking, the game is impressive with high quality animations, texture work, and long draw distances.  Only on occasions did I leave my target frame rate of 60 FPS @ 1080p.  Overall, I would rate the quality of this port as very high.Now that the technical details are out of the way let’s get into what makes this game so great.  First, the game play is very much in the style of Batman Arkham Asylum.  Which, if you are fan of that style of game play, you will find that this is the best implementation of that system outside of the Batman games.  The game makes you feel powerful in every way, and killing hordes of orcs is common place and richly satisfying.  The first time you are surrounded by 20+ enemies and you managed to execute the whole lot of them without breaking a chain is an amazing feeling.  The level up progression is well executed, as each unlock is interesting and helpful regardless of your play style.It is a Warner Brother’s open world game in the same vein of the Batman Arkham series, and Mad Max.  There are towers, you have to scale them to see all the missions and collectibles in an area.  At first, I just moaned when I first noticed that this was the way the game was going to progress.  However, the action and the story are tight enough, and more importantly, while the game is big, it isn’t too big.  As a result, the feeling of déjà vu that you get from other games of the type, is lessened.  Overall the mission structure feels tight, and the game is very well paced.  Much has been made of the Nemesis system in the game, a system where you try to kill the chain of command of Orcs.  I found this system to be both rewarding, and controller spiking frustrating all that the same time.  I will say that I liked the system enough that if it was introduced in another game with some tweaks made, I would love to see it return.The story is excellent, albeit simple.  It’s all about revenge, and a few subplots thrown in for good measure.  It simplicity works to the game’s advantage as it doesn’t try to do too much with the plot, which allows you to really appreciate the character development of the main characters.The soundtrack is worth mentioning in its own section.  Quite frankly, it is perfection.  Brooding, full orchestral, and emotional at all the right times, the music sucks you into the game a never let’s go.  It really is that good, and if you are into video game soundtracks, it is worth tracking down a copy, it’s that good.  It really could come from a Triple A movie production.Considering it has been out for a good amount of time now, getting this game at 50% off or greater is a steal.  There is easy 30 hours of gameplay here, and more if you get every single secret, and continue playing the nemesis system.  So go ahead and by this game, and kill some orcs it is the right thing to do."
,Recommended,241930,25067681,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Massacre,"This game stays true to its Genre, an open-world/action/adventure game. Being a bit different combat wise, it did take some time to get used to it. The combat system though a bit glitchy at times, is one of the best things about the game. For first couple hours strategies to kill uruks would be better but once you advance through the story the combat becomes relatively easy. The graphics are fine and the side missions are good too. Although the story is just average the best thing about the game itself is that when you die, the story still advances and the uruk who kills you gets promoted. :DLast but not the least hunting is good too, but limited to 2 creatures. And because the map is not that big you can run through the whole map in no time so hunting doesn't make too much of a difference. Till the end you keep getting new skills so the game doesn't get repetitive and because the storyline is not that long even if you get bored you can take a couple of hours and finish the game.I would recommend this game, but only on sale, doesnt justify the full price being single plater."
,Recommended,241930,13033519,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Schroedster,If you want Assassins Creed but hate Uplay this is the game for you
,Recommended,241930,14463388,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Trash Panda,"Stab an orc in the face, and he comes back to kill you. Burn his face off, and he still comes back. Throw him off a cliff, and of course he is back again to haunt you. Best zombie simulator ever!!"
76561198027873867,Recommended,241930,34024672,Posted: 4 August,all,OG Hipstah Baybeh,"Sure, it's pretty repetitive, but it looks good, sounds good, feels good, etc. - and it's gory and pretty humorous at times - totally worth the $4 I paid!"
,Recommended,241930,30340722,Posted: 5 March,all,Raleigh,very short story but fun game. cant wait for shadow of war
76561198145567308,Recommended,241930,30346380,Posted: 5 March,all,Bleakmountain50,this game is the best game ive ever played. i love this game more than GTA V and ive only had a good experience with it
76561198116653470,Recommended,241930,16658204,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,GentleHoovy | #TF2Center,"An excellent game, the graphics are beautiful (i have a good computer so they are maxed) the voicing is excellent the storyline is good but the one thing i LOVE about this game is saurons army: i spent a week real time trying to kill this elite captain akoth the tactician (who kept slaughtering me and then spitting in my face) when i accidentally came across him riding a caragor, he cowers so i play with him a bit then chew him savagely. HE CAME BACK about a day later with a huge metal plate on his eye and started screaming abuse at me about how i ""fed him to the caragors"" i was much stonger then so i easily killed him, only to meed him a long time later on as a warchief completeley mummified in bandages, drooling and insane. he is DEFINETELY dead now."
76561198042094790,Recommended,241930,13693964,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BigShotBeale,this game makes me hard
,Recommended,241930,33109498,Posted: 1 July,all,فندن٢٠,"This game is awesome, but i prefer the bright lord dlc is better compare to the base game itself, because i can build my own orc empires, muahhahahahahahahah"
,Recommended,241930,14813050,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Dude,"Clearly,The BestHack 'n' Slash game ever made.Awesome!And the most important note- you will get this feelings only in this game,Real Life does not provide you such things in great quality."
,Recommended,241930,14198096,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Major Dick Bong,The love child of Bruce Wayne and Ezio Auditore becomes Gondor's undead CIA agent. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,241930,34825762,Posted: 8 September,all,hexheli,"This has to be one of my favorite games ever played.The combat system is fun, generally pretty easy but challenging at the same time. I love the fact that you have access to 3 different weapons.I found myself trying different tactics of combat or to get missions done. It was fun sitting up high in the towers planning out a strategy...whether it worked or not, i'd just go back and try-try again.The lore is fantastic. Good story, not too long or boring.Didn't want it to end, and it didnt! Theres still much you can go back and do even after the story is finished. And I will be going back to try and get 100% acheivement progress.5/5 stars!"
76561198018272886,Recommended,241930,12541775,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,DortyBoy,"Totally brilliant!!! Its like being in your own sparticus movie only with orcs and orcs are just tew kewl.Love the way they all seem to have different personalities, some even track you across the lands and turn up to ambush you where you are in trouble.Graphics are ace, new abilities actually change the game, eg you can learn to convert orcs to create your own army or ride giant ogre type creatures.While its new it will probably be the best gaming experience you have had this year, but you can currently complete the game in about 50 hours and then there seems little point in continuing.Needs some sort of longer term goal, more maps, more abilities, just MORE...."
,Recommended,241930,12430979,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Bro,"Amazingly varied and fluid Arkham-like combat system with the stealth and movement of AssCreed, horde brawl melee, powerful ranged attacks, mind control and mountable beasts, and surprise environmental traps such as bait that draws Carragors who devour every Orc in sight. Too easy? Don't get any health upgrades and turn combat indicators off. The innovative Nemesis System crafts  foes worth killing, some Uruk Captains surviving your battles with scars, some ending up as heads on pikes, some growing in power and deadliness after killing you (you are reborn with a thirst for revenge each time you die) and some secretly serving you, waiting for your signal to stab their War Chief in the back as you shoot out their eye with a ghostly arrow from the front. I went in expecting a shallow rip off and instead emerged on the other side from a shallow grave as the legendary Gravewalker, cleansing fire of all Orc-kind. A fun, quick-paced, pretty romp that tries new things instead of playing it safe all the time. 9/10"
76561198024218344,Recommended,241930,24788874,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Gaming Raz,"Precious...We wants it, we needs it.Must have Shadow of Mordor.Yeessss, precioussss..."
,Not Recommended,241930,12606239,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,skyf1re,"What's good:+ Graphics+ Visual effects+ Executions and various fight systemWhat's bad:- Lack of a content- Very short and boring storyline- ""Open world"" is cutted with opportunities before storyline completion- Absolutely no challenge in the game (and no difficulty settings)- Bugged AI, bugged as hell caragor's riding- 2 clicks ""bosses""- DLC with ""runes"" and ""skins"", season pass for upcoming ""runes"" to beat the online scoreboard with cheaters and abusers?- Price for current game state (2 little maps and 10-15 hours of actual gameplay)"
,Recommended,241930,12372428,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ricmadeira,"Shadow of Mordor (SoM)is, hands-down, my game of 2014 so far; I loved every minute of it!SoM is a sandbox game of combat & stealth, infiltration, manipulation and assassination, set in J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-Earth. It's been described as Assassin's Creed with the combat of the Batman series, but it has some original and innovative features. It's an AAA game so the graphics are as good as you'd expect and they don't seem to have forgotten about the PC; we have enough video options to push our most powerful graphical cards to the brink.My favourite aspects:True Sandbox: finally, a sandbox game that actually really lets you do your own thing all the time! The missions are instanced but even the scripted storyline missions never try to rein you in; you're always allowed to do it your way! As a bonus, instead of having entire missions dedicated to force you to learn how to use this or that minor new trick, those types of things are usually set as occasional (and fully optional) secondary objectives that you can achieve without deviating much from the approach you really feel like taking.Difficulty, part 1: SoM hits my sweet spot. A single enemy mook is easy to kill, sure, but an entire crowd can quickly become overwhelming. Some enemies are easier to fight than others so things stay pretty challenging because there's always a mix of opponents around. Unlike other games, SoM doesn't ""cheat"" by magically levelling-up the enemies at the same time you do, so you actually feel like you're getting more and more powerful. Things do become easier bit by bit as you get more practice at playing and gain more powers and options to take down your enemies, but death can still come quickly and swiftly if you don't stay on your toes.Difficulty, part 2: Dying is fun in this game! You still won't like getting killed, sure, but you'll have fun! For one, you won't feel like you're being punished for making a mistake: you won't lose progress, XP or equipment or anything; in fact you'll get a small experience reward for coming back from the dead. What happens when you die is the enemy captains and warchiefs will grow stronger; interestingly, this is all fully transparent to you: you get to watch the results as several individuals rise violently through the ranks of Sauron's army and accumulate more power and experience. The guy who did you in will of course get a big boost to his reputation and career, and it will feel personal to you that he did so at your expense! The game doesn't let you forget it either, so it's even more satisfying when you finally manage to lop his head off the next time around.Dynamic Campaign: the ranks of Sauron's army shift and evolve over time and you have a big hand in shaping this process. Enemy rivals face each other off, ambush or imprison each other, or try to progress by raising their reputation through several means, and you can interfere as you wish, from simply ruining their plans to actually culling them off the face of Middle-Earth to turning them over to your side. You can even to go as far as helping them along the way only to make their fall bigger (and the rewards more juicy). These Captains and Warchiefs are created randomly and have different names, personalities, strengths, weaknesses and, just as important, very different looks. This makes the opposition feel very dynamic and very much alive, even if part of that is just illusion (mechanically speaking there's only so much variety possible between fighting different dudes). Unfortunately, not many other games out there can claim the same.Recon & Intel: the game brings home the value of doing recon and getting good intel on the Captains and Warchiefs you're facing. Some of their strengths can really ruin your day while their weaknesses can turn a very difficult assassination into a simple job. And you want to check if they're nearby least you end up surprised when one (or worse, a few) of them joins the fray you just started. Mechanically speaking, you also get slightly better rewards if you have intel on a Captain/Warchief before you kill them. This seems very well balanced, intel doesn't simply pop out of thin air, but it's also not hard or boring to chase after. As appropriate for a game placing so much importance on stealth it is easy to tell where enemies are, but not so easy that you don't even have to take your eyes off the mini-map to waltz past them.Middle-Earth: there's a reason the setting is so enduringly popular, and it's very well used here; Tolkien Estate wouldn't let it happen otherwise. The two different regions of Mordor available are not very big and there isn't much variety in each of the settings, but they feel just right for a tighter, more focused experience than in your usual sprawling sandbox game. You won't have to get bored out of your skull traversing several kilometres to reach the next mission or hunting hundreds of collectibles the designers placed all over just so you'd have an excuse to actually see all those thousands of square kilometres of map they created presumably for you to chase hundreds of collectibles across.Multiplayer ""aware"": this is a single-player game, so I was surprised when one of the dynamic mission that popped up asked me to avenge the recent death of one of my steam comrades. This game sure likes to make it personal! Don't worry, Roberto, I gotLatbag the Corruptnice and good for you already!Minor Annoyances:The control scheme for keyboard and mouse feels awkward, at least at first. There's many different keys and combinations of keys to press if you want to trigger different powers; my fingers weren't used to having to do so much gymnastics to trigger different combos/powers, especially in the middle of fights when you're already trying your best to move and dodge and strike. It took some getting used to it, but I'm liking it more now; it adds some complexity and challenge to the mix. My only complain is really about those rare times when the character seems to get stuck for precious seconds against some piece of scenery, or when you wish he'd just let go of the damn ledge and jump down to the ground instead of only descending the cliff/wall one tiny step a time.After the promising short intro with Galadriel's chilling voice, the story starts off like an 80s revenge flick: our hero has his wife and son killed in cold blood right in front of his eyes and is left for dead by the enemy only to now come back seeking vengeance. It's the kind of stuff you used to love when you were a rebellious teenager of limited taste set to give the world a lesson. At least the revenge plot is thematically very consistent with the mechanics of the game so that's a bonus. Also, the story soon distracts you with much more interesting things, like figuring out who's that elf wraith who gives you power and denies you from true death, and all that yummy Middle-Earth background starts pouring in, so... yay!"
,Recommended,241930,22877979,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Vito,"A warchief, who was immune to Melee and Stealth, died to a single flying axe to his toe.Pure amazement."
,Recommended,241930,19127923,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Pikapool,"This game is like the FarCry in Middle Earth. Some aspects are similar, but with better feature like Nemesis system.1. Gameplay, action rpg. Slash, stab, thrust. You can counter enemy attacks with RMB and evade unblockable attacks with Space. If you have played Sleeping Dogs or Batman Arkham series, you will get used to it in no time, similar but not same. There is skill system that you get when lv up, cool skills like riding a caragour or maybe warg, execution skill (very brutal and AWESOME). Skills has 5 tiers which you can unlcok by gaining power point, finish side missions or kill captains or warchiefs to get power point. Each map has a tower you need to forge to reveal the surrounding things (Far Cry), and there are survival challenge and hunting challenge, reminds me of Red Dead Redemption. Survival challenge is gathering herbs scattered around Middle Earth, while hunting is killing pests, bugs and aviary (spiders, rats, bats). You get money for completing those, sorry I forgot what the local currency called. Collectibles you has runes and artifacts.2. Story, still about Sauron and the Uruks & co. I dont really care for the story actually, the gameplay is awesome. I spend most of the game messing with the uruks, its much more fun than the story. Besides story mission, you also has side missions such as weapon missions, local warfare missions such as duel, recruitment, ambush, etc. The uruks are at war each other.3. Nemesis system, this is an interesting system. Since you character cant exactly die (why?play the game. say no to spoiler), the uruk who killed you will be promoted to a higher rank, captain, liutenant (maybe), sergeant (perhaps) and the last warchief. And when you got killed by an uruk, he will mock you, go find him and he will boast, and if he kill you again, you know the rest. Imagine got killed by the same uruk 3-4 times, I did (i am suck), I hunted this son of a frog and when I finally killed him, damn that was good feeling. Every warchief or captain has a weakness, you can find an intel by finding certain uruk symbolized by a green square thingy on the map, interrogate him and pick any captain or warchief you want to find out what his weaknesses are.Cons:I cant find any, but I know there are some cons, but I dont find any."
76561197999819604,Not Recommended,241930,31918141,Posted: 23 May,all,DIBBLE MUNT,"Its okay, game is way to easy and combat is kinda dull at times.One thing is i dont see why this game is open world, the world for one is boring and all looks the same, and wandering through it you will  see the same scripted events all the time ""hey look its those orcs killing that same guy in the same place again from an hour ago"" it feels like a more tight and focused stealth game has been forced into an open world, along with ubisoft style towers to climb OH JOY.Its an okay game, but most of the time i just feel like im doing nothing that can progress me, i feel the game would be better as an open level style game rather than open world, allowing more creative gameplay to be had if it could have that tighter focus.I wish steam could give me the rating of meh cause the game isnt avoid or highly reccomend, its just not amazing so yeah it gets a meh out of 10Update: I finally finished it, the story almost starts to feel like a story, literally cuts off at the end, plus everything leading up to the end always left more questions than answers, so yeah thats kinda poop.A tag line for the review would be something like ""hey monolith ubisoft want there game back"""
,Recommended,241930,28356479,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Fraddy  V™,one man's epic journey  with epic graphics
,Not Recommended,241930,34488641,Posted: 25 August,all,OldGreyBeard,"It's difficult to review this game - yes, it's good. It has a really cool combat system, great finishers, beautiful graphics. I'm really trying to like this game, but after about 9 hours of playing.. I'm bored senseless. It's the same thing, over and over again. Literally you see no progress. It's boring. It's a hack and slash with 2-3 actual quests that are playing on repeat.I was actually hoping for a lot more."
,Recommended,241930,14008302,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Remul0k3,"+ Advantages :- Polished graphics- Controlling Talion is a pleasure, especially in combat- We could spend her days to blow up orc heads- Subtle references to Tolkienian mythology- A staging polished- A good lifetime- The die-and-retry hand, entertaining and thought- More an orc kill you, more you will find it to get your revenge- Nemesis System: we come to know and hate some enemies !- Good PC optimization- The ""Ash nazg durbatulûk, ash nazg gimbatul ..."" from the main menu ... OMG- We find some voices of Peter Jackson's films- Drawbacks :- The evolution of Talion pushes the player to solve everything with swords- Nemesis System hasn't a great influence on the game finally- Too close to Assassin's Creed places- Repetitive- Low varied scenery and uninspired- Some situations are overly difficult because badly thoughts- The script, a bit empty finally- We would have liked to get a lock-on for fights- Captains and warlords who simply disappear from the screen when they are fleeing the fight, even if you pursue them. One would like to do the same.Summary :Middle-earth™: Shadow of Mordor™ is fairly complete, rather long, has a terribly addictive combat system and nice graphics. We just regret the lack of inspiration for the sets, bad AI and repetitive nature of the adventure, spent ten hours of play. Nevertheless, the title should appeal to fans of Tolkien, who will enjoy more on Talion, his teammate elf and Sauron returned to Mordor. Others will find an action-adventure open world game well done and quite demanding, which should put their talent to the test. While waiting for a Shadow of Mordor 2 most successful ?"
76561198005373818,Recommended,241930,12499601,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dawn of the Dew,"This is one of the most enjoyable games I have played in recent memory. Every aspect of the game encourages different styles of play & rewards how YOU want to play. Players can use thier Wraith powered bow to mow down enemies before giving them a good smackdown in the excellent melee combat. The combat that has many similarities to the Arkham games, with a more lethal edge to it.Either way I 100% recommend this game to fans of LOTR or action adventure games."
,Recommended,241930,32852329,Posted: 27 June,all,chemically tired,Warchief Ratbag told me to
,Recommended,241930,13905873,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Saint Killjoy,This game is simply awesome. It's worth the $40 bucks. One of the best single player games I've played in my life.
,Recommended,241930,29497581,Posted: 26 January,all,ＷＨＩＴＥＷＯＬＦ🐺,"Fantastic game. The combat and stealth of a mix of Batman Arkham and Assassin's Creed. Story is interesting. The nemesys system is so amazing, I heard they're copying it into the next game in the Batman Arkham series! I wish it were longer though. The bossfiight was far too easy, I went into the mission terrified but then felt dissapointed when it ended, the two maps were tiny. However I feel the positives outway the negatives and I had lots of fun. Definitly purchase if you're a JRR Tolkien fan!It needs a sequel with a bigger map, perhaps most of Middle Earth as sections to travel to, like Rohan and Gondor, The Blue Mountains, The Shire."
,Recommended,241930,30915545,Posted: 2 April,all,Blaze Dragon,"Refreshingly entertaining. Worth a buy for sure, if you like action, stealth, magic, customization, leveling, type games. A bit annoyed that most missions are save 3 guys, it gets old fast. It also feels grindy at time. Once you get the hang of it and it's easy to do it's a lot of fun. Great moves, combos, and finishers. Good pace and fun to play. Not overly difficult and story is engaging. It's pretty linear story with an open world type mechanic but all in all I like it.You basically play a ranger who has 3 types of weapons and two trees of skill. Sword, Dagger, and Bow. As well as Ranger and Wraith. Interesting blend of concepts and alot like the arkham games if you've played those. You can pick where you level up your abilities and what you want to focus on. The bad guys keep coming so you can't really kill them all, this is both good and bad. You can grind for powers or just play, I did a bit of both."
,Recommended,241930,29525807,Posted: 27 January,all,Excism,"Combat and Gameplay, totally enjoyable.Story leaves much to be desired.  Enjoy your quick time events during boss fights.Not a ton of replayability imo, good sandboxing if you want to blow off steam but I doubt I'd ever invest hours to complete the story again.Will still recommend.  Buy at a discount."
,Recommended,241930,33927789,Posted: 31 July,all,Wicked,"So I decided to give a positive oneMiddle-earth™: Shadow of Mordor™as a fan of Tolkien immediately I saw Middle Earth I knew I need to have thisgame is set somewhere between Hobbit and Lord of the RingsAbout the game:Graphic is stunning, story is decent ( can be finished in cca 15 hours)Lot of side quests ( free slaves, hunting challenges etc.)Positive side of game:Game is well designedGraphic is pretty decentVoice Acting is pretty decentYou can change skins of Talionhave campaigns to play after you finish main storyside quests and challenges will get into youAchievementsCheap gamePhotographer modeNegative side of a game:Combat is repetitive: you just wait to counter attack  ( and sometimes you press space for dodge)Recently I had issues with my WB account so for achievements like collect all artifacts before you collect last one restar your game ( just to be sure)Overall opinion:Middle-earth™: Shadow of Mordor™  is game worth of playing it will give you a great experience while playing, great and stunning graphic with pretty decent story, game currently cost 20 Euros (goty version) which is pretty cheap so yeah I recommend this game"
,Recommended,241930,32748489,Posted: 24 June,all,jackattack69,"An absolute steal for four dollars, I would say that everyone should get this game before it goes off sale."
,Recommended,241930,14517994,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,✌ Solo ✌,i love it <3
,Recommended,241930,32862315,Posted: 27 June,all,Arckaden,"Shadow of Mordor is kinda like what a game would look like if Assassins Creed and Lord of The Rings came together. The game is a really good game and fun. Shadow of Mordor is one of the most challenging games I know of, but yet it's still fun and enjoyable. It can be a little repetitive but overall its a really fun game."
,Recommended,241930,33321391,Posted: 6 July,all,Couches couches couches,"10/10 Gameplay2/10 StoryIf you enjoy stealth, killing uruks, manipulating your enemies and also killing more uruks. The 2 big DLC are brilliant, the other ones are only worth it if you get it super cheap in a sale.Mega cheap game in sales (£3.20 right now), extremely fun but a bit stupid.Also it is good fun to 100% since the collectables aren't too numerous, a game I put on my must buy list that I recommend to many people."
,Recommended,241930,32902564,Posted: 27 June,all,P○Tatah,Very fun and amazing story mode.  8.5/10For the GOTY $3.99 it was a automatic must buy
,Recommended,241930,24228976,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Paravenger,"I've yet to get far into the game but there's one thing I know and that this game is kind of like the Assassin's Creed series (as well as the Batman Arkham series) but I'll focus more on the similartites to AC.Climbing stuff: ✓Stabbing stuff: ✓Stealth stuff: ✓The ability to tea-bag by rapidly spamming the stealth button: ✓Jumping off things and stabbing stuff: ✓Throwing stabby stuff: ✓Free-roaming the (depressing) world and doing missions at your own pace: ✓Etc, etc, etc.Furthermore, just like in the AC series everyone has a funny accent except now they're ugly.The only difference from AC is that this game actually runs well."
76561197971628333,Recommended,241930,22702900,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Modranto,"Rumor grew of a Shadow in the East...whispers of a great game in the land of Mordor.Even to a newcomer, Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is comfortably familiar. It is not a sequel, but it feels like one. Most who play this game will have seen the Lord of the Rings films, or read the books, or played either the Assassin's Creed series or the Batman Arkham series. Shadow of Mordor is greatly influenced by these popular sources. From its gameplay, to its story, to its visual style and soundtrack, this game makes you feel like you're returning to a land that you love. It is, however, this same familiarity that cuts into its longevity.The big innovation that Shadow of Mordor brings to the table is its Nemesis system. Much praise has been heaped upon it. In my view, it works very well in an open world game but it is not without its weaknesses. For example, it is enthralling to cross blades with orc captains when each one feels unique from the others. Yet it also seems impossible for a pseudo-randomly generated boss to match that of a static, hand crafted boss like you'd find in other games. The Nemesis system has quantity on its side and is more true to life but tends not to be as memorable or as fun to fight as those bosses you find in games like Dark Souls or Shadow of the Colossus. To its credit, Shadow of Mordor also has a handful of standard boss  fights throughout its main missions. Unfortunately, the final one is a major letdown in the form of a short series of quick time events.Tolkien's Middle-earth is immensely rich in history. Shadow of Mordor's story utilizes that history mostly for the game's setting, and then makes up the actual plot as its own alternative history. As someone who has seen all the movies but never read the books, I was very pleased that the story was both new to me and still connected to the epic tale we all love. With the exceptions of Gollum, Sauron and a couple brief cameos that I won't spoil, the cast is composed of characters not seen in the films. Not until writing this did I look up to see how close the game sticks to lore and it seems the consensus is that it largely doesn't. Yet this doesn't bother me and, if anything, I wish the game had had more story and was less gameplay centric. This was definitely written more for fans of the movies than for scholars of the Silmarillion.Artistically this game takes most of its cues from the original movie trilogy. Orcs, Elves, Dwarves and Men look and sound as they do in the films. I see that as a good quality. The voice acting is very well done, particularly for video game standards (though those have been rising in recent years). The soundtrack is mostly befitting of the orcs. The heavy percussion, deep horns, cellos and warlike chants can actually become too imposing at times, making me wish for a brief respite.Environmental design I found to be somewhat weak, though it was obviously catered more to gameplay than visual spectacle. Some of that is hard to escape with the first half of the game taking place in the barren, rocky wastes of Udûn. The second half's setting along the Sea of Núrnen is more lush and interesting to look at. Both areas, however, feel relatively small. This is less an artistry complaint and more a wish for greater real estate in which to battle the orcs and beasts of Mordor. The game is never able to imitate the movies' epic, sweeping vistas.At around 30 hours for 100% completion of the main game, Shadow of Mordor is not as long as many similar games out there. Yet in the waning hours I still found myself growing bored. Many of the side quests and a few of the primary missions I could have done without. In particular, the 24 Outcast quests are painfully repetitive and have no business being so numerous other than to pad out play time. It doesn't help that, aside from The Bright Lord DLC, I found this game to be considerably easier than I anticipated.I would list both major DLCs, Lord of the Hunt and The Bright Lord, as disappointing as well. Neither introduces any new areas to explore nor deepens the story in any appreciable way. I will say that the final battle of The Bright Lord is like the end boss we never got in the main campaign. Even still, I wouldn't recommend either outside of the Game of the Year bundle. For some, Shadow of Mordor's familiarity will hurt it sooner than it will for others. For me, it never bred contempt but it did darken an otherwise compelling game."
,Recommended,241930,34878497,Posted: 11 September,all,Mearsy,"This game is amazing and a great addition to the world of Middle Earth. It is unique, even though some compare it to Assassins Creed. The nemesis system is great and makes the game so much more interesting. The story has also been well developed and I cannot wait until the release of Shadow of War."
76561198000443740,Not Recommended,241930,15631680,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Nivek Ogre,"I'm not terribly picky whwn it comes to games, and this one has received accolade after accolade. Unfortunately I find it makes a horrible first impression.Kill Uruks.Kill more Uruks.Kill  Uruks again.Kill a tougher Uruk.Wheeeeee. =\Is this really all it takes to entertatin gamers nowadays?"
,Recommended,241930,12298374,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Agent Soup,"Would you look at that, a game I preordered that I actually enjoyed immediately and without one of the infamous ""day-one update""'s!All joking aside, this game is a blast. The soundtrack is great and the cutscenes are very well done to the point where at times it is almost passable as a movie on it's own. I own a controller and have tried playing with both keymaps (You can switch interchangeably with a button press of either the keyboard or controller, Bonus points!) and I prefer the keyboard controls but can fluidly play with either one.So far the combat system seems a little repetitive and slightly easy at times where I have ran into a group of around eight uruks and picked them off one by one.Definitely not regretting buying this game and can highly recommend to anyone looking for a great single player RPG experience.Edit: The combat system has definitely gotten harder as the game progressed, so my statement about it being easy was taken off.Rating:9/10TLDR:Great game with interesting characters, awesome combat system, amazing visuals, and hasn't gotten boring yet. Definitely worth buying or rentingeven if you have to resort toconsole peasantryEdit: Have died many times now and it doesn't seem to matter how many captains I kill, they keep getting promoted. Currently stuck trying to kill the #$%^ing gul matron because it keeps killing me every time. Probably the most agitating side quest I've done so far in this game.Edit 2: 12.5 hours into the game, killedall the warchiefs except Ratbag and killed the Black Hammer, and am now inthe second part of the map that is set near the sea of Nurnen and it looks breathtaking. I'm on medium graphics and am stunned at how good this game looks. Hopefully these quests I have left will be as fun as the first.Edit 3: Just beat the game earlier today and am working towards getting the rest of the collectibles and finishing the side quests. The story mode was fairly short and the ending""Time to forge a new ring""just paves the way for DLC. Still a solid game and still recommend buying."
,Recommended,241930,21366814,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kempeth,"Aside from a few glitches I throughly enjoyed my time with this game.The combat is nice and once you've grow accustomed to the combos it's very satisfying to mow down entire garrisons of orcs by tackling them head on or slaughering them from the shadows. Over time the game throws more advanced enemies in your path giving your a feeling of power as well as challenge.The nemesis system is rather clever - letting you play Vendettas and Klingon politics among the ranks of orcs.The progression system is good enough for a game like this. I've not found it tedious to hunt down the artifacts and experience points to unlock pretty much everything.The only gripes I have with the game are the controls which sometimes glitch out. I've found it very difficult to use bite attacks on any mount and my attempts to block an attack often put me into ranged mode instead. A handful of times I had my character get stuck on some ledge or something and once I was unable to finish a mission. Finally I found the story a bit hard to follow since there's often much time between snippets of story and the format of disjointed flashbacks doesn't help either.But over all I'm still very much glad I played this game. The closest two games I can compare it with are Assassins Creed and Far Cry 3, both of which I consider significantly inferior games to Shadow of Mordor."
,Recommended,241930,13059913,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Henrylee54,"This game is intricate, complex, and all around really fun. Its a great experience. The gameplay is lots of fun, really exciting, and it doesnt get boring. On the outside it may seem repetetive, but it never feels that way. Every fight you get into, and just any action in general always feels like you are fighting for something. Its like you have a greater purpose and every ork you kill or brand or interrogate is all going towards your cause to liberate Mordor. The story isn't very complex, its simple. This is good though, because its just simple enough to still be very interesting and engaging without taking away from the rest of the game. I just played Assassin's Creed Unity and I found its story to be very lacking, making it hard to enjoy the game because the whoe time I didn't know what was going on. This is not the case in Mordor. On that same note, this has been accused of being an Assassin's Creed clone, it is not in any way. It may look similar due to the parkour and assassination style missions, but after playing ACU and every single other Assassin's Creed I can confidently say these games are all diverse and different.Bottom Line: This game is worth your money and your time, it is a fun, interesting, and fresh experience. I loved every moment of it."
,Recommended,241930,14151201,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Stripstroke,"Middle-earth: Shadow of MordorMiddle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is a third person, action, hack and slash title. It takes elements from games such as Batman, Assassin's Creed, Read Dead and blends those concepts into its own original The Lord of the Rings title.The Pro's• Graphics Options & Controller Support.• Smooth & Quick Game-play.• Nemesis System.• Progressive Skill-tree.• Lore, Exploration, Free-roam & Quests.• Character Models & Voice-acting.• Hunting & Survival Challenges.• Extra Player Skins.The Con's• Story & Ending.• Traveling.• Repetitive.""Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is an amazingly refreshing title to both the third person, action, hack and slash genre and The Lord of the Rings series.""Score: 9.5"
76561198068641991,Recommended,241930,12578407,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,[LoE]HoneyBooBooChild,"""I came in with a careful, concerned attitude. Left impressed, but not satisfied.""Shadow of Mordor shares a common thread with the entire AC series of games. Coming into this I was concerned about how much would be borrowed and how much would be unique to the title. I can say this after the first playthrough; Shadow of Mordor is it's own game. Indeed it borrows from the stealth / simplistic action of AC, however it spins it up with a host of combos, skills and abilities that make the playstyle suit each individual player.Stealth is accurate, though a little over powered at times. The ability to choose between using your stealth to get around or rather simply to just terrify your foes (Brutalize) makes for some fun, on-your-feet choices. Do you want to sneak around and kill off your foes one by one? Or how about simply sneaking into the mosh of the group, tearing one open in front of them and having a good portion of the orcs friends run in fear!The combat itself is rather easy, to be honest. They try to shake it up on occasion with varied units, however, you'll find that (especially at higher levels) that means little to your wraith-filled badassery. The occasional giant lizard-thing will try to kill you, but it's eaisy to avoid and dispatch of. The true core of the game comes from it's Commander system,The game is littered with unique orcs that will challenge you on the map. They are introduced in a mini-cutscene during combat and often prove (early on) to be somewhat of a good fight. What really won me over is that the commanders are persistant. They will challenge their own to gain ranks and levels. This in of itself proves troublesome because if you leave them to their own devices they will become stronger.Speaking of becoming stronger, the commanders can and will kill you. When they do they will actually rank up, promote themselves and remember the fight! Everything is remembered here. I recall one time I charged in on a commander mounted, he ran away. Later I encountered him and he taunted me for not bringing the mount with me again. Other times if I wound a commander and don't finish him right he will come back, wounded, and ready for revenge.This system is great, the open world feel and graphics are great (and run great for PC!). My complaints lie within the story as well as the character interactions. To be honest, they are lame at best. I'm a HUGE Lord of The Rings fan-boy, for sure. However I have an objective eye and don't forgive if you mess up. In this instance they failed. The story is boring, light and short lived. Even the wraith you are paired with seems to fall into this ""Meh"" catagory for me. He's not quite unique enough, the interaction is not truly solid.That being said I still did all the quests and enjoyed them, they just don't change direction or process and the pacing is poor. My other complains lie in the leveling up system. IT SUCKS. It's linear, you level up too quick and the skills themselves make you a death machine of epic proportions, ruining any and all challenge in the game. Most commanders are laughing stocks. You'll go into fights and end them in two min's flat, even against Legendary classed baddies.At the level I'm at, I can run into entire cities of Orcs and literally kill them, no problem, all the while turning half the city against itself. This is cool, but it pulls me off the ground, it puts me so far above the awesome commander system that I don't even have to think about it. The commanders that were once really scary and cool became chumps and meat-blockades that I just work around.My other complaint (Be ready, this is big!) is that there's NO LOOT SYSTEM AT ALL. You don't get trophies or bad♥♥♥♥♥new weapons or armor, ever. This is a huge, huge issue with me because I believe that progression should be seen on the character. I'd love to get cooler swords, perhaps runes with elemental properties on them! Something, anything! Your equipment layout stays the same the entier game. Same sword, same bow, same armor. This. Pisses. Me. Off.In ending,Just as a spoiler guys, I feel I should warn you. The ending is awful. I will not reveal anything, but it's bad. Like, really, really, really bad.All this said, I really look forward to what they do with the series! If they can follow a more free-form, open world, deeper level up and balanced combat system, it'll be more amazing than it already is. They already shook it up with the commander system. Keep going!"
,Recommended,241930,31142477,Posted: 14 April,all,Earthshakerson,"This game is like the Rogue One of LoTR, except with LOTS of actionThere is a definate learning curve, but the game teaches you how to play well. The story is absolutely thrilling, and, to avid fans, highly emotional. Achievements give multiple moderately challenging objectives, and there is an individual mode designated for competing against other players (by killing more warchieves, dealing more damage, etc.). The DLCs are fantastic additions to the game, and you will never feel like there is a dull moment."
,Recommended,241930,35050328,Posted: 18 September,all,ilikepi,"although the game is quite easy and the combat isn't revolutionary, it's made quite fun with the nemesis system! one of the orc captains quickly became my nemesis after we both killed each other multiple times, and it was a lot of fun having to investigate and exploit the weaknesses of captains to your advantage. the game gets really great once you learn the branding ability, and double combat branding can quickly allow you to create your own army even if you start off alone! my main complaint is that the two 'final bosses' are more just like quick-time events rather than actual fights, so they were quite disappointing - other than that, well worth it, especially on sale!"
76561198137328020,Recommended,241930,33242767,Posted: 4 July,all,RastaHari,Rasta approves this game
,Not Recommended,241930,33144496,Posted: 2 July,all,th3Vandal,"Pros:- Interesting story, but short and forces you to brand warchiefs or do other secondary missions to advance.Cons:- Repetitive and boring side missions- Repetitive dialogs for almost all missions- Cat walk almost every time a Captain is introduce with no option to skip- Captains have no personalities. All the same generic hate humans but will obey the Bright Lord after branding them- Long intro every time you kill/brand a captain- Spawning mechanics for orcs in missions and world is soo stupid- Stealth approach almost every mission cause else lots of orcs will end up killing you, that takes a lot of time- Nemesis/Brand system is getting boring really fast"
,Recommended,241930,32999923,Posted: 29 June,all,Maov,Ta sabroso.
76561198010110667,Recommended,241930,12323172,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Scare Ball,"I normally try to avoid paying 50 bucks for a game that, in a year, will have a GOTY/Directors Cut version with all the accumulated DLC (and all the bugs patched out) for ~$7.49 during some idiotic steam sale, but this one was worth it.I rate this game Buy Now/10."
,Recommended,241930,19946893,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Danoglith,Let me start out by saying that ILOVEthis game! It is very fun and a lasting experience. Now lets get into some of the pros and cons...Pros:Great storyGood mechanicsGreat graphicsWorks well with the Steam ControllerCons:Doesnt work well with the Steam Link from my experiencesMinor bugs (not much of a problem)Not to many and the ones I listed are quite critical...I really love this game very much would suggest9.6/10
,Recommended,241930,14740283,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Geri Halliwell,"Ash nazg durbatulûkAsh nazg gimbatulAsh nazg thrakatulûkAgh burzum-ishi krimpatul !I have mixed feelings about this. From one hand we have unlimited potential of Lord of the Rings excellent universe. From another, this potential remained unrealized.I should say the plot is more emotional in comparison to the last Hobbit movie. And by the way this story is interesting. The gameplay process just like in Batman franchise from Rocksteady. A player exploring two regions of Mordor and solving every issue through slaying uruks.So it isn't difficult, you can beat this without any upgrade to your weapons or personal abilities. But gameplay process with these upgrades is more funny.The Nemesis system, a fresh blood in industry looks fine. An overage uruk becomes a captain after killing a player. And can be promoted to warchief by himself or with your interference. And it's the best part of this system. You can brand captains, build your own army of uruks, give them orders, and use the situation in Sauron's army to your personal purposes.But this system is great only in plot because out of it, it has no meaning due to unlimited spawn of uruks and lack of interesting events. You will get tired of spawning uruks with the same names, abilities, vulberabilities and phrases.And it's very very very annoying. Because you can't skip this useless boring annoying speech which lasts from five to eight seconds. Those who completed Ring and Wild trials will understand me.And few words about seaon pass. This season pass is very strange. You probably won't need these runes, maybe except flaming rune. Because runes from original game are enough to kill a lot of uruks without any problem. And it's really doubt that you will want to try trials. So the only reason to buy it in beating the game on 100%The Lord of the Hunt is funny enough, right before you will try the test of wild trial. It's strangely hard in comparison to the whole game. I don't know who the author of this idea, but it's obviously that he is very very sick person.But in this DLC you can ride the graug which can puke on everything around, and ride a flaming caragath. It's really funny for the first-second hour.The Bright Lord was strange due to Tolkien legacy. A player will play as Celebrimbor, his abilities oriented on branding uruks, but he is not so strenght as Thalion, and can stuck in textures by the way :(A player should brand his army and try to defeat Sauron using the One ring abilities (unlimited punishments, slow motion, invisibility).But this DLC has some rude mistakes: The Black Gates were build after defeating Sauron. Ingame movies show us the massive battlefield between uruks and elves, but it's not what you see in this DLC (You will fight in southern stronghold). These inaccuracies are very dissapointing. The first region of Mordor looks absolutely the same in the second (Bright Lord) and in third (Thalion's campaign) epochs.The Laziness in working on Lord of the Rings universe is not forgiven, Monolith. Especially on such price.If you like Batman from Rocksteady and Lord of the Rings universe, you will enjoy this game. But don't try to beat 100% achievements, otherwise you will regret it.As for me, I don't think I will buy next game from Monolith."
76561198007341077,Recommended,241930,12310980,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Maty743,Its about time WB put some money towards lotr games. After a few ours play I am very happy with this game
76561198054978924,Not Recommended,241930,34161658,Posted: 10 August,all,Lee's Sandwiches,"Gets boring easily. The entire game is basically kill orcs, then more orcs, then more..."
,Recommended,241930,29583151,Posted: 30 January,all,Mikeo,This game can be infuriating when it randomly decides to ♥♥♥♥ you over but it feels amazing to get your revenge and slaughter your path through dozens of enemies.
76561198007981139,Recommended,241930,12314535,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,POTTimusCRIME,"It looks great, it runs great, it plays great...check this one out !If you take the Batman Arkham series, throw it in a blender with the Assasins Creed series, squeeze all the best bits of them both (Third person, open world, climb over any building or obstacle, detective mode/eagle vision, free-flow combat and lots of exploration),then add a new mechanic that makes it unique...The Nemesis system, Middle-Earth Shadow of Mordor is what you will get.Every time an enemy kills you or flees from you, they will be promoted to captain and you will encounter them again. These encounters happeen at the most epic times usually when you are making headway in another fight against another captain leaving you with three choices:1 Run...♥♥♥♥ that, the combat is way too awesome to run away.2 Take on two captains at once, sometimes more will show up too, the longer it takes you finish them.3 If you die in a fight with more than one captain, they both get promoted.Combat is awesome in this game, and coming from a massive fan of Batman & Assasins Creed, I would have to say this is probably even better.It looks great, it runs great, it plays great...check this one out !Highly reccomend this game to fans of Batman Arkham, Assasins Creed and Lord Of The Rings.Check out my first impressions videos if you would like to see more:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbQ7T-BuStY"
,Recommended,241930,13646417,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ze Spy,"After watching The hobbit the battle of the five armies I really wanted to play a game related to LOTR, So I played The Battle for Middle-earth II. After being desecrated by an army of Ents Orcs and Nazgûls I rage-unistalled the game and looked for a differant LOTR game. I found this, after downloading 40 ♥♥♥♥ING GIGABYTES worth of game I started to play.The whole game is a hack and slash Orc holocaust simulator. The Orcs might aswell be nazis with no redeemable qualities: All the chatter you hear from them include ""I really like killing things"" and ""Living things better watch out becasue I might kill them!"" It actually makes the Orcs seem really insecure with every silence being filled in with thier own version of small talk.Now onto combat the whole combat system was probably ctrl+c ctrl+v from Batman to Shadow of Mordor with the standard counter attack stun combo system, However that isn't a bad thing: I personally think its better that a game has a working, established and old combat system. Rather than trying to create its own which will most likely end up feeling like darksouls with polio. *NOTE* They cleverly renamed batmans gadgets to wraith powers.Size, The map is small-ish. It  never really feels vast but it also never feels small. I think considering what the player has in terms of travel and what the game offers the map is an ideal size.Story, I honestly found it hard to care for the protagonist or the problems he faces, but I don't think the game was made with story as a high priority.Conclusion, If you like any of the following: LOTR, Batman, Mindless slaughter, Mud, People Talking about axes and killing then I'd recommend looking into this game, its a really fun mindless hack and slash. 8 Orc WarLords/10"
,Recommended,241930,15589727,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Ditendra,"This game is great. To be honest, when I start playing it, I can't quit, it's so addictive. You are always in the action, have lots of nice combos. Everything is made well: Modern graphics, geat optimization, great gameplay, many challenges, leveling system presence, stealth elements... Killing the Orcs was never so pleasurable. Everything is perfect. This game should be in every RPG lover's collection. I'm giving it 10/10."
76561198091917185,Recommended,241930,12634748,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Droolius Caesar,There is nothing more satisfying than slaying Uruks...Except riding a caragor and slaying Uruks.
,Recommended,241930,13192565,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kuasimoddo,"I enjoyed my time with Shadow of Mordor. The combat is ""Arkham-esque"" in a good way. The feeling of being powerful is a lot of fun. The nemesis system has to be experienced to be appreciated but it adds a interesting element of love/hate to the enemies who would be otherwise nameless grunts being mowed down under your sword. If you don't already know the nemesis system is the hierarchy of the Uruks (orcs) and as you defeat a higher ranking soldier, or if they defeat you, they will rise in the ranks of the army gaining power. Later in the game you obtain the ability to brand Uruks and they will join you in your fight and you will protect them as they go through challenges to become more powerfull.I do have some criticism to the game. It is an open world game but the world feels mostly empty of everything but enemies and an occasional NPC. There was a fair amount of button prompt kills which are overplayed. The story is interesting but without giving anything away....I felt the ending was somewhat hollow. The graphics are wonderful, but the color pallate is somehat bland. Enemy AI is acceptable, if a little lackluster and although I still had fun with the sneak kills, it was perhaps overly generous with stealth detection.All that being said, I had a lot of fun and I would certainly recomend it if you like the fast over the top combat of Arkham Asylum but with swords, gory executions, and orcs."
,Recommended,241930,13264913,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Berserker223,"Shadow of Mordor feels similar to the Assassins Creed and Batman games in the way that it plays. I enjoyed this more than both of those games however, mostly due to the excellent fluid sword combat. The Orc hierarchy system, in which Orcs who kill you rise through the ranks becoming increasingly powerful, is also unique and interesting. The world at first felt somewhat sparse, but plenty going on once you start exploring. Be warned, the game has a steep learning curve at times, but you can find a way to progress without too much difficult if you think laterally. For example, whilst I never really got stuck, I did encounter a particular Orc Captain who was practically invincible. Luckily none of the actual War Chiefs were quite so tough, so it didn't prevent me from progressing to the second greener setting in the game. Overall it's a fun experience with an okay story, pleasing graphics and presentation, that you will certainly enjoy if you are looking for an open world game of this type."
,Not Recommended,241930,28977661,Posted: 3 January,all,Solzucht,"Meh.Sure it is fun for arround 12 hours at normal difficulty.But basicly thats pretty low for a Open World Game these days.Most fun is, as advertised, the possibility to take over Commanders/their minions.But besides that?The quests are absolutely repetetive.The landsides do offer at the beginning a great view, but u shortly will crave for more.So ...besides it is in a good Sale, i do not advise you to buy it."
76561198112756591,Not Recommended,241930,31995008,Posted: 27 May,all,Gremn,You can't even set the difficulty of the game if I am correct...The game is really easy alright. The captains and warlords are extremely easy to beat and the main mission isn't fun to do. It feels like a burden more than anything.The nemesis system is real cool tho. I didn't have any crashes or bugs and the game looks good.
76561198055559849,Not Recommended,241930,29372083,Posted: 20 January,all,HypnotaizU,First of all: Great graphics and awesome combat system! But F me it is boring after just a few hours.The waves of enemies just keeps on coming and it turns the game in to a snooze fest. Evertything feels like a chore and i just can't help finding myself in the same situation over and over again.
76561198041652237,Recommended,241930,14846342,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,nova_vortex,"Need I say more? Everything about this game is beautiful: From the scenery (and i played at low graphic settings), to the combat moves, to the parkour, to the stealth, to the beast taming, to the storyline, and down to the kind of stuff u eavesdrop at an Orc campfire. They will affectionately refer to u as ""The Gravewalker"" and talk about stuff like your favourite method of killing, telling fellow Orcs to watch their backs around buildings coz u like to jump them from the top. And i swear i dont remember them saying the same thing twice. Everything just felt very natural, and i just took my time to enjoy the game in its natural way, no grinding, no farming. It was an awesome experience & i was also motivated to unlock 100% of everything because it is achievable.So, you know you want this. The real question is: At what price? A Test Of Patience: Resist the temptation, or succumb to your fate at Mordor"
,Recommended,241930,23716437,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,♔ Rudor ♔,"I am HIGHLY critical about everything I hear or see, even if it may not always seem like it.Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is brilliance. Everything you could ask of a game within it's genre exists in the game, very interactive and agile movement, stealth, ranged combat, but not powerful to the point of making the game easy, in fact, most of the significant foes can't be taken down using ranged combat. Very interactive combat, excellent AI-coordination from what I have experienced, swarming-combat, 1 v 50, yet you can, if excelling in the gameplay, walk out of the fight without a scratch. A very clear storyline, which still branches off, to part, at some places here and there, not to mention the never-ending recurring missions, every time you clear out the entire rank-line of the orcs, all you have to do is progress time, and newly promoted orks have taken their slain brethrens place. Simply speaking, you never run out of things to do, and every fight is different from the other.Do I recommend the game? Well as clear as the sky at a cloudless night...YES!Looking for a great story? This game has it.Looking for excellent gameplay? This game has it.Looking for open-world gameplay? Oh it's there, alright.Looking for neverending gameplay? It's all in there.This game is worth every penny when it comes to extended entertainment.Hopefully you find this review helpful and that you'll consider getting the game, if you do not have it already, because it's certainly worth it :)"
,Recommended,241930,33113936,Posted: 1 July,all,GAR,Game is  fantastic - What a deal for 5.99 - Great story and gameplay -  Top notch visuals with HD pack -  Just buy!
76561197989740730,Recommended,241930,33207454,Posted: 3 July,all,OWLS,"I normally avoid franchise games because they usually are just a cash grab by whoever owns the rights to the franchise.  Also, they typically suck because they're put out by studios that don't give a rip about whether or not they're any good.The good news is, this is not one of those franchise games.  Combat is fun (if extremely derivative of the Batman Arkham series of games), graphics are gorgeous, and the story is good as well (though you will need to see the movies/read the books to fully get the most from it)."
,Recommended,241930,33150530,Posted: 2 July,all,Cryptid,It's like Assassin's Creed with a few more Uruks.
,Recommended,241930,32927759,Posted: 28 June,all,Defender of Sexyness,"Thats what im Tolkien about.Simply fantastic game. The combat, upgrade system, story+lore, gameplay are all amazing. The captin hunting system is defs the games winning feature.Only regret is not picking this up sooner."
,Recommended,241930,33221327,Posted: 4 July,all,Rinnerva Scarlet,"If you like LoTR + Batman Combat System, take thisit's really cheap when summer salethe stealth/action system really nicethe control kinda wonky tho10/10 get gangbanged by 3 captain at same time"
,Recommended,241930,32722175,Posted: 24 June,all,Andon,Bought game for $3.99Saw It was Game of the YearWatched videos of itGot excitedSaw 42g downloadlooked at 300kbpscried for 2 days
76561198134306890,Recommended,241930,24062134,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,deus_extrem,I love this game. I was always a fan of the Lord of the Rings but never felt so part of the world/story. The combat is fluid and visceral. The rpg elemnt let you customize your style of combat and adds another lvl to gameplay. There is endless thing to do in this open world combat game. The story alone is worth a playthrough. I've been playing this game using Liquidsky and it looks and performs flawlessly.
76561198047832023,Recommended,241930,32709656,Posted: 23 June,all,rnutter93,I'm being hunted by an orc named Dûsh. His name speaks for itself.Worth it.
76561198004423149,Recommended,241930,12369736,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,The BlackVision,"The first thing to ask with this game is quite simply: Is it the 3rd-person Assassin's Creed/Arkham/etc that it looks like? Answer... yes. And yes, the majority of the game touches on nothing new or exciting there. HOWEVER. There is the nemesis system.The Nemesis sytem does exactly what it says it will - it makes you enemies. Some of these enemies will give you a brutal makeover everytime you meet them. Some of them are so easy you barely notice they're harder than normal mobs.However, the brilliant thing with this is that you don't need a constantly changing landscape or storyline to progress - your enemies and THEIR rivalries and development ARE the changing landscape. You will hear normal mobs discussing their captains and their progress as you wander around in stealth. You'll hear rumors being spread of the times when you go in and slaughter billions of orcs one day, and you'll hear them asking their captains 'how they beat that ranger'. THAT is awesome, and this kind of developing characters is the future for this kind of gaming.When I first saw Assassin's Creed, I remember thinking 'Now, these boss scenes are amazing, you go into huge techincal planning, and a bit of fly-by-ear in approach, but it's a shame the boss fights themselves are so frigging dull.' Nemesis answers this, and answers it well.I remember the horror in looking at a particular foe I'd accidently died a couple of times to and realising that he no longer HAD a weakness. Worse, he was immune to pretty much everything - no missiles. No stealth. No battle combos. No finishers. I couldn't jump over him. He blocked normal attacks from the front. All I had left was chipping away very slowly at his health using finishers and wraith moves. Oh, and did I also mention that he lived in one of the forts, so there were usually at least two other captains near him 90% of the time?So I tried ignoring him. But he had a taste for my blood, and actively went out in hunting groups for me with other captains! I lost count to how many times he'd killed me.The satisfaction of FINALLY killing him came when I managed to set him on fire, and, for the first time ever, saw him running, all immunities forgotten. I beat the bejesus outta him, and felt immensely satisfied for doing so.Then I realised. This wasn't a stunningly hard boss that someone had intricately created to puzzle and perplex me. This was a boss that I had made (albeit by screwing up and very bad luck on his random rolls), but this enemy I'd just got such satisfaction out of finally figuring out and defeating - this guy had started out a normal mob who'd happened to get lucky and stabbed me. Damn. Now THAT is progress - this game makes real, tough enemies, and not because they're OP. not because they're some ingenius plan that neds exactly the right combo to beat, but because you're fighting an inexorable army that grows and progresses as you do.I would've liked to see more from the game in terms of a greater range of difficulty in it's enemies (I genuinely would like foes that are genuinely lacking in weaknesses, or where you have to combine more than one weakness to make it plausible to beat them ordinarily (or even force you to use the special events to try and weaken them a bit before pouncing on them) - I'd have liked more types of foes at times, and other portions of Sauron's army of darkness to go up against, more of a range similar to the critters you get - Ghul, etc, and more different location types for the orks to live in - condensed, claustrophobic tunnels full of them would be fun alternatives; but these are probably coming up in expansions, and I KNOW this will be covered by other, future games built on a similar premise.In fact, I can already see the next step of Nemesis systems - the stage when the whole systems learns from you. When it works out which traits tend to utterly screw you up and will be capable of keeping the pressure at a constant high by making you develop your skills to suit, whether it be to power up the harder parts of your skills, a piece at a time, or by progressing like a seesaw - underuse one item or skill type purposefully so that suddenly, you can drop back into it to dominate for a time against foes too used to massacreing you in one way, just to switch to another.I also respect the skill and precision in making all things potential flaws in enemies or potentially lethal to you - the Hatreds is a brilliant answer to things that might otherwise just squish every ork out there. I remember the horror on realising that the Graug, my ultimate weapon at the time, was being killed by a single ork because, hey, he hated them and beat the crap out of them. Worse, i couldn't kill him because A) it might kill me easily, and B) Hatred was on him, so he was on full regen and pummel-inducing adrenaline.So I've got to hand it to the makers - this game will be the root of a generation of games, and I cannot wait to see them."
,Recommended,241930,14068818,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,brotherhood of heterosexuality,"Since I got the Brand Captain ability, I've been playing this like the Sims and I've helped my little man, Pûg the Torturer, go from an Uruk to a Warchief.Turn off the music and listen to the ""A Walk in the Shire"" from the 2003 Hobbit game for the optimal playing experience.5/5 stars, best game, dump your gf, drop out of school, and eliminate all other responsibilities from your life so you can play this until you die of malnutrition."
,Recommended,241930,32864241,Posted: 27 June,all,Simburgur,This game was good.
,Recommended,241930,12371525,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Monolyth,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor chooses its own path outside the regular ""Lord of the Rings"" move-game chum we've been fed over the years. The main story is interesting, but it failed to unravel as smoothly as the mechanical aspects of the game.Game mechanics - combat, stealth & movementThe combat, stealth and movement systems are a direct rip from the Batman: Arkham series of games (sans batarang of course). This was a smart move on the developer's part given the focus of the game. The difference being that the team opted for a slightly less stringent stealth implementation. This ""nerf"" to the Batman level of stealth isn't a bad thing. I found it a great middle ground compared to other more stealth-focused games (Assassin's Creed, Splinter Cell, etc.). Movement, more specifically parkour movement, was much less fluid and tended to be less forgiving than other games. After I taught myself to be a little more deliberate in my movements this tended to become less of a problem.Skills, runes & other progression stuffsGame mechanics such as skill systems and gear upgrades exist. There is a rune system designed to enhance specific aspects of your weapons. While the runes were fairly diverse, I found that once I had specific types I rarely changed them out and merely chose to upgrade them. This is more than likely a result of my play-style, but I would've liked to have seem even more diversity with runes and/or ways to ""upgrade"" them myself. As far as skill progression I actually found this aspect quite enjoyable and rather than sticking to ""what I knew"" I found experimentation with new abilities and skills to be very rewarding. My one wish is that ""Nemesis system"" skills would not be directly locked to the story missions.Nemesis systemThe Nemesis system was a big focus of the game. The system allows you to view and manipulate, in some ways, the Uruk leadership in the two major areas in which the game takes place. While there was much ado about the system, I found it a little sad that I was forced to progress deep into the game to get into the really neat aspects of the Nemesis system. I feel like there could've been considerably more depth to my overall game if I had been able to unlock those skills sooner.How does the Nemesis system play?In the beginning and even mid-way through the game it just isn't all that interesting. It wasn't until the end after unlocking key skills that I got to really mess around with it. That being said it is not nearly as expansive as the developer's try to make it out to be. There were a few Uruk's I wound up despising towards the end, but mostly I found my desire for vengeance to be quite satiated with the rivers of Uruk blood that flowed in the wake of my wrath. Monolith take this from me (Monolyth), if you choose to add a sequel to this game you need to greatly expand the Nemesis system and allow greater interaction with it sooner rather than later in the game.Story timeSwitching gears now, lets talk about the story. First of all I would have to say that Tolkien purists may do well to steer clear of the game (as many do the movies). The game takes many liberties with the Tolkien universe that might not be as appreciated. While I was able to follow the story easily enough I found in most cases I could not engage emotionally with the primary protagonist(s). Talion and his (trusty?) wraith sidekick family flashbacks served little more purpose than to push the story a long. I found that I cared more for some of the secondary characters than I did the primary...yeah. Overall the story takes a slightly different approach to the battle against Sauron and his minions than what we are all used to seeing. It is a refreshing viewpoint to see and could set the stage for even more aggressive ""based on"" Middle-earth lore.Just one more before bed...Another failing point in the story is its brevity. We are treated to some very cool ideas and concepts that if further explored could've provide some solid content. This wasn't necessarily an overall negative for my experience, I tend to focus heavily on side-quests and other content in the game. My overall game time is probably much higher than someone who wouldn't. Anyone expecting the main story content to take more than 8 hours if you focus on nothing but that will probably be a little bit disappointed.So what's the verdict?The game played very well for me and while some game mechanics suffered from a lack of options, I found the combat to be fluid and very rewarding. The much touted Nemesis system lacked depth until late in the game. The plight of the progranist(s) was fairly forgettable especially when compared against the much more interesting story elements overall.TLDRIf you like Batman style fighting games, are a completionist (or even like to do a few side quests here & there) and appreciate Middle-earth based stories I think you'll find your money well-spent."
,Recommended,241930,17373451,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Luigi?,I truly enjoy every aspect of this game.   That is all.
,Recommended,241930,12798096,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Iron Dagger,"9/10Strategically terrorize and possess your enemies to build your army in a stealthy, although predictable journey through Middle Earth"
,Recommended,241930,25695766,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,PanosRulez,Best LOTR game. Very underrated and I cannot understand why.9/10
76561198050567445,Recommended,241930,15643488,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Chin CHin,"Unfinished,"
76561197969875942,Recommended,241930,30748139,Posted: 26 March,all,Dvine,"At first I was expecting just a typical 3rd person console button masher, or an Assassins Creed with a LOTR skin, and it kinda is, but it is also much more. Maybe not even in content, but in what it delivers, a good game draws you in, obsesses you and keeps you hooked, for as long as it lasts, and that is exactly what Middle-earth™: Shadow of Mordor did to me.I became quite engrossed killing orcs. Annoyed how they got promotions and levelled up after they killed me, I became quite obsessed with revenge :D The nemesis system really works. My nemesis was Thrak the Painted, a scumbag coward that always shot me with explosive crossbow bolts from a distance, and every time I got close to killing him, he ran away!Argh he had me SO WORKED UP driving me MAD!Eventually I managed to defeat him all the way at the end, when completing the game.There were other nemeses, but none matched in comparison to the hate I felt for Thrak the Coward ...ahem the Painted :pNot really sure which is DLC and which isn't but apart from the nemesis system, the main game had me playing for hours tracking down all kinds of objecs and artifacts of Middle-Earth, something I normally don't do. In most games I just stick to the main story line, and deviate little, but I guess these were done really well, and I just wanted to find them all, learn more about Middle-Earth.Talking about DLC I also played The Bright Lord DLC and Lord Of The Hunt DLC, but I'll write separate reviews on their respective Steam Pages.Middle Earth: Shadow Of Mordor First Impression Gameplay recorded at 60fps (full system specs on video)This is just my first hour, and I'm a total noob here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Buxi4hB1H2E0:00 Starting the game, intro cinematics, prelude.5:37 Intro ramble.14:45 Entering Mordor, first battle.23:00 Taking a look at abilities, weapon upgrades, runes, ...24:06 The Slaver.29:29 Killing Gimûb The Slaver.40:54 An Interested Party: Tracking down Gollum.As usual pics on my fb."
,Recommended,241930,26139047,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Xolotl,"One of the first things I noticed about Shadow of Mordor is that it breezes straight through one of the major problems I have with big, open world games like this: Every orc deserves whatever it is you just did to them. As much as I enjoyed Assassin's Creed and Mafia, it's hard to feel like the good guy when you're standing on 50 corpses of friendly local policemen with wives and families who just came to investigate a disturbance. Every orc is chaotic evil, they're all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to you and to everyone around them and you never get tired of butchering them.Gameplay is fun, with nice animations which give Talion's fighting style a bit more grit than the showy, flourish-filled dances of AC protagonists. Talion only really seems concerned with connecting steel to flesh. Your character is pretty overpowered out of the gates and becomes more so as the game goes on, but infinite spawning in strongholds means you can't completely run amuck there. The orcs are pretty stupid at finding you when you're in stealth mode, so you can escape pretty easily. Unlike a lot of games, the various gimmicks they give you to play with as you progress are all things which are actually useful. You genuinely had different tools for different situations and I tended to find a use for all of them rather than just settling right for the optimal weapon halfway through.Free-running and climbing seems more intuitive and forgiving than AC. In AC games, there is often only one route to the top of the tower and you have to find the handholds to get you there. Talion can just leap like 3m straight up. It's a small trade of suspension of disbelief, but I never got one of those infuriating deaths/mission failures from accidentally hopping onto a barrel or failing to approach the wall from just the right angle as often happened in AC games.Assembling an army of brainwashed orc captains was kinda fun and it was neat searching for desirable traits among the orcs to add your army's leadership and playing guardian angel for the ones you wanted to succeed. The nemesis system was pretty good. Because of how strong your character is, it was rare that I had an enemy orc who had really gotten the better of me more than once, but each orc captain has different strengths and weaknesses that you have to use to beat him. By this I mean, REAL strengths and weaknesses, immunities and insta-deaths not 10% bonus damage that you could just overwhelm with stubbornness. You had to plan an enemy's downfall as a hit, not just rush in and face-check them.POSSIBLE SPOILERS: The story I felt was a bit weak, a very linear story of vengeance and just butchering everyone who♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. As the game progresses, you're instructed to do more and more stuff which is quite blatantly ""evil done for the greater good"". Talion spends a long time staring into the metaphorical abyss and LOTR is filled with moralising about how embracing hatred and trying to use the Dark Lord's tools against him only results in becoming corrupted yourself. However this was never really developped and you don't ever suffer any consequences for running about the landscape gleefully using evil to fight evil.Pros:-Combat is good fun and well animated-Abilities and upgrades are useful and not just gimmicks-Collect up a squad of badass orcs to do your bidding-Orcs are all evil so you never feel bad about killing them-Free running and climbing is intuitive and doesn't seem to get you killed very often-Orc captains have unique strengths and weaknesses, requiring you to use different tactics to defeat themCons:-Pretty linear storyline with minimal character development-If you play it safe, you're pretty unkillableOverall, I'd definitely recommend it, especially if it comes up on sale."
,Recommended,241930,33147571,Posted: 2 July,all,AffrightS-,"I would recommend this gameto anyone who loves open-world games, killing orcs, and manipulating a hierarchy in a bloody and occasionally funny way. Fantastic game, thoroughly enjoyed from start to finish, Highly addictive game. Fun combat system with forgiving stealth system. The Nemesis system is exciting and with more options and events. Story is really not bad of boring I can't find anything negative about this game."
,Recommended,241930,12378620,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Necksus,"Shadows of Mordor is a game that, mysteriously, contains ideas that UBI soft initially advertised as contained in 2012-2014 FLOP of a title, Watch_Dogs.  An open-world experience complete with an intelligent and dynamic method of interacting within the world and watching stories unfold based on your choices and actions as well as failures (IMO, that's the best part of Shadows of Mordor: the one that omitted from a game about digitally manipulating an Orwellian world where you can know everything about everyone.)Take an open-world third person perspective, slap it with a Lord of the Rings coat of paint, give it ""Assassin's Creed""-like movement and parkour, and implement a response-based combo timing system a-la the proprietary ""Batman Arkham"" series titles from WB as well and VOILA: you have Middle-Earth, Shadow of Mordor.TL;DR20/10 orc heads, would impale (and be impaled by Ratbag the Coward) again."
,Recommended,241930,12417125,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Keebob,8/8 game of the year m8s
,Recommended,241930,12734282,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Bl0rch,"This game was something I admittedly didn't think would be very good, but after playing it through 100%, I can honestly say it was worth the time.The combat alone was worth the price to play, and even though there are side quests and things to do, they tend to get a little tedious, so the combat helps to keep it fresh.The game plays like Assassin's Creed and the Batman Arkham games. There's bonuses given for freeflowing moves (there's only one attack button for melee) but this means simply not getting hit and stunning your enemies to keep the combo meter counting. As you unlock abilities, you get to spend points on abilities that allow you to perform special moves every time you get 8 uninterrupted hits (5 with an upgrade). The combat is just hard enough to keep you on your toes, but not so hard that you want to quit. Every now and then you get hit with a QTE that takes you by surprise, but there's nothing crazy (like God of War or Casltevania Lords of Shadow).The ability system is two-fold, and veterans to any series that puts RPG elements with hack-n-slash knows that the primary system for becoming stronger is to spend some sort of currency. In this game, there's both. A currency system is used to buy health and focus upgrades, carry more arrows, add slots to your weapons for runes, etc. While an XP system is used to unlock various abilities. The abilities will generally unlock over the course of the game, but there's also incentive to go off and maul orcs on your own... the higher tiers are unlocked as you earn Power. Power is earned by killing orc captains and warchiefs, settling power struggles, or even avenging the death of your friends. As you complete these missions you will gain access to stronger abilities that don't outright OP your character, but make battles where you are clearly outnumbered a little easier.The ranking system for Sauron's army is a little tedious and repetetive, but it's so in a very pleasing way. As you progress, you will gain access to ""intel"" which allows you to get information about the captains in Sauron's army, as well as their strengths and weaknesses. Killing captains will affect the state of the army and allow you access to some of the more powerful warchiefs, each which drop their own special prizes. As you progress, you can even command your own orcs and have them battle each other. When an orc kills you, he gets promoted and is identified in the army so you can exact your revenge. The possibilities are endless... literall, as the army can never be fully wiped out.There's much more to say, and I've said a lot already, so you should just go play the game already!"
,Recommended,241930,13223181,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Fishzerg,"Shadow or Mordor is simply a fun and well-made action game. You will fight, slash, stab, shoot, throw. Sometimes you will devour while mounted on a beast. Other times you will mind control. Some other times again you will mind control a captain to kill another captain.  The game ultimately ends up as a sandbox experience, an uruk-manipulation-simulator where you have tons of fun trying to come up with new ways to mess with and kill these silly not very smart, yet tough creatures.Best part of the game is the personal touch it gets when an orc kills you and mocks you afterwards. He gets a name, a promotion, a mental and physical personality, and you can seek him out for revenge. If you don’t succeed, you will be farther mocked an insulted, which feels great!The game succeeds in letting you feel as an ultimate bad♥♥♥♥♥ especially as your skills grow during the game. You end up so insanely overpowered after a while, that only a few enemies remain a challenge. But at this point the game is still very fun to play, as you will be toying around with the above mentioned uruk-manipulation. The fighting looks and feels really great (played with a controller), and the amount of graphic detail is outstanding.The open world offers lots of content, and I especially enjoyed collecting all the artifacts as they provided smaller stories, related to the lore of Lord of The Rings itself. I even liked collecting all the mushrooms and flowers. Cozy.It amazes me however that the main story of this game is so shallow, when everything else is pretty great. The cinematics of the game are top notch and really fun to watch. The voice acting is superb. Certain smaller sub-quests aren’t that bad either, while the main story simply isn’t very interesting and appears unengaging and below average. It’s strange, when the game otherwise shines, developers obviously knew what they were doing regarding everything else in the game.Despite the unmotivating main story, I still highly recommend this game for its great action and the orc manipulation system. The latter is something entirely new in the modern world of gaming."
,Recommended,241930,32829021,Posted: 26 June,all,the mystical beluga whale,orc slaying simulator of the year 2014
,Recommended,241930,33380532,Posted: 8 July,all,I have no mic Mike,"Picked it up for $4.00 USD. Better storyline than most AAA titles which are $60USD + Season pass, another $50USD.$20 GOTY edition. Plenty more new content for $20. If only all game devs could put this much quality for a cheap price. $20USD for all this and still more than half the Games+Season Pass (Digitial Deluxe) at $110USD. Would defintely recommend."
,Recommended,241930,33356725,Posted: 7 July,all,The autistic scout,got the game cause cult of mush cant shut up about it(but tbh it is a really good game)
76561198133773643,Recommended,241930,33869575,Posted: 28 July,all,Potatoes4Lyfe,"A really good singleplayer gameHas an awesome combat system, stealth system, progress system, storyline, and basically everything is awesome.Can get a teeny bit repetitive with all the warchiefs and captains, but all round a really good game.Looks great and runs decent as well."
,Recommended,241930,33956948,Posted: 1 August,all,☯JustOneOtaku☯,Im big fan of movies and also books so for me this game is one of best.i cant wait for Shadow of War
,Recommended,241930,25684575,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Hoodie,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Not only is its death system the most unique i've ever seen in hundreds of games (consoles included), just when the gameplay starts to feel repetitve you're given a new power that increases the fun by tenfolds. For example, after hacking and slashing my way through the campaign, I started feeling like every mission was the same, go from point a to point b to kill this dude. Suddenly, i'm given the power to mind control enemies and force them to fight for me, adding a new difficulty to the stealth gameplay of mind controlling as many dudes possible and ordering them to attack dudes for me. It's great. Back to the death system. I love to hate it. The scariest thing in this game is dying due to the nemisis shtick. There's a bunch of randomly generated captains around the map, and four warchiefs. There are four tiers for captains before they have a shot at becoming a warchief, and if said captain or one of their men kill you, they get promoted.  This sucks because the longer you live, the heavier the shift of power, meaning that not only is the captain promoted, but numurous others are as well because of natural deaths or backstabbing. Also, all the dead captains/ warchiefs you kill are replaced as well, SO DON'T DIE! The combat feels like the Arkham series, just way more difficult, as you have to counter otherwise you'll get beaten to a bloody pulp real quick. Elven shots help lots in combat, which slows down time and allows you to pick off key uruks/orcs in the midst of a fight, trimming the numbers down to your favor. Also, the stealth is great, also like the Arkham series, but with a lot less cover and it just feels to be missing some key elements. Once you unlock mind control, if you are able to control captains you can send them off to fight other captains or try to become a bodyguard for a warchief, allowing you to backstab the dirty orc, or even manipulate the fight by triggering a fear of a captain/warchief and making him run away. I could spend hours talking about this, but to sum things up it's the most unique game I have played in forever, and I highly reccomend it. It can be hard to achieve amazing frames though, that's probably cause I have a semi-cheap computer with only a gtx 940m :/ . I give it a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,241930,33330300,Posted: 6 July,all,Λ | VennaN -'::^*,"Middle-earth: Shadow of MordorThis game is probably the best I've played. This game has a mix of Lord Of Rings, Hobbit. And love the story of Unfinished Tales Must say a real game experience nice instructions, the story is good, buildings and characters are well done. To me there was no problem that was encountered at all the excitement, the graphics and the sound are the best I know, what if you like hoobit or the story about the ring movie, this is definitely worth testing and playing, as well as clearing out the whole game. So much there is exploring this game, the best thing I know with this game is that I get a sense of Assassin's Creed gambling especially when it comes to sneaking behind and then chopping, climbing walls, jumping down on an enemy and Kill it, then the best thing is to have a dressed plag that has a hood like in the AC series but, the best buy i know enough as well as all dlc and everything for £ 4.99 and would recommend this game 10/10 is nothing Better like this game i would like, maybe not directly Skyrim is probably the worst i know, the folder is ♥♥♥♥ed you just jump around and look and look, but this game can be pointed out where to go, i love how the whole game is built , From all the movies, love Golum Found with Sauron, so see if this game will be a real point in the future.Recommendation:Yes, If you like Lord Of Rings, Hobbit and getting help by a Shadow.No, If you haven't seen the movie's or you just dont like to fight orc's.Game Impression:• Well in the begining i felt like, this was hard to me died like 20 times and just ruined my ♥♥♥♥ing day but ye its worth that.• After driving a bit, i really liked this game and keeped play this game as much i want and wouldn't stop to play..+ Fun, and was hard in the begining when i meet a monster.+ So much good graphic's and details.- So bad you can't play with friends.Best Discount:-80%Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor Game of the Year EditionWORTH BUYING:+ Yes, normal price worth it!+ Yes, can wait for salesI would say yes to Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor Game of the Year EditionWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?+ Yes, base game + individual DLC+ Yes, base game + DLC + Season Pass- No DLC+ 3st DLC is includedCan your computer run this: Check out here.Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor Minimum RequirementsCPU: Intel Core i5-750 or AMD Phenom II X4 965RAM: 3 GBOS: Windows 7 (64-bit only)Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 or AMD Radeon HD 5850Sound Card:n YesFree Disk Space: 25 GBMiddle-earth: Shadow of Mordor Recommended RequirementsCPU: Intel Core i7-3770 or AMD FX-8350RAM: 8 GBOS: Windows 7 (64-bit only)Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 or AMD Radeon HD 7950Sound Card: YesFree Disk Space: 40 GBHow much FPS = Frames per second I will say i got 100 FPS,Stuff on my computer:Amd FX6300 Black EditionGeforce GTX 1050 2GB OC12 GB Ram HyperX BlackIf you have better this is should work fine as much im not getting lagg, what i can see."
,Recommended,241930,14520531,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Boris,"Great Game, Cant fault it & would recommend. (Not a big LOTR Fan)Have to say its probably one of the best games to come out in 2014 from my view.I was actuly suprised at how nice this game looks. The overall theme in this game is just awesome, Reminds me abit of Dishonored.Great Storyline, Combat is fully up to the player to decide,You can go in as noisy as you want or as quiet as you want or maybe you just want to attack them from range... This game has it all and does a good job at it, The weapon runes seem to balance the game & combat out quite nicely on all grounds.There are a few bugs, Mainly climbing and getting stuck inside walls. Which isnt that much of a problem as you just fast travel to one of your towers."
76561197963281618,Recommended,241930,33253558,Posted: 4 July,all,Shazbot01,"This game lasted 50 hours for me. It is a fun Assassins Creed/Arkam Knight clone, but pretty short and not very hard. It has QTE's, but they are very forgiving with lots of time and no fail if you press the wrong button. I am looking forward to Shadow of War, but I'll wait for a deep discount given how short Shadow of Mordor was. Replayability is low once you master how to beat the AI. I played the main game twice, once without any optional skills or runes for a challenge, the Lord of the Hunt DLC, and the Brightlord DLC.Pros: Pretty, easy QTE's, never crashed, branding ability is fun to play with, can skip movies.Cons: Easy game once you learn how the AI works, not much fun when there isn't any challenge left, only two smallish sandbox maps, controls can be futsy but you can customize every action, Nemesis system is mostly pointless.Game + all DLC is about 40 GB to DL."
,Recommended,241930,33322948,Posted: 6 July,all,bluez,"If anyone is looking for a review, I'm going to simplify it.I finished this game within a 12 hour sitting, and I can't say enough how much I enjoyed it.This game amazed me so much, that I hate that I didn't find it sooner.If you're here loooking at the reviews, and this game is 4 dollars, hell, even if it was 20 dollars, should you buy it?Yes. You should, and I bet you won't regret it."
,Recommended,241930,13891544,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jimbobslimbob,"Shadow of Mordor is a hybrid Batman/Assassins Creed game set in the LoTR universe. It looks lovely, plays wonderful and is very addictive. Fans of any of these would probably like it.The combat is very similar to the Batman games. bar some key mapping changes I would go as far as to say it's almost an exact copy infact, so anyone familiar with the system will be right at home here. It's smooth, engaging and rewarding. A button-masher this IS NOT. Stealth works nicely alongside this system to give you several options for taking down the enemy. You even get some ranged weapons in the form of your elven counter-part's bow - using ""Elf Shot"".The story seems fairly well devised and sits nicely within the LoTR universe. it oozes Tolkien from the get-go and it's wonderful to be playing a LoTR game that is actually good. Voice acting is also top-notch, which really benefits the game.The nemesis system is a wonderful little addition that makes deaths more meaningful to you. When you get killed, the enemy gets promoted in Sauron's army, making him stronger. The next time you meet you will then get a little jab from them about when they previously killed you before battle ensues for revenge. There are some other really nice touches here, like if you choose to run away from one, they will comment on this the next time you meet. It makes the battles and deaths seem more personalised to your game and is a welcome addition.All-in-all, this is a very solid game that I would recommend to anyone that likes Batman or Assassins Creed and LoTR.Jimbo Rating: 8/10"
76561198214592032,Recommended,241930,33383405,Posted: 8 July,all,phillipshead,"I gotta admit, this game really grows on you. ""Orc-killing simulator 2014"" be damned, once you get the hang of the controls (which should be familiar to anyone who's played WB games or Assassin's Creed), it's a blast. I'm writing this now mostly because I've found myself, on multiple occasions, just getting lost in a stronghold for no other reason than but to brand orcs, blow stuff up, poison their grog, etc. It's a very satisfying playground. Despite the story being relatively short, you can still pick this up and have fun just playing with the various ways you can kill and control your prey.My only real gripe is the inconsistency of spawning mobs. I mean, it fits with the lore in a way, if you look at the Uruk-hai like you would the Zerg from Starcraft, but gameplay-wise it's kinda of jarring. Turn around one second and you might suddenly be surprised by, well, anything. Game just kinda vomits whatever the dice decide to roll at you. Bugs me especially when I've just branded a handful (heh) of orcs and all but one or two are just magically gone when I call on them.But y'know, I appreciate that. Randomness has always added to the sort of dream-like element video games naturally possess, so it works. And dying isn't such a bad thing in this game. Just ramps up the difficulty slightly as a punishment. But you take your lashings and get used to it, and quickly find controlling Talion will be like riding a bicycle.One comparison I keep thinking of is Abe's Odysee. Mind control? Check. Beast control? Double check. Traps? Not set by you, but check. A stranger in a strange world.Definitely worth the time to play. Games like this make me happy that I live in an era where this exists."
76561198007320695,Recommended,241930,14071679,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sebidee,"This is a really good game with great combat, stealth, story and characters. The Orcs really are brilliant and anyone who is into Lord of the Rings will be delighted with the different point of view this game offers.The game has a lot in it with a decently long main story and enough side missions to keep you occupied for hours. The Orc captain system is very good as well and you really learn to love to hate your enemies.Perhaps not as good as the hype around it says but this game is still very very much above average. One word of advice though, you NEED to have a controller to play this game since the combat is far too fast for a keyboard and mouse. Once you use a controller though it handles like a dream."
,Recommended,241930,14939611,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Firelintjjj,"they said it's a assasins creed rip off and yet there is so many differnces the gameplay is smooth the combat is smooth and awesome the story is catching you want to explore so many things good nature and dont start me about the dominating uruks, uruks fighting for you the dialogue is insane and a very good voice casting congratz for them! except the ending is a little bit dissapointment but overall it's a very good game a must buy who loves middle earth!8/10"
,Recommended,241930,20015461,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,farlanghn,This game is awesome and really addictive. Only problem is it's too short. I put almost 30hrs and when it ended I wanted more.Also don't expect a lot from the ending. The best parts in the game is the second half where you have most the powers unlocked and you can gain an army.
,Recommended,241930,20609717,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Haunted Evangelion VHS,"Been doing flips, and grabbing orcs with my ghost hand. Just like Tolkien would've wrote about."
,Recommended,241930,12926220,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,(SK^GI)*Skullripper,"I am not sure when the story is told, before or after the ring is destroyed, I guess before, since that sauron is kinda alive.An awesome fighting game with many different styles of combat: melee, ranged, silent, loud, mounted, unmounted, high-ground, low-ground.Battling orcs has never been that fun before! Every time you kill an orc-captain (a somewhat stronger orc), it will be replaced with a new random one. The orcs also battle amongst each other and it's possible to interfere them and kill them both at once! OR, even better, use your wraith to make them fight for you instead!This game has a great system, it comes close to a perfect game I would say. Even when you get killed by a random orc, they get promoted to captain and they will get stronger, you get avenge your death!There are also Warchiefs, the strongest (most of the time) of the orcs. They are guarded by Captains as bodyguards. If you can kill them, or turn them to work for you, you can ambush a warchief. It's great!The movement is similar to Batman and Assassin's Creed. Jump on buildings/roofs/walls and jump off from the highest points as possible. Kill an orc from above, or pull them off the ledge from below.There are also random events. Where orcs duel each other, have a feast, a beasthunt or something else! You can invade those and silence your target without even having to look for him!Pros- Good story- Awesome combat- Great promote-system- Nice orc-events- lots of mini-quests/challenges- SMEAGOL!Cons- No multiplayer/coop- no hobbitses :(Rating9/10Would play so much! Would almost play 24/7.Recommended?Yes, definately! For this price also. Sad there is no multiplayer or coop, but will just have to deal with it. It's really amazing how the developers did this. It's... it's incredible. A must have for your game-collection."
,Recommended,241930,12334655,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Heavenly Controller,"I am happily surprised with how satisfied i am with this game. I'm not a Lord of the Rings fan at all, but just bought this game on a whim. It was the hype game of the month and i said why the hell not, and took a leap of faith, and it paid off ten-fold. I love it when i by a masterpiece on accident.The game's story isn't really what keeps me engaged, but it is compelling enough not to want to skip. The voice acting by Talion is spot on. The game plays like Batman Arkham City meets Assassin's Creed, and builds on both formulas both in traversing the environment and combat. Like in the batman arkham games, the combat is extremely simple with some extremely complex mechanics buried within it, that makes for an intriguing and addicting thing to get into. I know there are story missions, but there's just something about simply killing hundreds of uruks all day and all night that just loses me.The game runs beautifully too, this is by far one of the most gorgeous games I've ever played. It makes Tomb Raider look like an old Xbox 360 game.My only minor gripe is with Warner Bros and their blocking of posting content published by them on YouTube, but if you don't mess with that kind of thing, then that doesn't even cocern you. This isn't the most innovative game in the world, but it feels like it's own game. Despite it borrowing mechanics from other games, it borrows them the right way, taking what made them fun, and throwing some middle-earth spice in the pot.This hands down one of my top games of this year, based on my first few hours of playing the game alone. You know this game is a masterpiece within the first hour of play.For a game that i never even remotely considered buying until it showed up in my queue a few days ago, I'd say this was the most satisfying blind purchase of $70 (with the season pass) I've ever spent. Buy this game now. Saving up for another game? Who cares. Buy this anyways. There's a 75% chance this game will end up being better than whatever it is your saving up for. The best part is, you can tell this game wasn't intended to be as good as it is. It's ironic that we live in a world where overhyped games are just that, overhyped, while the ones that fly under the radar turn out to be some of the greatest games you'll ever play."
,Recommended,241930,19437255,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,similarly,"tldr:  buy it.I've been playing games for over 35 years, ever since PONG!  I've played a lot of games.  Shadow of Mordor is one of the best games I've played.BUT ... when I started the game, I absolutely HATED it.  It was frustrating.  I didn't understand it.  However, the community gave me advice:  I was totally going about this game the wrong way.STORY:  This game, right away, made me care about the characters.  The characters and their motivations were very clear right from the beginning.Talion is a ranger on a quest for revenge.  Been there.  Done that.  But voice acting is strong enough to take a fairly cliche plot and breathe life into it.GAMEPLAY:  Best advice I got:  ""Killing all captains is not the goal of this game.""  The fighting is some of the best I've seen in a game.  I loved Arkham Asylum and Arkham City.  This game feels like a more polished and more focused version of Batman combat.  It's on par with Sleeping Dogs.You can approach silently.  You can hack-and-slash.  You can hit and run.  You can snipe the enemies with a bow.  As your skills and powers increase, the game hands you more and more tools you can use the mix up the gameplay.  I loved running around a stronghold blowing up campfires, dumping broken walls on orcs, releasing monstrous beasts and generally creating all-out mayhem.I've never seen a game that gave me THIS many ways to take down an enemy stronghold.MISSIONS:  Story missions are focused.  NPC characters are varied.  Challenges are challenging without feeling impossible.  Collectibles are INTERESTING, and they alternate between completing an image and telling stories about Mordor.The story missions build up right to the end and the story-telling, from a technical point of view, is very well-done.NEMESIS SYSTEM:  This is where the game really shines.  Each captain is different.  Once an orc moves up to being a captain, it gets a personality.  As you kill the captain again and again, and he kills you, he changes, and his responses to you change.  The writing for the captains and warchiefs is first-rate.PROGRESSION:  I really like how the game starts you off weak and builds you into the most awesome super-hero in Mordor.  It was VERY satisfying to feel that progression.CONS:  There were two main weak points in the game.1.  After a certain point, the orcs would die permanently and I wouldn't have the joy of seeing the same orc come back for another round.  I wouldn't want to change the current style MUCH.  I'd just like for there to always be a few captain who can escape to fight another day.Likewise, after a certain point, I pretty-much stopped dying.  Now, I don't care too much for games that never let you progress to being really powerful.  I like feeling like I'm moving up in the world.  But it would be nice to have a FEW roaming warlords who would level up a bit more and provide a serious challenge at the higher levels.  I wouldn't like to feel COMPLETELY invulnerable.2.  The ending.  I felt this was the weakest part of the game.  Fighting the Five Talons of Sauron was cool, but the battle against the boss called The Tower was too easy.  I get above him, drop down with a stealth drain.I think it would have been awesome to make the player use as many of their skills as possible:  take it these enemies with arrows, brand these orcs, ride a carragor here, ride and graug here, etc.Likewise, the final battle with Sauron was disappointing.  I would have liked to see a bit more:  not necessarily a battle.  Just something more epic.3.  Once I had completed all the weapon quests for one of the weapons, it would have been nice to have more of a reward than a cutscene.  I would have liked to have had a special ability unlocked.That said:  these are small things for me.  Overall, I really came to love this game, and its one of my favorite games now.One final note:  This game has one of the nicest communities I've seen on steam, with a lot of people who are really patient and helpful.  I'm really impressed by that."
,Recommended,241930,12489798,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,FrostFireSpirit,"Well, i had been looking forward to this game for quite a long time, it looked like it would be a mixture of assassins creed and the lord of the rings, which was always good.. The scenery looks amazing, the music is nice, and the story keeps you interested...However that said, the story is very, very short... and then when finished, it does feel like you have only played about half of the game, DLC from the season pass should come out soon, but it does still leave you wanting more.So after i finished the game after about 6 hours, i decided i would try and get the achievements, which are your standard, collect so many of this and kill so many of that, with the odd tricky one thrown in, freeing slaves is boring after the first island, as it is literally just going in and doing the same thing over and over again.The nemesis system is all very well, and yes it is cool that if you are killed by an orc they become a captain and can then become a war chief, and still remember you and insult you like everyone else in the game, but the novelty soon wears off, and can be a bit of a pain if wanting a specific captain to go to a certain position, which you need to do on more than one occasion.I do think that it is a very good game, if short, and DLC should extend the fun, it's just the landscape is all a bit samey, and it can seem a bit repetitive after a while."
,Recommended,241930,13766119,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ancient,"Okay, since everyone compares this to Assassin's Creed / The Arkham games, I'll get the comparison out of the way first.I DESPISE the Assassin's Creed games.  I've bought several of them for PC.  With each one, I'll play for a few moments, get completely tired of the movement and non-responsiveness of controls, and quit.  I've got like 20 minutes max in each AC game.This game is not that.  The controls are exceptionally responsive.  The Nemesis system is going to change a LOT of games in the future.  The gameplay is fluid.  There's not much of a story, but there doesn't have to be.  You're dropped into an open-world arena full of orcs, basically, and you're expected to kill them.  Enjoy it.I don't like AAA Titles very often, and I certainly don't like the 50-70$ price tag that comes with some of them, with on-release DLC.  DEFINTELY pick this game up if it's on sale.   And it's probably a solid buy at full price, too - I'm just a cheapo :PCheck it out.  It's interesting.  It's fun.  It has mechanics you've never seen in any other game before.  It's responsive.  It plays amazingly on keyboard and mouse OR on a gamepad.  It's a rare gem.  Period."
,Recommended,241930,13842121,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Okerlund,"I will say right off the bat, that I mostly play MMOs. Not many single player games can pull me in. The other day I sat down, turned on this game, and for 6 hours I could not exit. I didn't want to get off. I figured I should sleep so I did. I don't play it every day, but when I do I can't put it down. The Arkham series was my all time favorite single player game, but this one has taken that over. I am crappy at reviews but here ya go:First off, I heard the last boss fight sucks, that its to easy. I haven't got that far yet as of typing up this review. But honestly,  I don't really care. The game is extremely enjoyable, the amount of content for a single player game is awesome. The story seems to be fairly short as there is only 20 missions in it, but if you do all the side stuff, its very lengthy. Would I recommend this game to someone that only wants to do the main story and none of the side stuff? I would say No. This game really feeds off doing side missions, messing with the nemesis system  and whatnot. Building up your weapons, purchasing abilities, etc.. Its just all around a great game to get lost in.Speaking of purchasing abilities, the system is good and all, but almost 14 hours in I think and I almost have all the abilities purchased that is available. The only reason I bring this up, is because I think that its bad. It reduces customization options. What I mean is, it don't really matter where you put the points cause you will end up having them all anyway. Know what I mean? At this point I just slap a point in, see what I got and go on my way. I just love deep customization, but that won't knock points off from me.All around its an amazing game. Would I change anything? Honestly no. I do hate stealth and am TERRIBLE at it (terrible hardly explains it) but in this game its rather easy so far. It may get more difficult, I don't know, but its not a hard system in this game. Its very simple and straight forward. At this point, the Arkham series had harder stealth areas than this game does and I managed that one fine.Ok ending this here. Hope it helps out some, probably not :D"
,Recommended,241930,12485777,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sjoelback,"If Arkham City and Assasin's Creed had a baby, this game would be it."
76561198006671199,Not Recommended,241930,27882858,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pr0fius,A repetitive and simple hack and slash game in Middle Earth. I bought it because it had a positive feedback but I should have done some research first. It's a bad copy of the first Assassins Creed games where you do the same thing over and over again.
,Recommended,241930,12503956,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Isaac,Yes.
76561198298003667,Recommended,241930,31892079,Posted: 21 May,all,Party Memebers®™,"A really enjoyable experience. If you're a fan of Tolkien, Assassin's Creed, or the Batman Arkham series (or better all three) than this game is a must buy.First the game is beautifully optimized for PC. Runs at ultra settings at around 80-100 fps for me. (My specs being an Intel core i5, 8 gb of RAM, and AMD RX 480)The gameplay is very fun, it has stealth elements similar to Assassin's Creed and a combat system which is almost exactly like the Batman Arkham games. Some of the side missions are a bit repetitive, but a lot of them are really fun and test your combat skills.The story was a little weak, however most of the characters are memorable. Troy Baker does a great job voicing the main protagonist Talion.Overall I'd give it an 8.5/10. Though the story is a little weak and can be repetitive at times, at least the gameplay is well done and has good characters.I recommend this game for the $20 price it's at, and I'm excited for the sequel coming later this year."
76561198047402570,Not Recommended,241930,33448801,Posted: 10 July,all,nGy,Repititive and unpolished.
76561198043718594,Recommended,241930,31331303,Posted: 23 April,all,Antikys,"Awesome combat,awesome game.Really hard to find something to complain about but some people might find the game to be a little repetitive.8.8/10"
,Recommended,241930,33453328,Posted: 11 July,all,Nasty Lil Girl,"great game, steal at 4 dollars too"
,Recommended,241930,12798521,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Xonikz,"Ok, so there's some fun here. The storyline is incomplete, but the graphics are good and the team added an in-game camera system specifically for taking crafted screenshots. Take note all future games, this is the best thing ever. Oh, and the the trick to level quickly is to die a lot and let specific captains build up their rune drops to epic proportions before eliminating them with lots of choppping and such."
,Recommended,241930,24027190,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dante McEdgelord,"Gameplay- Shadow of Modor has a easy but fun combat style, it is basically the same combat system as the Batman Arkham games. The combat here is fun but not rewarding, because the fights are way to easy, you can go 1 on 20 and still win. However I have to praise the devs for making very detailed and fluid combat animations for this game, the finishers and executions are some of the best I have seen in any game. The skill tree in Shadow of Modor is also pretty nice, there are attribute upgrades and there are also new unlockable skills, they are upgraded seperatly, one using skill points, and the other currency. Overall combat system is fluid and very fun to play around with, the variety of skills, attribute upgrades, and runes keep the combat refreshing.Story- The story here is interesting to follow as you uncover more about Talion and the Bright Master, however it is not up to par with the likes of the Lord of the Rings books or movies, but ether way, still an interesting story line to play through. I felt that the ending was pretty weak, giving us one of the lamest bosses in a long time as well. Overall story could have been better and more detailed, but it is still acceptable, since the gameplay and characters make up for it.Overall opinion- Overall I really like Shadow of Modor, it is a very fun game to pick up and play, the simple combat system allows for any video gamer to play and enjoy themselves. The story could have been stronger but it even as it stands Shadow of Modor is still a great game as whole.Reconmendation- I would say this is a must buy for anyone that is interested in Lord of the Rings, and gamers that are into the hack and slash genre would love this game as well. It is a definate buy when on sale."
,Recommended,241930,14633724,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Sigh,me before playing shadow of mordor: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)me after playing shadow of mordor: ( ͡O ͜ʖ ͡O)
76561198071344694,Recommended,241930,14320191,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Meme_Lords,"At the time of writing this review, I am 27+ hours into this game, with 18/20 story missions completed, all character upgrades attained, one army almost entirely decimated, another fully under my control, all collectibles found, and a handful of slave liberation missions completed.If you enjoy high-octane action and adventure games that manage to hold up a good story, introduce innovative gameplay ideas, has amazing grapics, and performs well on the PC, then Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor is the game for you.I have never been a massive fan of the LoTR series, so the story of this game was fresh to me (I knew not much more than the basics of the lore before playing) and strayed far enough away from the central plot of the books/movies while still including some major characters in the game. The story was not this game's strongest point, but it was still very good and kept me entertained until the game's conclusion.You've probably heard of the Nemesis system if you have done any research on this game, and it deserves the hype. It genuinely adds to the gameplay experience, and offers fun and interesting twists to the gameplay. Captains who kill you in battle will grow in strength, gain followers, lose weaknesses, and get promoted. Fighting them but letting them escape will make their actual battle wounds prevalent in your next encounter, as well as unique contextualized dialogue between you and the captain. Sometimes, just like Talion (main character), a captain that you have killed will come hunt you down and challenge you to a ""rematch.""The most amazing thing about the nemesis system is how it creates real digital enemies who you will grow to hate (or admire if you dominate them). Very early into my play through, I was fighting 3 or 4 captains at once. Having few special abilities, low health, focus, and elf-shot, I was barely managing the captains and horde of normal uruks. However, just before I was killed for the final time (I had a rune that let me go down 2 times before I was killed for good) I killed a captain, restoring my health to full. I then whittled away at the uruks as some ran away, and was down to the last captain. Unfortunately, he caught me off guard, and then a random spear thrower got me with a lucky shot and killed me while I was down. That seemingly unimportant level 1 character leveled up ~10 times just for killing me once. He became my nemesis, and after growing in power even more, I tracked him down and decapitated him after a long battle. That has been my favorite moment of this game so far, and it happens all the time with the nemesis system.Not only are the graphics fantastic in this game, but it also runs incredibly well. I am running a GXT 970 and an FX-6350, and while my GPU may be pretty solid, it is not quite the top of the line, and my CPU definitely has room for improvement. However, I am able to pretty much max out this game at 1080P and always get over 60FPS. I can't have the Ultra textures enabled because NVIDIA lied and the 970 only has 3.5GB of VRAM that is useful to games, but turning down textures a little bit to fit your VRAM needs will make sure that this game runs without a hitch, while some crappy console ports run terribly on my system even on the absolute lowest settings.TL;DR:Awesome game, tons of fun, long campaign and potentially ""infinite"" replayability via the Nemesis System, fantastic graphics and performance. 9.5/10, I am 27 hours in and plan to spend many, many more."
76561197983082568,Recommended,241930,13371612,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Blue64,"Middle-earth: Shadows of Mordor  Score 10/10It is hard to describe, but this is RGP FPS with Adventure PERFECTED.... This one of the greatest games I have ever played [2014]. Impossible to believe but this is one of those amazing events that happens about every Two Years in the DigiverseI remember those amazing feelings that I had with games like DeusEx back in August 2000, HALO, Half-Life 1&2, Bioshock 1&2&3, Fallout 3&NV, Borderlands, Assassin's Creed, and most recently Dishonored.Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is Grand in that unforgettable way. All PC Gamers will play this game.... eventually.Add to Cart and smile big time.... : ))"
76561198081536083,Recommended,241930,19024139,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,OsamaYomoma,"Amazing game, great graphics, lots of murder.Only thing is that it crashes to desktop every 30-60 min on my AMD gpu. Other than that it's pretty stable.I got it for $5 on the halloween sale so I'm not complaining."
76561198078188251,Recommended,241930,33343370,Posted: 7 July,all,Agosaxv2.0.4+,"+ Nice and easy.+ Can spam 3 button to win 99% of the fights : 1 melee attack button and 2 counter buttons (1 for melee , 1 for range) no timing require!+ No cooldown for counter buttons also , so spam away.+ Good for Stress relive. You can beat everyone , they rarely fight back effectively. Can spam the flash bomb move to beat invincible bosses also.+ Good Graphic+ Can pretend that the game is hard by trying to time the counter attacks and melee attack also! If you are into self-imposed difficulty.+ Can pretend to play it like stealth game also.+ You can even run up to enemies from the front with that ghost speed boost thing and stealth kill (?) them!+ Cheap during sale , l got GOTY edition for 2.5$ lolSuper Cheap Price / 10Definitely recommendFYI , l played this a lot longer than steam time indicates , in xbox360."
,Recommended,241930,18585320,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,RubZy,"Middle Earth™: Shadow of Mordor™ is a third-person action-adventure game developed by Monolith Studions (known for such works as the F.E.A.R. and Condemned franchises) and published by Warner Bros. Interactive. The game's story takes place in Tolkien's 'Lord of the Rings' universe while gameplay takes inspiration from the Batman Arkham titles as well as some elements from the Assassin's Creed franchise, and at the same time, featuring an all new mechanic called the 'NemesisPros:Good graphics, animation quality, special effects and over-all art styleGreat use of the 'Lord of the Rings' franchise and materialExcellent voice acting and over-all sound design that adds to the atmosphere and immersion of the gameRelatively large map with several side missions and collectiblesCombat gameplay is fun and satisfying making good use of the Arkham/Assassin's Creed gameplayCons:Story is a bit weak and some of the characters were not particularly memorableGameplay is not as challenging as I would have expected from an action-adventure gameOrc Captains / Warchiefs level cap at 20The final boss was boring and too easy, not challenging at all."
,Recommended,241930,33379047,Posted: 8 July,all,loose,"It's only 4 euro's right now, go buy it!!! :')"
,Recommended,241930,32882620,Posted: 27 June,all,Mendigão Maravilha,Awesome game
76561198017141093,Recommended,241930,12769463,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Iareownyou,Das good
,Recommended,241930,32990565,Posted: 29 June,all,Avatarp30-⎝IR⎠,حرف نداره.گرافیک عالی و داستان جذابمن قبلا بازیش کرده بودم کرکی .اما ارزششو داشت بخرمش
76561198080502550,Recommended,241930,19364303,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,petasek-666,"OK first let me tell you this, When I first played the game I thought to myself "" oh it's a copy of AC ""... after a few minutes of gameplay I realized how wrong I was, this game is absolutely great, the interactions with the uruks, the story which is absolutely captivating. And by no means, just because talion climbs wals and stuff does this make it a clone of a said series.  The game is standalone, breathtaking, filled with action, and so many COOL ways of dispatching your enemies and alowing you to choose your aproach. Are you gonna be all sneaky and silent? Or perhaps you're gonna be a badass who walks right through the gate of an enemy camp and just cleave your way through hordes and hordes of orcs?? Or maybe you like to snipe with a bow, teleport and quickly execute foes, or perhaps you will be the Bright Lord who commands his own army of orcs??? It's up to you really... there are ways to make the game very easy aspecially when you are nearing the maximum of your perks and upgrades, some of the chalenges are actually chalenging and some of the more elite Uruk captains are tough cookies... I actually met one who was imune to melee, ranged and stealth damage altogether, and it took me a few takes to get this MF down :D. the game also looks great and the story as I have said before is really good, Talion is not your average ""oh no I must avenge my familly"" sissy... no he's a cold hard killer of orcs and beasts, and where he comes short then there is the ""Wraith"", who is just as scary as the F*ckin Sauron himself... driven by hatred hard to imagine, also there is some history and lore about middle earth which I liked and some people didn't know about ( at least from what I gathered from comments and such :P ) and the best and biggest + in this game is that nobody needs to be save by the F*ckin Eagles!!! ( hate those things!!! so OP :D ) I was kinda dissapointed at the lack of the 9 but honestly the Hammer, Tower and the Hand are kinda F*ucked up in the head as well so no real dissapointment there... Honestly though, the game could have been a little bit harder, some of the skills you can posses are really OP like hell... especially with the right runes ( And no I don't mean the lame ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ones you get from the DLC's)all in all... the game is great for any fan of middle earth and it's story... also except for the really nasty one... there are no prissy Elves so thank god for that ( F*ucken tree huggers :P )so for me it's a big Recommend, and also......... ""It's time for a new ring"" :3"
,Not Recommended,241930,27017586,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MyFaceIsContraception,"I bought this game because it looked like an interesting concept, yet the gameplay got stale fast. It felt like assassins creed all over again; counter then attack. They tried to implement gameplay mechanincs that would challenge you to fight different bosses with different moves differently. yet all the bosses I fought you just counter or dodge then chain attacks, then use the execute. Very boring gameplay; I couldn't even finish the game.TL;DR: boring gameplay don't buy"
76561198066910830,Recommended,241930,12379688,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,DragonSamurai360,"Middle Earth Shadow Of Mordor is an AWESOME game let me tell you why.Pros:1. Optimization - my GT 755m 2GB GDDR5, I7 4700MQ, & 8GB memory can run it on tweaked ultra with 20fps, or 30+ on medium/tweaked high 1600 X 900 resolution. For a middle class laptop that's pretty AWESOME!2. Graphics - Even on low this game looks AMAZING, however I highly recomend NOT trying out ultra textures on a 2GB VRAM card as you may get slowdowns, freezes, crashes etc. I was lucky when I tried out high textures seems to go fine with my 2GB card.3. Nemesis System - This literally is the best feature I HAVE EVER SEEN. Unless you beheaded a captain I found many captains coming back for my blood many of which succeeded in getting it. One captain and I went back and forth at least 7 times before finally getting him.4. Gameplay - Story is very engaging and a lot of fun, you kill lots of Orcs like who doesn't love that, & unnatural powers that allow you to make a mess of Orcs and Mordor.Cons:My only nitpick is this game would be darned near perfect if we could play as an Orc and do political backstabbing and control large bunches of Orcs to do your bidding.Conclusion - If you want to play a fun game based in Lord Of The Rings Lore that is bloody, but yet engaging at the same time pick it up at first oppurtunity.Overall Rating - 9.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,13190643,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,moo,"Cool and fun game. However, I feel like the content is kind of boring and repetative and the main questline feels very short. Would not buy this game again at full price, but if it is on sale and you like fast paced and cool looking games that are easy to learn I suggest you go for it.  7/10"
76561198119467012,Recommended,241930,16298435,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,torr,"Open World RPG tarzı oyunların çok popüler olduğu bu günümüz piyasasında bu tarz oyunlardaki rekabetin artması en büyük şansımız. Hele hele bir de söz konusu Orta Dünya ise bana göre ilk sırada bile gelebilir. Sinir etmeyen, becerinizi gösterebileceğiniz ve kafanıza göre takılıp eğlenebileceğiniz bir oyun, konusu da ekstra olarak çok iyi.  Yüzüklerin Efendisi ile çok bağlantı aramayın , bu oyunu sevmemek imkansız, 9.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,12479578,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,-PEves-,"Well After 106 hours of play I have completed this game 100% and achieved all achievements.This game is fantastic. Definately worth it. The game is quite easy to play through. My hardest challenges were in the steam achievements. The fighting mechanic is easy to learn and get used to and it stays consistant throughout the game. The only negative feedback I can give about the game is that is was very very simple. There were not very many parts in the game that were overly challenging.  Everything else aside, I played for 106 hours and I had fun doing so. The story is pretty good and it captures the essence of the lord of the rings.Rating: 9.5/10"
76561197992814721,Recommended,241930,12330283,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Wunder,I want to start out by saying I have been playing Lord of the Ring's Action RPGs for a long time. This make all of them look terrible. This game ia amazing. The combat is fluid and as you unlock abilities becomes epic. Dealing with Orc captains and the like is fun as their attributes and weapons seem to be randomly generated. You may even help a no-name orc rise in the ranks by being killed by him. So the game is truly wide open in that repsect.  There are tons of things to do and there are always new missions added as the orcs progress through their promotions. They are power hungry and attack each other all the time. They also join each other to bolster their forces. Though be prepared to kill a boss two or three times..lol though after each time you vanqush them they become much more ugly.. If you enjoyed Assassin's Creed and Batman Arkham series pick this one up. Better combat than Batman IMO......and it's a fresh bit of Middle Earth history that has not been elaborated on.The story and acting are great and fresh. A gem this one here...
,Recommended,241930,28197638,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,DucreuxMeme,Batman Arkham meets LOTR.  Amazing.
76561198084012592,Recommended,241930,12995250,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Green_Bear,"Awsome Game worth getting if you like singleplayer games. You may not like it at first but when you get the hang of it it is brilliant, I would say its one of the most fun stories i have ever played."
,Recommended,241930,19275099,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Baudisch,"Amazing yet repetitive game. Solid combat gameplay, amazing stealth and original captains and warchiefs mechanics. A flawless bug free game.But it comes to a point that it is always the same thing over and over again. Find captains, slay or dominate and so on. Also after you get the hang of it and get all the core habilities, the game gets too easy and pointless. I finished the main storyline and that's it for me. I don't feel motivated to complete the game secondary tasks and quests. I won't even touch the DLCs.Completing the story and playing around with this mechanic was enough and a nice experience overall. It took me around 20 hours.Recommended."
,Not Recommended,241930,25610599,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Branch Boy,"I am going into this review with a decent knowledge of Lord of The Rings, having read some of the books, and of course having watched all the movies.STORYLets start off with the simple stuff, the storyline. Not only is it very short, it is very overdone, your family is killed, and you seek vengence, you gather an army, you make close allies, you go after boss. Just wish that a new twist could have been put onto this, or an original story could have been made. Not to mention, that once again, we are seeing more bland, unrelatable characters, alongisde our already bland, and unrelatable playable character of Talion. So sad to see this, honestly, I though that is anything was done right, it would've been the story. The Lord of The Rings series is so uniquely creative, and unfortunately, if your only knowledge of Lord of The Rings is playing this game, it could be a big turn off to potential readers/fans.COMBATTAgain, with all of Warner Bros. games, it is the exact same form of combat, pushing two or three buttons. Why do they do this?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owpd8YiBFcEThis is just one example, but, Shadow of Mordor is no different. There is a huge gap between what is really going on on-screen, and what the player is doing. Talion may be flipping around, executing Uruks, but the player is only pushing a few buttons. The cool things you see on screen wear off after a while and the game becomes boring again. I really hope this doesn't catch on any more than it already has, and why it has become acceptable to have to do so little in games anymore really amazes me. The ""stealth"" aspect of this game is an absolute joke as well.PARKOUR/CLIMBING SYSTEM:Very unpolished, making it feel like a discounted Assassin's Creed knock-off, I wish they would have dedicated just a little more time to it, because otherwise it would have been decent. Often times Talion will not go where you tell him to go, or it will take him 2-3 seconds to even move from the position.Irritating when you are attempting not to be seen, and you unintentionally make him jump off a roof thus making him seen by all the Uruks in the near area.SCENERY/LANDSCAPE/WILDLIFE:Very beautiful game to look at honestly, the colors are so vivid, and the landscapes are awesome and pretty vast. The only gripe I have with the games scenery/graphics is that again, like all developers, they cater to console users, and all the cutscenes are pre-rendered. I really despise that, but I also understand that the developers are in the business to make money, not just to please fans, but this is going off topic.The Caragors, and Graugs and pretty cool to ride and kill, I like that feature, and for the most part, the creatures and wildlife are pretty lore-friendly. Except for the Ghuls, they were added for no real reason and server no actual purpose to the story, another useless feature that actually takes away from the story, and may confuse potential fans. That and not all of Mordor is a complete wasteland like this game may lead you to believe, but that really isn't a big deal.NEMESIS SYSTEM/OTHER GIMMICKS:The biggest selling point for this game is the Nemesis system. I cannot dispute the fact that this feature is pretty cool at first, but later on, you can tell it's really just a cheap gimmick. It gets old fast, and very tedious. Having to find and ""interrogate"" Uruks for information about higher-ups is very tedious, and repetitive, but doing this isn't necessary, therefore, another gimmick.The only real gimmick I enjoyed a lot is being able to possess enemies and make them fight for you.OVERALL RATING/OTHER COMPLAINTS/OTHER THINGS I ENJOY:What I do like about this game, which may seem contradictory, is the fact that you do have a choice of ""stealth"" or going in head on and taking out enemies.TONS of collectables, if you still want to take a shot at this game, you can definitely invest at least 100 hours into it if you want.What I do not like about this game, which I know will be controversial, but I personally do not see a need for it, especially in this game, is the inclusion of a mini-map. This game is supposed to be an open world, adventure RPG. With the inclusion of the mini-map, you are not able to take in all of the beauty this game has to offer, it would have been really cool if you would've ran through Mordor, finding pieces of the map after killing/searching Uruk encampments or other places. Would have made it feel a lot more survivorish and cool in my opinion.I really wish that they would just take out all mini-maps from games, I know this is the new norm, but I truly dislike them.I truly wish I could reccommend this game, but I cannot say that I enjoyed it very much. It will confuse newcomers to LOTR series, the combat is boring, and repetitive, the story, is boring, and repetitive... The games gimmicks are just that, cheap gimmicks."
,Recommended,241930,24497333,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Aleks,Even a branded Uruk Glowing eyes are brighter than my future
,Not Recommended,241930,33986793,Posted: 3 August,all,Swack,Ending is♥♥♥♥♥♥ first boss fight is the hardest boss ( that's not saying much)
76561198020934519,Not Recommended,241930,23881401,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,leqesai,"EDIT: It should be noted that this review is based on my first impressions with the game and should be taken with a grain of salt.Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is a well made game. It runs well and it is interesting from the lore perspective of someone who is a fan of the Tolkien mythology.So why am I not recommending a purchase of this game?Its boring. Granted the first hour or so was really entertaining, but the game feels very much like Batman or Assassin's Creed. I mean it feels shallow. Hunting down and killing the captains and warlords is fun the first couple of times you do it, but once you see that the slain are being replaced you lose the sense of progression. It feels completely pointless to go around killing the captains.The upgrade system also feels shallow. You get runes and skill upgrades, sure, but they are very generic and uninteresting. You can upgrade your health, stamina, weapon slots, and combos/special moves but you don't really get a sense of character development. From the get-go your character is a supreme badass compared to the legions of rabble trying to gut you. You don't really even need special moves/combos through the unlock system to feel badass. Just as long as you're able to hit the ""counter"" button and dodge arrows you're going to be able to take down enemies far outside the intended progression.I'm sure lots of people are really into this game. But I can't recommend it. Its too similar to the Batman/Assassin's Creed games to be worth playing through. It feels just as generic and shallow as the other games I mentioned and suffers from the same critical failure. It just isn't that much fun doing the same stuff over and over and over and over and over again while you are toted along the generic plot."
,Not Recommended,241930,34447954,Posted: 23 August,all,Kenny Bell,"Very repetitive, unoriginal, boring fights that make no sense with the same counter system in Batman. I really don't understand the fun on this game considering that you basically kill dudes all the time. I've played 5 hours of killing orcs, nothing else. Character progress is too simple."
76561197970773650,Recommended,241930,12331164,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Mavmike,Awesome mixture of the Batman combat system and Assassin's Creed playstyle set in Middle-earth (awesome duh). So good it made me want to write a review. Only complaint is it isn't long enough. That's what she said.
,Recommended,241930,12458872,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jj. Moonchild,"Take control of Talion, a ranger killed by Sarouns minions during the fall of the Black Gate. He has been ""Banished from Death"" by a mysterious wraith who will help him exact his revenge.The game is well acted, with Troy Baker nailing the main character. The story of revenge isn't entirely original but is made interesting with the addition of a wraith in the cast.The combat is solid, being a slightly dumb downed version of the Arkham system. The combat is just as unforgiving however and it takes some time to get used to the mechanics. Arkham veterens will, however, not find much diffictuly, but should enjoy the system for what it is.The highlight of the game, The Nemesis system, brings your enemies to life with unique foes that evolve based on your actions. They come back for revenge if you take them down and will taunt you endlessly if they take you down. It's a breath of fresh air that could have been a disaster.The game is a fantastic value. It took me around 18 hours to finish the main game with a bit of dillydallying.8/10. Worth the 50 dollar price tag, especially for Lord of the Rings fans. It is one of the best open world games this year and the best Lord of the Rings game of all time."
76561198273729220,Recommended,241930,20513925,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Pastel,I'm in love o-o
76561198161444955,Recommended,241930,13310994,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,dBranco,"Quando vi esse jogo pela primeira vez no BGS 2014 ja achei animal.Um dos melhores jogos que ja joguei.....podem falar o que for, que lembra Assassins Creed e bla bla bla, mais o jogo é sensacional, os graficos excelente a historia e o melhor é totalmente dublado.E para quem é fa da trilogia O Senhor dos Aneis vai amar esse game."
,Recommended,241930,14108434,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Dodge,"Could not quit playing this game until I was done, I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of The Lord of the Rings series."
,Recommended,241930,14802118,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,TuesdayTroll,"This game is sick! I run through the world tearing heads off, you should try it!"
,Recommended,241930,12373569,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,JohnB,"Awesome game, worth the 34GB download."
76561198137880181,Recommended,241930,12825723,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sniper Wolf,"Just finished this beauty and I was not disappointed. Upon first hearing about the concept of this game when it was first announced, I remember rolling my eyes and being sure it would be a hum drum cash in, these first impressions were very wrong! The game's story slightly deviates from established lore for the purposes of storytelling but it is a compelling tale in my opinion. Some of the story's developements may cause side effects of wincing, eye-rolling or groaning in Tolkien purists but we should all stop to remember that this game's story is not considered canon and for an unadulterated version of Tolkien's vision there are always the original books themselves.  Finding all of the game's artifacts became an obsession, as I loved the different stories they told about Middle Earth's fascinating history. The final missions of the game felt a bit rushed, but other than that I very much enjoyed the game's story. The voicework in the game is absolutely top notch. Great performances.Combat is fun and at first challenging but as you fill out your ability trees you will make Mordor your ♥♥♥♥♥. The nemesis system works very well and the legions of unique orc captains and warchiefs definitely keep the game world interesting. It was very interesting to see Orc culture and the dark powers that rule over them explored more deeply and fleshed out in this game. This game should definitely appeal to everyone from  hardcore Tolkien readers like myself, to those with only a passing familiarity.*PS, I notice this game has an ""RPG"" tag on the store page. Do not be mislead by this. Just wanted to point out that this game is in no way, shape, form or fashion an RPG. There is not even the first dialogue choice in this game. It is pure action/adventure."
76561198156525406,Recommended,241930,12411642,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Leava,great game
76561198113400563,Recommended,241930,13629627,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ThatOneGuy23,"I'm sure you've heard this about, but this game plays very much like a combination of Assassin's Creed and Batman. So if you're a fan of these games, I would definitely recommend this game to you. Gameplay is very smooth, and a bit hectic at times. Many times I have been caught fighting 30+ Uruk and 3+ Captains because I charged in head on, not scouting the area first.Overall, I'd give this game a solid 8.5/10. A very fun game to play, with a great new mechanic in the Nemesis system, one of the more inovative things to come out of this game"
,Recommended,241930,12837576,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,CaiNX10A,"The best action game I have ever played since forever.And a game that can genuinely claim, about introducing a new and powerful gaming mechanic that can turn a nobody bad guy, into a somebody :) A somebody with whom you will develop memorable tale of bitter rivalry ended in either your or its demise.Only negative downside, game gets easy really fast :)"
76561197972410852,Recommended,241930,12781983,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,S Y M S Y,"I love this game. If you like combat systems like Batman: Arkym Asylum then you won't be dissapointed. If on top of that you're a fan of LOTR then damn, say goodbye to your other games. It also sports some pretty decent voice acting, a nice story line and some actually funny moments that will make you chuckle. Not to mention the Ork heirachy system and AI is a fascinating thing to see in motion.It's downfall may be that to some, it could become repatative due to the fact that this game is essentially about killing lots and lots of Orks... but when it does it THIS well, you won't want to do anything else.Rapidly becoming one of my favourite games of all time, and that's saying something.< < < < S P O I L E R > > > >Just completed this - don't get your hopes up for epic boss battles though, the last two main bad guys are simple QTE (quick time events) which leave you feeling a little cheated. God damn QTE's. Bit of a shame but in no way a reason not to play."
,Recommended,241930,12375439,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Norpham,"Well first things first, this game does and doesn't live up to all the hype it recieved. Let me explain while I find the gameplay fun and engaging others my not, it plays alot like the Assassin's Creed and newer Batman games combat wise, the music is excellent imo as well. The nemesis system is in-depth but not as in-depth as they lead us to believe in trailers and whatnot. Even though it still makes for interesting stories and gameplay, and speaking of stories this has one of the shortest I've seen in awhile. It's a pretty good bet that if you've played Assassin's Creed or Batman games and beaten them, if you just do the storyline and don't go running around like I did you could probably beat this in 8-10 hours. The game says its a large open world but don't believe it. Its two maps divided up into areas that you can freely roam in though you don't get access to the second map untill roughly the half-way point of the game. Overall still a fun game but I'd suggest renting it for console first before buying.Overall Score- 7/10Music- 8/10Combat- 8/10Storyline 9/10 (while short is still excellent imo)"
,Recommended,241930,12500232,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Pilinga51,one of the best games of 2014
76561198003757885,Recommended,241930,12885073,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Goobus,"Very fun, stays true to LOTRs universe.Combat is fun and keeps it fresh with a number of upgrades and abilities. Story is alright, fills in some lore gaps from the movies. Tons of replay value."
76561198115205282,Recommended,241930,12811773,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,l0stredempti0n,Absolutely Amazing! Graphics are impressive. Only downside is the shortness of the story.
76561198129153151,Recommended,241930,13519212,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,شكري,Batman + Assassin Creed
,Recommended,241930,13593713,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Hugh Mann,"Combat Pros:Whether you choose stealth or the walking mayhem approach You always feel like a powerful combatant. Arkham esque. Brutally violent. Every execution could be it's own Slayer album cover.Combat Cons:After several hours of playing it can become a bit dull and repeatative.----Story Pros:It's brief and unobtrusive. Often in games that let you choose your playstyle the story parts have your character doing things that you've avoided doing for hours of gameplay. (in farcry 3 I played very stealthy and yet in every cut scene this kid was running around screaming his head off like an idiot)Story Cons:The story is generic and kind of flat. Which isn't to say it's bad but some people may be expecting a lotro/hobbit epic adventure and it's not really that.----Why should I not just wait until this game is $10 on steam sale?:Quite simply, the world they created is stunning. The Nemesis system is by far one of the single most interesting mechanics added to the Assassins Credd/Batman games since they added boats to the Assassins Creed series. I completed the game in just over the minimum completion time which is not a feat by any means but what is impressive is that after I did that I spent the next 5 hours watching how the nemesis system played out. Sometimes I would kill my own guys to create a power vaccum just to see who took over. It's truly fascinating. Sometimes you'll find a weird little Orc that you just have to back in their power play because they're such a weird dude. When one guy kills you it beccomes a personal vendetta. Unlike quick time events I hope the Nemesis gets picked up by every game maker because it just helps give the player a vested interest in the world they occupy."
76561197970612498,Recommended,241930,13277172,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Vanwilder,"If you combined Lotr online with Som, now u got a game thats worth prob a 100 bucks, the story and stuff to do in lotro is J.R.R tolkens mind, everything else Som offers! and i repeat everything! overall this game is still game of the year to me hands down! i enjoy every kill and every inch of quality ,this offers a new generation for us gamers, kneels on the floor Amen!For you people thinking hard about the field of view problem i recommend this  10/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mX6IPZRn-po"
,Recommended,241930,23873728,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Conman,Warner Brothers be like: Wtf!? we made a good game?
,Recommended,241930,12453805,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,⎛⎝[BSC]Delta-9⎠⎞,"ME:Shadow of MordorLets start with just the mech. of the gameplay.I could have stood to see a bit more diversity in combat. But, it still isn't the worst.Left click to do a normal attack, right click to block. Throw in a F and a 2 once in a while, and you have some good cinematic camera deaths.It is simple, but still fun. I hit a 200 streak and I felt like I did something..lolYou can up the anty, so to speak, if you pull your bow out when you get swarmed. Plus, you throw in some of the later ""skills"" that you get, and you can come up with some cool maneuvering and fights in general.Gameplay mechanics in general; I give it 4 Orkish Screams, out of 5.    4/5Side Quests:There is a few different types to go on. Which I do like. BUT.....They can get repetitive, and after a few, you get to ""know"" how to handle it with ease. Not that ""that"" is a bad thing. It just could have had a bit more to it. Like with the ""slave"" missions; They could have had consequences. Maybe a timer to release them, and if you failed, it would give you some bad reputation. So the next one you take could have the chance that a slave would give you away, or give you some bad info...I dont know, but something seems missing in the side missions.I give it 3 Orkish Screams out of 5.     3/5Artifacts and Runes:I really liked the idea of finding atrifacts. And then being able to ""hear"" the memories in them, was absolutly genius! Not only do you get a bit of some story line info. But, you also get random info from random ""people"" in the land of Mordor.I really iked that about the game. I just cant see why they decided to go the route they did with the runes. If they wanted to have a ""boss"" drop something, why not a weapon/armor/etc? The icon for a rune drop bugs me as well. I would have rather had to do like the artifacts, and had to go into wraith mode to find them. Plus they could have made them look like a rune, maybe a stone with a rune on it. And, we could have looked back through them, like the artifacts.So, eventhough I do love the artifacts, I dont the runes...I give this ""system"" 3 Orkish Screams out of 5. (only because of the artifacts)   3/5Main Story Line:Admittingly I found it a bit lacking at first. I couldn't see what made ""me"" the one that had to be ""possessed"", and had to stay and fight instead of being with my wife and kid..lolBut, as I was getting into finding these artifacts, some opened up more of the ""behind the scenes"" story that I was missing. It took a while for me to understand what time period we were in. I couldnt figure out if this story was before, during, or after, the trilogy. (I admit I havent read the books. Dont sue me..lol) But, I figured it out..lmaoI must say that even after I figured it out, I still feel like there could have been more to it. Tie in's to more charactors in the game, and movies for that matter. So it seemed short, I guess is what Im getting at..lolI give it 3 Orkish Grunts out of 5.      3/5So overall, I would love to see this grow a bit. I did notice that there is a ""season pass"", but I cant see getting it yet. A ""horde mode"" isnt going to cut it for me. I can get that in one of the main camps. I will probably wait to see what is released, and decide then whether or not it worth getting. As it is right now, I cant justify a season pass.My overall rank:I give Shadow of Mordor 3 Orkish Screams out of 5.Mostly for a lacking of content, for me.Very Fun, interesting, and I dont regret the purchase.But, the replayability isn't there for me. (maybe if they add a co-op mode? But I cant say THAT would do it either.)I would still recommend to anyone wanting a hack and slash with a ""Middle Earth"" theme.(maybe wait a bit for it to drop down to around 30$. Which I predict will be around December.)"
,Recommended,241930,13079281,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Slippery,"If the idea of Arkham-style combat and loot collection, with (better) Assassin's Creed style parkouring, and a bit of very satisfying magic abilities stirred evenly in, you'll probably enjoy the roughly fifteen hour main campaign, and maybe find youself coming back for the host of extra content and side missions, or maybe just to blow up an Orc skull or two. If none of that remotely interests you, then, well, uh, I dunno. Don't buy it, I guess?"
,Recommended,241930,13870818,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Maxson,Owns
,Recommended,241930,13153405,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Lt. Slut,"Got killed by an Orc, got promoted to Captain, killed me again, got promoted again, killed me another time, defeated warchief in a duel, finally going to own his♥♥♥♥♥ Orc gets killed by a Graug that showed up, killed Graug, mourned over the dead Orc10/10 Would kill Orcs again"
,Recommended,241930,19778733,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Nudey,Very good game omg so good omg buy it omg good game omg
,Recommended,241930,12491931,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Ra'Senché,Personally i think this is the best (Uruk) Sims game evai ended up killing all the orcs who werent wearing bones on them... XDthe story is alright i feel but minimal... which is intirely fine for me because all i ever wanted from a Lord of the ring styled game is to slay Orc's and Uruks in the masses.
,Recommended,241930,12491644,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SaltySaurusRekt,AMAZING GAME I LOVE I SOOOOO MUCH
,Recommended,241930,22628614,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,EgoNecoTu,"Pro's:-Great Visuals-Great Performance-Good combat system (similiar to the batman games)-Good Story if you like the LoTR universe-well made missions-a lot of collectables-great variety of missionsNeutral:-3 main combat modes: Bow, stealth dagger and sword, but usually you mostly use the sword because the dagger is only usable in stealth and the bow has limited amount of arrows(unless you upgrade it)-different story types-easy to 100%, because you can see most collectibles on the mapCon's:-sometimes hits and blocks dont register well-changing direction while sprinting can be a bit difficult at timesOverall:Great game in the LoTR universe with a cool story, good performance, good graphics and a nice and smooth combat system. Would recomand to anyone who liked the batman games and/or likes the LoTR universe.9/10"
,Recommended,241930,13060082,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,FlipSpan,"Fun game to play if you're not playing hardcore on fps games. Sit back, relax, and roll over them Orcs!"
,Recommended,241930,14002402,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,blUEmOoN,"Stealth kills 5 orcs in a row from the front.8.5/10 - ""Not enough bosses"" - IGN"
,Recommended,241930,12369533,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,tmb2k,"One of, if not THE, most enjoyable game I have ever played. Slaughtering Uruks is so entertaining, I just can't get off my computer now. Don't let my hours decieve you, I have almost 200 hours at the moment and I'm still going strong (Steam should fix the Offline Hour system). I highly recommend this game for anyone looking for a fun adventure through a gorgeous world.PS: Be wary of downloading on low-end systems! This game requires a heavy duty card to run smoothly. My AMD R9 290 just grabs the ULTRA settings, but I do not recommend on a low-end system. Also, its over 40GB after install, so have fun downloading!"
76561198033034282,Recommended,241930,12378202,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,[TS] Stalin,"You can drop a nest of angry flies on a pack of 40 Orcs that are searching for you, and watch them scream and run.10/10"
76561198081695779,Recommended,241930,32899762,Posted: 27 June,all,AsianKat303,>be me>buy the game during a steam sale>look around the map and see slaves>help slaves and they tell me to save more slave>turns our there are more slaves>question why there are so much slaves in the game>start to question why do i even bother>now im just crouching around trying to mount random uruks.
,Recommended,241930,12338762,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,MAzing87,"This game is AWESOME!!!Pros+Gore+Immersive+Nice story+Fluid combat system+Meaningful Deaths+Excellent orc nemesis system (I can't think of any game that had this)+Motivation to get revenge on the no name orc that killed you and got promoted for it.+Decent grahpics+Have not come across any bugs yet+Different orcs with personalitiesCons-Can become repetitive-The game takes up a lot of VRAM to run. Gamers with 2GB cards will have a tough time running this on max or ultra settings.I am having a blast playing this. This is like a God of War (minus the cinematic set pieces) meets Batman. If you liked any of those games, you may like this one. My only gripe is the amount of VRAM the game uses. I have a GTX 760 with just 2GB. While I can run the game fairly well, I can't max settings unfortunately. Add the HD textures pack and it's a tough time on mid to low level systems.I recommend anyone to pick up and play. Enjoy!"
76561198086294596,Recommended,241930,12333542,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Montaro,It's definitely game of the year.
,Recommended,241930,23736670,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,CHIEF‼,"By far one of the best singleplayer games I have ever played.Fast, fluid, and addicting combat makes for hours of refreshing and entertaining gameplay."
,Recommended,241930,12408027,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,KossTheBoss,"+ Great Arkham style combat. Very meaty and satisfying, and the skill tree helps to keep it fresh.+ Nemesis System creates cool emergent storylines. Great innovation from Monolith.+ Solid Story with loads of LotR lore. Nice integration of the Nemesis system into the story.+ Good visuals and solid PC performance.- Story, while good, feels a bit too short.- Minor problems with the climbing that interupt the smoothness of translating running into climbing. Not a big deal though."
76561197992292401,Recommended,241930,16544150,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,madoc,Great action RPG that gets more shallow as the game progresses and your character becomes more powerful. It is a lot of fun to slice up packs of orcs and control others to do your bidding. Nemesis system was a bit of a new twist and it will be interesting to see if future games implement similar systems. Overall there isn't much to this but killing orcs gruesomely.8/10 If you turn your brain off
,Recommended,241930,32958610,Posted: 28 June,all,Stoffing,A decent game
76561198077301318,Recommended,241930,32980072,Posted: 29 June,all,Makita ◢◤,"Good story, fun to kill orcs. :)9/10Goty edition for 4 bucks autobuy"
76561198117756571,Recommended,241930,32940200,Posted: 28 June,all,Gravity Wall,WORTH IT AS RPG FANATIC
,Recommended,241930,32989789,Posted: 29 June,all,็,N1
,Recommended,241930,32777771,Posted: 25 June,all,Snow,"Played a pirated copy when it came out- loved it and it ran fine.Played a legal version - worked only 2 minutes at a time.Nevertheless, the nemesis system is by far the best addition to games so I don't put much blame on the legal version. Even though Netflix has proven, if you make it easy for people to enjoy your product, they will pay money for it."
,Recommended,241930,33137043,Posted: 2 July,all,Okay,"This game is fun to say the least, Its assassins creed in the LOTR universe.Pros:Parkour is good and consistantly effective without glitching outSwordplay is a lot of countering but it feels nice and good to play withKilling Uruk captains is funDominating captaisn to your side is pretty good as a gameplay ideaCons:Can be VERY repetativeCutscenese seem to be at 30fps but the game is at 60+fpsIn typical WB style thje last boss is a quick event kill... Like mad max its basically press space and win...Story is a bit boring but tis good enough with the gameplayOverall, a 8/10 due to the pretty boring storyAND THE LAST BOSS BEING A BLOODY QUICKTIME EVENT, AGAIN"
,Recommended,241930,32805392,Posted: 26 June,all,Melchor,Amazing!
76561198000765631,Recommended,241930,33000084,Posted: 29 June,all,Hashshashin,"Late to the party with this one but I had to say this, if you loved assasins creed and the assasinations/fights the nthis is just up your street, love it, good fun and very unique way aspects."
,Recommended,241930,32982999,Posted: 29 June,all,SuperSandro2000,Good game. A bit grindy and you can play it trough in 25 hours but for 4€ it is okay.
76561198094060269,Recommended,241930,32961365,Posted: 28 June,all,Chingus Bingus,If assassin's creed and Lord of the Rings had sex this would be the game of it.                           10/10 orcs killed
,Recommended,241930,33016305,Posted: 29 June,all,Woosah-,Great Game
,Recommended,241930,29108886,Posted: 7 January,all,₯ | Nationalistika Ullheten,Gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing but the last fights were lazy as ♥♥♥♥ like an unfinished homework.
,Recommended,241930,33153814,Posted: 2 July,all,Karnov,"Shadow of Mordor™ is an extremely polished game which at the forefront sounds really innovative with the Nemesis system. Sadly due to very repetitive mission design and a very generic story the game never quite comes together as it could.Let's get the postives out of the way, man it's a beautiful game, during many of the closeup sequences it felt like it was a Prerendered movie. The Orcs look look fantastic. Animation is very smooth and the combat while not having much of a skill ceiling still manages to feel good, your attacks have a lot of oophm to them and cinematic flair. Storywise I was very interested in Celebrimbor and the rise of Sauron.Sadly this game just starts to feel very rinse and repeat after awhile. Missions always boil down to killing a bunch of orc goons only a couple of them feel very unique. The Batman Detective Mode/Witcher Sense whatever you wanna call it is in this game and it's just so overused at this point it's a total cliche. While I liked Celebrimbor's story I felt so little interest in the rest of the cast who just frankly felt like generic flat fantasy characters. A core advantage to Tolkein's universe is the many distinct races and in this game you deal exclusively with Orcs and Humans, and one Dwarf whose dialogue felt so boilerplate that I started screaming for the unskippable walking to end. For real where are the Hobbits, Elves (living), Wizards, and Tree People?And what about that Nemesis system? Well while I liked Orcs fighting each other the necessity to make them replaceable means there's not going to really be any standout Orcs. The only one I think I'll ever really remember is a comic relief who had Plot Armor attached to him. I think the system would work far better had Monolith made a few more Orcs who couldn't die until the plot needed them to in a crescendo.At the end of the day I only paid $7.50 for this game and got 15 hours worth of playtime. At that price it's worth playing around with and I found it to be a substanially more enjoyable game than say the recent Mad Max game. I'm interested in to see if the upcoming sequel can address the issues I had with the game. If it does it could end up being something really special.6/10"
,Recommended,241930,12939729,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Obi Wan Kenobi,Very fun and good game
76561198004615577,Recommended,241930,12439716,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Zyrillus,"Did you ever play the Batman Arkham series and think...""hmm, this needs some stabby death and a perhaps a touch of slash n' hackin' killin'"".  IF YES, BUY THIS GAME."
76561198006312422,Recommended,241930,13752834,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,|tb|JesusRaptor,"A thinking persons hack and slash.This is the best game I've bought in quite some time.I sneak around a lot, but since dying doesn't really matter sometimes i just wander into a pack and settle down for a long , fun fight. Riding the caragor (sp?) into battle is fun as hell.There are so many side missions it's ridiculous. I have barely touched the main missions yet.It gets frustrating at times (When you first start it can be overwhelming what with the different things the same keys/buttons do), but once you conquer the learning curve it is a blast.Once you learn the different moves/actions you might want to remap a couple of keys, but it can be played with a mouse/keyboard effectively.i almost forgot to mention: the graphics are amazing, as is the voice acting.And the Nemesis system is awesome as well."
76561198020932682,Recommended,241930,12413011,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Mr.Fox,OGR'GAH OGR'GAH OGR'BGAH YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,241930,14821765,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Dirty D,I found smeagol in this game. I then proceeded to give him the thrashing of his life. He didn't know what ♥♥♥♥ing hit him. He 's ♥♥♥♥ing dead.
,Recommended,241930,14042079,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,LazyNooblet,"Captivating gameplay in an immersive world. Simply far too much satisfaction is found killing Uruks.It has been 3 years or more since I have got ""into"" a game. Shadow of Mordor fitted my niche perfectly and I have played it exclusively for 2 weeks.I have just come to the end of the story, having completed all side quests and found all but the hunting/survival collectibles. It is not often that I find a game where I actually enjoy grinding through every last peice.Time and money well spent. I'll be looking back on this game in a few years thinking ""oh man, that was awesome""."
76561197963535047,Recommended,241930,12546050,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Felon,"Getting to be the zookeeper on the most violent safari to Mordor sure was a blast. if any of the Inhabitants give you any flak you simply cut their heads off. Or stab them violently in front of their freinds. Smack dab in the middle of orc society you the player are pretty much free to treat these Urruks as you please. Enslave a few and fight them against each other, who cares when the blood god demands blood.Head chopping simulator 5/5"
,Recommended,241930,12464978,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,BlitzCreek,"Highly recommended 10/10If you like the Assassins Creed series and the Arkham series, you'll love this game (even if you're not super into Tolkien lore, like myself). The combat, free running, and open-world setting will closely reminisce with either series, and the story is engaging without jamming itself down your throat (and without suffering from too much linearity). The real gem of this game, though, is the ""Nemesis System"". In it, basically the entire enemy/boss structure is dynamically/procedurally generated and responsive to decisions you make in-game. You try to sneak-kill a boss but he gets away during combat? Next time you try to kill him, he'll be ready for you AND he'll remember how you tried to kill him before, adapting his playstyle to ensure you can't take him down the same way twice. It's a great system that makes it so that you can't just keep doing the same thing over and over, ensuring your game won't be repetitive or boring. I'd also agree with a published reviewer that, even though the mechanics of the game do little to evolve during the playthrough, the perk system keep you almost continually stocked with new moves/takedowns/specials that you always have something new to learn, to play with, or to master. Highly recommended."
76561198066419978,Recommended,241930,12410508,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,ClemV/\,I loved the storyline its kinda short but its really fun going through KILLING EVERYTHING! 10/10
,Recommended,241930,13939828,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SinisterKid,Ubisoft should be taking notes.
,Recommended,241930,13086589,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Blackjack1001,I love this game! It is a pleasent experience to LOTR fans. If you havent seen or read LOTR series then i highly recommend watching the movies or read the books before purchasing this game. My only complaint is that alot of the game is anticlimactic and some boss fights are too easy.Overall I would rate it a 8/10
,Recommended,241930,14149810,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,here's connor,"I love this game. Love it. But after a while playing it, it quickly became repetitive. I love the parkour, and the combat, and the story and the characters, but the main questline is so short, and after that there is just too much to do. Having a lot of content is great, but I don't want to do the same 3 or 4 things over and over again. I probably won't get much farther past 40% completion of this game. I'm not going to downvote this game because of this issue, but it's definitely not worth $50, nor even the $45 I paid for the premium edition when it was on sale. Sure, play this game if you have the money to spare and you honestly won't feel guilty, but otherwise think very carefully about whether you want to play the same content over and over.TL;DR Not enough story or variety. Think very hard about purchasing."
,Recommended,241930,14216576,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,conbon,Best SIngle Player Game ive ever played 10/10 would bang talion
,Recommended,241930,15544584,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Tertiary Investments,Kill Uruks. Get killed by Uruks. Kill the Uruks who killed you.Rinse and repeat.9/10
76561198095475621,Recommended,241930,12851245,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Jimisi,Fantastic Game. It is just so much fun to play.
,Recommended,241930,12334677,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Zarifis¹³,"First off, should you get it? It depends I suppose.> Do you like Lord of the Rings? I hadn't touched a book, nor saw a movie. But I liked it ( I do know some lore though )> Do you like a lot of side missions to build up to help you in the main story? If yes, this is for you. ( If no, don't have to do them entirely )>Do you like hack n slashing, with amazing and brutal kills, sleek killstreaks and wraith powers to dominate in battle? If yes to anyone these, this is for you!>Do you like the ability to manipulate the story with your actions, to make it easier or harder? If yes, this is for you!>Do you like plot twists, with dramatic music filled with horns and thundering drums? If yes, you guessed it, this is for you!>Do you like picking flowers for health, and when you feel a little fruity? Then yes, this is for you.I find this to be a great game to play, very fun, and fullfilling. However, you do see repetitiveness in some fights, in manner of kill animations, and some are just of one style. However, the equal set of diversity of these moves, and that you can change your style to evoke other animations, make that null for an issue. At least for a while.Also, if you've ever played a Batman Arkham game, then familiarity will flow through your fingers. Though the effects will obviously differ, and somethings our protagonist can just do that Batboy cannot, you do have a sense of similarity. It  is actually somewhat easier in this than an Arkham game. But can be much harder as well.In the end, I really do believe this is a good game to get. Small amount of main story missions, ( 20 ) but you will be too tempted with so much else that you will only get one or two done between every 30 side missions. Give or take a few... :DAnd continueous playability as long as you don't mind manipulation of the Uruk ranks without any story influence. ( I stopped since completion of story, because albiet fun, it got boring. ) Still recommend, just take the story slow."
,Recommended,241930,13654470,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DignifiedPeach,"Overview---According to the game, I'm 12% through the game. This game is filled with Assassin's Creed-like parkour, Batman Arkham Asylum/City/Origins-like combat, and it's more entertaining than ever. It's a hack and slash with amazing elements that you will most likely not find in any other game. Not only is this a Lord of the Rings game, which is a selling point for most fans, but it's combat is fluid and systems in the game is faultless.I believe that this game will never get boring. The endless nemesis system is awesome, as many new captains come in, kill/hunt with each other, working their way up to legendary captains, which is their ultimate goal. Along the way, not only do orcs get attacked by your character, killing them after their fruitful efforts to reach the top, but also competing orcs. If an orc gets to a high enough power level, he will try to move up in rank...but some of the times that doesn't work, resulting in the loss of their lives and making the winner a target for the player.You can get upgrades for your weapons in game, and also upgrades for your character and wraith abilities. You do missions to gather a currency to purchase more health, shots for your bow and arrow, and slots for your weapons. You have three weapons in the game, which all play crucial parts; the sword, the bow, and the broken sword, which functions as a dagger. The sword is for most melee combat, the bow is for taking out ranged troops and grunt ground troops, and the sword is for stealth kills.Also, if you have friends who play the game, when you progress through the storyline, you unlock Vendetta waypoints. if you go to one of these, you have a chance to murder your friend's nemesis, which is the 'Uruk' that killed them most. This feature is awesome.Pros and Cons---Pros--Great graphics, even on low-Fantastic combat, gory and different every time, also challenging depending on your advantage in stealth-Brilliant mechanicsCons--The storyline's don't really line up. In the game, it takes place in between the end of the Hobbit book and before the Lord of the Rings trilogy. However, the enemies you encounter in the game are called Uruks, short for Uruk-Hai, which is Saruman's creation. This is before Saruman has begun working for Sauron, therein these 'Uruks' shouldn't be in the game.I hope you appreciated my review, and I hope you buy the game. Add me if you do so I can avenge you from your nemesis! :)EDIT:Upon completing the game, I just wanted to warn you. The final battle isn't exactly a battle...You just press buttons to block attacks. But the rest of the game is great, there's two different maps you can travel around, adding to the adventure.Graphics: 9/10 Beautiful scenery, gore, and orcs.Gameplay: 8.5/10 Engaging Combat, Interesting Systems, Disappointing Last Boss Fight.Controls: 9/10 Good Controls, easier with a keyboard and mouse than a controller. Keyboard Recommended"
,Recommended,241930,13034690,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,AlexFalkor,"<Semi-Spoilers?>+Voice Actors - Really good job with Talion, the pain in his voice was truly superb+Gameplay - Loved it being open-ended+Combat - I loved the mixture between the stealth approach and the direct approach+Character involvement - I felt for Talion as he felt broken near the beginning and then slowly regain purpose back in his life+Hordes - Made me feel like I was actually fight an army+Cutscenes - Also had great graphics+Upgrades - Plenty of them to last you from start to finish+Graphics - Were great+Landscape - Was beautiful-Main Storyline Length - If you only play it for the main quest it will tell you there are only 20 main missions, which actually doesn't take ""that"" long.-The Ending - Although it wasn't as ""bad"" as Thiefs ending. . .It's still kinda up there. You feel like you are going to finally face the Big Bad Sauron and all you get is a Quick Time Event and that's it. Not to mention ""not to long"" before this was a boss fight against ""The Tower"" which wasn't a fight at all. <--I played on max difficulty so trust me when I say that.-----Now aside from those two points (Which I do find imporant mind you). I wouldn't rate this game any lower then a 7~8. The game does what it was supposed to do which was being fun and making you feel like you actually could fight Sauron himself but again the ending really made it take a blow for me because there was no Epic Finish, which if there was, I would have given the game a solid 8.5~9/10. The one point being how fast the game is to finish but I guess that's more or less me wanting to have a longer storyline mission. . ."
,Recommended,241930,17404738,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Yolkster,It is not♥♥♥♥♥♥Pretty good infact
,Recommended,241930,19853041,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ryūgū Rena,"Hands down, this game rocked, as a lord of the rings fan I really enjoyed it. The story while not exact with the real story, their spin of it is well done, go kill some orcs."
,Recommended,241930,13889390,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Not Here for Fortune or Fame,"Shadow of Mordor is a pretty decent stealth/action game. It plays a lot like Assassin's Creed, with a focus on parkour and wall-climbing with QTE-ridden hand-to-hand combat mechanics but the various upgradable skills and runes give it it's own flavour in terms of gameplay.The much-toted Nemesis System is pretty solid, too. While it occasionally spits out fairly unremarkable opponents, it's also provided me with some very entertaining rivals. There's something about turning the cannon fodder enemy that happened to snipe you as you were making a clean getaway and turning him into an unstoppable leader that provides a very unique thrill. Unfortunately, I did notice an unfortunate tendency for my rivals to die horrifically shortly after I brainwashed them into joining me (RIP, Dush the Caragor-Slayer, whose post-duel fanfare was cut tragically short by a giant rock monster), and frustratingly while enemy Orcs can respawn under the right conditions there's no such luck for allied ones.There's a fairly decent campaign and a large number of optional quests, too, though some are definitely better than others. The slave rebellion missions in particular play out nearly identical to each other, which is very jarring since the ""Legend"" quests usually have a unique gimmick or two to make them stand out. There's also a few dozen relics to hunt down and elven symbols etched into walls that provide a neat little diversion as well.I did have some performance issues at times-- I had a recurring crash on launch that required me to restart my computer every few sessions in order to fix it, and the framerate does tank a bit during particularly busy sections. Shadow of Mordor is also fairly buggy at times-- I had several dozen instances where orcs randomly flew into the air, the ziplines had a tendency to make me clip into the scenery (forcing a reset) or fall out of the world entirely, and on two seperate instances the game crashed immediately after a lengthy quest forcing me to redo it.But while Shadow of Mordor is definitely rough around the edges at times, there's just something about being able to turn five of a general's bodyguards against him without him suspecting a thing, having them gang up and kill him in his home fortress, then causing all of their heads to explode with a single keystroke so that the sole remaining captain in his regiment, who was also under my control, can take his position in the enemy army. Or the time I let a random enemy kill me, then converted him and made him the most powerful Orc in all the land before luring him into a cave where he was eaten alive by the undead. Or that time where...And really, that's Shadow of Mordor in a nutshell. A fairly entertaining, if flawed, means creating the type of stories you'll share with your fellow gamers around the water-cooler. And then getting weird looks from your other co-workers because you explained, in great detail, how you let a ""Slave Taskmaster"" get torn apart by tigers."
,Recommended,241930,33190183,Posted: 3 July,all,Negan,"Totally worthy!Pros:- The game has nice graphics and interesting story.- Characters have natural moves and the combat system is good.- Orcs are quite peculiar with their singular and randomized style.- Voice acting is damn awesome.- Good atmosphere.- Killing orcs is awesome. In fact, killing anything in this game is awesome.- Every playthrough is unique due to the Nemesis system.Neutral:- Talion is overpowered. The combats are quite easy. No Warchief, Body Guard or Graug's match Talion when it comes to combat. You can take control over a freaking Graug with a Shadow Strike. REALLY!?- No difficulty level to balance this.-A.I is stupid making stealth easy (maybe orcs are stupid after all)Cons:- Short story, very short. Only 20 main quests, which you can quickly finish.- Side quests are repetitive and adds nothing to the main story nor gives anything valuable.- Final quest/final bosses are easier than kill flying bats or Ghouls. Come on [Spoiler, do not read unless you want to, you've been warned]killing the Tower with stealth brands after the threats and everything else. I thought he was going to be a god to fight, but man, disappointing. Then there was the Black Hand of Sauron and you kill him in secondsby hitting a control sequence.IT IS NOT A FIGHT.Well, the game is one of those that gets your attention. I liked to play it and now i'll play the DLC's, which adds more time of fun and quests to complete. Buy the game+dlcs in any promotion 80% off and be happy with this beautiful game."
,Recommended,241930,25566761,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Judassem,"There are literally thousands of other reviews, so I'll keep mine concise.+ An excellent storyline. The story follows Talion, a Gondorian ranger who is stationed at Black Gate. He is later possessed by a very important and very powerful figure in Middle Earth's history. The story's pace is quite good, though it feels a bit disconnected towards the end.+ The lore is greatly enhanced by the artifacts you find. Collect all the artifacts if nothing else. I especially loved the ones where they delve into lore of Blue Wizards.+ You get to see lots of important characters from the Middle Earth's history, and also many characters from the movie trilogy. I'm an avid fan of LOTR mythology, so this game was a very good opportunity to refresh my memory.+ The voice-acting and sound effects are incredible. It really feels like you are watching a movie during cutscenes.+ For those achievement hunters, the game is choke-full of collectibles and challenges, though none of them unlock anything in the game (This may be a negative point for some).+ Towards the end of the game you become something like a demigod. If you unlock all abilities and find all the epic runes for your weapons, there is nothing that can stand in your way, be it Graugs or hordes of orcs (This may be a negative point for some).+ The nemesis system really makes you want to go take your revenge.+ I loved the bit about Ratbag. I think all the quests related to him were hilarious.+/- The graphics are not ground-breaking. They are nice, for sure, but not mind-blowing.+/- The combat is nothing special. It uses the same system as Arkham games. It is less fluid than Arkham, but more lethal. You need to be more careful. With a little reflex, you can beat 20+ men easily as Batman, but you will die a lot if you try to take on 20+ orcs here (until you unlock epic runes and abilities at least).- Throughout the game I had frequent sound glitches. It may be my system (I'm using a Sound Blaster Z and I play with heaphones. I chose ""headphones"" in the audio options menu). The problem is, after a while all speech sounds come from the left speaker, some speech sounds are very muffled, and some sound effects are completely muted. Restarting the game fixes the issue.- There are tons of challenges and collectibles but none of them unlock anything.- If you don't rush thorugh the game and do all the quests and everything, you become nigh-invincible towards the end and the game loses all challenge (This was not a negative for me but it may disappoint many people).- There are some rare bugs in some missions which forces you to restart them.- The unskippable little cutscenes you have to watch every time you face an Orc captain or Warchief start getting boring after a while.Verdict: I think this game is a must-play for everyone, even if you are not really interested in the LOTR. There are some negative points to be sure, but the positives far, far outweigh them. Definitely recommended."
76561198094608959,Recommended,241930,26647517,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[TME] Blarglewargle,"Here, I shall be giving you instructions on how to prepare Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor for consumability.Ingredients:- A generous portion of great graphics- One cool sword and dagger- One tablespoon of Nemesis System- Much orc- Too many photos- J.R.R. Tolkien's wildest dreams- Batman- Tom Cruise- One strange ectoplasmic Elf person- Any from Ezio Auditore or Altair Ahad or Desmond Miles or Jacob/Evie Fry or Edward/Haytham/Connor Kenway or Michael Fassbender. Not Arno DorianMethod:1. Take Tolkien's dreams and mash them in a bowl until well and truly f---ed up2. Add all of the great graphics, label as requiring more VRAM than they do3. Mix in the Nemesis System. This is the main flavouring, so do not modify and mix in well4. Add much orc5. Add more orc6. Add special orcNow for your main character:1. Take your chosen Assassin's Creed protagonist (please not Arno Dorian) and remove his brain2. Remove Batman's brain and put it into your Assassin's Creed protagonist3. Put Tom Cruise in a blender and sprinkle him on your protagonist4. Mix with strange ectoplasmic Elf5. Present with cool sword and daggerFor the final touches:- Put your protagonist in the mixture- Kill his familyYou have now fully prepared Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor for full consumability and maximum experience.Enjoy!"
76561198094296752,Recommended,241930,30541558,Posted: 16 March,all,Orangutan,"No spoilersI played this game basically because I wanted to explore more of the Middle Earth's lore and wanted to play this before Shadow of War is released. Let's get to more details about the game.GameplayIt is a third-person melee and ranged combat style with emphasis on timing your attacks and countering enemies. And the game delivers here absolutely. You can take no more than 5 or 6 hits before you fall. During fighting the stakes are always high as every death gives more power to your enemies and puts you behind. Shadow of Mordor gets a +1 from me here.StoryAs I said in the top, I wanted to get a good Middle Earth story. But it's not great by any means. Premise is pretty simple. Nothing compared to anything written by Tolkein. But a couple of references and cameos makes it interesting. A mere 10 hour campaign (without side missions) with a super anti-climatic end boos fight leaves me far from satisfied. +0 hereLevel DesignGame is set in an open world map that is divided into a few regions. All of the regions are invaded by orcs and mostly when you encounter humans, they are slaves or dead. The scenery looks good and it looks to be inspired by the movie series and the books. +1 from me.CharactersYou play in the boots of Talion, a ranger (Much like Aaragon from the movies, but far earlier) who has lost his family and his life. He comes back to life with an elf smith who suffered a similar fate and together they set out to get revenge on the enemy. Apart from the main character and a dwarf, I found every other character pretty bland and did not care enough about them. +1/2 for characters.ReplayabilityGame is only a one time playthrough and it was meant to be this way. When it comes to upgrading your skills and weapons, you can get basically most of them if you do a few side missions. Not too much decision making or planning required here. +0Overall 2.5/5Buy it in discount and rush through the main story-line if you want to play the game for the sequel release."
,Recommended,241930,21436063,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,GameTalk\SSDD,"I don´t think this game needs to be reviewed at this point in time however, let me say this: Do yourself a favor, buy this game and play it now, you won´t be dissapointed.Excelente juego que no necesita una recomendacion para ser disfrutado, hazte un favor, compralo y experimenta todo lo que este juego ofrece por ti mismo."
,Recommended,241930,25343369,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,RogerBigby1,"Lacks a bit of otimization, but it's a very, very, very good game!! I made 100% of the game, including the dlcs!! All 100%!! It's one of the most loved games for me! I highly recommend for anyone that loves Lord of the Rings or Middle Earth!PS: I defeated like 80 orcs plus 7 or 8 captains, and no, I'm not jokin :) it's almost impossible, but when you master the game, you can do it, but you will have to sweat to make that :DOh, and in the general the game is not that difficult but some parts of the game have an heavy difficult, you will have a bad time passing them, but you will end passing them, just don't give up(this reflects on the secundary missions)"
76561197983949028,Recommended,241930,25960435,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Tortilla,"Pros :- Amanzing combat structure, camera and movements.- It gives additional perspective of the middle earth history (if youy like it)- Almost zero crashesCons :- After completing the history mode... the rest gets quite the same and boring.- I really hate the autosave... some parts/scenes are worthy of repeating and you can't... After preparing me for the final battles, i just finish all in less than 30min... without the option of trying again... so you have to do other 10h or 20h of game to get to the same part.Would I reccomend?Yep > get it on sale... or just get the main game... the DLC... I didn't like it"
76561198102967654,Recommended,241930,24054365,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Golod,"this game is one of my top ten best of all time. thats all u need to know to decide buy it or not.(dont look on my time recored. cause i bought it on PC only in 2016) but spent like a year on my ps4.now pros and conscons:- short (its con cause in the end u want MORE)- small map ( its con cause u want MORE to explore)- not so good optimization. to play on ultra u need a very good PC- this nemesis system. i cant tell anything bad about it but nothing good too. its fun for fist few times but than... meh. i can tell one thing it there and its cool. but if delete it u wont notice its gone  : )pros:- story one of the best.- graphics is great. even on low settings it beautiful. and u will never see so much details in killing orcs.- skill system is one of a kined. u reallly can see how better u are after few more new skills. and if on start u can die from 3-5 orcs. in end u can jump in crowd of 50-100 and kill them all. and all who come after to help them.- u can have your own army of orcs (but closer too the middle or end of story)- and last and best: combat system. in theory its the same as in batman or Mad Max or any other WB titels. but its not. its best i ever seen. it works so well. never in batman contrloller listen me so good.Its the best part of the game. sometimes u just notice that u killing hordes of orcs over and over for like an hour for no reason. thats how it good. sometimes u just forget about quests and side chalenges and go in crowd of orcs jumping and slashing. its so fun and so rewarding, i never seen other game with so good combat system. u can tell that devs gave there souls for that."
76561198197181823,Recommended,241930,25694063,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Thesdamos,"while it is a fun game, it becomes repetitive. Dappar Dan had it right, i wish the combat was more complex than 2 buttons, and once you have certain abilities the game becomes very easy and sort of boring. The Story and DLC was great and fun, but after you beat the main story lines, there's not much left to do. the controls are very much like assassin's creed. If you enjoy assassin's creed, this is a good game to try."
,Recommended,241930,25698147,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,naturrutan,Surprisingly good open world game with a decent story and fighting mechanincs borrowed from the Arkham series.
76561198053776190,Recommended,241930,12885001,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,GΛL Melkor,"This game is just Epic. if your a fan of Lord of the rings i realy recomend buying this game. you can fight all of Mordor by yourself or take controll of most of the orcs.It is one downside though, The main quest is a bit short.Other than that this game is the best game i have ever played."
,Recommended,241930,19980756,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Zombiehobo,hella fun. Good graphics. You get to run around stylishly murdering Uruk-hai for days.  It doesn't get old
,Recommended,241930,21030161,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MK-I,Awsome game ! :D
,Recommended,241930,21249518,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Alex Webster,"Overall, this is definitly the best LOTR game ever made. Period. The game is full of new mechanics which can hook you for hours, such as branding uruks to do your bidding and then making them fight to the death. The animations are pretty top quality as well.The only fault i have about this (beware, minor spoilers)The game builds up towards a huge fight of revenge with sauron, who is pretty much evil incarnateBut then they go and ruin it with the entire fight being a 1 minute long quick time event, come on devs. This is bloody sauron, show some respect."
,Recommended,241930,21372974,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DukeIndraneil,"/A great game with great combat and an actually interactive world. The story is fast and short, but falls perfectly into the movie continuity and is enjoyable. The Nemesis system is one of a kind and really adds gameplay value. 9/10 definitely."
76561197977744657,Recommended,241930,12343289,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,MagicSquid,"Orc Genicide Simulator 2014. I cringe at the thought of how many orc families I've destroyed in this game, how many orcchildren I've left fatherless and how many orc wives I've made orc widows. 5/5, would genocide again."
,Recommended,241930,12442256,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Mr_Bennigans,"The gameplay is pretty much a straight clone of the Batman Arkham games, which isn't a bad thing since the Arkham games have an excellent combat system. The Nemesis system adds a welcome twist to the familiar formula, though. Plus there's a little bit of Assassin's Creed thrown in for good measure. You could definitely rip off worse games if you wanted to.The story is well-acted but doesn't make a whole lot of sense. There are a few really great characters though and the story was genuniely funny at times. Unfortunately it just sort of ends out of nowhere. I walked away going, ""That was it?""If you enjoyed Arkham Asylum/City and want to play a similar game set in the Lord of the Rings universe, Shadow of Mordor should satisfy you. Just don't expect much else. That's pretty much all there is here."
76561198042433582,Recommended,241930,12448925,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Liserk,"This is one of the best games i have played in my entire life, i was stuck to the screen for 30 hrs and am still not finished!"
76561198068331944,Recommended,241930,13303932,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Tentative,"Shadow of Mordor:Graphics - On a decent computer it looks amazing, the scenery, the texture details the lighting, everything is really top class.Character detail and animations -  are fantastic, the physx hair and cape sway around in the breeze, the characters mouth movements sync up really well with the characters voice, not just in the cinematic cut scenes but the in game talking when you pick up a specific item etc. The looks on the orcs faces when you about to stab your sword into their face, the look of their friends is also really well done, you know, the look of horror when you brutally stab them all over the place. The animations for combat is flawless as well, the different types of kill possibilites for not only basic attacks but for executions and dagger kills as well.Voice acting + cinematics - really amazing job for every character, the stand outs for me was the guy the does for voice for Talion the main character I thought was absolutely fantastic, beautifully fits the character and also all the orc voices are amazing. Every captain has a different personality which affects how they fight in some cases. Cinematics obviously are gonna be great, I suppose its kind of expected in this time of technology, but Shadow of Mordor has more cutscene cinematics then pretty much all other games that I've played. There is basically one for each step of the main story which includes about 20 parts so. Yea really great job on the voice acting and cutscene cinematics.Immersion - So for me one of the greatest things about this game was the immersion, I guess games that come out now are gonna be more and more immersive because the graphics become more and more realistic but this game especially. It really gives you the drive to keep playing and to not only finish the story but complete 100% of the games content as well. The story for me was really quite good, the dialog that the characters had really made sense, it was logical which in some games is hard to find. And what I mean by that is some games have the character make really stupid decisions like not wanted to have help or not completely killing a person and its just to drag on to the story, similar to horror movies when its very dark and there is obviously someone hiding in the dark room with a knife but the idiot walks in anyway and gets mauled to pieces, when in reality, you would probably run out of the ♥♥♥♥ing house drive away get on a plane and ♥♥♥♥ing move to an entirely different location. Another immersive part of the game was the collectables part of the game, usually in games they make you pick up little items to extend the game a little bit. Shadow of Mordor gives you a logical reason and rewards for getting this items, they give you backstory of the item you just picked up or dialog between the Calabrimbor and Talion discussing what they found. There is also a bunch of rescue quests which involve you going to free human slaves from the orcs. Each time you accept the new rescue quest it tells you what the slaves did in order to be tied up and tortured and then that story affects the bonus part of the quest. For example if a bunch of slaves tried to poison the orcs 'grog' which is basically their alcohol, you have the bonus quest of finishing the job and poisoning the grog.My rating + should you buy the game - So my rating for the game is going to be a 10/10, I stayed up for 38 hours and I played the game for 37 of those hours and I enjoyed every minute of it. I was waiting for this game for a long time and it really delivered more then I expected. I think they did an amazing job and I'm really looking forward to what DLC's they're going to bring out.Now about buying the game for youself, I highly recommend doing it. It's an open world game with so many possibilites on how you would like to play the game. The captains and warchiefs are all different and you can choose which ones you want to control and which ones you want to kill, you can create your own unique army of orcs which is a really cool idea in my opinion. So definitely go out and get it, seriously one of the best, if not the best game ive ever played."
,Recommended,241930,15583032,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Blatherbeard,"Im not a fan of repetitive games most of the time, but just like FC3, i cant get enough of killing things in this game. It must be the cinematic way that you can kill things that draws me in most. Its not easy to master, but its easy to play if you are halfway competent in games.(which thankfully i am at least halfway...)Graphics are great, the way things die are awesome, find secrets, the orc boss system is pretty fantastic as well. I also like that the bosses progress when they kill you and become your nemesis, which promptly pisses me off and makes me want to go out and get my revenge. My pc is pretty monster but in other games ive has slowdowns where in this game, seemingly no matter whats on screen, it stays pretty fluid, set on mostly high and some ultra settings. (this is also the first game that vsync has helped instead of hurt for me, got rid of screen tearing).Overall i havent gotten bored yet, my game states 21.2 hrs of gameplay but realisticly its only 10 hrs(left it on overnight by accident) but still have only touched 2 main quest stories(to open up some skills) and levelled to enough power to get the second tier of skills opened(not opened by main questline stories)I could envision myself running around this game, continually killing and gettting killed, jumping up buildings and over enemies and blockign and ....well you get the idea.its sunday 27th of april and i bought this yesterday during a half price sale for 25.49, which included the season pass.if your reading this before monday, and have even a slight interest in this, i say its a no brainer at 25 bucks."
76561198079862792,Recommended,241930,14171718,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ΔSkyrimmerZΔ,This game kicks♥♥♥♥
76561198042260899,Recommended,241930,15621477,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Dovah,"B4 i start i just want to say that i am 100% totally and completely biased, as i am in love with the world of Middle-Earth...As soon as i saw the very first teaser of the game, i fell in love. Like most others i loved the idea of killing hundreds of orcs at a time and the idea to use Batman's combat style seemed like a perfect fit which would avoid clunky combat and make u feel and look like a total badass while preforming the great kill animations.When i got my hands on the game my love only grew further, as i didnt expect the orc society to be so personal. I remember dying the first time to what would later be my ""arch-nemesis"" throughout most of the game. However seeing his head fly off into the distance was well worth the planning and patience it took to kill him for good.However there is one ""negative"" that i found at the very start of the game, and that is the difficulty. This game is just too damn easy with all those visual cues on screen. Thankfully they can be turned off for a more immersive challenge at the start of the game, that being said once your character gets enough skills he is pretty much a god that can keep a kill-chain going till u start to feel sorry for the orcs.All in all i had a super fun time with the game and even 100% it (which is rare for me) and definitely consider it my GOTY of 2014."
76561198015541416,Recommended,241930,15628306,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,PocoLoco,Awsome game!!!! I cannot wait for a sequel !!! Very inventive with the nemesis system and great combat moves.
,Recommended,241930,32865749,Posted: 27 June,all,Proem,"Pretty neat, enjoyed more than I thought I would."
,Recommended,241930,21708597,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,MordorTactician,"This has got to be one of the most fun games I have played in a long time.I'm not inito first person Shooters, But Battles, hand to hand I find a lot of fun. It's got so many surprises as you start to unlock more abilities, and i remember qute a few ""WOW!' moments when I player it around once.My family, especially those into J.R.R.Tolien and Lord Of The Rings are playing it aswell.The extensions seem nice too but Its a once - Trwice playable round game.Then again I often strat right at the beginnning and have to ret hrder to win becasue you have nothing unlocked yet.A smart Idea of why , if Killed, you come back to life, and the voices and charectors of the types of Orks you play against are superb, I liek espcecially the coments you see about each caption and what mood he is in.Brilliant game,The extensions I didn't get into though unfortunatle though because I couldnt see how it was possibl tp defeat challenge with .... well i wont spol it.Absolutely Brilliant and Worth Buying.plus nice implementation of other please you dont actually see caan revenge the death of your player and visa veraThanks!"
76561198090234489,Recommended,241930,33087153,Posted: 1 July,all,Rioma,"8.5 / 10It's a very good game. Pick it up if you are into games like Assassin's Creed. Especially right now Summer Sale GOTY edition is only $4.It is fairly similar in terms of climbing buildings, combat, and stealth or brute force gameplay. (You climb buildings a lot faster though so it's not that bad in that aspect.)The nemisis system is fun to mess around with. You get info on your enemies and can plan your assualt accordingly or just go in blind. It's very exciting in the beginning when you're just walking around the world and the captains surprise you and you get a cut scene of them trash talking you. Eventually you'll also get to take over some guys and kinda have hidden spies around the map.-1 for no replay value. Once you beat the game and its DLC outside of collectables the only thing left to do is leaderboard challenges or playing with the Nemisis system. Host your own Orc fight club!-.5 Once you get some certain skills / traits and some experience fighting the captains you can abuse them and make almost any boss a cake walk regardless of their level.Looking forward to playing the next one : )"
,Recommended,241930,27622597,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,∞Lady Pitufa∞,"Brilliant game, shame it didnt last long. But would deff play again."
76561198143674801,Recommended,241930,33179119,Posted: 3 July,all,Jesus,Very good game :). BUY IT !!!!
76561198123274974,Recommended,241930,33067322,Posted: 30 June,all,slvr000,if u like hack and slash games buy it its very cheap :P
,Recommended,241930,33163496,Posted: 2 July,all,Maxakk,Uruk friend/enemy making simulator...  10/10
,Recommended,241930,33068621,Posted: 30 June,all,☛☸ᵠDͦazͦaiͦᵠ☸☚,Sedaaaaaappp
76561198025864014,Recommended,241930,33193081,Posted: 3 July,all,cyborgsniper,"Buy this game, one of the best open world action games ive played in a long time."
,Recommended,241930,33268853,Posted: 5 July,all,whreches,i havent honestly had this much fun in a game for years
76561198007444123,Recommended,241930,33306337,Posted: 6 July,all,Pikatchu,"My first game of this type, and for 4 € only with all DLCs ... Guys just pay it, and play it, you should love this game as I love it.Great grafics, very nice story, great combat technic, great Nemesis idea, and all for 4 €. Grab it when you can!"
,Recommended,241930,12621356,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Sasquatch,Assassins Creed + Uncharted + Batman: Arkham.  It's good stuff.
76561198046253478,Recommended,241930,12629385,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Aellysse,"Amazing gameplay. on par with the big Assassins creed and Dishonnored. The evolution of the main character is very nicely done both on the gameplay part, and the role play part.It might get a bit repetitive when completing the side quests, but by alternating mani story line, collectibles and fun-battles with the environment, you'll have a lot of fun.By doing this and almost getting all the side content, I had 37 hours of gameplay, and I enjoyed every bit.However, you have to like the Tolkien universe, and like reading and discovering the studio's interpretation of this world, else it might get a little boring for you.An honorable mention to the music, and the amazing dialogues, which go really well ith Tolkien's universe."
,Recommended,241930,12329324,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Bloodroach,"So I’ve put about 40 hours in the game thus far, it says I am 53% through the game. Now I’m not one for doing a lot of side quests, but this game is just so amazing there is a real incentive to do everything in the game, you find yourself running around collecting artifacts listening to memories and freeing the slaves. You find yourself going out of your way to save slaves. The enemies have some real context, they feel real. When you are slain he becomes a captain and can become more powerful. You’ll find yourself scouring the countryside for these captains to get your vengeance, and sometimes he will even kill you again, make that eventual victory even more potent. You’ll find yourself just killing off captains. There is so much to do in this game, and all of it stays fresh from the runes you get and the abilities you unlock really makes this game a fairly unique experience even though its mechanics are shared with the Batman and Assassins Creed series. Unlike those games this game gives you a real reason to do all the content in the games and get completely lost in them.Music: Ok, I’ve never felt more epic in a video game. When you are facing captains or are locked in an epic battle, the music starts taking cues from what you are doing on screen. You will punch a captain and the trumpets will start blaring and makes a string of combos feel more cinematic.Graphics: I haven’t had a single issue running this game and boy does it look amazing, I am running everything on ultra, it’s nice to see how far the lithtech engine has come from the days of F.E.A.R.. I’ve had a few issues where some U/I would disappear making it hard to complete some missions where I just had to quit and restart the game.Controls: This game feels very much like batman with the sword fighting. But I believe it feels much more fluid in this game and as you unlock more moves and finishers in the game the more fluid it becomes. I am playing with an xbox 360 controller and I felt a bit limited. I’d be using the bow and ill be using my right index finger to pull the bow and find myself needing to hit the right bumper to shoot a fire arrow which took some finger acrobatics. NOW I did have some issues with the way the game handled navigating the world, sometimes I wouldn’t jump a wall when I should have been which could get annoying when you are trying to evade enemies. Also sometimes the screen will tell you to push a button to do an action and the game will do a completely different action when you press the button, which can really suck when you are trying to jump down but instead you jump on top of someone in the middle of a pack of Uruks. But these minor control issues don’t make the game any less enjoyable.Story: Play it, there are a ton of great characters and well-acted dialogue. The word is even enriched by the enemy soldiers when you are sneaking around and you hear them talking about you as your legend grows.There isn’t too many bad things about this game. I still haven’t beaten the story, so I will update this review when I have completed it. But for now this is very much worth every penny and I have to recommend it to everyone even if you aren’t a fan of Lord of the Rings, I think this game has something to offer everyone."
,Recommended,241930,33183036,Posted: 3 July,all,Afilador,"ahora batman va por ahí desenmascarado, llevando espadas y matando orcos. gracias por destrozar el personaje zack snyder"
76561198275864705,Recommended,241930,33347585,Posted: 7 July,all,Krki,"This game is amazing. So heres the short review. The Nemesis system is actually very cool and its uniqe. The combat is really good id say as good as the Batman games. The game is worth at least 100+ hours why? Base game is around 30 hours complete. Then you have two more campaings to play trough, The Bright Lord and The Lord of the Hunt. Whom both are fantastic. If that isnt enough you have the tests where you can compete with your frinds. 9/10 Very good story telling, great dialouge, and it captures the Lord of the Rings feeling. Its continouation of Tolkiens series is great. But the game is built around stealth so if you dont like thoose type if games i would not  recommend this. Otherwise i would higly recommend this!"
,Recommended,241930,33008505,Posted: 29 June,all,Rocksteady2090,Hell yeah I recommend this .. best deal of the 2017 summersale 3.99 !!??!!
,Recommended,241930,12576403,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Haesus #RealPolitik,"It Is A Very Beautiful Game Of Grog, Killing Uruks, Riding Animals And Mind ControlGraphics- 10/10Sound- 10/10Gameplay- 9.5/10Story- 9/10Overall- 9.8/10"
,Recommended,241930,12602347,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,S33ker,"This game was a really cool game! It has a nice combat mechanic and moments where you just say to yourself, ""Man! I love this ♥♥♥♥ing game!"" I do recommend this game for its content and the story and the game itself looks beautiful! Definately play this game on ultra if you can, because it looks outstanding! The opening cutscene already had me pumped for this game, and I was interested in the story the whole time! My one and only complaint is: It just didn't last as long as I wanted it to. I have less than 30 hours in the game and I already have done EVERYTHING possible in the game. Found and saw all easter-eggs and refrences, completed all achievements, completed game story 100%, best possible rune for weapons, and character upgraded all the way, the whole Uruk army branded for both areas, literally everything possible. If you don't mind spending $50 for what was 30 hours of playtime for me, then get it because it really is a awesome game! Or you can wait for it to go on sale or get it cheap on♥♥♥♥♥com if you find it for a low price. I totally recommend it and I give it a 9/10 on my rating scale. It would be 10/10 if there was a lot more content and story/missions to do. All in all, a very well done game! :)"
,Recommended,241930,25628325,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Ahhchoo,Assasins Creed with orcs basically but better. The graphics and physics are spectacular. The combat is epic and the story is even better. Hands down one of my favorite single players. Much time enjoyed.
76561197972096205,Recommended,241930,12912449,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Gen.Skuzzy,Great gameplay. Combat mechanic is fun and challenging during the levelling and story. Unfortunately it is all over too quick  and the challenge modes just aren't keeping me interested while I wait for DLC to release.
76561198043826786,Recommended,241930,12448413,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Vanguardian,The most immersive NPC system ever.
,Recommended,241930,33413464,Posted: 9 July,all,Pun1sh3r,MASTERPEICE INDEED.For all the LOTR lovers. Combat similar to batman games.STOry is good.AI seems a bit atupid. Gr8 Graphcs considering it is a 2014 GAME.Someway similar to AC. (9/10)
76561198071180073,Recommended,241930,33293682,Posted: 5 July,all,Metrolovic,"$4 is an ABSOLUTE STEAL for this game. Completely more than worth the price. All the DLC included just seals the deal, terrific game. If you don't have this game that is a damn sin and you need to go to confession."
76561198055296820,Recommended,241930,26187858,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Drakk,Story.. 2/10Gameplay.. 10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome gameplay guys.. Luv killing orcs :3PS: 100% story + dlcs = 25hours+ (worth :3)
,Recommended,241930,27183744,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MafiaGoat,Decent
76561197975970485,Recommended,241930,14790516,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Lord Victor,"Generally I find ""open-world"" game design to be a crutch-- an excuse for not designing any good levels or writing any decent content. With Shadow of Mordor, the game's core concept wouldn't work in any kind of linear construct. It's the only game I've seen that actually makes positive use of the open-world concept.The fighting system is basically the same as any of the Batman: Arkham games. It gets it right, though; stringing together the combos and prioritizing targets is fun and addictive. The combat is entertaining and works just fine with a mouse and keyboard.There is a traditional main line of quests, but for the most part these serve as tutorials for doing the real work of the game, which is trying to gain control of the army of Orcs by interfering in their political struggles in ways that benefit your plans. And they really are your plans, not ones the game has fed to you; you have to get control of a captain and set him up for success by helping him cheat at duels, gain prestige by throwing good parties, and so on.Another amazing feature of this game that I haven't seen nearly enough about in the gaming press is the facial expression engine. Orcs look angry, confused, and utterly terrified in the most convincing ways. It's a small thing that has an emotional impact that isn't immediately obvious and simple. Bravo for this.As for problems, I only really noticed two. First of all the environments are boring. It's all just the same decaying stone buildings, mud, and scraggly plants. I realize it's supposed to be Mordor, but I still feel they could have worked harder at this, maybe by varying the architecture, putting more wildlife that isn't caragors and graugs, adding a swamp, or whatever. There's no real excuse for how identical everything looks.Secondly, I get stuck a lot on weird little jutting pieces of the wall or tiny rocks I should be able to easily step over. The fact that I can climb a 100-foot tower by walking next to it and pressing spacebar, but get stuck on tiny rocks the size of a baseball is maddening. It is an intermittent problem, but it crops up just enough to be irritating.In the end, it's a really fun game about a guy with cool super powers killing a lot of Orcs in fun ways. It has unique gameplay mechanics, a solid enough story, visceral violence, and no god damn crafting system. Buy it and play it. It's worth it."
,Recommended,241930,31111219,Posted: 12 April,all,bennykelloggs,gr8 game
,Recommended,241930,30435702,Posted: 10 March,all,SotiCoto,"It is a very fun stealthy / actiony sort of game. O'course it helps to not suck at it. Given how often I had to avenge other people who kept dying over and over and over again, you'd figure they'd have just quit playing.  Anyway... missing the point.  It was very entertaining.There was a plot underlying the game, but I wasn't really focused on that. The main focus was on this huge army of orcs... and how I spent most of my time interrogating some of them with my glowy hand to find other, bigger, badder ones, and working out the most appropriate way of killing them.   So in the end it was a whole lot of assassination... WHICH WAS FUN.Then I tried playing the DLC campaigns and realised I had lost all my progress and had to start over from scratch, and promptly stopped playing them.   I mean when you've spent forever making this dude the most powerful thing around, you don't want to have to start over again."
,Recommended,241930,33077589,Posted: 1 July,all,Red Thunder,This game is the best yet cant wait for Shadow of WarI suggest we have a multiplayer option where we can battle out our best warcheif and the player just sit back and watch so we have motivation to lvl up the bodyguard and the warchive it would be funNemesis system is wonderful just hope they give us 1 or more warchive that is litterally cant be killed unless by betrayal so we cant confront him directly
76561198134247106,Recommended,241930,33039691,Posted: 30 June,all,Dat Winston,This game is not only good for fans of the lotr series! Really enjoyed it. Definetly worth its money...
,Recommended,241930,32898347,Posted: 27 June,all,Arch4ngeL,"The nemesis system is really good. Haven't seen anything like this is any other game. It sometimes makes things personal, for example when a captain killed me right before i killed the warchief it made me really mad so i killed every bodyguard the warchief had (even if i could get intel from them i didnt cuz f**k'em) and killed the warchief after (brualized him to) 10/10 will get angry at uruks again"
76561198073855677,Recommended,241930,13754434,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,McGangbang,"There was a time when i dreaded waking up. I dreaded every waking minute of my life, but then i heard whispers of this game. ""Nemesis system,"" they said,  ""swords, knives, and bows,"" they said, ""sexual satisfaction for the rest of your life."" I knew that this would be the one game to rule them all. and I had to have it in my possesion. I would go across middle earth to get this game and throw it into the fires of Mt. Doom because ♥♥♥♥ this game it sucks.  ""6/9"" IGN"
76561198046237858,Recommended,241930,32477145,Posted: 16 June,all,Varegi,Don't get stuck grinding... you'll get burnt before you get to the good part. I know I did.
,Recommended,241930,32830730,Posted: 26 June,all,AveNgeЯ.,"i have never ever expected i would like this kind of games , i dont like it , i love it .its the first game of this kind and its really really nice i feel i wont leave it till i finish it"
,Recommended,241930,33638126,Posted: 18 July,all,funferno,"Where do i begin.....Well, first off, this game is amazing!The most innovative game i've played in a VERY long time!Great Buy, please buy this, PLEASE!100% WILL BE BUYING SHADOW OF WAR!!!"
76561198009907259,Recommended,241930,33724493,Posted: 22 July,all,and now im Binho Branco,"worth playing, gameplay becomes a bit repetitive, but its still a good game"
,Recommended,241930,33428379,Posted: 10 July,all,S4R1N,"Really enjoyable, but unfortunately quite short."
76561198108299718,Recommended,241930,33624152,Posted: 18 July,all,Walle[t],"Really fun game, after you beat the main story there is a lot to play around with (mainly the nemesis system) for another 5-10 hours.The only real problem I had with this game is that at times it felt a bit repetitive, but shortly after, it introduces new and exciting skills/ gameplay mechanics that really help prolong the games life."
76561198344760746,Recommended,241930,33727230,Posted: 22 July,all,tit csgogem.com csgobounty.com,greart game and would definetly spend all night playing
,Recommended,241930,33726040,Posted: 22 July,all,Z I D A N E,Gotta kill 'em all! (Uruk killing simulator)
76561198057142927,Recommended,241930,32545516,Posted: 18 June,all,ElectroVeeDub,The combat is more addictive than Cocaine and sex...11/10
76561198068232407,Recommended,241930,13801614,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,GetForkStabbed,"Killed the same captain 5 times, keeps coming back. Now to high of a level to kill. 10/10 would get rekted again"
76561198127682710,Recommended,241930,23863676,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mashiro,It's nice to see orcs got dominated and commanded to kill each other
,Recommended,241930,32658581,Posted: 22 June,all,SkankHunt36,"I rarely play a game all the way through, but this one was very addicting. Almost got divorced...."
,Recommended,241930,33845874,Posted: 27 July,all,FadedMind,"A very enjoyable Arkham-esque type of game (mostly combat), however that tried and true formula is amped up a notch with some interesting game design. This is also improved by the “fun factor” only ramping up as the powers you acquire become more and more versatile. I would recommend this game at full price, but to save you some money, i would recommend waiting a bit, this game very often goes on sale for less than $5. HOWEVER, I was disappointed by the “Ending”, but the game was interesting enough that I don't feel too broken up about it.The DLC was pretty great aswell"
,Recommended,241930,29571573,Posted: 29 January,all,Saenz Of East,Its really unfortunate that almost %90 of the gaming world doesnt know this game.Never watched Lord of the Rings yet this game was really fun and great to play.9/10
,Recommended,241930,33334618,Posted: 6 July,all,Doctor_Schultz,10/10 Cutscenes look worse than the actual game.
,Recommended,241930,32830439,Posted: 26 June,all,Keelback00,"At $4, at the time of purchase, this is by far the best bargain I've ever gotten from Steam. The amount of quality, and content that you get with this game is absolutely amazing for the right price. Even if it was only discounted 5% I would have still been happy with the purchase. As a full priced game, it definitely has it's downfalls. It's more of a proof of concept for the upcoming sequel than anything else. If you go into it with that in mind you will have a great time, guranteed."
,Recommended,241930,28854510,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,QuickBird42,Only game I know of where respawns make sense.
,Recommended,241930,34225473,Posted: 13 August,all,Weeb,"Got the game for $4, for that price totally worth it. Tons of story and side missions to play through. This was the game of the year version so I got to play the dlcs as well. Bright lord dlc was amazing, being able to use the one ring. Rate 8/10"
,Recommended,241930,33836693,Posted: 27 July,all,BOT Salva-vidas Retrowave,"Undoubtedly one of the best games I've ever played.Every detail, from the graphics to the plot, makes this a perfectly fluid game. Moreover, its astonishing optimization, allowing the player a full fun gameplay without FPS drops and nearly 0 glitches, is definitely Shadow of Mordor's second greatest feature. The first, I'd say, are the personal traits of its characters. The sinergy between Talion and Celebrimbor is very interesting as they evolve and grow powerful together.Another stunning feature: the Uruk-hai and the Nemesis system in this game are ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME. Every Uruk has its own ""message"" as they won't shut up about how great and skilled they are, even in face of death. Some of them just breath heavily and scream, it's hilarious.Looking forward to Shadow of War. FOLLOW THE BRIGHT MASTER.I r8 it 10/10.PS: Celebrimbor is overwhelmingly BADASS, his powers, voice and branding quotes are 11/10."
76561198014242229,Recommended,241930,34188969,Posted: 12 August,all,Dreadman,"Very very good game, cant wait for Shadow of War....."
76561198020555289,Recommended,241930,33267475,Posted: 5 July,all,Lady Jaina Proudmoore,"Very good RPG which I strongly recommend if one's looking for good single-player game or is fan of LotR. Game mechanics are similar to Batman games (Arkham), not really similar to AC as some people say. Nemezis system is great.+NEMEZIS system (great feature, I wonder why it's not more popular)+good RPG character progress system+great lore (LotR!)+good plot+nice fighting system, combo/finisher-based+good graphic+good optimalization+cheap+game continue to give player new mechanics all the time, which does not allow player to be bored+DLCs are included in basic game now, making game interesting for longer (at least during sale)I've found no bad things worth mentioning in this game."
,Recommended,241930,33096268,Posted: 1 July,all,Puzzle.Disaster,BEST GAME FOR LOTR FAN
,Recommended,241930,34000704,Posted: 3 August,all,Starkiller,Fun Assassin's Creed.
,Recommended,241930,33712824,Posted: 21 July,all,@ITCYouTube #Birthdayin3weeks,"This game just blew my mind when i bought it on the Steam Summer Sale. The Combat is amazing with great upgrades and abilities and combos, as well as the main and side missions, pretty good game, and would definitely recommend it for the money!"
,Recommended,241930,33428434,Posted: 10 July,all,stormhunter497,this game is great from the unique nemesis system to the music and with every playthrough being unique and the enemies being able to remeber details like you running away from them or even killing them makes the game amazing.
,Recommended,241930,33103389,Posted: 1 July,all,DEUS VULT,"Best game about the LOTR.If you're a fan of this you need to get it + the expansions, they are worth it.I passed like 200 hours on console on this game, and now i will 100% it again on pc.I can't wait till Shadow of War comes out!!!10/10"
76561198129748170,Recommended,241930,33201105,Posted: 3 July,all,Never_Don't_Give_Up,"Awesome combat system, fascinating universe, and a good story.Best buy at the 2017 Summer Sale. Looking forward to the Shadow of War."
,Recommended,241930,33357375,Posted: 7 July,all,< V >,"If you love the Lord Of the Rings, you'll like the game.It's a hard game but the controls are extremely easy to get used to it (keyboard & mouse controls)Story makes sense.I got this on a sale for $3.99 (£3.20)AMD Users won't have a problem booting up the game (I'm telling you that because Nvidia was mentioned).I ate Taco Bell today. Crunchwrap Supreme if you wonder, it was quite nice. I should order another one. The guy didn't listen to my order, I said ""Two soft tacos with mexican chicken & crunchwrap supreme, make that a meal"". Taco Bell employees are kind of awkward to talk with... they act shy, I'm guessing all of them a pot heads. And I paid $5.99 (£5.39) for the crunchwrap and the meal, less than this game but I think the game was better in aesthetic than the crunchwrap."
76561198316998887,Recommended,241930,33357378,Posted: 7 July,all,SkullKid64,"I know I'm a little late jumping onto the shadow of mordor bandwagon, with it's sequel releasing in October, but I saw this for 4 bucks during the Summer Sale so I couldn't resist. I was pleasantly surprised. You play as a Ranger whose family was killed by orcs. You are banished from death and must team up with a wraith to find revenge and claim Mordor as your own. The combat is very akin to Assassins Creed but improves on the basic system. There is a skill tree that grants you new abilities along the way. Maybe I wouldn't pay 30 bucks for it, but I would highly recommend it.PS. Whenever I draw my bow, I feel like I'm playing Breath of the Wild."
,Recommended,241930,29566054,Posted: 29 January,all,tommy_the_tank_13,"I bought Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor to get rid of my post Witcher 3 depression. I was pleasantly surprised to find myself with a hugely underrated game. The story is a little bland admittedly, and the world is quite small and plain. However Shadow Of Mordor offers the best combat experience I've ever had in a video game, with responsive and intuitive controls, fun mechanics and the most satisfying cinematic takedowns I've ever seen. The developers clearly poured a lot of time into creating the nemesis system in this game, with Urukai captains and warchiefs you can target and take down. It's very fun to see captains fight, feast and gain more experience, and even more fun to take them down.Admittedly I haven't played through enough of the story yet however it seems pretty mediocre. I also haven't started either of the two DLC yet so I can't comment there. Additionally the visuals in this game are quite striking, with the protagonist, Talion, looking particularly spectacular.So far I'm loving this game and would give it a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,241930,34039924,Posted: 5 August,all,BalliStiX,"Oh How I love The Nemesis System.Step 1 - Find Captain OrcStep 2 - Trigger Alarm Calling Endless Supply of ""Regular Orcs""Step 3 - Get Rekt by ""Regular Orc""CONGRATULATIONS THIS ORC HAS BEEN PROMOTED!Repeat till all Orcs in Mordor are Captains.Great game and I look forward to the Sequal."
,Recommended,241930,14538923,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,TheOneTrueQStudios,Its Fun
,Recommended,241930,14616297,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,EroticPotato,A solid all around game with amazing graphics and story. Side quests can get a little repetitive at times.
76561198011310716,Recommended,241930,14610736,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Carter233,"Wow, what a game. You will almost never meet the same Uruk Captain or Warchief twice. If you love enemy variety within the same race you will definitely like this game. Altogether Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor has quite a lot of attention to detail.9,1/10"
76561198064304997,Recommended,241930,14643268,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Clownthulhu,"Love this game. The combat is fluid and fun, the story isn't too short, the replayability is nice, and you get to kill ALL of the orcs you could ever want to. The LotR lore is really cool in this game and my fears of the developers screwing up a good story did not become reality. I had a blast with this game, and they keep coming out with more cheap DLC that is a ton of fun. I had one person say they didn't want to buy the game because all you do is kill orcs. My response to that: Yeah, that is all you do in a sense, but the variety in which you can kill a rediculous amount of orcs makes this game the best LotR game I have ever played."
,Recommended,241930,14654930,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SilentSpy,This is the only game I don't even slightly regret buying premium edition.
,Recommended,241930,14598079,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,k-R4d!,"Goddammit Mordor, why did you kill my save file? Why can't I save manually toDIFFERENT SAVE SLOTS?arghGameplay:That said, this game is quite good. Fighting feels similar to the Batman games, and the nemesis system really adds to it. Character is quite mobile, and an interesting balance is struck between stealth, ranged and melee attack. You are not a tank, though fighting well means you can avoid a lot of damage. Challenges and opportunities are generally good.Visuals:The graphics are pretty good, though some areas have had a lot more attention paid to them than others. Character models and skins are great, particularly the numerous orc types. Art design is generally good.Audio:Fine, not particularly memorable. Again, the orcs stand out with their conversations, taunts and other voice acting.Overall:Provided the loss of save games is fixed, or you work around it somehow, I recommend this game. As it stands today, I'd give it a recommendation with that important caveat."
76561198035856782,Recommended,241930,14600397,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,NewFool,"The dark lord is coming back! Kill his powerfull army of ugly, smelly, british speaking orcs! Oh and pick flowers!!!!"
,Recommended,241930,14613353,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Rassbrett,11/10 - Nigel Tufnel
76561198139937812,Recommended,241930,14283365,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Emre Emuler,Perfect
76561198095087988,Recommended,241930,14631860,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Paper Bag,I need a refund.
,Recommended,241930,33312443,Posted: 6 July,all,Medic,"As a player of the Arkham trilogy, the combat is weird. A freaking man with a SWORD fighting like Batman, a billionaire playboy expert in HAND TO HAND COMBAT ultimately made this game unplayable for me, but if you can get past this, Middle Earth Shadow of Mordor is a steal for $4.00 in comparison to the wealth of content it offers!"
,Recommended,241930,23968405,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,yS,"I had huge expectations from this game considering most reviews rated the game like it's a masterpiece giving it top ratings.However the game feels like an average action game with a lot of wasted potential.Let me explain myself:Combatis pretty much the same as it is in Batman series - you build combo streaks, you use special attacks, you crit on well timed attacks. The combat feels fluid, mostly fun and even challenging. Things can get sometimes ridiculous - captains / warchiefs get resistance to pretty much everything and you can only kill them in a single way. For me it's8/10Storyfelt mediocre - it's clear it wasn't the focus of the game. People leave as quickly as they are introduced. Some main points aren't even explained. For example -why was Talion the one chosen by the 'wraith'? Why was his family chosen by the black hand?Not to mention boss fights were ridiculously easy. At the end of a second boss fight all I thought was onlyTHAT'S IT?I had bigger problems with Uruk warchiefs and even with some Uruk captains than that pathetic boss fight. Expected much stronger story from LotR game, so for me it's only5/10Side missions / collectiblesare a good way to earn currency to unlock rune slots on your weapons or to increase general stats of your character. You will most likely do them only at the beginning as they quickly become repetitive. Killing 5 marked uruks while not raising alarm / not being detected can only be interesting and fun for first few tries. As for collectibles - artifacts add some lore and oremotionsto certain state of the place or time. I honestly didn't find them interesting enough to collect them all. Rune spots however felt a bit more interesting though I hadn't finish them too. To me it's about5/10Some thoughts:Variety of enemies is absolutely awful. About 99% of the time you fight uruks, and the rest of the time you fight wildlife (caragors / graugs / ghuls). You'd think you'd get to fight cave trolls, 'evil' humans, goblins (aka orcs - uruks are stronger orcs), wargs or other fantasy creatures from LotR universe yet all you do is fight Uruks equipped with different weapons - swords, crossbows, spears, shields,...The game isn't as long as many other reviews say, however if you are willing to continue with dlc, it can make up for it. The base game is about 10 hours of playing unless you drag it around by slaughtering uruks for fun / run around instead of using fast travel / do many unnecessary side missions or collect all the runes and artifacts.ConclusionWhile I complain about a lot of things in the game, I still enjoyed it and that's what matters the most.If you are looking for a good action and don't care much about story, this game is definitely worth a look. Total score:7/10"
76561198206216384,Recommended,241930,34725306,Posted: 3 September,all,WarHeRo,".......................,,-~*~,,......................./:.:.:.:.:.|......................|;.;.;.;.;./......................|.;.;.;.;.|............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.|.........,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,......,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|...../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""....\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\.....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\.......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..........""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-""::::::::::\...................\::::::::::::::::::::::"
,Recommended,241930,14664876,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Monchberter,"Enjoyable, very satisfying third person combat in a setting with lore that's well handled, with abilities that make sense in context.The closest comparison i can give for this game is that it is a Tolkein version of the latter Far Cry games, even moreso than it resembles the Arkham series games from which it takes most of its combat dynamics.The nemesis system is very fun and as much as i hated dieing multiple times at the hands of my own personalised nemesis, it really drew me in.That said, beyond the open world fun and nemesis system, if you're aiming for 100% completeness as I did, this really is a game that runs out of tricks towards the end (an end no less where if you end up completely skilled up, you can do away with the challenge. As for the DLC, the Lord of the Hunt has been a bit of a let down. I hope the Bright Lord content makes up for that."
,Recommended,241930,20071009,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Stalker Hyena,Batman: Arkham Middle-earthBatman finally stops pretending he leaves people alive in this one.
76561198016524840,Recommended,241930,12370820,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Novokaine,"Fantastic gameplay, pretty solid combat system and super fun stealth options. Basically it's an Assassin's Creed - type game, but with 200 times more brutal combat, a story based off actual Tolkien lore that has awesome snippets on past and future events. if you are a lore buff this game has it all...The political / power struggle element makes the game super different, giving you freedom to play as you alike, either solo or with semi useless allies that are there more for cannon fodder and distraction than anything else.I would give the game 9/10, it's really worth the 50 bucks, I just hope they release interesting DLCs in the future because its such a great release, would hate to shelve it after 50 odd hours of play for the main story."
,Recommended,241930,12354085,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Chepburn,"If you are even slightly into Lord Of The Rings, then this is the game for you. After completing the main campaign (which is brilliant in itself, a really damn good story), I can safely say that I will continue to put my time into the side missions and other activities in Mordor.Extremely fun gameplay.Stealth elements.'Batman-Like' combat, which is a very good thing....and lots and lots of gore.The only slight issue with the game is the amount of QTE's, but that isn't a massive issue when the actual combat is as fluid and fun as it is.One of the best releases in a long time.9.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,33040802,Posted: 30 June,all,a5s,Definitely worth 4 bucks. Very high quality game firing from all cylinders.
76561198076801025,Recommended,241930,20628102,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,MythicalMelon,"So, first of all I would like to point out that this is a great game - which gives you an almost perfect RPG experience. Next, I would like to compliment their style of making the combat system, because it gives you a feeling, as if you are the character - also making you able to use brand new skills and techniques not seen before. The skill tree system is also okay, but not exactly after my taste (but everything can't be perfect). The graphics are utterly amazing, the effects are almost done perfectly - depends on your system setup and stuff - and only with a few bugs (VERY few). Gives you a really immersive experince.This game - as mentioned before with the combat system - also let's you use different cambat styles, techniques etc. for example the ""Hard on"" non stealth way, the stealthy assassin approach, the ranged approach, the smart approach - triggering traps to your advantage.Overall a mostly perfect game, they did an amazingly good job with this game - HUGE thumbs up from me in Denmark!!"
,Recommended,241930,13812055,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Roki B,SUPER GOOD ORC MURDER SIMULATOR
,Recommended,241930,12377192,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Skywarp,"Can't stop playing. The best Middle-Earth \ Lord of the Rings themed game out there so far.Nemesis system adds very unique aspect into gameplay. Uruk captains and warchiefs are generated every time you kill them or when they are fighting each other to advance in ranks and take over place of their leaders. Each has his own personality, weakneses, strengths. It adds tons of replayability. Not to mention you can dominate uruk minds and send them to fight each other, thus you can build an army of your own uruks. I branded an uruk captain and made him a bodyguard of a warchief by sending mine to kill his bodyguard in duel, then I sent him to betray warchief. And there is more to Nemesis system, it is but a glimpse of this deeply elaborated system.The combat system is very decent.The story is very fitting and lore-wise, even if it is short, the quality of main missions is very high. There is much to do without story, even after completing it, you can continue to take out uruk captains/warchiefs and explore collecting artifcats, runes.The world map is big enough to explore hours and hours. I believe Monolith will add new regions of Mordor beside Udûn and Sea of Núrnen once a DLC comes out (hoping to visit Plateau of Gorgoroth and Morgul Vale someday).And there is this feel and immersion. The feel you are in Mordor and Middle-Earth."
,Recommended,241930,14354870,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Spicy Fly,My brutal and honest review of Shadow of Mordor:It's good.
,Recommended,241930,17304680,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Partenope,"Great game, with beautiful Graphic. The story missions are also interensting, if you want complete all the side quests it becomes repetitive."
76561198375502847,Recommended,241930,33337708,Posted: 7 July,all,jeremygee33,"You should 100% buy this game while it's only $4. The dialogue is well-written, the combat is fun, and the story is engaging.  I played using an Xbox One controller and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.I imagine the tactic behind the low price is to convince people to buy the sequel coming out in October. I wasn't considering it before, but now I am. I can't recommend the game enough for only $4. I'm not saying it's perfect, but it is definitely worth the price tag.I hope this helps someone make a decision.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,241930,33365927,Posted: 8 July,all,Walht,£3.20!?!?!?!?!? GET IT QUICKLYI GOT IT FOR £40 AND I STILL FELT THAT IT WAS WORTH IT
,Recommended,241930,23950417,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Skógarbjörn,"It's basically Assassin's Creed, but in Mordor. ME: SoM is a game all about killing orcs, killing orcs and killing orcs. In the game, there is a power hierarchy of orcish captains and warchiefs, which you will infiltrate and dismantle. You can gather intel on captains and warchiefs before fighting them to find out about their strengths and weaknesses on beforehand, or you could simply charge in and hope for the best. The game has an Arkham-style stealth and combat system, and for the most part you can choose how you wish to play it, whether that be patient backstabbing, violent throat-slitting or archerous shenanigans.The game features two open-world maps, each one with its own standing army, as well as towers and collectibles. You'll be climbing the towers to unlock parts of the map, which to me feels very tired now that it's a feature in every damn game. However, it only takes a couple minutes to grab all of them, and the animation for activating each one is very satisfying to watch. As for the combat, you start off with a sword, dagger and bow, but throughout the game you'll be unlocking various wraith-powers (ie. superpowers) to help you out, as well as direct upgrades to health and ammo, and runes.The rune system is very intriguing - whenever you kill an important orc, he drops a rune of varying power and type, depending on who he is and how you kill him. These runes then give you some sort of boon, and you can use them to change how the game plays. In practice, however, most runes are either so situational they'll have little use, or so face-meltingly powerful that equipping them over the others is a no-brainer. Also, the GOTY edition of the game comes with all the DLC rune packs, meaning you'll be starting the game with some of the most powerful runes already in your inventory - I recommend getting rid of them, as they'll make the game ridiculously easy. On that note, you'll also want to turn off counter prompts entirely, which makes the game more challenging and immersive.The difficulty curve in Shadow of Mordor is horrendous. The game starts off feeling harsh and unforgiving, but ultimately fair. However, just as I got used to planning ahead before engaging orcs, using the enviroment to my advantage, and popping in and out of stealth, I had garnered enough exp to unlock some of the stronger superpowers. At about the same time, I got to the second half of the game, in which you gain the ability to ""brand"" orcs, making them friendly to you and hostile to other non-branded orcs. Both of these things made the game pitifully easy from this point on, and I no longer had to plan ahead, nor did I have to worry about dying.The boss battles are pretty weaksauce. There are three of them in total, the first one consisting of spamming finisher moves, the second of repeatedly sneaking up on the same guy and stabbing him (on a timer), and the third is a quick-time event. The second battle might actually have been enjoyable if the boss presented some threat in combat - however, the AI in SoM has the awareness of a severly handicapped frog. The second boss, as with most orcs, has a ridiculously short and thin cone of vision, and takes about a second or two to react even if you run straight in front of it.For all its faults, however, Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor is an excellent game, thanks to a strong (if lore-unfriendly) story, solid voice acting, and an interesting cast of characters. Sadly, these characters don't really grow or change very much during the game, but that's okay, because they aren't the main focus - that job belongs to the orcs. The orcs have randomly generated names, and titles relating to their traits. The game has an excellent sense of humor, and I found myself chuckling at some of the orc captains' descriptions and voice lines. ""Skog the Scholar - currently beating a dead horse"".After finishing the main storyline, the game felt short, and both of the maps small - however, it had taken me 15 hours to finish, and it took me all of those hours to become familiar enough with the maps to remember where most things are. The scale of the game was a lot smaller than I thought it'd be, but it was enough to do the job. I was definetly left wanting more, and now that Shadow of Mordor 2 is around the corner, I am decidedly looking forwards to continuing the story.So, to sum up my points:+Excellent combat+Strong story, even though it's lore-unfriendly+Solid voice work+Interesting, if somewhat static, characters+Funny moments that don't break the otherwise dark and dreary tone+Amazing soundtrack+/-Great graphics, but with some ugly textures here and there-Horrible difficulty curve-(Comparatively) small mapsI think most full-price games are a tad too expensive for what you're getting, so I'd recommend waiting for a sale. If it's on -50% or more, then go for it!"
76561198208991497,Recommended,241930,35281424,Posted: 28 September,all,Groovy_McMan,"A must buy. I got it on 75% sale, but would have been happy to pay the full $20 for the game it's that good. One downside, however, is that the combat system is very simple and can get repeditive. Also the side-quests don't offer much variety and can get pretty tedious. That said, I am going for the 100% score it's that fun."
,Recommended,241930,33339236,Posted: 7 July,all,ArchiiLV,"Epic game! Nice combat system,nice power upgrades, good quality. 80 fps on High with my old I3 cpu.Only bad thing was last boss... 3 Clicks to win :|"
76561198149988082,Recommended,241930,33289816,Posted: 5 July,all,Tombomb2016,so much content for a cheap price on sale and a very fun game with challanges and hunting down leaders
76561198013529169,Not Recommended,241930,15638071,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Rodario,"This game feels like one huge quicktime event, or a slightly interactive movie.The combat consists of mashing one button and watching the fight resolve itself in nicely done choreography.If you want to expedite things a bit, or add some moves to the choreography, you may spice up your button mashing with additional keys, as suggested by screen prompts (parry, dodge, etc.). It doesn't actually feel necessary though.The camera is annoying, the controls feel spongy and weird (no strafing, sneak is faster than walk) and the cutscenes are extremely frequent and feel interruptive. Also, this thing calls itself an RPG, but there is no loot, no alternate weapons/armor, no inventory, no character customization whatsoever.I regret this purchase, sale or no."
,Recommended,241930,21072292,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Ugles,Best Assassin's Creed game since Black Flag.
76561198094775445,Recommended,241930,34410478,Posted: 22 August,all,Envy,"Best open world third person gameNice highly graphic,  fun,  addict, cheap(9.5/10) for this game"
,Recommended,241930,35485954,Posted: 4 October,all,LIKEUCARE,"TL;DR: And yet another game set in LotR! To be blunt, this is a worthy acquisition!Why oh why did I waited this long to play it? I do recall it releasing around the same time frame as Alien: Isolation and that marvelous gem suckered all my game time for weeks long... yes, I'm a sucker for the Alien universe!OK, Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor!The game follows the ranger Talion, posted at Black Gate and tasked to protect the region. Things goes south and... nasty stuff occurs. He then get's joined/cursed by a Wraith entity named Celebrimbor, aka The Bright Master and also as the Ring-Maker. Then the fun begins!Game offers you ranger and wraith abilities and using both of them makes the gameplay even more fun. Truth to the matter... on the first 10 or so hours, the game is quite tedious and borderline very annoying. You are tasked to kill Orcs Warchiefs but the thing is, each warchief have Orc Captain and those have many orc followers. So you see, you get tons of orcs to battle through with your low-level, low abilities ranger. I almost quit the game then since it really was becoming a big irritant. But then I focused on other missions, leveled-up, gained abilities... and well, once you do gain the BRAND power, the game get's so much more easier and fun. Same goes with the CARAGOR/GRAUG mounting.Biggest tip I can give you, be patient and get past the 10h mark. Once you do gain the good powers, I'm telling you the game is very enjoyable!""NEMESIS SYSTEM"":ME: SoM has that famous game mechanic where you go on a hunt for the perfect warchief and also, where you can ""craft/forge"" your perfect Orc follower. It is an interesting system to say the least but the warchief hunt do become tiresome.SHADOW OF MORDOR:The vanilla game itself is about 30 or so hours long. And I took my time to acquire (almost all) collectibles for the weapons, skills and abilities. I skipped the challenge (herb gathering) since that was just tedious to do. Aside from the main game, the season pass offers you plenty of skin additions, TWO main campaign mode extensions and well, rest is character skins and some bonus runes to use on weapons (good runes I'd say).LORD OF THE HUNT DLC:You play as Talion's pal, Torvin... a dwarf hunter. You get to hunt special beasts (new kind of caragor and graug) then you go on to kill warchiefs to eventually be the one true master of Mordor. Thing is, once you do beat the vanilla game, this DLC doesn't bring much new addition besides repeating the warchief hunt once again. I played it a bit but decided to skip this for now. Maybe I'll check it again later... or not!THE BRIGHT LORD DLC:Now this content is actually pretty interesting. I am currently playing it and so far, I like it. You play as the past Celebrimbor (therefore, this DLC occurs way before the vanilla game event), before he got transformed as a Wraith. I can't comment much as I am not finished but so far, you gotta take control of the Bright Towers then take control of the warchiefs (yes, that again!). Afterwards, I'd guess you would go vs Sauron to be changed into a Wraith? I'll update this once I am done!GOTY Edition UPGRADE:Hmm, can't really comment since I had purchased a ""Gold Edition"" on launch time. It contains weapons runes and character skins mostly. At this point, you may want to just buy the GOTY version of ME: SoM while at it!FINAL THOUGHTS:I do recommend this game wholeheartedly for any open-world game style fan. This game doesn't have too much collectibles, the story, voice acting, visuals, soundtrack; all excellent. Gameplay speaking, SoM gets much better when you breach the 10h game time mark (when you gain the great abilities). You will find the warchiefs hunt to be an irritant once you do this many times (and especially that the DLC is the same thing). However I know if I could get past that, you surely can! If you are an LotR fan, you will love this game for the story alone. Big bonus if you really enjoy this kind of gameplay too!And now... to get the sequel at launch or not... that is the question!"
,Recommended,241930,13059758,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,/hecesHernandez,"decapitated a warchief and played soccer with his head for a while. better than fifa and pes, totally recommend this game"
,Recommended,241930,12317331,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Eclo,"Shadow of Mordor is an open world action game with some elements of RPG.To start things I'l talk about the pros of the game, beware of a few spoilers (I'l try to put as less as I can).1st good point, immersion :So when you open the game, everything is very immersive, even the logos of developpers and such are in theme with the game, and when you begin the story, the background of the main character is well revealed in a tutorial that takes place in a fallen wall at the frontier of Mordor, you learn the basics of combat, stealth, and movement wich are very basic.2nd good point, grafic quality :The game isn't incredibly good looking, but it is pleasing nontheless to see very well made ugly orc faces when you see them up close, and the environment is very well done, making the movement through it very fluid most of the time.3rd good point, gameplay :Maybe the reason you should get this game is the gameplay, its really well done, fun, dynamic, incredibly satisfying in the same way of God of War, but with a lot more of manipulation over your enemies and your own actions, you can choose to ""wraith stun"" and then flurry ennemies with your sword to finish them of with a brutal finisher, knock them out with enough hits and then slice their throat open with your dagger, or make them explode in flames with your bow to then teleport on the survivors and cut their heads off.You can also use stealth to thin your ennemies ranks, climbing up walls to attack from above, and basically do anything like in assassins creed, but in a more satisfying way, and with the option to brand your ennemies and get intel from them so you can plan your next assassination.The movement too is very satisfying in a way, mostly because of stealth mechanics very well implemanted in the game but also because you will soon be looking for every little rock so you can jump over it to get a speed boost.4th good point, the RPG elements :You level up like a classic action RPG, using you skill points to unlock various abilities on a skill tree, varying in wraith abilities or marauder abilities (choosing wich type of abilities you wan't will not change anything in the game), abilities like different finishers with multiple effects on the ennemies, or an increase in the rate of the charging time of your bow.You can also upgrade the number of runes on your weapon (you aquire different runes by killing high ranked orcs) or increasing your max health, focus, and number of arrows you can have at a time.Now that most of the pros are out of the way lets talk about the con of the game.1st and only con, the story (minor spoiler alert) :The story is quite good, you learn about how the rings were forged, who forged them, even a bit about gondor's military, but it doesn't go very far. The main character's motives are clear : vegeance, and the game really makes a good job of telling how he will get his revenge by killing the ""black hand"" of mordor, and everything goes well, he gets help by various people, the first being the wraith that follows him everywhere because of a curse. He quickly finds the first of the three ""black hands"", using a naïve orc as bait, the boss is quite challenging but you don't learn anything about him, he is of no importance except that he killed the hero's family, and then a random girl randomly appears to get him to a  random place where he meets with a random queen... Ok, the queen knows stuff about the wraith (by the way golum helps you get  back the wraiths memories before that but he's not much more than a cameo) and she tells you you can take control of the orcs you find, so you go and find orc leaders and bend them to your will. That queen also tells you to meet a dwarf like its very important but all you do is hunt with him and fight a beast boss so he can get his revenge on it.Then the queen is revealed to have been under Saroumane's control all along and you break the spell on her with the help of her daughter (the random girl) and you go make an army of orcs to bring into mordor and make a little orc genocide.You do all that and the story falls short. You kill a few orc leaders with the help of your own, get to the second black hand, kill him very (VERY) easily, learn that the wraith could have chosen to let you die (OMG PLOT TWIST... not so much), and then you kill more orcs, then confront Sauron, Quick Time Event the♥♥♥♥♥♥outa him aaaaaaaaand the story is over.Thats it, no more LOTR lore for u just enjoy the rest of the game killing orcs and then killing orcs again.It all builds like you're gonna get a badass army battle like in the movies but nope, just a few battles at the end, not even bigger scaled than the normal riots you can create throughout the rest of the game.To wrap it up, the game is very VERY satisfying gameplay wise, but you shouldn't ask for more. The orc hierarchy system is very well done, but the story ♥♥♥♥s it all up.Its still worth playing though, the replayability is definetly very high, there are many sidequests because you can create them youselves, the collectibles are in a good number and each offer little stories, the skill tree is full of usefull stuff you won't get just by finishing the story and you can obtain through side missions enough points to get infinite finishers, arrows and even invisibility all for a limited time as bonus skills.I would recommend the game to people who won't be startled by the lack of lore and story, but are motivated by the fun the game gives (it sure gives a lot of that).Thank you for reading and I hope this review will help you decide yourself as if you want the game or not (it IS made for that after all)."
,Recommended,241930,23509014,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Untold,"Shadow of Mordor is excellent. Fantastically brutal combat means that you can kill Uruk with satisfaction, and the story is reasonably well-written and ties in with the Lord of the Rings. Ride cat-like beasts called Caragors, battle Graugs, and kill Uruk. The famous Nemesis System is groundbreaking and does allow you to create personal rivalries. I was surprised that my personal Nemesis, Bolg Fire-Brander, ended up at the end; I thought I had finally killed him, but he showed up with a small army, and I felt my eyes widen as I saw him again. The name does not lie; when you find yourself killed again and again by the same Uruk, he is a truenemesis,even if he is only pixels, and that is the genius of this game. It does have great Assassin's Creed-like parkour and Batman-like combat, and the two influences provide a solid foundation for this game. There is good voice-acting and a great soundtrack as well. Never before has Tolkien's world come to life in a game as much as it has now. Recommended."
,Recommended,241930,33146688,Posted: 2 July,all,Ez,This is a helpful Review.
,Recommended,241930,32708964,Posted: 23 June,all,Isilmer,"It took me 100 hours to achieve 100%. The graphics from this game is very beautiful, the combat system is quite fun with hordes of enemies. The story is a fanfic in the LOTR, this fact opens a lot of opportunities to be explored by the developers. The strongest quality is the NEMESIS SYSTEM! I would give 8.1/10 in general.PROs:NEMESIS SYSTEM! 9.5/10Combat system 8.5/10Controllers 10/10Art Director 9/10I.A. 7.5/10Voices 10/10Story 7.5/10Graphics 9/10CONs:-Difficulty 6.0/10-The main Story is very short, but you have a lot of things to do if you want to complete 100%. 6/10-The combat system is fun, but it is not challengin. (it is very simple as in Batman franchise) 6.5/10-One of the most awaited battle in the game is a QUICK TIME EVENT (it really Disappointed me)"
,Recommended,241930,22885486,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Pavel R,Very good and interesting
76561198079314787,Recommended,241930,30227514,Posted: 27 February,all,Mr.Banana Grabber,"No joke, one of the best games i have ever played."
,Recommended,241930,22615135,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,150 MMR just a number,"Is Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor still relevant?YES!OptimizationVery well optimized. On a GTX 960M, 16 GB RAM, and an Intel i-7 processor, this game runs at a solid 60 FPS. No screen tearing, no lagging.Graphics and AnimationsFor a game made in 2014, it has exceptional graphics. Cutscenes are absolutely gorgeous, but, still, the gameplay looks great. But the kill animations are even better. Well, if you like brutal and gorey animations at least. Lots of head chopping and neck bleeding.StoryAt first, I thought this would be a combat based game with no story. It actually had some wonderful story. Yes, it only takes about 12 hours to complete, but the character development is so rich. It makes you think about the things which happened.GameplayNot much of a challenge. It's a casual man's game. If you want challenge, get Dark Souls. Still, this game has a great stealth and movement system and a wonderful and gorey combat system. You can also customize Talion's abilities the way you want. In all, deep and great gameplay.ConclusionA must play. It may be a bit expensive (USD$50), but I think it's worth getting. Now, if you want more of something like this, I'd recommend Skyrim (for uber casuals) or Dark Souls (for tryhards).EDIT: April 25, 2016: One more thing. The side missions. I did not feel obliged to do them in any way. I was strong enough to do all of the main missions without doing any of the side missions (You earn XP and basically strength from side missions, but I felt that this wasn't necessary)."
,Recommended,241930,13121809,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[HT] HelpingHans,Great game apart from the boss fights. They were pathetic.
76561198011270009,Recommended,241930,12470217,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,SquirrelHammer,"(tl;dr Skip to the bottom for Pros + Cons)Shadow of Mordor is the open world game we've been waiting for. It uses the Arkham games free flow system with the Assassin's Creed open world. Its a perfect mixture of the two that creates such an amazing game. The combat is very fluid and incrediebly responsive. The open world is large with many side missions and collectibles.The crown jewel of this game is the Nemesis System. To put it in basic term, every Orc you face will remeber who you are. So if you get killed by an Orc, then when you go back for a rematch they'll remeber that they killed you and they'll remeber details of the battle. Its unbelievable how well this system works. Each Orc looks different and has their own strengths and weakensses that you can expliot by capturing other Orcs and compelling them to tell you about their captain.The main story is very good. Troy Baker once again delivers an amazing experience by voicing the main character. Sadly we didn't see much of Nolan North even though he was supposed to be the main baddie. Side missions are fun and challenging. Each has a goal for you to do, like kill 10 Orcs with stealth while not alerting anyone. And each missions has a bonus option that will give you extra XP.Now there are some bad parts of the game. The game is optimzied but it still has its hicups when fighting large amounts of enemies. Also, the cutscenes, even on Ultra, are very low quality. The boss battles are very easy, which is something that shocked me. The Warchief battles or even a nemesis battle can be pretty hard, but the 3 main boss battles were basic and somewhat boring.Pros:1. Amazing open world2. Fluid Combat System3. Great voice acting and story4. The Nemesis SystemCons:1. Low Quality Cutscenes2. Bad Performance in some areas3. Simple boss battlesAll in all, this game is hands down one of the best I've seen this year. I cannot wait for the DLC to come out. I really hope this game gets a sequel, cause this is probably my favorite LOTR game ever. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,12452409,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ThatGuyBenny,"This game is amazing, definetely worth 49.99$, this game is the most addicting, funnest game ever :D MUST BUY"
,Recommended,241930,30549084,Posted: 16 March,all,Black Badger,+ Story+ Gameplay+ Visuals+ Optimized Really Well+ Voice Acting
,Recommended,241930,32872721,Posted: 27 June,all,oExecutionerx,Fun game love the refernces to the Lord of the Rings.
76561197967826530,Recommended,241930,12436051,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Mr. Calzone,this game is beutiful amazing and awesome gore must buy
76561197979261882,Recommended,241930,26471078,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Snuttfisen,"Shadow of Mordor is a good game all in all.However, it also includes the same kind of collect-a-thon which Ubisoft games always include.My recomendation: play the base game, don´t play the dlc´s cuz they all suck.How much do they suck? Well basicly you get a little bit more of story but it´s only some things you´ve alreadyexperiencedin the base game, or some stupid story about a hunt which is just stupid.Also, the dlc´s let´s you do the same kind of thing that you did in the base game.Not worth it."
76561197993524577,Recommended,241930,12310673,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Mad Gman,DROP WHAT YOU ARE PLAYING. PLAY THIS.
76561198039345217,Recommended,241930,12972956,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Joddler,"Detta spel får mig att koka. Grafiken är risig och det känns som att spelet inte är helt färdigt än med en underkokt story. Spelet har ett för snabbt♥♥♥♥♥♥ det är själva resan som är grädden på moset. ""Alla vägar leder till Rom"" -Gudrun Schyman 2013/9/11"
,Recommended,241930,34329382,Posted: 18 August,all,i_throw_rocks_at_retarded_kids,"I got this game on sale for 6$, and it was SO worth it! I have always been a fan of the Lord of the Rings, and seing it tranformed into such a cool game was great. The storyline is awesome, the animations are incredibly well done, and the orcs all have different personnalities and weaknesses which you can exploit. The only negative point that I can think of is this game is that it does get kind of repetitive, as you are kind of doing the same stuff over and over...I was really looking forward to getting the sequel (Shadow of War), but sadly Warner Bros have decided to be greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and stick in microtransactions... Even though it pains me to miss such a good game, I will probably not be buying it."
,Recommended,241930,23947363,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,shwash,"From what I have experienced with it, I've noticed that Shadow of Mordor isn't a game that holds your hand. The game really feels open world and trys its best to immerse you into it. Any game that I can sidetrack from the main quest in the first 30 minutes to the point that I forget what I was supposed to do for the storyline is 10/10 for me.IT'S ASSASSIN'S CREED WITH TOLKIENBUY THIS"
,Recommended,241930,31315854,Posted: 23 April,all,MI LANA󠀡󠀡,i love this game
76561198012629434,Recommended,241930,23899557,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Trundle the Great,its good like batman but better
76561197960463127,Recommended,241930,13124722,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,jimmyg1968,Incredible action game.  If yo enjoyed the Batman series and its game mechanics you will feel right at home with this one.  Be sure to pick it up when it's on sale.  This game will keep you company during those long wintery nights.
,Recommended,241930,29245026,Posted: 14 January,all,Tosser,Orcish genocide simulator.
76561198075672094,Not Recommended,241930,27847933,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Chewbacca,"Pros :Not bad, but don't misunderstood, it's a pur action game, like Assassin Creeds. Don't think you will play a role game like Skyrim, here you will have to fight, fight, and fight. But it's well rendered, very smooth, and well made, so like an action game, it rocks. You got powers trees, swordman, thief and bowman play style, and the ambiance is the dark mordor of lord of the ring, including lore story parts, golum, orcs, elves, and sauron.Cons :Just it's quite repetitive though, when you're dead, you will respawn at towers, and all enemies are back again. Even if you turn around for a while, enemies are back too, as you are in an undead area at start.  The orcs captain system is very strange, it doesn't add anything to the game : when you kill a boss, or an orc slay you, there's like an orcs boss tree map that is updated, but who care of orcs boss tree map ? Sometimes, the missions are really boring (like find some rare herbs in a small area). And it's a mess to play with keyboard, this game is really designed for consoles. For linux users, you will have to deal with a big bug of bodies not rendered : you should add ""__GL_ShaderPortabilityWarnings=0 %command%"" to the launch options if you got nvidia proprietor driver, as explain in a discussion topic.So not a bad game, maybe to much repetitive, but around 20 bucks it worth it, as it's nice game though. I recommand it as an action game in a Lord of the ring univers, but don't recommand it if you wanna play a role game (unfortunatly there's no ""mixte"" recommendation). At full price, I don't recommand it though, as it's way to much repetitive. It's not a game you will replay when finished. So the recommend balance is going to No."
,Recommended,241930,27000671,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,medicineisgone,"more than a lotr world. i m falling love with that seriously. music, atmosphere, story... cause appreciate highly recommendation"
,Recommended,241930,13453484,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ThisIsDex,Game Of The Year 2014
,Recommended,241930,12379037,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Zolky,loko
76561198121584436,Recommended,241930,18499866,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,teg07c,"This game starts out so promising but your character quickly becomes so OP it's laughable. I really enjoyed running around and killing the enemies in part one (didn't realize you can't kill them all before they respawn) but this was my main mistake. By the time I got to part two my character was so OP the game was a joke. The three final boss battles are two push button scenes and a 5 v 5 warcheif battle. I was hoping that when I took over the warcheifs I would be fighting a real war against Sauron, instead it ended with such a letdown. The first 15 or so hours were GREAT and since I bought it on sale made the game totally worth it. Going into a stronghold and slaughtering hundreds of orcs is a great stress reliever. The ending, while giving closure, should've been much harder. 8/10."
,Recommended,241930,13037820,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,PixelDaddy,"If you'd have asked me what I thought of Shadow of Mordor in the first 10 hours I would of told you I loved it - a well refined, fun and atmospheric game. I found myself so involved I wanted to read all the appendices and complete all the side activities. The combat, especially against large groups has a good feel to it and the player progression is rewarding. I also enjoyed the story, at least the first half of it.That's where my problems started, around half way through my 24 hours it began to feel a bit tiresome, the map isn't big (at least not in my opinion) and you find yourself covering the same ground and doing the same things over and over again. At times this is okay because the nemesis system works very well and once you've got a good batch of skills you can have a lot of fun in the combat but overall, as time went on I just wanted it to end. It had used up all its tricks and the better part of the story was over.I'm glad I bought Shadow of Mordor and enjoyed most of my time with it but it went on about 8-10 hours too long, perhaps I shouldn't of done all those side quests!7/10"
,Recommended,241930,27262463,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jayesh108,Best Game i have ever played in my brothers playstation! :D
76561197978320682,Recommended,241930,19256658,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ms. Frizzle - LSD Enthusiast,"I really enjoyed this game, but unfortunately I purchased it when it was brand new and around $50-60, which it is definitely not worth. I played through this game without giving a single thought to the time I was putting into it. I hunted down every single artifact and completed every possible side quest or event with the exception of 2 or 3 that I just didn't feel like messing with by the end of the game. With only 31 hours play time - some of that spent standing around afk, the game is complete.Don't get me wrong, this game is so much fun. It's everything I wished Assasin's Creed would have been. The story was a lot of fun as well. The voice acting is good, and the nemesis system with the orcs is awesome.The ratio of what I paid to the hours of entertainment received is where the game loses out.Wait to pick it up on a decent steam sale and you won't be disappointed. Buy it full price and you might be."
,Recommended,241930,18689211,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,frost,"Very fun, although I would have like more of the LOTR to be incorporated. Very glad I bought it, even though I can run it on Very High settings when it said I didn't meet the minimum requirements?"
76561198061304590,Recommended,241930,12382409,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Sagefreke,"This game is absolutely terrific! Ive only had this game for 2 days and already played 28 hours, i hacve never played a better game in my life. The combat is amazing it takes influence from real combat stanced and sword arts. The flow of the battle is very fluid and is very unique. Furthermore the graphics and magnificent, clearly this game has had a serious ammount of detail put into it. Finally, from that amazing ending i cant wait for the sequal to this amazing game."
76561198032943425,Recommended,241930,12490526,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,VectorX,"Of all the LoTR games throughout the years, this one definitely tops them all.  From combat, to story, to skill mechanics, the game beats out all previous installments.  SoM does a great job putting you in the world of Middle Earth while also keeping you specifically out of the direct story line of the LoTR, breathing into it a fresh perspective on the game.You play in 3rd person mode and wade through waves of Orcs as you seek to uncover the past behind your ghostly friend who constantly appears and shows you how to use your newly unlocked powers.  The world is divided into segments that you can fast travel between in order to complete various quests (divided into two types, story and level up).  Each quest unlocks new runes and skill points.The game is gorgeous, its graphics are some of the best and the combat mechanics are smooth.  There's very little awkward disconnects in the movement, so you will rarely find yourself looking at fights and wondering how an orc swung his axe 2 feet off from where you are and still hit you.  That being said, the difficulty becomes broken once you're leveled your skills up to a certain point.  Skills like being able to counter by simply tapping the right mouse button when you see the icon means with a little practice you are mostly untouchable.  Add to this some very over powered combos that you can unlock and you're basically the bane of all orcs existence.  This is fun so long as you weren't hoping for a challenge throughout the entire game.  This also can add replay value if you just enjoy wading through enemies and seeing how ridiculous your combo can be.Overall, the game is engaging and learning how to link together your skills in order to master the art of slaughtering orcs is fun.  If you always wished you could be plopped into the epic battles you see in the LoTR movies, this is as close as you're going to get.  If the developers balanced the skills and added a little more variety into the world, this game would be a shining beacon for all other games in the series to aspire to.  Definitely worth the money!"
76561198118302550,Not Recommended,241930,33465104,Posted: 11 July,all,Nitrator,"Pros:-The animations (executions, climbing, stealth kills, etc.) are the best I've ever seen in a game I've played.  There's no clipping between the textures, and the transitions between the animations are extremely fluid.  I've never played any AC or arkham games but I guess it's similiar.-Some of the orc captains have funny mannerisms-The ambient orc dialogue is pretty funny.  Nice hearing them talk about how you exploded so and so's head, how they lit themselves on fire, etc.Gamebreaking Negatives:-The combat is absolutely awful.  It's just click left mouse and ""F"" to win, and right click when promted.  Even so it might be forgivable (since it looks so badass), except that the extreme ease of the game invalidates both the nemesis system and weapon upgrades.-Almost every story cutscene made me cringe, i.e., ultra-melodramatic.-The main plot is utterly boring as well as largely incoherent.  Maybe I was just too bored to pay attention to it.-The stealth mechanics are ultra cheesable; the orcs are literally blind.  It really bothered me during the beginning of the game when there was a point to stealth (before you could consume orcs with fireballs from your eyes and bolts of lightning from your♥♥♥♥♥♥.-As if the combat and stealth weren't easy enough, if you do manage to get overwhelmed/spotted by orcs, a quick circle around a building 30 ft away and they all simultaneously give up looking for you.  You also run twice as fast as them anyways, so, yeah...Minor Negatives:-The story quest line is basically one long tutorial-The final boss battle is just quick time events...-The protaginist has ""dead"" eyes.  They look glossed over and his face has a ""creepy valley"" look to it (other characters look fine).  I only mention this because I found it absolutely repulsive.  Fortunately you can change your skin to a few of the other characters, although you'll still have to suffer through it during the already diabolical story cutscenes.-Cutscenes galore: every warchief has two seperate cutscenes on introduction, each of his bodyguards has a cutscene, whenever you proc their respective strength/weakness (e.g. scared of fire) there is a cutscene, and the warchief/bodyguards death's can have a cutscene.  All thCUTSCENEese cutscenes while CUTSCENE you're fightiCUTSCENEng. get pretty CUTSCENE annoyCUTSCENEing.  CUTSCENE CUTSCENE CUTSCENE AHHHHHHHHHHH9.3 out of 10, IGN would play again"
,Recommended,241930,15285244,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,"Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor is a fantastic action adventure game. Worthy of GOTY title and not out of originality, dont get me wrong. I acknowledge the fact it hasn't brought something newon the table and It is considered as the laughingstock of games in 2014 more so because it is seen as an Assassin's Creed/Batman Arkham series clone whereas I see it as an opportunity to do alot using this engine. To me, I did not get dissatisfied one bit by the fact that it resembles the aforementioned games but rather impressed by how it can offer an engaging experience for myself. My only complaint with this is how repetitive missions can get which is not all that bad if you go for the story only. The mechanics are introduced bit by bit and I enjoyed how random the watchiefs' abilities were. As soon as the intro to Shadow of Mordor started and I got emotional out of the cutscene, I knew what was in store was going to be great. Expansions were also engaging and it is a solid game. For any LOTR fans, I blindly recommend it :D"
76561198049176302,Recommended,241930,32665588,Posted: 22 June,all,ilukericherson,"Awesome game. Combat system is excellent, sometimes you just want to kill some orcs which is great.The orc captains are all unique, with attributes/names/appearances that are all related. I interacted with at least 100 or so captains with no repeats, and nothing really got stale except for a few at the end. It was a really enjoyable, unique mechanic to have them.It can get a bit stale and repetitive in the 2nd half of the game, although the story missions in the 2nd half of the game are decently interesting. Also you get a little bit overpowered in the 2nd half of the game, which makes it feel less challenging.The characters are all pretty interesting and the story is good (of course totally non-canon, but you have to expect that going in).Even with its downsides this game was one of my favorite in awhile, and I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,241930,34184584,Posted: 11 August,all,MonkeyWrench,"When a game changes up the typical formula in the perfect way, you can't help but love wish there was more of it.Shadow of Mordor was able to use systems we have never seen before that landed this game on my all time favorites list.Although, the question is, will you love Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor as much as I did? Let discuss some of the features the game offers.Graphics-Shadow of Mordor looks fantastic. Take in mind that I did use the ""HD Content"" for 100% of my gameplay and I highly recommend it if your hardware can support it. For the most part the game goes a photo realistic approach on the graphics. In the scenario I agree with that direction, it really fits the setting quite well.(At the bottom of the review I will post a link to a screenshot of my benchmark results as well as system specs during the test.)Gameplay-I was completely blown away with this how this game played. I am not typically into beat 'em up or hack and slash, if you can really even call this that. The way this game flowed from movement to combat, and back to movement was near flawless. A lot of people compare the movement system to Assassins Creed, I think I agree with that comparison. Although the newest AC game I play was either Brotherhood or 3, so the movement in this game seems better in relations to those titles.The ""Nemesis System""-This system was truly one of a kind, it the system that everyone talks about within this game. In the sake of keeping a brief I will put it like this: The ""Nemesis System"" allows every single person to have a unique experience with every ""Orc Captain"". The system picks from dozens of traits to alter the combat experience, the voice, the appearance, and the personality of the Orcs. I will tell you what, you will come across Orcs with the same personality or war paint from time to time, but I would be shocked if you ever came across a 100% copy of one you had fought in the past. I know I didn't in all of my experience.Combat-The combat in Shadow of Mordor is truly a thing of beauty. Some will find it very repetitive and tedious, I'm not going to pretend that is not going to be the case for some players. Although I found it to be the perfect combination of repetition and seamless flow between offensive moves and defensive moves. The game does take a skill tree approach to upgrading combat abilities, but it is set up as a mixture of upgrade as you get points and upgrade as you progress into the game. In my mind the skill tree is set up well and is believable, even the end game moves are within reason.AI-The intelligence of the AI honestly took me by surprise, at least when it comes to combat. Let me just get the lack luster out of the way first, during stealth the AI is what you would expect from a stealth game, not very perceptive, I just like to contribute that to Orcs not being a very perceptive type. Anyway, during combat is when the AI really starts to shine. When I was surrounded I was very happy to see that the enemy did not take turns attempting to dismember me, I found my self scrambling to block multiple attacks from every angle. I can vividly remember a handful of random fights that were actually stressful. The sheer number of Orcs in one fight, especially when they called for back up was actually quite daunting, then toss 2 or more captains in the mix then you have a very challenging fight on your hands.Story-Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor tells the same story that we have seen in countless action games, your family has been murdered  and you are hell-bent on revenge. Do not let that sway your opinion yet, because they have done the biggest thing to improve this type of story. For once the family is actually part of the game, you get to interact and even fight along side them for a small amount of time. What makes that different you ask? When your family is only seen in one cutscene at the start of the game we as the player feel very little if any pain and the inevitable revenge feels stale. When the family is actually living and breathing that changes completely, when you the player is actually fighting alongside the family you know that they have your back and you have theirs. So when the death of them does come you can really feel that blood on your hands knowing that you might have been able to prevent the death of the ones you love the most. I've never been so happy to be so sad and so set on revenge.Replayability-Sadly this is where the game falls just short. Replayability. Once the game is complete there is really not a lot to do withing the “Story” section of the game. Unfortunately there is not a way to replay single missions or a Story+ of any kind. The only thing left is to hunt the endless Orc Captains, which of course gets stale. Luckily the game does have quality DLC's, having hours of extra fun. Once you have completed all of that I really recommend the challenges, which really live up to their name. They require absolute mastery of the movement and combat, which is the perfect endgame in my mind.Value for Dollar-At the time of this review I have 44 hours logged in Shadow of Mordor, even at $20.00 I do consider that money well spent, although I did get it during the Winter Sale. If you are a Lord of the Rings fan or are already a fan of this type of game, I say just pick it up at full price I'd say it's a safe bet for you. If you are on the fence even after reading my review go ahead and wait till it goes on sale, you really don't want the thought of the price changing your game experience.What Would I do Different or add?-For the sake of preventing myself from rambling on for ages I'm going to keep this part direct. This games life span really could have benefited from some sort of Story+ or at least the ability to replay single missions, like I mentioned above. The only other thing I could think to add would have been a “Stats” page, I would have absolutely loved to have seen things like number of stealth kills, bow kills, executions, etc, etc.If you have any questions or comments concerning the game or my review do not hesitate to ask!Here is the link to that benchmark test.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=912860931"
10110101010100101,Recommended,241930,14323433,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,UptownBicycleBeat,40 GB of awesomeness
,Recommended,241930,25706505,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Blandpepper,as someone who has just started playing this gmae and never really watched lord of the rings this gmae is really fun has very few loading screens if you have any problems go to the sub reddit and they have everythign you need to know
,Recommended,241930,34228014,Posted: 13 August,all,sxnlit,Just a great game. I love it so much and it holds a very special place in my heart. Definitely worth playing if you haven't already.
,Recommended,241930,29352329,Posted: 19 January,all,AeroCross,This game did right in one shot what Assassin's Creed hasn't been able in like 10 games.Specially the beheading.
76561198042900929,Recommended,241930,29342370,Posted: 18 January,all,Solko,"IMHO, this is a masterpiece.Pros:- The story is good, it keeps you attached to the seat until the very end (and makes you hope for a sequel).- Fighting has never been so much fun. When reaching the end you really feel like a swordmaster, being able to overcome over 20 orcs at a time!- Graphic is still great despite a few years have passed: Mordor's land has never been so alive, and characters animations are just about perfect and never feel unnatural.- Audio compartment is great; nothing remarkable, but everything works really well.- DLC content is good and worthy of being played.- Learning curve is optimal, difficulty level never too hard or easy.Cons:- Game mechanics are be partly ""borrowed"" from Assassin's Creed.- The CG animations are not steady in terms of quality - sometimes they look and feel a little outdated.- No Multiplayer.I would give this a 9/10."
,Recommended,241930,16974129,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Ashes,"The main story mode for this game was super awesome. The combat in this game is amazing and get's even more fun the higher level you get and it looks badass. If you love Lord of The Rings you'll absolutely love this game. I'm still working on getting through all the dlc, but so far that has been fun too. :-)"
76561198047668775,Recommended,241930,14073810,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,George Zimmerman {suicidal},"I know everyone has heard this a million times but think Batman: Arkham style combat with some Red Dead Redemption-esque slow motion ranged shooting, and an Assassins Creed style stealth and parkour system. It was basically all that put together and polished to make the gameplay really fun. Story was interesting but the ending was pretty terrible and after awhile the fights become underwhelming, especially the final 2 missions. I really enjoyed the Nemesis System and what it added to a game, especially when I would think I had killed a captain and it turns out he survived and hunted me down for vengeance. All in all, it was super fun and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,241930,33921120,Posted: 30 July,all,It Just Dont Make Sense,Can't wait Shadow of War
,Recommended,241930,15683977,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Chao$ Blade,"It never was so fun to cut, slay, slaughter and butcher orcs of all kinds! Kill them all and their leaders or brand them and  create your own army. Monolith did great job with both Freeflow combat system(plays really smooth) and Nemesis system(brings you a lot od surprises). Stealth and parkour are Assassin's creed style. I recomend this game to LOTR fans and to all fans of great action games."
,Recommended,241930,12325446,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,TryceUp,"Probably the most enjoyment I've had out of a 2014 release (outside of Infamous: Second Son and Wolfenstein). Like most open world adventures, it can be a bit repetitive and at some point you'll become the ultimate-badass but the Uruk ranking system and different ways to approach them keeps this game interesting! I'm excited to see what they bring out as DLC!"
,Recommended,241930,16431787,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Just fucked my PC,"I'm barely out of the gate, and with six hours on my belt, I'm bloody lovingMiddle-earth: Shadow of Mordor.Delicious looking vistas, amazing night-time graphics, and a flowing, familiar yet personalised combat system makes Middle Earth a must-buy. It's a colourful, wide, sprawling game that I apparently have barely touched the surface of, and with the HD textures now downloading I'll see soon the real sqaplendor [(C) thoma5nator] of Mordor in its full glory. The gamepad controls make sense and times when you occaisonally make a mis-leap are few and far between. You can scale Orc masonry with the speed and litheness of a certain eagle-motif'ed protagonist, and he'll show you how to scale walls people, AND YOU DON'T EVEN NEED A CLIMB LEAP GLOVE!Performance-wise, at near-max on my beefy♥♥♥♥♥non-SLI system I attain at least 90fps in most areas, thanks to Monolith Productions' undying love of the superior gaming platform, although I don't think that will matter much as you'll likely want to play this with a gamepad, so you'll be slamming on dat VSync."
,Recommended,241930,24301197,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Hikki,Good game but plot is weak(
76561198117501378,Recommended,241930,32230501,Posted: 6 June,all,Raze.Rival,"Really fun game. Combat is kind of Arkham/Assassin's Creed style, and though it can get a little repetitive, the animations are awesome and varied, so killing hordes of orcs doesn't get boring. The stealth is great. Almost everything can be climbed, and the parkour feels really smooth. Just running through the rooftops avoiding detection is really fun.Though those parts of the game are good, the really great part of this game is the nemesis system. Orc captains and warlords all have unique strengths, weaknesses, personalities and appearances. When you kill or help them, you affect the power hierarchy of the orcs. This makes the world really feel responsive, and every makes every death feel meaningful. Its a really cool system that they're hopefully going to expand on a lot in the sequel.The only real downside of this game is how easy it is. It's pretty easy to escape any difficult situations, so, unless you really overcommit to a kill, it's hard to die. But that's pretty minor, and the rest of the game is extremely good."
76561198013811399,Recommended,241930,13599552,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Maya,Anything from WB should be played.
,Recommended,241930,12324727,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Appear,This game is a brilliant mix between the Batman Arkham series and Assassin's Creed. Fluid combat motions and beautiful graphics makes this game fun and exciting to play!Pros:1. Amazing lighting2. Lots of combat variation3. All quests have different approaches4. So much to do!5. Great potential for upcoming DLCs!6. Taking over Saurons army and controlling the orcs gives this game a fresh spark!Cons:1. Climbing can be a bit unforgiving (like Assassin's Creed)9.5/10 - AppearBuy it!
,Recommended,241930,22918020,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ArtCes,It's a really good game. I'm one of those players who likes to play and enjoy for a bit longer so don't follow the main quests. There's a lot to do in sight quests and uruks to be killed. I just love it
,Recommended,241930,18423206,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Gosumania,"Nemesis System is really addicting! Mind = BlownIt's good to see that Monolith Productions takes the risk and innovate. What we all figured would be some sort of gimmick is actually an INCREDIBLE System that works behind the scenes even when you think it isn't. Follow the in game story yes, But make your own story using the Nemesis System and your suddenly in a whole new world! Graphics are what you expect nowadays from a AAA title along with the sound.The gameplay has the best elements with almost Assassin's Creed Style assassination maneuvers."
76561198035726780,Not Recommended,241930,33992801,Posted: 3 August,all,Malau,"The reviews said 'Batman meets Assassin's Creed'. It is both and neither.  I think i've been 'pussified' by those 2 easy games, because this is definitely NOT an easy game - prepare to die lots of times. The graphics are abit shabby and bland too."
,Not Recommended,241930,33789955,Posted: 25 July,all,G3CD,"When the game was released a couple of years ago, it had an infamous bug where it would delete saved games. Now it's 2017 and the bug is still in the game and even weirder: I have on video that the savegame file was at 32% after I quit the game regularly - and when I started the game again, I was back at 20% with 4 hrs of progress lost. FIX YOUR GAME, WARNER BROTHERS!!!"
,Recommended,241930,32694101,Posted: 23 June,all,coc lover,I really hate that I spent $12.50 on this game when looking at the fact that it's $4 right now
,Recommended,241930,12342593,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,MRSH4DOW,Mordor next top Warchief simulator9/10
,Recommended,241930,12303852,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,PhattyStack,Only had 20-30 mins so far in this game cause I had to work the next day however what I had got to experience so far is just amazing I can't wait to get off work and play!So It's been awhile since I last posted mainly because I've been milking the crap out of this game cause I've been getting side tracked killing urks :D. Love the concept if you wanna beat it fast your able to or if you want the long mmo feeling you can grind and grind till you feel your ready to continue on in the story. Haven't had any dislikes so far hope this helps for some of you.
,Recommended,241930,23687560,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,Love this game >.< ♡ 10/10.
,Recommended,241930,34535717,Posted: 27 August,all,FeedMakina,What I love about this game is that...I just love it.
,Recommended,241930,31428364,Posted: 28 April,all,Thegayagenda,"Somehow the best way to make a lord of the rings game, is to completely ignore the existing lore... who knew?"
76561198107154420,Recommended,241930,20859701,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Alan_Gord,"Build your own legend in the land of Mordor where the shadows lie.LIKES-nemesis system; this is a true gem of this game. Systems generates dozens of unique and badass uruk captains and put you in the midst of their struggle. It's really enjoyable to slaughter those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, but someday you run into really powerfull one. He'll kill you, which makes him even stronger and then he'll hunt you all over the Mordor and mock you for your weakness. Who'll become your personal Azog the Defiler?-flashy combat (Btman style): become an epic LOTR hero just with two buttons.-parkour and free running (Assassin's Creed  style): jump from the highet tower of the stronghold and deliver a deathblow to the uruk captain.-well used source material: the story is completely uncannon regarding tolkien works, but i can tell that devs made a really good research of the middle-earth's lore. For example uruks call Talion ""tark"" which is an orcish word that was  used by them to describe men of Gondor. It's very minor detail, but it's there!-tons of collectibles-action packed open world: the game world isn't very big, but something is always happening here: uruks hunt graugs and caragors, escort slaves, fight with each other etc.DISLIKES-dumbed down stealth: uruks are completely blind, they can see you crouching in front of them in broad daylight only when you stab them with your dagger.-monodirectional gameplay: if you don't like to murder uruks in the dozen ways this isn't game for you.VERDICT:Overall very good action game set in the open world and one of the best games in the LOTR franchise along with the Battle for Middle-Earth 2."
76561198034138902,Recommended,241930,13689657,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,MrTrippy,"Even if you're not a fan of Lord Of The Rings, you can still enjoy this game. A man on a mission to avenge his family by slaying Orcs in various ways! Whats not to love?People have compared the combat to Assassins Creed but it's not quite the same, if the enemies start to gang up on you, you're done for unless you can escape and hide. Put simply, its less forgiving that AC games.The game also manages to cater for different play styles, you can charge in with your sword, fight enemies from range with the bow, take the stealthy approach, picking them off 1 by 1 or combine all 3! If slicing, stabbing and shooting isnt enough for you, you can use the environment as well! Mounting beasts, releasing animals from cages, poisoning barrels of booze.... the list goes on!The map is also fairly big which makes exploring fun, which is good because the game looks awesome! Slaying Orcs never looked so good!"
,Recommended,241930,21964040,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,NeoRizer,"Really decent game. If you're a LotR's fan, it'll definitely draw you in a lot more. It's essentially an Orc genocide simulator... you kill orcs, then kill some more orcs... and kill orcs who think they're tougher than the other orcs... all the while finding collectible artifacts and pruning and eating flowers and mushrooms.It's very much a hybrid of those Batman Arkham games + Assassin's Creed style game play. Half the game is stealthing around the other half is brutally long combat sequences that require you to plan and strategize the final kills. The game isn't as simple as kill everything... There's a gimmick of holding an orc and draining their mind for intel on other orc chiefs so you can exploit their weaknesses and make the fights easier.It's a very repetitive game but incredibly simple over all. The game has a scaling difficulty, so the further you get in to the story, the harder it becomes. However, your arsenal of special moves becomes much wider so it balances itself out... If you start to feel underpowered, then it's time to start grinding out XP on side missions and unlocking some more of the advanced special moves. By the end of the game, you're just an orc killing machine and nothing can really stop you unless you make mistakes in the fights.The animations are incredibly fluent and I've never really felt the impact of killing something like I have in this game... There's just something great about rolling over the back of an orc only to slice their head off in one swift motion. :)The game looks really good as well (playing on Ultra) and I haven't experienced any frame drops, so the optimization is really well executed for higher end machines. I'm running a GTX 970, i7 @950 if that gives you an idication of what you need to make the game run smooth.If you're tired of Batman games or Assassin's Creed, I'd steer clear of this game because that's essentially all it is. only more refined and a lot more casual...The climbing system is incredibly easy which makes stealth kills easy to execute as well... I'd say about 90% of the walls in this game are scalable... just hold A and press forward and chances are, you will just start climbing stuff automatically... no thought involved, which was nice. :)As with most WB games, it's a very cinematic experience, high production values, low substance and not very challenging but still interesting enough to justify playing.I'd rate this a 7.5 / 10... it's a decent experience, nothing you haven't seen or played before, but it's fun.I would try to get it on sale, anywhere  in the 20 to 30 dollar range, no more... try to get all the DLC as well as it adds more game play modes to the over all experience.For achievement hunters: There aren't any missible achievements either, so just enjoy the experience and play... You'll eventually get all the really convoluted achievements just playing through the main story line. Don't go out of your way for anything that sounds ridiculous until you're finished the story line."
,Recommended,241930,12514670,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,SkySatan,"wow! i loved the game...best game of the year till now...superb game play amazing story ,one must play it one of the best role playing games of all time...also with great graphical environment."
76561197970649200,Recommended,241930,12358173,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,danpaladin,"TLDR:  Good = Fighting, art, voices, controller.  Bad = Quicktime events, Mouse/keyboard controls, Story, somewhat repetitive if you're paying attention.If you pretend you're in Mordor and you have things to do, it's fun.  If you think about the design of the game and what's going on, you risk not having as much fun.  Just run around without thinking too much (with a controller!) and you'll probably enjoy this.======================This game has great production values.  It has good voice acting.  It has combat that requires a lot of timing of specific kinds.  It does contain a decent amount of quicktime events which means you better press that button sequence correctly or you're not going anywhere.I played on a controller and found the controls to feel natural.  My friends on a mouse+keyboard say the opposite.You don't have to sneak everywhere, but it's a good tactic.  You heal through finding roots in the earth, and if you're lucky you'll find runes for your blade that have a chance at healing you when you do certain things.***15% OF A SPOILER***The ending is essentially a cliff-hanger.  That's disappointing to me as I won't have any closure until whenever the sequel comes out, and maybe they'll do it again.  Anyway, as such, the story takes a massive hit."
,Recommended,241930,22666296,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Δqvα,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor é um jogo de RPG de ação ambientado no universo da saga ""O Senhor dos Anéis"" do autor J. R. R. Tolkien, desenvolvido pela Monolith Productions e distribuído pela Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.A história do jogo acontece no espaço entre o ""O Hobbit"" e ""O Senhor dos Anéis"" e foi lançado em 30 de setembro de 2014Modo aventura voce viaja com Talion na Terra de Mordor pelas encostas da Montanha da Perdicao em busca de vingança fazendo missoes principais e secundarias, tenha cuidado com soldados e capitães orcs ou uruks  pois sao de varios tamanhos eles sao infinitos rs, e tenha cuidados com os Graugs e Caragors.O sistema de luta e bem tranquilo bem facil e lembra muito batman, a jogabilidade para andar, corre e esconder-se assassin's creed.No aspectos de desenvolvimento do jogo foram encontrados todos tipos de orcs ou uruks, esquiva finalizaoes o game mostrou execelente.Seus gráficos e trilha sonora muito♥♥♥♥♥♥feita com muita qualidade dublagens muito boas ate com sotaques.O Game e muito bom foi pegado elementos de varios outros games eu me divertir muito.Mais uma vez a  Warner Bros, esta de Parabenz. Excelente jogo"
,Recommended,241930,12808308,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Mr Larson,7/10. It would have gotten a higher score if it would remove some of the quick time events and making the story something else then just memories from the past. Everything else is just great. A must buy!
,Recommended,241930,12310211,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Very Buttery Bread,"It's cool i guess, another dodge-and-slash game, cool graphic though."
,Not Recommended,241930,25930811,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Stormhaul,"While it is pretty, and controlling Uruk society is novel I have to rate it poorly. There is little depth to the game, and it is very very easy. Plus quicktime events. Half the game is a quicktime event with the most pathetic final boss fight I've ever seen. It's actually just 3 clicks and victory. I wouldn't suggest spending full or even half the price they ask for it."
,Recommended,241930,24791712,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,★TheAssass1n★,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is an open world action-adventure video game, developed by Monolith Productions and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. The story of the game takes place between the events of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. You control Talion, a ranger who was killed by the Black Hand of Sauron. Talion's spirit merged with the wraith of the Elf Lord Celebrimbor, and together they try to avenge the death of their loved ones. You can engage in melee combat, and utilize some of the wraith abilities to fight against enemies.The game uses the Nemesis System, which allows the artificial intelligence of non-playable characters to remember the death of the game's protagonist and react accordingly. The game's open world takes place in Mordor and is filled with lots of activities and War Chiefs to kill, Shadow of Mordor is packed with lots of things to do. Talion is a very interesting character, as his spirit is merged with an Elf Lord's. The story is fun and interesting to progress through although it only has 20 main story missions.Overall I think Shadow of Mordor really deserves a score of 9/10, it is just a lot of fun to play through. It also being a game based on The Lord of the Rings makes it a very great game. This is the first open world action adventure LOTR game we've gotten and damn it is a great one. It is very accurate to the movies and just makes for great entertainment. If you're looking for a fun, content filled and story rich game, then this is the one to buy. You will not be disappointed it has loads of content to keep you entertained for quite a long time. So what are you waiting for, stop reading this review and GO get this game, it is AWESOME!."
76561197964097628,Not Recommended,241930,26539543,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sidetrack,"This game was amazing.  This game was fun.  I was having an absolute blast playing this game and would have rated it a 10/10..... UNTIL.... I met my first (near) unkillable captain.  He was immune to melee, ranged, stealth.  He had poison weapons that would kill you in 2 hits.  He was enraged by flies.  He ran super fast.  He COULD be damaged by special attacks but didn't take much damage.  I WAS EXCITED FOR THE CHALLENGE!!!After ambushing him during his trial I finally killed the ♥♥♥♥er while exploiting his weakness to fire so that he wouldn't come back.  I was elated and was having a blast!!Then, after I chopped his head off, he came back to life.  This time he was even stronger AND had a body guard.Tried over and over to kill him.  He was the only thing standing between me and progressing in the story line.  Finally killed him.  HE CAME BACK TO LIFE.While it's a hilarious story to tell it absolutly killed the game for me.  I want to play.  I love the challenge.  But I'll be damned if I'm going to waste more time completing a challenge that just resets itself.10/10 review changed to 0/10 for feeling as if I'm bashing my head into a brick wall."
,Not Recommended,241930,33507688,Posted: 13 July,all,Doodle,"As much as i want to love this game for being a fun lotr meets arkem knight experience, i cannot get over how god awful the controls are, Combat is fine(if you enjoy slapping sponge dolls with a plastic sword), but climbing and jumping are like hearding cats. Half the time i would be sneaking down a hallway fighting the true enemy, Randomly Jumping Onto Walls, the other half is getting progressively more frustrated with dumbass mcranger being unable to simply shimmy over 2 inches to get onto a ledge instead of jumping 50 feet above it... yeah no, not like that didn't just let the archer, and then the rest of the fort, know i was there.. this is fine..For as much polish as this game has, the one place they missed is a glaring flaw that ruins gameplay at every step. pun intended."
,Recommended,241930,12545959,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,LollipoP,"Awesome game, do not regret buying it! =)"
,Recommended,241930,12355219,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,pass_judgement_on_me_as_you_walk,Alright m8 imma b8 u den imma castr8 u and h8 u casue baam baaam baam . Imma neverah giff upp yeah i say. bam bam bam imma vnever give up. SO when your yur walking downt he streeet to the place wehrere u walk and see this gmae you know at u gotta de isss. go go go pick it the ♥♥♥♥ up go go go wik i t up. It giff youi the power to contintue and moff forward even u don't any longer hafft eh strength to move. You jjust begin to go u git motivateds you git good you git this game. hah ah ah a. So i c the sysytem. The system is chasesin me tryna bring me down. And bamm. I turn on my ficking mother ♥♥♥♥er ♥♥♥♥ing computer. Lanuch this game game and baam baam baam . I say ♥♥♥♥ the system ayeah ♥♥♥♥ the sysytem cause i dont dont giff a flyin ♥♥♥♥ i jys play the ♥♥♥♥in game you mother ♥♥♥♥er so it dont even ♥♥♥♥ing matter any ♥♥♥♥ing more cuase i dont ♥♥♥♥ing givv a mother ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,241930,26822272,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GGK01,An interesting adaption of Tolkien's universe
,Recommended,241930,18105186,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Cor Serpentis,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. I KNOW I RECOMMEND IT BUT THE MAIN MENU SONG IS SO EPIC THAT I CANT PLAY THE GAME
,Not Recommended,241930,33492738,Posted: 12 July,all,Phezzan,"Short:Tedious Batman combat interspersed with unskippable cutscenes.Grindtastic.Compared to Dark Souls:Souls doesn't respawn the archers while you are trying to finish backstabbing the grotto.Souls commands translate into entirely predictable moves.In Souls, I can tell who is hitting me and I know I am taking damage even if they are archers.Pros:Lots of click to win Batman combattons of cinematic combat.  It's fun to watch for a while$4.  I wouldn't pay more than $5, but it's a fun show for about 4 hours.Cons:Enemies respawn faster than you can stealth kill them - you can't clear an area larger than the minimap.Hi I'm a captain and I'm going to interrupt your combo to announce myself...Hitting the target you want is hard in a fight, Hitting the wrong target can waste your combo and hard counter you.User input is queued which can break your combo if you don't correctly predict what will happen.Losing your combo because your teammate killed your target, making you miss.The camera makes this game hardIn real life you'd like to be near a wall, but here that will mess up your view and kill you.story ... well It's better than the Doom 1 story.42.7 GB download / Harddrive spaceRidiculous EULA.  You aren't allowed to have the whole game on your harddrive.  Somebody should take this to court to make precedent."
,Recommended,241930,12315125,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,medavroog,"""Thief"" and ""Assassin's Creed"" styled stealth as well as assassination techniques with wall-climbs in an open-world enviroment packaged into a game that has beautiful graphics and awesome ""Lord of the Rings"" storyline.  The combat combo-system is well designed for different play-style to be explored.  I highly recommend this game."
76561198043382386,Not Recommended,241930,28319899,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,DjuDju,"Nicely done, runs great.BUTIt's just running around killing orcs, nothing else. It's basically Batman Akram city but set in the LOTR universe. Honestly, it's all about mindlessly pressing buttons to make combos. I was expecting a deeper story and more character improvements, it's really a pointless game. I would have asked for a refund if I was still within the allowed refund period."
,Not Recommended,241930,25841934,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,(Strai),"★★☆☆☆A functional, but uninspired blend of Assassin's Creed and Arkham City, with a weak LotR theme, limited mostly to name dropping, and even weaker graphics.  Expect to die, a lot, until endgame, when you can take on every orc in the world at once.+ Combat mounts+ I got the Season Pass somehow?+ Hunting & Gatherting mini quests+- Fast travel, rather spread out+- Arkham Combat, but Arkham City did it better+- Assassins Creed free running, but ACB did it better+- Weapon runes add minor stat customization, can buy more OP ones in DLC+- Varying performance on a 970, sometimes 90+ FPS, other times sub30.  This seems to be due to ultra Shadows.+- Branding.  Mind control enemies.  The best feature in SoM, but they save unlocking it until halfway through the story.  On top of that, its not unlocked for any meaningful reason, just ""OK, lets brand now!""+- Sauron's Army.  Enemy rival system, over hyped.  Hardly has an effect, especially later in the game, when you're unlikely to die and/or brand them all.  The way it only updates when you die isn't enjoyable either.  Its also required for story progress, which makes it feel even less like a natural and dynamic part of the world.  The way orcs visually upgrade, and remember you if you and/or they die (but somehow survive) is interesting, and it gives you the option to take out captains before going for the warchief to make things easier.  Could be a much better system if integrated better, instead of as a punishment for death.- No multiplayer/coop- Can't replay missions- Clunky camera angles- Insta-fail stealth missions- Seperate zones to load between- Jump dodge rarely works, if ever- Weak graphics, even with the HD pack- Progression has no impact on the world- Some interactions only work in ghost mode- The only character customization is pay2dlc skins- Poorly written story, with practically no relation to LotR- Combat lacks the quickfire gadget variety of Arkham City- Mid-combat healing is handled very oddly, picking flowers- Attacks in combat don't knock down enemies in a single hit- Flurry finisher animation has no iframes until you upgrade it- Never visit any memorable, recognizable, or interesting locations- Expect to die, a lot, as an integrated part of the game and progression- Being low on health has an annoying mute + heartbeat effect on sound- Open world is mostly empty nature space, with non-stop enemies to kill- Upgrades are locked behind multiple gates and split between multiple currencies- You play as not-Aragorn.  This replacement is unlikeable, selfish, and poorly written- Inaccurate sloppy combat.  Counter inputs can fail, finisher inputs can fail, finishers can hit the wrong target, fury strikes can hit the wrong target, target friendlies, timing on the combo system doesn't feel right, etc* Controller required"
76561198101908030,Not Recommended,241930,26368825,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,s3r@ph,"The game doesnt even feel like a Lord of the Rings anything, its basically a Batman / Assassin's Creed crossover with a literally pointless degree of combat grinding. People can hail the gameplay all they like but honestly it feels very empty considering it all boils down to a very basic type of Batman style hits sprinkled with easy to use finishers that get stale quickly.The game gives you virtually no reason at all to engage it on any level except as a sandbox to beat up orcs in. At the very start, the main character's family is murdered before his eyes. Instead of developing any kind of emotion for either the player or the character the game simply jumps straight into: ""ok now you're a supernatural badass from random phenom! Go kick♥♥♥♥♥and chew bubblegum cause you Cant. Ever. Really. Die.""There is no real incentive to progress the story, there is no tactile incentive to explore the world, the only substantive reason to wander the sandbox you are dropped into is to find more orc captains to slaughter through a repeating series of special moves that make you virtually unstoppable when used smartly.I admit I bought the game late, and I bought it on an extreme sale, but I cannot help but wonder after only 3 hours of playtime, how this game ever managed to draw a ""game of the year"" title to itself with such a sterile atmosphere and numbingly repetitive gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,241930,12308365,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,TitsOnToast,This is going to ruin my life. This game is amazing. That's all you have to know.9.5/10 Because it gets laggy for no reasons from time to time.
76561198087810837,Not Recommended,241930,34560415,Posted: 28 August,all,torgpolariski2112,"so very repetitive, and boring..........."
76561198007685072,Not Recommended,241930,25660828,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,furznichrum,An incredibly flat and repetitive game.
,Not Recommended,241930,26283198,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,7echnomalady,"You begin alone in the heart of the enemy's territory. Everywhere you turn there are patrols looking for you. With great effort you manage your first couple of fights and run away from the rest, using stealth to hide and gather your strength. If you make the mistake of blundering into an enemy stronghold they will raise the alarm and you will be assaulted by endless waves of orcs until you either leave or die.That's the first half an hour of the game, and you get a false impression that this is going to be amazing. Once you discover leveling up and your new abilities you almost instantly become a god. Stronghold? Who cares. You can slaughter wave after wave of enemies, no captain can stop you, nothing can stop you. Monotonous and tedious slaughter in a bland landscape. And once you get really bored of it, don't worry. Just turn beasts and orcs to fight for you and the only thing you'll have to do is convert more of them to join your side."
76561198128779448,Recommended,241930,12298800,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,WestieBeast,"Monolith’s first adventure in Middle-earth, Guardians of Middle-earth, was less than stellar, but the developer has rediscovered its mojo. Shadow of Mordor is an excellent game, one worthy of standing alongside such classics as Shogo, Alien vs Predator 2, and the No One Lives Forever series.Shadow of Mordor is set between The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. The game opens with the death of protagonist Talion, a Gondorian Ranger stationed at the Black Gate. After being attacked by Sauron’s forces and bearing witness to the ritual sacrifice of his family, Talion's soul is joined with the spirit of an elvish wraith who grants him extraordinary powers, and apparent immortality. Driven by a desire for revenge, and by a coupling to his mysterious incorporeal companion, Talion ventures in to Mordor.The fairly basic set-up is elevated immensely by some superb performances. Talion’s mission for revenge never feels forced, and the slow revelation of his elven companion's identity and past is genuinely engaging. Even the addition of Gollum fits neatly within the narrative, and gives Shadow of Mordor a solid link to the film adaptations without forcing it and smacking players like they were a fish on a rock.Voice acting across the board is impressive. Orc and uruk captains throughout the game get noteworthy attention. Each feels unique and has his own distinct personality, and considering the huge number of them that’s an impressive feat.Tolkien purists will no doubt take issue with the lore portrayed in the game but it works well and fits in perfectly with Peter Jackson’s interpretation of Tolkien’s works.Much has been made of the lineage of the combat and navigation mechanics used in Shadow of Mordor, and Talion did at first appear to be Assassin's Creed's Ezio by way of Arkham Asylum's Bruce Wayne, but it only takes a few moments of play to learn that Shadow of Mordor refines these systems and creates something superior to the originals.Free running and climbing is clearly inspired by Assassin's Creed, but it feels tighter and has more weight and momentum. The addition of some superhuman wraith abilities also mixes things up, and helps the navigation system to be distinguishable from others. Similarly, the combat emulates the core of what makes the Arkham games so fun, but it adds more depth, responsiveness and visceral flair. The lineage is very clear, but Monolith stands on the shoulders of greats, and it’s hard to argue with that choice.Exploring the land of Mordor is where the game really shows its quality, and is highly recommended. Collectables, upgrades, side quests, weapon upgrade quests, artefacts, and hunting missions are littered throughout the world. They're a completionist's dream, adding more flavour and some interesting rewards.Talion has multiple upgrade paths available to him. Not only can he upgrade his martial skills, and his ranged and stealth based wraith abilities, he also can modify each of three weapons with runes, which alter their effects when used. Coupled with unlockable skills and combat moves, Shadow of Mordor provides more depth in combat alone than practically any game on the market, and it's all in service of the wholesale slaughter of orcs.Everything in Shadow of Mordor is in orbit around its central mechanic, the Nemesis system. As orcs and uruk increase in power they can be promoted to captains. Captains are unique minibosses that can be found throughout the world, and each has his own agenda. They will fight among themselves to gain power, or bribe and bully other orcs into paying them fealty. All of this can be tracked in game using the Sauron’s Army screen, which shows all known captains and warchiefs, their conflicts, levels, and any intel Talion may have gathered about them in-game.Where the system really shines is how these captains interact with Talion. A grunt will automatically be promoted to captain status should he defeat Talion in combat. This will allow him to gain new skills and strengths. He will also remember Talion when they meet again. Each defeat at the hand of a captain increases their power.Every captain will remember and remark on their previous encounters with Talion, be it victory, defeat, or if they fled. All of it adds another dimension to their personality and further individualises them. What's truly remarkable is how organic it all feels. Each and every encounter seems fresh and completely unique. With Nemesis, Monolith has what might fairly be considered the best emergent videogame system ever made.The PC port garnered much attention due to some steep system requirements. For the most part these are overstated. A medium- to high-spec gaming rig will handle the game exceptionally well in 1080p-1440p with most if not all bells and whistles checked. While a cutting edge PC might be required to ensure more than 60 frames per second with ultra textures and maximum settings, solid performance can be found on a decent system touting 3GB of VRAM. Having said that, the actual difference in visual fidelity between high and ultra textures is virtually undetectable rendering the 6GB VRAM debate moot as they can be turned off with no perceptible loss of quality.The core story in Shadow of Mordor could feasibly be hurried through in a dozen or so hours, but the constantly evolving and escalating conflict within the Nemesis system and the huge number of side quests can easily double or triple that. In any case, the joy in Shadow of Mordor is not measured in hours played, but in the accumulated swords of defeated orc captains. Shadow of Mordor is a triumph, and even a slightly flat ending and some repetition cannot diminish the overall quality of the game.VERIDICTShadow of Mordor is the single best Lord of the Rings adaptation to date, and one of the very best third-person action games in many years. By taking some well-known mechanics and adding their own special twist with the Nemesis system, what Monolith has created is much more than the sum of its few borrowed parts.UPS  Exceptional voice acting. Stellar combat. The game-defining Nemesis system is a game-changer.DOWNS  Lore purists will find the odd thing to harumph. Combat with the non-captain orc hordes can get repetitive. Occasional QTE’s."
76561197966989591,Not Recommended,241930,12323132,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Laser-guided Gummy Bear,"Hrm. First off, I'd like to mention that I'm very into Tolkien. And being so, it does skew my opinion of this game. But I'll make an attempt at an even-handed review.Here goes...I'm very on-the-fence about this game.I've gone through many of the areas of the game, and to be honest, it all starts to look identical. Caragors, Orcs, crumbling tower ruins - all basically the same. I get that this is Mordor, but even with great graphics, animations, and production design - it gets very boring to look at. Even as the map opens up to the next one, it merely replaces the blackened ground with lush grasses, cliffs, and steppes - the ruins feel pretty much the same.Much ado was given about the Nemesis System - but so far, all I've really seen is a revolving door of Orcs that, much like the scenery, starts to blur together into a long chain of interchangable Orcishness. I kill a few, they get replaced by others. They kill me, they get promoted. Sometimes they run away, or survive my antics, only to pop up later for the cycle to continue. Not exactly as revolutionary as it was made to sound. Even got to kill a few more than once. Which was a little weird.The combat is very reminiscent of the Arkham Batman games, to the point where I found myself using many of the same tactics - and fought enemy types that were also cut-and-pasted from the Arkham series. I eventually started calling Talion ""Batmanigorn"" because, aside from gliding/grappling around, I sort of felt like a sword-wielding Batman and not a Ranger of the North. I don't mind this type of combat, but after 3 (soon to be 4) Arkham games, I started to feel like playing more Arkham Asylum/City/Origins, rather than Shadows of Mordor.Some of the Lore-changing/additions are interesting, a few are not actually possible (I'm looking at you Mr. Elf wraith!). And what could've been a great plot-twist concerning the origins of the Wraith Talion is bound to (which I won't reveal), advertising/promotion has largely spoiled.That being said, the game looks good, runs well, controls are fairly tight (if you use a controller), it has a good musical score, and excellent voice acting for the Orcs.Do I like it? Yes.But not so much that I think I'm going to be playing it in 6 months.In my opinion, there could've been much more story and drama injected into this game's beginnings - but it largely feels lifeless, and a bit uninspired. I don't really have a sense of Talion's pain, nor his Wraith companion's. If I'm rooting for anyone, it's Ratbag. He actually has some kind of personality, direction, and sense of humor. Talion is mopey, bland, and needlessly gruff. The Wraith is an arrogant know-it-all (which is funny for an amnesiac). Why would I want to play these guys? Why would I want them to succeed? And in the grand scheme of things, does it even matter if they do?All-in-all, I just don't feel like I'm playing in Middle-earth. It feels a bit more like playing in someone's not-quite-fully-fleshed out fan-fiction.And then there's the lack of content. 2.5 months and the only real additional content are Runes, 2 character swapping costumes, and a few Warband missions that drop piddley♥♥♥♥♥runes. The Warband missions don't even deviate from the basic hunt-the-orc-chief-down quests and add nothing really to the game. Charging people for this is shameful.As of right now: 6/10Good, but not great. All these professional reviewers squealing in girlish glee over this game are on hallucinogenic drugs. This game isn't anywhere near the stream of 9+/10s I've been seeing.The graphics, music, art direction, and Orc voice acting elevate what is otherwise a game that borrows extremely heavily from other sources."
,Not Recommended,241930,24068867,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Thirsty_Pickle,"The game itself is amazing. Good story, awesome combat etc.I simply can't give it a positive review due to the disgustingly anti-climactic ending of the main story. I want the final boss of a game to be a huge, epic battle, not a 2 minute cutscene and a 5 second QTE. Appauling."
,Recommended,241930,14694423,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SerbTerror,Insanley well designed game combat is fun but does resemble Arkahms combat story was well developed only con i have is that the final boss fight was actually terrible and poorly designed otherwise great graphics great gameplay buy the game for sure
,Recommended,241930,14363878,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Michael Scott,Great game. Looks great on my GTX 970
,Recommended,241930,12485605,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,EchoesSometimesSouls,"I think a few years from now people will say that this was an influential title.  Shadow of Mordor may have borrowed heavily from other pre-existing game mechanics, but I believe it is now a matter of time until a new game creates their own version of the nemesis system.I don't see how a person could play this game and not find something to love.Also, I want a Ratbag game."
,Recommended,241930,12319886,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Supersomething,"Do you like the Batman Arkham Games?  Do you like Assassin's Creed? Do you like Lord of the Rings?  Well this game is the best of all three.  Perfect Arkham style combat. Perfect AC style stealth systems and parkour system, with a Lord of the Rings theme.  So if your answer to the three questions was yes, then you should probably purchase this game."
,Recommended,241930,13059325,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,JakoTheShadows,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game. The gameplay borrows from a few other popular games, and the story is nothing special, but what it does it does 100%. It has been a while since ive been able to sit down with a game and have so much fun, the combat is fluid and relatively balanced and very, very fun. World is beautifully rendered and the textures look great. I would recommend this to anybody who enjoys the Assassin's Creed or Batman Arkham franchises or just Lord of the Rings in general."
,Recommended,241930,12365889,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Das Good Ya,One does not simply not purchase this game.
,Recommended,241930,20481108,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Brak,"Easy to Kill and Easy to Die.  Shadow of Mordor is great fun to play and gives a hugely satisfying feel for any adventures you can find.  Open (ish) world exploration hack and slash semi-RPG spectacle fighter is a bit of a mouthful for the genre, but quite simply, this game lets you run around killing orks.  Great voice acting tops off the well done battle controls and cool game mechanics.  Look for this on sale and pick it up."
76561198072865367,Recommended,241930,13572680,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Pepper Jack,"My god is this game entertaining and addicting. You wil become so obsessed with killing the warchiefs in unique ways that you can't stop playing. The nemisis system is a great original idea that I believe will be in many more games in the future. The open world is expansive with quite a few activities to get involved in outside flat out killing orcs. Not to mention the game runs great. The combat makes you feel like a complete badass, without lowering the difficulty to much, but once you start leveling up the game does feel a little bit to easy. If you like open world games and hate orcs, then you should definatley play this game."
76561198129380421,Recommended,241930,20674868,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,JayBlue,"Shadow of Mordor is a fantastic installment in the LotR legacy, complete with sweeping vistas and a wide array of fully voiced enemies providing a wonderful overworld experience. The game paces itself quite well and expects nothing too fancy from the player, indeed including room for error or more inventive methods to complete an objective. Each new unlock feels useful and plays a part in a rich, multi-layered structure of enemies who range from the measliest of footsoldiers to the strongest of the chiefs. There are many ways to brutally destroy your foes, from popping their heads to inciting a riot. You'll keep coming back for more, because with 42gb of data, there's bound to be something for everyone's demented wishes. Ride as Tallion, a forsaken Ranger whose purpose is to fight against the brutal Orc Army. Part man, part spirit, all bloody and definitely satisfying 10/10"
76561198193956227,Recommended,241930,27408845,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LonelyDragon,One of the best story driven games that i have ever played highly recommended
76561198079014068,Recommended,241930,12801487,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hazel28,Simply one of the greatest games i've ever played
76561198093111143,Recommended,241930,23573714,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,SNAKE,"Recently started playing again as I didn't complete it first time around, and boy is this game good!Graphics are absolutely beautiful.Combat is super satisfying, especially when you are on your last slither of health and you come back, against all odds, to slaughter all the orcs.The unique hierarchy system is very refreshing and fun to play with."
76561197982935252,Recommended,241930,14045851,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Reaper™,Recommended fun game. The mechanics are similar to Assassin's Creed and Batman Arkham games but it stands out with the nemesis system which will have you hunting down orcs for revenge.
76561198010720069,Recommended,241930,13026238,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Brad,"9/10As good as Batman: Arkham City, and love the nemesis system, which is novel to me."
76561198136935000,Recommended,241930,19098241,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Bennywise the Retarded Clown,I luv dis game :D
76561197998050806,Recommended,241930,12367331,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Noises,"Combat is never dull but your character will feel overly badass and unchallenged by this combat system. That's not necessarily a bad thing. Many will find it entertaining but some will find it boring. To increase difficulty, turn off all combat queues so you have to use enemy motion and positioning in combat when fighting large groups.For extra difficulty, never go ranged. Surviving a fight with ranged enemies nearby is quite a challenge and the sound effects as a tomahawk goes whipping passed your head are exhilerating."
,Recommended,241930,13656929,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,t850terminator,Shadow of Mordor is a game that does nothing new but gets everything right.Even then it does something new.The Nemesis System is super-duper fantastic.
,Recommended,241930,12319769,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Jackson577,"I have only played about 2 hours of the game but so far this game  is already one of my favorite games. The story is great, gameplay is great. Everything about it is just fantastic, I mean even the respawn system is nice its not just BLAARRRGGHH IM THE DRAGONBORN OF LEGEND or IM THE CHOSEN ONE. It actually makes sense."
76561198076260432,Recommended,241930,13037825,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Ghzoi,Amazing gameplay and fantastic storyBut for me there is one down side** The story is too shortI finished the story with some of the side quests ( just some of them not much ) in 13 hoursLike i said amazing game totally worth to try but the story is short
76561198039631162,Recommended,241930,12336571,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,NB,"Extremely enjoyable and smoothly flowing combat system. Voice acting is very impressive and well done. There are many great characters, which is bolstered by the nemesis system creating some gems along the course of your playthrough.There is lots of additional content besides the main game in the form of nemesis quests, challenges based on your weapons and slave rescue missions, all of which combine the above elements to be just as enjoyable as the other main quests.  If you like batman arkham style combat with a LOTR twist I reccomend this.A potential drawback is the fact that the combat is the real meat of the game, so if you do not enjoy that style of combat this won't be for you."
,Recommended,241930,13750589,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Derm,Arkham-style combat with pretty cool Nemesis system.
76561198007177354,Recommended,241930,12341032,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Nathanius,"Visceral combat, huge variety of gameplay methods, great graphics and you can make it as hard  as you want it to be i.e. set your own tasks and goals if you want all epic runes you'll have to work for them! All in all a superb game a combination of AC, Batman and LOTR with all the best aspects of each."
,Recommended,241930,20108431,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Astray Belgar,I love murder12/10
,Recommended,241930,20141606,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mephiles,"Okay, how best to describe this...  Before we get any further, let it be noted that I highly recommend this game, you'll be able to get hours of gameplay out of it.Sweet and simple version is that this game is like Batman Arkam City's Combat, mixed with a little bit more intelligent than average Assassin's Creed type patrol AI with the assassination sort of ability.  The more interesting part of the game has to be how the orcs have their own chain of command, and will get weaker or stronger based on how you aid, beat down, or kill the orcs within the line of command. Example: you shoot one down during two of the captain orc's duel, then one of is dead, and the alive one gets a promotion.  They'll even get stronger the more times they manage to kill you.  I also found it hilarious how I killed one, some how managed to deny the grim reaper of itself, and kept coming back after me for revenge, with more scars.I will say that I feel like this game's storyline, for those that actually have read the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings books, or pay attention to the lore, that the game's storyline is probably non-cannon.  Why do I say this? Well, one, likely would of heard about a crazed orc killing/controlling possessed ranger running around Mordor some where else in the stories and so forth, considering the events take place prior to Frodo chucking the one ring into Mount Doom.  Also feels as though Sauron's plan of giving the angry vengeful spirit of the ring maker a body, and trying to recruit him was WAY more short sighted than some of his other plans.  The third thing I could list off would spoil a very important but small part to the ending of the main campaign.The ranger made it sound like they were going to make ANOTHER ring of power for themselves.But don't let that stop you from trying this game out. It does a very good job of maintaining the atmosphere and feel of the original stories.I highly recommend this game, you will get hours of gameplay out of it, and set up how easy or tough your main enemies are depending on how you choose to play."
,Recommended,241930,12489512,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Nightmare,"I really like how they've connected the SoM with LotR (i mean the story) but i think it's not deep enought. I would rate it 9/10. It's probably one of my most exciting third person game, but what dissapoints me is the boss fights. I don't mean fighting with capitains and warchiefs, but with main story ones. The last fight is really just made up and it's not even a fight and that is what i just don't like at all. Last boss should be challenging one but it's just 3 clicks to victory. Actually the story line is like 25% of the game what is actually cool and bad in a same way. I think the story for me ended just too fast i am just messing around. Don't take me bad, this game is actually great but the is thing that just SoM don't have, the actuall finishing battle where you can say YES I HAVE BEATEN THE GAME. For all the content i would proudly rate it 10/10 but this is what is putting me down so i can't say this. Anyway i am recommending this game as a great one. :)"
76561198174456027,Recommended,241930,19704908,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,DandyAss,"In a nutshell, this is Assassin's Creed mixed with Batman: Arkham Asylum, which was tossed unceremoniously into the smelliest pit of Middle Earth.I really enjoyed this game (and as a diehard Tolkien fanatic, I was impressed with how seamlessly they blended the events of this game with the actual lore of Middle Earth). Definitely worth a playthrough if you're a LOtR fan! Great combat, excellent voices and audio, intriguing story, fluid controls, and a beautifully crafted, immersive sandbox Mordor make this a great title to help waste away the hours of your day! The DLC was okay, nothing really special or pertinent to the main story, so unless you REALLY want to ride a stealth-oriented Caragor or a Graug with a purging problem (yay vomit attacks!), I would stick with just the core game itself.My only real complaint is that eventually you get too powerful, and the orcs drop about as fast as you get close to them (if you know what you're doing, this is even true of the Captains and Warlords). If you're looking for a challenge, my recommendation is to avoid all health upgrades, don't level your bow, don't use any of the runes, and avoid some of the climactic Execution abilities (like the one that lets you instakill two orcs in a row!). If you do take advantage of all the upgrades this game offers like I did at first, you might find yourself dissatisfied with how easily your enemies fall near the end.:Ash nazg durbatuluk:"
76561198127442753,Recommended,241930,20315185,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,the-OG-KleptoMan,"This game has similar mechanics from Assasin's Creed, but it is worth buying, very worth.I got this when it was for sale and it had all the dlcs along with it. This game is vey action packed and can funny sometimes when the player ends up in an awkward situation with Uruks. A bit of a slow start if you ask me but it snowballs really fast.Only complaint is the ending, find that out for yourself when you buy the game ;)"
,Recommended,241930,20114885,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Xeus,"Nan iChir Gelair MordorMiddle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is an open world action-adventure video game set within Tolkien's legendarium, developed by Monolith Productions and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.holy♥♥♥♥♥♥have i enjoyed every single bit of this game,i'll try to keep this review decently short.GameplayWhile the hack and slash combat is pretty similer to the batman arkham franchise and the parkour is pretty much Assassin creed's,so you would assume this game would be boring,right? yes,to an extent i did get bored of  shadow of mordor's combat BUT the goddamn Nemisis system is what makes this game uniquewhen an enemy kills you he becomes strongerit feels like shadow of mordor defined the rpg genre for this generation,along with witcher 3 and such.StoryWell i've never watched a lord of the rings movie or played a game before SOM so i don't know what the hell is going on but it seems pretty dark and almost grim.GraphicsI'm not really a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ but it's pretty beautiful.Soundtracks and LoreWhen it comes to lore, collectables and their stories SOM is top notch,hell there are even bits of elven language thrown in there, oh boy and the soundtracks,they're amazing! i've never been amazed by such soundtracks and chants since Darksiders 2 which i played 2 years ago.ConclusionShadow of mordor is worth getting but not really worth FULL price,try to grab it when its on sale,especially the GOTY edition."
,Recommended,241930,20016468,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Interactionman,"I'm quite late to the party with this game, but wow I'm so glad I finally got to it. So far it says I've played 8 hours, 7 of that was today. I just want to keep playing, it's so much fun.So many developers claim their game is a ""living breathing world"" so much that it's become a tired old cliche now, but this game is one of if not the first where I've thought that actually seems true. (I don't know if they actually said that about this game, but I am saying it!) The AI is really clever (not perfect, some of those orcs are really stupid!), so much so that when I have run away from a certain 'captain' and then found him again later he has commented on our last encounter and that I ran away. Another managed to kill me, and later when I faced him again commented on me being back from the dead. You can overhear them talking about you, and each other. It really does seem like the world and it's inhabitants are doing their own thing, with their own agendas, regardless of whether you're around or not. The NPCs don't just stand in their spot and wait for you to come and get them. There are so many things to do, lots of combat and load of missions, but also a lot of artifacts and stuff to find in the environment, for those times when you need a break from the action. It's also fun to ride around on one of the beasts and tear around the map eating orcs with it, then jump off and leaving it in the middle of an orc camp where it causes havok so you can sneak in and grab your target while they are distracted.I haven't had this much fun in a game for a long time (probably since Skyrim) and I can't wait to play it again and see what else happens!  :)"
76561198004418880,Recommended,241930,20186221,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zen Syro,Yes I recommend this game but you know what else I recommend? BACKUPING UP YOUR SAVE DATA. The save data glitch is still there even after a year of it being released. 41 hrs down the drain.. fun hrs that I will replay but still it is quite infuriating.
,Recommended,241930,20226920,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sgt.Drezzaye,"Me and my wife are enjoying this game! Its dark, the combat is great and i really enjoy the nemisis system.The best LOTR adaption yet. Just pick it up! It is on it's own level of movie franchise games."
76561197970484290,Recommended,241930,12528217,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,S1STEMAT1C,one of the best game i ever played i coudn't stop playing i really recomended its is a very good pc port with almos 0 bugs i have a gtx 780 and this game runs very good with no lags!gameplay = 10graphics = 9sound = 9replay value = 8
,Recommended,241930,20199288,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Crappyblah,"I've had a lot of fun with this game. There's a decently long story line buried the myriad of sidequests and extracurricular missions scattered about the game world. Definitely enough content to occupy you for a while, especially if you're a completionist like I am."
76561198067954184,Recommended,241930,20195031,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LordCoolioWenis,"Really easy, but super fun."
,Recommended,241930,15645937,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Capitalist Pig,"9/10A great action game. Geat LOTR lore. Great mechanics.PROS- Nemesys system. It's excellent and fun.- Lot of action. I'd say gameplay is like Assassin's Creed, but harder than the first 2 (Only ones I have played)- Lots of Lord of The Rings Lore. You can learn a lot of LOTR Universe.- It's really fun to kill Orcs. But you know what is funnier? To send an orc to kill another orc.CONS- As other have pointed out, the only think you can do in this game, is to kill orcs. In very different ways, but killing is killing. It suffers the same repetitive syndrome as the first Assassin's Creed. Let's hope second part of this game will bring  a variety of things to do, kind of what EA did with Assassin's Creed II.- Really short Main Campaign. You can beat it under 15 hours.TL; DR If you like LOTR and Action games, this is a must buy."
76561198051300751,Recommended,241930,20191811,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lonewolf,"Run, kill, run, kill again! Great game!"
,Recommended,241930,20443985,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Fjelldugg,"About the fact that i love rpg this isnt the most open rpg ive played but that doesnt matter. The game is filled with many oppertunities like the ""main story"" and many side quests. lets look into how the main character fights its incredibly awesome. first when i saw how many sick combinations you could make i were all over the place. and dont forgett how the game uses ''abilities and runes''"
76561198131714658,Recommended,241930,20410097,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Highly Educated Yeet Technician,OMFG GRAPHICSGASMalso nemisis system is pretty cool
76561198053049489,Recommended,241930,19465272,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Valerian Phoenix,Very fun game. Similar to Assassin's Creed in gameplay
,Recommended,241930,19472465,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,PIPE,Good game
,Recommended,241930,19686746,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jak Ovsum Trade,"Okay, I was told I was gonna get to destory a tower, not just any tower, but THE tower.There was no tower. Just a really ugly old guy I beat up with my sword.I feel kind of bad now.Did I miss something? Should I have read some LoTR before playing this? Maybe watched one movie atleast?"
76561198108656705,Recommended,241930,15698009,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,15 Percent More Banana,"The Good: It's a lot of fun to slaughter Orcs and Uruks in so many ways, and hunting specific ones is even better. The open-style world is a bonus as it gives you the freedom to hunt in whatever way you see fit.The Bad: It's a bit repetitive. You pretty much run the same 5 or 6 kinds of missions over and over.I'd recommend this game even if we've all played this kind before. It's fun and the LOTR universe is fun to play in."
76561197992736198,Recommended,241930,12678507,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Greybear,"Good story, intense game with too many video cuts at the wrong time. Still a good game once you get used to the interuptions or the video cut scenes."
76561198020376361,Recommended,241930,19722735,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,JesseJamesZ9,"I can't say I ever really got into the story of the game, I just recently played through it and I still can't remember it.But the gameplay is amazing, it's just fun trying to track down the biggest and meanest bosses in the game only to have your plans ruined by something you didn't account for.I've really enjoyed this game and I'll likely replay it every year or so until something better roles around."
,Recommended,241930,19810617,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,stuarmanha,"I bought the game on discount with all its DLCs and found pretty good value for the money; explore the mordor and kill tons of enemies. While there's very little variance in the missions spread out in the open world, I did enjoy killing the ""major"" members of the orc army. The nemesis system really does make the difference, I found myself to be much more attached on killing the enemies when I knew they've raised among the ranks by killing me, or me helping out with the internal struggles of the orcs. While main quest is not flashy, it was enjoyable enough and did tell a less explored story how the rings came about. Despite not being the greatest looking game (being few years old), I had the HD package and it made the game look pretty good, more than what I desired. Combat relies on the much tried Arkham system, with some variance with the bow, daggers and special abilities unlocked with experience. I played the game with keyboard and mouse, which had its problems. There where myriad of moments where I just couldnt jump-off from a ledge, got stuck while climbing etc. However, in the end, it was a good time sink. Enjoyable, though slightly bland one."
76561198090842950,Recommended,241930,13721197,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Satansloth,fun game. sticks well to the lore. would  highly recomend
76561198071702532,Recommended,241930,20109789,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,stockholmskillen,"really enjoyed this game. Lots of action, nice graphics, big world to explore and ok story."
76561198009812754,Recommended,241930,13233791,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Top_Privilege,Lore: Decent and still maintains CanonGameplay: Fantastic but the quick time stuff can get oldNemesis system: FFFUUUUUCCCKKKKIINNNGGG AMAZEING!!! you will find yourself playing around with just that alone for hours on hours!Ending: Lore wise it was ok but gameplay wise a god dam black mark on an other wise amazeing game
76561198005197202,Recommended,241930,12429717,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Lighbulb,Combines the great combat from the Batman Arkham Asylum series ( I believe they are the same developers) and aspects of the steath/parcour from the Assassin's Creed games. The nemisis system greatly expands the scope of gameplay. This game is well worth 50$.
,Recommended,241930,12322560,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,thatcheeseguy,this game plays like batman arkham city and assasin's creed put together pumped full of medieval steroid potions.
76561198055187833,Recommended,241930,20518880,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,crimsonjackel,"ok, Id like to start out by saying that after seeing all 3 of the original Lord of the Rings trilogy, I was more than a little burnt out on the the whole Middle Earth universe.  My brother obsessed over it and I had more than a few freinds and other family that couldnt get enough of it. I frankly only watched the movies because they seemed well done, but after seeing each one about 5 times, and then another 5 times in their extended forms, I was toast, I couldnt take anymore.  I thought Id never will myself to sit through those films again... and then I dated someone that had to drag me to see the Hobbit movies.....  So yeah, I was totally done with the entire Middle Earth universe..... Until some freind sat me down, and told me, its on sale, you should buy Shadow of Mordor....... I was hesitant to say the least.  Ok, to be honest, he wouldnt stop calling me until I bought it while it was on sale, because he knew that after it wasnt on sale anymore, I would NEVER buy it.So yeah.... I bought it...... and I freakin cant put it down...... Its disgusting how I went from really not enjoying the whole LotR and similar books, and then movies, to being put IN the universe and being encouraged to spend hours running around maiming orcs(ok, I know they are called Uruks, but I dont care, as far as Im concerned they are close enough) there is nothing so gratefying as venting hours of frustration on monsters by sneaking up, and using brutalize on a few dozen enemies, then standing in a sea of orcs and slowly but surely tearing them to peices, only to survive the battle and stand in a sea of blood and destruction....  Yes.... Its official, Im hooked.  I havent really even done many of the quests so much as Im just running around killing whatever I feel like killing.As a game, the game plays a lot like Assassins Creed, only with more opportunity to handle large groups of enemies, and there is a heavier aspect of fantasy going on.  My only issue(but not really a complaint) is that the AI is absolutely terrible.  I mean I know they are uruks/orcs and are therefore just as dumb as you can imagine, but I actually climbed up to a tower, and began calling over litterally 1 dozen enemies, one by one, to the edge of the tower, where I killed them.... brutally, and then proceeded to do the same to all their freinds..... Not really complaining because if played right, it makes killing things so much more entertaining and relaxing, but still, the game creators might take note, and have an alternate difficulty rating where the AI gets a lot harder to fool, and monsters are more likely to hear their buddies getting ganked.Still.... 9/10, one of the best games Ive played in 2015, well done folks!  Add an improved version to the AI and it would be perfect."
76561198156729241,Recommended,241930,20498665,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Hornyskunk,8/10
76561198051090212,Recommended,241930,19873343,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Trumplodyte,"Quality hack and slash accompanied by high-quality graphical fidelity. Innovative enemy hiearchy system that will likely pop up in many other games in the future. Lots here for LOTR fans. One small quibble is the game does get somewhat repetitive in what it ask of you, with respect to quest and the like. Having said that this is an easy recommendation for action and LOTR fans.7.8/10"
,Recommended,241930,20327407,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,GINDIAN,Wait for the sales defiantly worth buying has so much detaail and relly fun combat system.
76561198055333606,Recommended,241930,18316384,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,YAgottabeJoking,good
,Recommended,241930,20548015,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,saccizord,best orc killing simulator out there
,Recommended,241930,20601334,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,HazardS40,"Excellent story beautifully mended with an outstanding combat system.Kind of a mix between Assassin's Creed and the Batman, Arkham Asylum series."
,Recommended,241930,19136539,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Pandamonium,"An amazing game. I was starting to get tired of games similar to AC, but SoM was amazing even with the similarities."
76561197965361589,Recommended,241930,12437950,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Psymon²,"It doesn't do a great job of explaining the mechanics early on, leading to lots of confusion and death, but it's so enjoyable to keep playing and experiment that you work it all out and just have fun for as long as you want."
,Recommended,241930,19180201,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,JUice!,"Slit and twists a Uruk's neck while his buddy was telling a story right next to him, doesn't notice. 10/10 AI"
76561197969738769,Recommended,241930,18738297,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Iconix,"Cool setting, cool story, great graphics, amazing free-flow combat.  10/10 would decapitate orcs again."
,Recommended,241930,16376049,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Aziddy,EPIC!!!9.5/10-HD Graphic-Overwhelming combat fighting-Thrill on the hunt-Fighting through the Dark lord's Army
76561198017699322,Recommended,241930,14203188,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Insufferable Smartypants,"More sophisticated controls than the Assassin's Creed series, and better combat.The Nemesis system really changes the game.  There's nothing quite like having a particular orc tracking *you* while you're on the hunt, or crossing blades with an orc that remembers all the times you've set him on fire, and he hates you all the more for it.Excellent game.  I only wish that it were longer."
76561198131132151,Recommended,241930,12342000,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Sam,"Great Game, worth the money."
76561198033510660,Recommended,241930,18650294,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bruchko,"If you love the Lord of the Rings lore, the references to the Silmarillion will definitely bewitch your inner nerd. That aside, the combat flows like orc blood down Aragorn's sword, the plot is as convoluted as Gandalf's beard (when he was still Gandalf the Grey), and by the time you are done playing this game your fingers will be worn down to nubs shorter than Sam's attention span when he is around Mr. Frodo!"
,Recommended,241930,28655389,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ObiJuan,"SHADOW OF ARKHAM'S CREED ...I'm sure that I'm not the first person to point out how much this games plays like a mash-uo of the Arkham and Assassin's Creeds games, just set in Middle Earth.  That's not a knock on the game at all, though (at least in my book).  If you liked those series (and most people did), you're going to like this game.  Period.That's not to say there is nothing original.  The nemesis system, for example, is quite fun, especially when defeated foes come back at exactly the worst possible time.  I was running a mission to defeat a pretty tough dude (for my level at the time).  There I am slowly wearing him down, trying to pick off his elite guard, dodging hurled spears ... and two other orc captains show up for revenge.  What was already tough fight suddenly because hilarious and insane.The open world is also quite nice.  Sure, there are tons of side missions ... but never underestimate the sheer joy of just walking around the countryside at random, clearning out camps and strongholds on a whim.  There's something deeply satisfying about picking off archers from a distance, stealth killing your way around a small encampment, or just walking brashly into the middle of twenty-thirty orcs, and emerging victories several minutes later.  On a side note, this makes it a game that can still be very rewarding in 15-30 min segments, if that's all you can manage on a particular evening.If you're still not sold, this game is on sale quite a bit.  I got the whole GOTY shabang for $10.  That makes it one of my biggest steals in years.Finally, if you don't buy it, all the hobbits will die."
,Recommended,241930,17860088,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Azasel,Anyone els remember Two Towers the game on xbox a while back? This reminds me of that it plays like the batman/ac games a bit more on the batman if you ask me with the hit streaks and controls. Also it ran flawless for me right away no screen tearing or shuttering.
,Recommended,241930,13865791,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,messtradiol,This game is incredibly stupid.
76561198081413620,Recommended,241930,18804188,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Medan007,Pros:Beautiful combatDecent voice actingSolid story linegreat animationsthe enemy army system is unique and wonderfulCons:Kind of a small world for a AAA open world gameSide quests are repetitive
,Recommended,241930,30509887,Posted: 14 March,all,E-Onë,keep it low.. worth to buy
,Recommended,241930,13707470,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,R4NC1D,"By Gods, It's like Ezio had a love child with Frodo and birthed this wonderful creation.Epic powers,an Open World experience of Mordor,Stealth,The ability to endlessly battle against Sauron's armies,Unlock incredible secrets and History as you explore and battle through the vastness of Morder,"
,Recommended,241930,19022479,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,mikeben147,Great game! would recomend getting with the dlc on sale.Repetitive fighting but the story is great.Good visuals and nice progression system.Would recommend. 9/10
76561197995203351,Recommended,241930,19096355,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Darkempp,Just got the game of the year addition for 17$ ... Its worth it.
76561198055300822,Recommended,241930,19206830,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,gpserran8,"Now, what can I say?CONS:- You have to perform (lots of) rather similar missions in order to get runes, abilities and tier points (and it is essential that you do so);- I didn´t like to see what happened to Talion in the very beginning of the game.- no quick save - quick load feature: you have to deal with the consequences of your acts (much like real life)PROS:- It´s Middle-earth;- You play as a badass ranger, like Strider (a.k.a. Aragorn)-  You can use a sword, a bow or a dagger- You get to hunt a lot (I mean a lot) of orcs- You get to kill a lot (I mean a lot) of orcs- Ypu get to even control orcs- You get to ride Caragors (Warg-like animals)- You get to ride Graugs (cave troll-like animals)- Lots of side missions- Mordor atmosphere- You have to be cunning- You have to be ferocious- You have to use strategy- You have to know your enemy´s army- You have to be as stealth and as parkour as Assassin´s Creed- You have to be as♥♥♥♥♥kicking as Arkham series Batman- You can use the powers of a Wraith (drain, brand, shadow kill, etc.) while dwelling in the Shadow realm (remember when Frodo wore the Ring?)- Challenging: when you die, the guy that killed you mocks you in the face and gets stronger- Compelling storyline based on pre-LOTR eventsHINTS (there are lots of them, I ´ll stick with two):- In the beginning (and throughout the game), if you are losing a battle (you will hear your own heart beat), just run. No shame in living to fight another day. Simply run away, until you find one of the many weeds that will replenish your health. This is very important.- Later in the game, you will be required to brand (control) warchiefs. For that, it is advisable to kill the captain(s) that guard each one of them. My hint is: instead if killing them, BRAND them as well, because they can help you in the figth and, in the event you kill the Warchief by accident (it happens in the heat of battle, when you have to get him weak; if you kill him when you´re supposed to brand him, another one will take his place, and you will have to start over), the captain you have previously branded will take his place and, as he is already branded, you won´t have to research / hunt / fight another Warchief all over again.Long story short, as Aragorn would say:Let´s hunt some orc.;)"
,Recommended,241930,22705605,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mormegil,Always happy to go back to Middle Earth! Great game!
76561198132460260,Recommended,241930,18484673,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,PrinceAWPERsia,"Nothing to say apart from it is the best game I have played so far. Great graphic, Gorgeous gameplay !!"
,Recommended,241930,18961001,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,euqil,"It's fun, though the ending is abrupt to say the least...Worth a discount price of 15EUR with all DLCs, definitely not worth the original price, it gets a bit too much of the same thing..."
,Recommended,241930,15260410,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,PREY,My GOTY 2014.
,Recommended,241930,19277643,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Meccaflare0,Pro's:Fun gameplay (mix of batman and assassin's creed.Nemesis systemDificulty curveGreat cut scenesCons:At times lacking of context of story.Too few cut scenesOverall I highly recommend this game if your a fan of Batman type gameplay
,Recommended,241930,30628978,Posted: 19 March,all,V_esta,After spending alot of time playing this game and i would give it a solid 8 out of 10
,Recommended,241930,15564024,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ilgoth,"What can I say? Finally we have a modern video game holding Lord Of The Rings IP, which is worth playing! This game is a must own for pretty much any gamer out there.I love the gameplay, It feels smooth and you really get into the character, regardless of the pretty all-out start of the story cinematic in the beginning. Combat is very similiar with AC and Batman franchise, so most of you will get in fast with the game. Combat is great, it's fun, it looks great and I love the variation in moves our character Talion holds. Also there are few approaches to combat and you can go for your own combat style and improve Talion alongside your style. It's great.Nemesis system is absolute killer and makes the true fun for the game. I love watching how Orc captains and warchiefs rise in ranks, fight each other. I love the fact that I can become a kingmaker and intervene a duel between captains, make one of them run away and spare his life, while I slay the other.Side missions are fun and I think the medium length is well-thought per mission.Exploring is fun, but I think there could be slight improvement in this regard, but this is just nit-picking.Final verdict: no severe bugs, lot things to do, nice features and all settings customisable to your liking. Must own game, buy it now when it is very cheap for the next 24hours!"
,Recommended,241930,20101047,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ComputerDruid,Do you like lord of the rings? Do you like assassin's creed? Have you heard of the creed of the ring of lord-assassins?Play this game.
,Recommended,241930,12414922,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Nuggetahkiin,"Lore-friendly ""as well as it can be without Tom Bombadil #Yellowboots4dayz""Slick animations and epic graphics definately not one for LotR fands to miss"
76561198147459264,Recommended,241930,13239766,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,G.O.A.T.,5/5 suosittelen
76561198077025018,Recommended,241930,12424498,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"TLDR: It is beyond phenomenal. My personal GOTY RPG for 2014.BACKGROUND & SYNOPSIS:This game builds upon the lore that Tolkien cemeted in history with his literature, while also adopting the dark, gritty atmosphere Jackson gave us with his cinematic adaptations. It is truly the best of both worlds combined. The story takes place in between The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings stories, so there is no trek to Mount Doom to destroy the One Ring - it is an all new experience. ME:SOM is a sandbox RPG with hack and slash fighting mechanics. The map is about as big as Arkham City, with your character being able to expertly maneuver around it with Assassin's Creed-like parkour. The setting of the game takes place in and around Mordor, not the entire Middle-Earth. That is an important point that many have missed upon purchase. You take control of a mortal Ranger named Talion, who after an immense tragedy has been banished from death. Unable to cross over into the otherworld, he forms an unlikely alliance with an Elven Wraith by the name of Celebrimbor, who along with no recollection of his previous life, also bears the same curse. Together you explore the Land of Mordor, recovering abandoned Forge Towers to act as your ""Home Base"". Each new tower recovered unlocks the map for that section, and thus allows you to fast travel between towers. Each story mission completed recovers new memories for Celebrimbor, and unlocks new abilites in your skill tree for Talion to master. Both Ranger and Wraith abilities are attainable.ENEMIES & EXAMPLE OF THE NEMESIS SYSTEM:The primary enemy encountered are Uruk's of all different sizes and features. The Uruk society functions with an entire militaristic ranking system consistently playing out while in-game. Everyone starts off as level 1 Grunts, except for the already established Captain and Warchiefs. If you are slain in battle, the Uruk who slayed you gets a promotion and gains a power level. This opens up multiple scenarios that can play out - one being the now level 2 Uruk gets promoted to Captain, but there are no available slots in Sauron's army..so he challenges a higher level Captain to a duel. More than likely the higher level wins, and the scum who just got promoted dies - permitting the victor Uruk to gain a power level. Each Uruk Captain has their own resistances and weaknesses, which can be exposed by beating another Captain to a pulp and interrogating him for another Captain's information. The ability to possess the mind of an Uruk develops as the game does, eventually giving Talion the ability to brand an Uruk, bringing them to your side to fight for you and betray their Uruk bretheren. This also opens up multiple possible scenarios for the battlefield.Other enemies include Caragors - four legged beasts that you can let loose on societies or tame to ride into battle on; Ghuls - deformed Elves that live in dark underground caves and can spit acid; and Graugs - giant amphibious trolls that terrorize land and water, you can tame and ride these into battle as well.Depending on how you play your game, the main campaign may take you anywhere from around 10 to 30 hours to complete. However you can get almost endless hours in if you are a completionist and you do all of the side missions, challenges, artifact gathering, monster hunting as well as just playing around with The Nemesis system - there are plenty of activities to do and two whole maps to do them on. Currently I have logged 60 hours into the game and have only completed roughly 35% of the main story.There are other game modes included if you purchase the season pass, including: Guardians of the Flaming Eye Exclusive Warband Mission; Trials of War Challenge Series: Play 4 challenge modes - Test of Power, Test of Speed, Test of Wisdom and the Endless challenge; Lord of the Hunt Story Mission; The Bright Lord Story Mission; and future content."
76561198091863524,Recommended,241930,12385017,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Meticulusly,"Excellent game.  Main story is a bit short, but again, main story is not what makes this game extremely fun to play."
,Recommended,241930,14214575,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ToastedToaster,"The gameplay is pretty similar to Batman. It's very fun and not boring. The game might be hard at first but it'll get a little easier as you are familiar with the  game. It took me 20 hours of gameplay to finish the story and that is with exploration and doing the sidequest. The sidequest can get repetitive but its amazing how they have different settings or different ways to do the quesnt even tho you are using either only a sword, knife and bows (I'm not talking about the power struggle quests). I think its because of they gameplay itself. The story was quite good actualy,*SPOILER ALERT*Discovering the story of Calebrimor the ring maker or the wraith inside your body was pretty fun and the mini boss battle that you encounter after going deep into a cave or sneaking trough the orc stronghold  to find the ""left overs"" of Calebrimor's past was really fun compelling*END OF SPOILER*This game is pretty much similar to other games or you can say this game is a mix betwen Batman and Assassin's Creed in terms of gameplay. But what makes it unique?THE NEMESIS SYSTEM: this is a cool new system that is added to this game. Basically it give the orc or uruk captains and warchiefs different personality and the voice acting is very well done on those orcs and uruks.My only complaint is that the story and map is too short and small for a 40 GB game. also the last boss fight was a joke and dissapointing !-_-The only bossfight that i enjoy truly was the first boss ""the Hammer Guy"".Final Verdict : 9/10"
76561198063124925,Recommended,241930,13066156,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,NoobaJooba,Yep
,Recommended,241930,12452396,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Grenader24,This is a game along the likes of Asassins Creed.  Great game with good graphics and unpredictible encounters. I have begun to hate the challenges that come forth when you cross swords with a major enemy. They should implement an option to only have  challenge encounters with major bosses instead of  low ranking people. Fighting is fun and the autosave is awsome. Love that whoever kills you gains status.Graphics    10/10Story          8/10Gameplay  9.6/10Replayability  10/10
76561197968508646,Recommended,241930,12871703,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,FingerMeElmo,Great game and story line.  It actually got me into the LoTR lore a little bit.  Solid kills sceans.  I beat it in 20 hours of game play with all of the side missions as well so its really short.
76561198051101409,Recommended,241930,14907578,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Aluren,Great game /o/
,Recommended,241930,14481682,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,WereCoffeeDog!,"One of the best Assassin's Creed games of recent years.The Nemesis system is very fantastic, the orcs are fantastic, manipulating enemies to fight for you is fantastic.The protagonist is very bland and the game is very easy if you do what I did and do all the side missions asap.However I would give this game fun/10 would recommend."
76561198054438418,Recommended,241930,12362662,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,mercenaryai,"Very fun open-world sandbox, with good combat system (very similar to Batman Arkham series). The Nemesis system is really good and adds variety and long-term strategies to have fun with.Recommended!"
76561197994230150,Recommended,241930,12856412,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Nony,"Not my usual genre of game, my knowledge of 3rd person fighting games is limited but the open world and the ""Nemesis system"" intrigued me. Being able to set traps, sow fear and plan ahead for raids on the different Captains and Warchiefs made this game a must buy even though I do not usually play these type of games.I was not disapointed, you set the stage for all types of creative gameplay and make your own particular brand of fun within the world."
76561198061622473,Recommended,241930,14125765,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,XxXShonoXxX,One of the best games i ever played
,Recommended,241930,13780615,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,A Beer,"PROS:Good blend of Batman Arkham combat and Assassin's Creed open-world questing, nemesis system sets it apart from those games...perfect amount of content without feeling bloated/padded or consolidated too muchVery high quality graphics with good performance scaling (advanced options screen actually has explanations of what each adjustment does, which is a nice bonus), cinematics, sound design, voice acting...all around superb production valueCONS:No multi-gpu support (SLI/Crossfire) as of this review, 3 months after release which is pretty lame...highest texture quality requires 6GB(!!!) of VRAM on your primary card so multi-gpu support wouldn't help with that anyway...despite all this, game still ran just fine on my R9 290 with High quality textures, FXAA with motion blur @ 1920x1200, even during intense action so this is mainly a minor annoyanceINTENSE swings in mouse sensitivity/acceleration (particularly while stealthing/crouching) that is supposedly tied to framerates and sync with monitor Hz, possibly also with the motion blur...overall this game is pretty great for a console port but this seems to be one of the unavoidable compromises*possible spoiler* the last two boss fights with the Tower and the Black Hand are extremely disappointing and brief and this game uses very lazy QTE mechanics in all the parts that you are fully expecting to be the most difficultoverall this is going to make a lot of folks' Top 10 for 2014 lists and i feel it's well deserved, definitely worth whatever price it's being sold for"
,Recommended,241930,12379698,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,OwlStretcher,"Don't expect this to be a canonical telling set in Tolkiens famous universe. DO expect it to be a solid GAME with mechanics that mesh well and play fluently. If you like the combat from the Batman games, and the climbing and controls of Assassins Creed you will certainly enjoy this game."
,Recommended,241930,13188226,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Master Cream Blaster,"Great game,Very much like assassins creed...Expansion packs (DLC's) Make the game worse IMO"
,Recommended,241930,12335703,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Screaming Slave,The best Assassin's Creed I've ever played 10/10.
76561198009455624,Recommended,241930,12354019,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,[Nightmare] Deathstorm,the game mechanics and grafix are amazing. i say this game is a must have for a fan of rpg's. only downside is the world seems quite small atm but im only 15 hrs in. The grafix deffenatly make up for small map though
,Recommended,241930,12325121,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,BluEyEdChIroN,My new favorite game. Simply amazing.
,Recommended,241930,12363448,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,|| Kistna ||,"I just finished the story of the game so i thought i would write a reviewYes i recommend this game for sure, i've sunk 20+ hours in the last couple days into it. As everyone says it is a mix of assassians creed and Batman. The cinematics were amazing and the story line for this game is amazing to, I'm currently waiting on my friend to get  to a point in the game so his mind will explode ( Finding out who the wraith is).Pros- Story Line- The quality of the game and the soundtrack is amazing- Heaps of sidequests to do (which i feel like you have to do, since you need M points)- Combat system is amazing, choosing to go loud and rush in or be sneaky and tactically kill orc's one by one- The nemesis system, having to identify the captains and the warlords and to make things easy get intel on the enemy to make the kill easier. Orc's moving up  in the ranks if they were apart of your death, them battling each other to get promoted is such a inovative system which i feel will be implemented in many games from now on- Being able to ride beasts and create a army of beasts to help destory a pack of orc's- The executes and stealth kills are amazingly brutal.Cons- The final boss fights are really easy with one being a quick time event and the other being a simple mechanic you learn early on- Trying to pick off one captain or boss can result in 4 or 5 others ""bosses""  fighitng you at the same time, which when just starting off in the game is very anoyying.- The advertised controlling your own orc's/army is only at the end where that was one of the things i wanted to do from the start-  Skill selection is forced and you can't dive into one skill ( Archer, Swordsman, Assassian). So you are forced into doing all 3.- Don't see this game as a massive replayability game, Well not to be replayed right after but maybe in a few monthsNeutral- The Combat system seems a tad to repetitive and spamable but this is like most game of this type.( spam clicking)- The nemesis system gets to the point when entering the second map where i just couldn't be bothered identifying and kill the lower ranks unless they had connections to the warlords- unlocking the major abilitys near the end meant that i could spam execute and spam stealth kill which was used to kill the first boss ( The hammer) aka op abilities.At the end of the day i would recommend this game to anyone that either enjoys games like assassians creed or just enjoys lord of the rings.The story alone is worth buying this game, The graphics and music make you so immersed in the game and it 100% feels like a lotr game.8/10"
,Recommended,241930,12371124,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Skyl3lazer,"I'm absolutely floored by this game. If Divinity was the best RPG of this year, then this is the best Hack'n'Slash. It's what AssCreed would love to be, and what Batman couldn't."
76561198051365134,Recommended,241930,12343654,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,zzugg,Amazing
,Recommended,241930,12356084,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,The Juice is Luice,ITS GOOD
,Recommended,241930,12380025,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Wildy,Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing great
76561198025239222,Recommended,241930,12315971,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,FishMonger,"Like Arkham, but lot less heads.10/10"
76561198043732941,Recommended,241930,12358161,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Zhador,"A lot of fun, great atmosphere and music"
,Recommended,241930,12313949,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,DagDurnick,"I've only scratched the oozing, bubbling surface of this open world game and I forsee many hours being spent skulking through the ashlands of Mordor.  The combat is intuitive and fun, if not a little easy at times, and the climbing and running about the world are accomplished easily.  Your enemies have a lot of personality and someone took great care in developing each one into its own persona.The rune and stats upgrade screens are a little too small and unwieldy, as are a lot of the menu screens, which may be a result of the console port.It's almost like a nice meaty sandwich with high quality meats and cheese - stuffed between two pieces of generic bread.  The story cutscenes are beautiful, but you don't really have the connection with the characters and the plot just doesn't seem to stick.Outside of this, I see a future where much black Orc blood will be shed!"
76561198036964799,Recommended,241930,12311439,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Keveris,This game is so far my favorite this year! Its supper challenging and if your looking for a casual game this may not be the one for you. It gets more difficult the more times you die which is a little hair pulling at times but gives a real good self of accomplishment when you kill a warchief youve been trying to kill for the past hour! All in all it is a fun game with awesome new lore to the tolken universe
,Recommended,241930,12340444,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,[TXB] Trevalyan,"I was prepared to thoroughly dislike this game as an AC clone for a dying franchise. I've never been more wrong- this game invigorates Middle Earth in a canon-friendly way. Many of the reviews against the story are badly off base, and here's why.While the game starts with your wife and son being slaughtered, hints are dropped throughout the game that this isn't simply a revenge fantasy. Listen to the loading screens early on: your wife is arguing with her father about a nobleman you supposedly killed. She promises to turn herself in for murder if he insists that you face justice. The question of leaving the wall and going into hiding is one your wife broaches with you- trying to put your family above your duty. I keep thinking about this when I wonder about my quest: about what my quest for revenge will cause me to sink to. Enemy characters, from lowly orcs to mighty human boss characters, gloatingly ask me if my vengeance tastes good even as I strike them down, and they warn me that Sauron's dominion can't be stopped. I thought this was simple posturing at the time, but now I wonder- I'm wielding the devil's toys, how much longer until I take up a sword in his name? (Thanks to XCOM and Reverend Fuller for that idea.)Graphically, the game looks quite nice even on a mid-level laptop. It's almost wrong how nice the blasted land of Mordor appears: but when I get to the second half of green fields and slick cliffs, the game really gets to show off a palette you don't see in the stereotypical Brown World of modern fantasy gaming. Gameplay wise, you -feel- like a badass increasingly empowered by magical powers, so much so that it's truly tempting to stop thinking about the costs. You have a brilliant variety of ways to kill enemies, and you'll be needing them. Unlike AC, where frequently simple counters are all it takes to completely slaughter enemies and win fights, here there's no shortage of fun ways to kill evil orcs. You can fill enemies with arrows, stealthily murder them, tear them to pieces to intimidate their allies, blast them apart with explosive drums... It's Dishonored without the temptation to go Low Chaos, and it's the best power fantasy on the market.No review of this game is complete without a personal story about the Nemesis system, so here's mine. Early on against Dugha Archer Trainer, I faced an enemy with every immunity in the book. Ranged, Stealth, even Combat. When I tried to unleash a Caragor to kill him, he managed to get away- and the next time, I groaned in frustration when I realized he had become immune to Monster attacks as well. My best hope was to stalk him down while he was surrounded by a swarm of Ghuls on a hunting mission. Unfortunately, his only remaining vulnerability was fire, and without Fire Arrows I was reduced to throwing daggers with an epic rune on them, hoping one would cause him to burst into flames even as he beat the Ghuls into paste with his crossbow butt. No such luck, and no convenient fires to lure him into. I had to run like a little girl before he annihilated me with his murder crossbow- AGAIN- and it's only by a slim chance that I managed to lure him into a fire on a later mission. I was even more impressed with him than with the actual boss of the first act, who I spent a lot less time trying to defeat. SoM could do VERY well tracking player deaths and recording the stats of orcs that manage to kill them twice: I still regret not having a shot of Dugha to show people.In conclusion, believe the hype. This is what Asassin's Creed wants to be when it grows up, an action fantasy with deep themes of revenge, corruption, and loss. If you're a Tolkien fan, or even if you're not, you will love the callbacks to famous villains as the story progresses: you are a good man who is doing increasingly questionable things, and how you respond will say a lot about you as a person. Game of the Year, no question at all."
76561197970344413,Recommended,241930,12315396,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,frag,"Fantastic game, combat evolves in a expansive manner making combat fun throughout the game.  The store and the open end adventure is cohesive, well scripted, well voice acted, gfx are nice, death is brutal, combinations are rewarding, rune system with the abilities is a win.Its a cross between ACII x Batman x AARPG :) fun fun fun.. Where AC2 felt too repetitive the rewards in this game manage to overcome that... :)  plenty of hours of gameplay and for once I actually enjoy all the sidemissions"
76561198034512951,Recommended,241930,12355395,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Parzival,"In just three days, this has probably become one of my favourite games. Some might call the gameplay repetitive but for some reason, even though ive probably killed thousands of orcs, I never get tired of doing this. Every kill is exciting for some unexplainable reason. This game is fun, very fun and was completly worth the money spent."
76561198009391843,Recommended,241930,12327333,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Spaghett,"Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor is one of the few games now a days that is worth every penny spent. The combat; fluid. The story telling; dymanic. But above all, it brings forth a sense of duty, and also a sense of anger. The game ocassionally makes you question if you are any different from the Uruks themselves, filled with anger, hate, and above all, striving for power. The game is very well done and is very playable even without a controller. Even not strong Lord of the Rings fans will find comfort in the fluid game dynamics, combat, and countless hours of things to do. You can spend the first 5 hours with out even completing the 1st mission. Make this an item on your next purchase list."
76561198046488857,Recommended,241930,12356922,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,United,"Pretty sweet game. Great story. Mechanics are on par. Have graphics on full blast and no problems. Haven't had a glitch yet. Worth the money. I like playing multi-player mostly, but this was a very nice change.If you like Assasins Creed play style and like the Lord of the Rings/Hobbit lore, then this game is for you. This game takes place before the Hobbit.About 25 hours in and have almost collected everything and most of the side mission are done. More content would be nice.Anyway, this game is worth the $49.99.  Pick it up, install it and go brand some orcs."
76561198029110766,Recommended,241930,12319618,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Icyfinger,"Amazing game,smooth gameplay and nice story so far.Played for 11 hours and its just half of the game,totally worth the money!"
76561198152857996,Recommended,241930,12317325,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Zhyrs,From the little i have played this game has lived up to my expectations from the past 6 months.Amazing Game im a huge tolkin fan they hit the nail on the head completely with this game 10/10!!!!Hope they will make more tolkin games in the future
,Recommended,241930,12372240,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Lloye,"GET THIS GAME!!!  Picture the batman series fighting style, located in Skyrim, and combine it with your already vast love for the LOTR lore,  then take all the GREAT parts of tombraider and put them in there...  THAT is Shadow of Mordor. 9/10"
,Recommended,241930,12401628,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Emjay,"I would highly recommend buying this game if you are a fan of the Batman ""Arkham"" series or even Assassins Creed.Whilst I use those as gauges to which I recommend it is worth noting that this game isn't necessarily THAT similar. There is the same movement as in Assassins Creed and the same combat system from Batman but thats likely it. Those two features I might add are very worth re-doing in other games, they are mechanics that work so why not reuse?The story is pretty nice and it all takes place between the books/films of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. It has a lot of nice nods to certain parts of lore and some of the moments in-game are just incredible if your a fan of the series.The nemesis system and Orc politics that is tied into it is another amazing mechanic that they have created themselves and I truely hope that people use it in other games in future. Its just amazing how the enemy will not only remember you but how accurately they will. The Orc captains will also gain scars and other deformations regarding your previous engagement (if you dont behead them that is). An example being an Orc may return with burns if you burnt them or so on, its epic.Also the other orcs have little chatter moments which can be amusing, especially when they are moments that included you. I once heard an orc bragging to another (these are standard orcs not captains or higher) about how they got me to run away, safe to say I had to finish him off for that!Definately buy it if any of the above sounds good to you.Well worth the price and quite possibly GOTY!9/10"
76561198238314892,Recommended,241930,20637180,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,DO,"Very good action scenes with a excelent story from the lovely ""middle earth"" it might sound a bit expensive but it is worth it. One of my favourite games of all times"
,Recommended,241930,13331693,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Mironis,"Great LOTR game with interesting new game-mechanics, like genesis system. The game looks beutiful and is full with interesting LOTR lore. I would recomend this game if you are a fan of LOTR or you like fantasy action games in general."
76561198061234541,Recommended,241930,12402395,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Amy Schumer isn't funny,"Has the fight style of batman and the stealth based gameplay of assasin's creed. Overall this game is very well put together and after 4.6 hours I still havent done the third mission and am still having fun♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥around. Also Ratbag Is Best Orc Eu, don't hate or I'll slash u ye?"
76561198084922532,Recommended,241930,13264866,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,The Great Spaghett,Shadow of Morder is a fantastic game for its type. Much better than any assasins creed you oblitterate uruks in the most brutal way ever. Very well combat to go with mindblowing stealth makes a legend.
76561198131783870,Recommended,241930,17651303,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Respawn,"Stabbed a orc in the face. Turns out i did't kill him he came back exptremly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Beat him again stabbing him again.Comes back again with metal plates on his face. This time i throw him into a fire.Guess what (oh come on just die) he's still alive, but this time just wearing rags over his head to cover his horrably deformed face. He become's warchief make all his bodyguards my minions. Finally finish him off by personally cutting off his head. Best rival ever, and i vow to alwys rember the name......Um.... well he will be missed."
76561198007151714,Recommended,241930,12423996,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MT519,Great Game from start to finish can't wait for  DLC!!
,Recommended,241930,12487478,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,NighthawkBNE,"This would have to be possibly one of the most enjoyable Lord of the Rings games I've played.  Is it perfect?  No, it's not but it's great at what it's meant to be I think.  It's a fast paced combat game with a variety of combat centric missions, almost like ghost sniper and some of those games but with hand to hand combat as well like Assassin's Creed or Batman.Some have said you need a controller, for me I'd say don't bother keyboard and mouse are fine.Graphically this game is as amazing as they say, especially if you have the hardware to run it at max and if you enjoy killing orcs, well enough said go and buy it already.So what's not so great?  The combat at times seems a little unresponsive, there are times you have pressed a key and it doesn't register and you die, this isn't very often so it's liveable.  The camera can do some strange things if you fight in confined spaces, but that's not a problem that's unique to this game.  The missions can be kind of repetitve, there's only so many variations after all, but I didn't mind that and enjoyed the variety each 'boss' offered.The whole nemesis system was great.  I love that you don't get a penalty for dying, rather your enemies get a boost in strength for having killed you.  I also liked how they remembered you and the dialogue a lot of fun.Some have said this game is short, too short for a full priced game.  I'd have to disagree, I've got over 20 hours into it already and haven't finished it yet, Tomb Raider took me about 20hrs on the first play through (yes it can be done quicker I know), so I'd say this compares well."
,Recommended,241930,12380793,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Jesp,"I'm sure you've heard people compare this game to the Arkham games, Assassin's Creed and all of that. There is no doubt it's ""inspired"" gameplay-wise by other games, but after playing this game I fail to see how that's a bad thing.The story is a pretty straight forward revenge-trumps-all revenge plot from beginning to end, where the main character experiences a big loss at the hands of some bad guys. It does have the aspect where an ancient elf ghost of sorts offers to help him on his way by giving him supernatural powers and in return the main character helps the elf find out more about his past, however. I was still not that engaged with the story, and the ending was... pretty underwhelming to say the least in my eyes.The gameplay is... well, it's an Arkham game with swords so lethal and brutal that Batman would certainly not approve. The free-flowing combat system where you slide between enemies to build your combo so you can unleash special attacks works as well as it did in Batman from my view, and the animation quality is pretty superb during all of it. It has the Arkham archetype when it comes to enemies as well, with everything from puny grunts to ranged specialists and big brutes you either have to hit in the back or stun before you can attack them. It's functional, satisfying and FUN! The stealth system is pretty basic with stealth takedowns and ""attention icons"" over the enemies' heads to let you know how suspicious they are, and you can indeed run away and come back when they calm down.The Nemesis system was hyped up pretty massively, and I feel like it works pretty well as a first dip into it. Including the normal enemies, you can also run into (or hunt) captains and warchiefs (even though even these guys are one of the ""normal"" enemy classes, for reasons that will be obvious soon) These guys are stronger and they have strengths and weaknesses. You'll meet the captain that counters all your finishing moves and can't be hurt by ranged attacks that can be instantly stealth killed if you sneak up on him. You'll meet the captain that takes damage from most attacks but can't be insta-killed, but is terrified by certain animals and becomes a clumsy little baby when he sees one... the list goes on, and there's a lot of combinations here! The warchiefs also often have captains as their bodyguards, so going for them often turns into a huge brawl.The mention of obvious reasons why these mini-boss enemies follow the normal classes is because a random grunt that gets the killing blow on you can over time rise through the ranks and become the next warchief. This game makes death both interesting and a tool at your disposal if you want to play around with the enemy officers, who constantly fight eachother and try to increase their influence. You gain the ability to ""brand"" them eventually, which lets you control them and decide their decisions. Is that warchief really giving you trouble? Seek out his 5 bodyguards and brand them, then turn them against him when you confront him again! It's all pretty fun even if it is somewhat limited, especially if you're like me and you enjoy manipulating game worlds and enemies. You should also try letting a random Uruk kill you and then indirectly protect him all the way to warchief rank simply by helping him in his trials, but not branding him... pretty sure that's an achievement, actually. And oh, they will remember if they killed you or you did something mean like burn them, and they will make sure to say it to you when you fight them again as well.I will admit that to many the game will probably turn a bit repetitive. The combat is fun, but once you get all your upgrades it does turn a bit easy. Get a 5 hit streak, decapitate two enemies, then repeat. If you want a bigger challenge you might want to consider limiting your upgrades, or maybe limiting how many health upgrades you get. The nemesis system does help quite a bit as you can jump in even after the story is done and make some riots happen, and a big messy brawl is never far away. That is most of the game though, it's a sandbox that in the end comes down to violently murdering Uruks no matter how you look at it. Or making them kill eachother on your behalf, but still counts!I had plenty of fun with it and I'm sure I'll enjoy toying with the Nemesis system for a while still, but just be aware that if you want a big amount of variety in the in-game activities it might lack here. But if you love the free-flow combat system of the Arkham games the potential repetitiveness is probably a good thing, as there's a lot of brawls to be had."
,Recommended,241930,17302117,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Gay Chris Hansen,got this on my PS3 and beat it got it for my mac NO REGRETS ♥♥♥♥♥ES!
,Recommended,241930,16396885,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Doc Babymuncher,i was playing and saw gollum runing around while doing a bow challange i shot him and the game crashed 10/10
,Recommended,241930,12362695,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ArcticDuck,"I came into the game with no expetations. And I was blown away! The story is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ but other than that, graphcis, world and combat system is all very good. Voice acting helps the story, but it feels incomplete and I barely remember what happend. But other than that I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a Lord Of The Rings fan or enjoys the Assassins Creed / Batman Arkham games.Overall[/b]8.5/10Buy it!"
,Recommended,241930,14859489,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Shere Khan,"This game is quite possibly one of the best games I have ever played. I cannot say enough about this game.  The story was absolutely amazing.  The graphics are second to none.  The sound and music are stellar.  The developers did one heck of a job on this one.  I recommend picking up the 2 story DLC's as well to round it out.   If you play one game this year...make it this one.I am extremely hopeful that they are able to perhaps make a second game out of this.  I know it wasn't heavily marketed, but I can't say enough about this game."
,Recommended,241930,15575105,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,<Md>Champu,Orc killing simulator - fun fun fun
,Recommended,241930,13641707,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Zyklone,This game is the awesome
,Recommended,241930,12441281,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Heroe,"I, as a huge fan of LOTR in general, am extremly pleased with just running around killing orcs in every way possible. Add the Nemesis-system, a skill tree, a few side quests and some collectibles and i'm sold.Ofcourse the quests and the main story is kinda boring after some time, but just for the fun of finely beeing able to wreck havoc inside Mordor for a change, I give this game my thumbs up big time (guess i'm easily entertained).Recomended for everyone who ever wanted to kill, humiliate, torture, stab, shoot or go one on one with orcs in Saurons front yard."
,Recommended,241930,13706374,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,♥NightlyDark♥,"Two words that describe this game.""My Precious""10/10 would get killed by a low orc again and later killed that same orc which is now a captain."
,Recommended,241930,13775892,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,NAS,"It feels like you're playing an Assassin's Creed and Batman Arkham series merge, as almost everybody have said, but with a plot set in Tolkien's Middle Earth. This is the perfect combination. This game is amazing, but I feel it lacks gameplay time. I just ended the main quest in about 12h and this really disappointed me. Anyway, I'll probably continue playing until I get 100% playthrough, mostly because I loved every other aspect about this game. Graphics are amazing, the soundtrack is wonderful, the gameplay is perfect...Buy this game."
,Recommended,241930,14136518,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Eternal Stun,"The most satisfying killing animations out there, 10/10 no questions asked!"
,Recommended,241930,13328777,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Spank Skinatra,8/10 woodburyending sucked.
76561198031830705,Recommended,241930,13430335,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,PSP Papa,råtøfft
,Recommended,241930,13595385,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Ethan Bradberry,"Solid game. While there are bugs here and there, and some consider it an assassin's creed knock off, it is much more than that. The endless anture of enemies in this game and the ability to craft your own nemesis is astounding and keeps me coming back to play more 9.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,13860735,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Werner,"I have finished the story, unlocked all the abilities and upgrades, explored the entire world thoroughly, branded nearly every captain and warchief and I still cannot stop playing this game because the combat system is amazing.It is essentially the Batman: Arkham combat but for some reason, it is  much more satisfying due to the fact that every fight can end with you brutally murdering your enemies. Have you ever wanted to blow up an orc's head? Perhaps after they destroyed all those villages in the second LOTR movie? Well here you can do that and much much more.This game is great for both long play sessions and just blowing off some steam when you are bored. Spilling orc blood is a great stress reliever. Failed a test? College applications coming up? Murder a thousand orcs and you are all good.The story is okay but it doesn't really have any familiar faces. It doesn't really feel like a Lord of The Rings story. That said, towards the end it does have some cool story elements that connect it to the universe. If you ever get bored, just remember that you can turn into a creepy elf ghost.If nothing else, just remember that you can ride a giant monster that eats orc heads"
,Recommended,241930,12317971,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Truther,"Do you like J.R.R. Tolkien's work, The Lord of The Ring, The Hobbit? If so grab this game I would highly recommend!"
76561197960775749,Recommended,241930,13245983,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,[KORT] IRON,Fantastic game.  Highly recommended!
76561198014124918,Recommended,241930,12932292,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,llama49052,"Best LOTR game since The Two Towers. Amazing animation and enemy design. I actually enjoyed the heavy emphasis on the combat and leveling up. I think if they had decided to take the focus off of the combat/action in favor of say climbing around, boring dialog, or fetch quests, then this game would have sucked. Instead, I give it props and easily the best action game since Arkham City."
,Recommended,241930,12546137,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,P1nkPawZ,"Before buying this game I had been following it for a while, watching trailers and game play videos. It was really more then what i expected, with all the content, game play style, nemesis system and Graphics made the game a true next-gen and its worth the cost. i did enjoy completing it and its storyline.It finally nice to see a hyped up game that actully meets the hype and the promotion it got. a job well done by Monolith."
76561198038335185,Recommended,241930,13620953,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[RVCR]Guik,Very good game
76561198043775503,Recommended,241930,13578392,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PoopGuitar,"This game is tons of fun! It might seem pretty difficult at first but the more you play, the stronger your character gets (more devestating powers)! The nemisis system is amazing! It keeps the enemies fresh and battles rewarding. Combat system is a great build upon games like batman arkham series. Great voice acting and story. Definitely pick this one up."
76561197998241452,Recommended,241930,13645442,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Cornwallace,Good story great gameplay loved the nemesis system.
76561198079486668,Recommended,241930,13464348,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Adustau,"Visually stunning,combat is intuitive and smooth highly addictive gameplay and story."
76561198028020034,Recommended,241930,12465573,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,LE4D'66,"I've only just scratched the surface but I'm impressed with what I've experienced so far. As you progress your powers increase and Runes for your weapons are unlocked. Tuff when fighting a boss and he calls on reinforcements, that does suck to begin with but with more power and better runes for your weapons, you begin to think you're nigh on impossible to stop, then it surprises you by kicking you in the♥♥♥♥♥again, great fun though. Can't really top what's already been said about this awesome game, just go get it !!"
,Recommended,241930,12403830,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Lord Morning Star,"I am rather surprised by the quality and the depth of the story. I am a huge fan since the first 10 min of game play. I would highly recommend this game to all RPG fans. Action packed, graphically sound and very little bugs. A +++"
,Recommended,241930,12402774,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Xhenthius,This game will be talked about for years to come.
,Recommended,241930,12458813,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Kenichi Shirahama,"I wasn't expecting the game to be so entertaining. It's not that the story is the best thing ever; it's good, but not great. The gameplay is great, with the tools Talion slowly amasses feeling like toys that you're free to play with. The real gem is the Nemesis system, which lives up to the hype. All of the orcs have individual patterns of behavior, but they are also affected by their environment and fellow orcs. For example, executing a captain causes the orcs to scatter in terror, while causing a retreat actually engenders an ordered withdrawl with forces moving in an organized manner. Messing with the orcs is possible and fun. My favorite trick is Shadow Stepping into a captain with Vulnerability to Ranged and executing him on the spot just to watch his little orclings panic."
,Recommended,241930,12673770,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,MadMax32,I really like this game. Though I really haven't played the story that much yet.I spend a lot of time just hunting uruks and killing them. or not...Sometimes I even let them get away just to see where this will take them...And then I killed them in the most humiliating way possible.^^
,Recommended,241930,12750793,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Repoman,"Loved this game! I would reccomend it to anyone who has played any of the Assasin creed games, or for anyone who loves lord of the rings."
,Recommended,241930,12739401,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Constable Poppycock,"It took me 34 hours to complete the game and all the external challenges, and for $50, that's okay.So the game itself is quite fun, and the nemesis system is great. The lore fits pretty cleanly with Lord of the Rings, and I was eager to find the collectables. The voice acting is fantastic, and the art style also fits with Lord of the Rings. That said, many of the locations in the game look same-ey, which can be a little detrimental, but the second area breathes a little more life into the game. All in all, the game is fun and unique.The negatives are mostly pretty visible. It's similar to arkham and assassin's creed, so the gameplay is rather familiar. The big villains of the game really fall flat in comparison to some of the commanders I ran into. My biggest complaint is that by the end of the game you are a machine of destruction--the commanders are really nothing in comparison to you, and at that point it's near impossible to create interest or attachment to them, if only because they're so easily dispatched.I would've liked it if commanders stayed alive more often, and if the power cap for commanders was higher than 20. It seems like the nemesis system, while good, could've been expanded a bit to make it much more interesting and deep, but it's still incredibly refreshing and unique for the game."
,Recommended,241930,12741200,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TheBetty,Excellemt game. Would definitely recommend
76561198122166699,Recommended,241930,12741275,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,battleready,Graphics and game play were intense!  The storyline was compelling.  A great game over all.What i disliked was the ending.  Could have been a little more challenging.  imo
,Recommended,241930,12562118,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mr Lawless,"A really great game, although the story lacks at times the gameplay makes up for it ten times over."
76561198019010178,Recommended,241930,12645742,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Makhinmon,Best LOTR game ever made :DDD would reccomend to any and everyone!
76561198033419637,Recommended,241930,12323568,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Haresay,"The Orcs are smarter than the sims in the new sims game basewise, and how they advance through the ranks. It's all very organic and it just Feels so right. the bloody powerstruggles between the orcs, the individual stories. the voice acting is to die for alone. All in all I believe this deserves game of the year."
,Recommended,241930,12389465,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Elias,Excellent game!Main Story takes about 18-22h but you can easily play it for 30h or more for the collectiblesNice Batman-esque combat and overall nice graphics10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,241930,12932551,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,BulletHardTank,This game is a great buy and BulletHardTank Supports it for my full video review check out the link!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMJKTCpv0dg
,Recommended,241930,12927900,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Impetus Wrath,"People who are really into the lore of The Lord of the Rings will find this game really interesting, especially if you’re into exploring the bad guys’ point of view. I can tell a lot of love was put into the characters for this game.The gameplay itself isn't anything ground breaking. You could call this game Arkham's Creed if it wasn't for the Nemesis System, which makes the game much more interesting than having your standard boss fights. Without ruining too much, I will say the gameplay towards the end of the game is somewhat anticlimactic and may disappoint some players. Don’t expect too much replay value from this game.I highly recommend downloading the HD textures if your computer can handle it. I played the whole game without even knowing about the HD textures, and for me it was like going from playing a game on an Xbox 360/PS3 to playing it on an Xbox One/PS4."
,Recommended,241930,13823579,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,FriendlyFire,I hadn't played this game in a few months and decided to pick it back up.I spent the last 6 hours branding and powering up my Warchiefs.One is a Cook.10/10 would do it again.
76561198093992663,Recommended,241930,12312525,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Carlitos,"Middle-earth: Shadow of MordorI´ve now after 22h finished the main story line after rushing the last 3 missions to get it done. You could prbly finish this game even faster if u dont care about stuff on the way there.My verdict for the game will be a 7,5/10Why? The bad things about the game is basiclly the main story i didnt like at all after you have done your first 10 it gets kinda the same and boring.The fighting system is very nice and fun diffrent ways to kill of your target.I really like that the world feels so living but i would really like to have it alot bigger and that they would have focused more on the map cuz it felt like the only thing you actually were doing was killing orcs and taking over them for exampel.That gets kinda boring after 10h straight but dont get me wrong i liked it but i would like to see something else in there also. As i said maybe a bigger world with more various quests to do and more exploration.Overall gameplay was fun and exciting and very unique!Good stuff is first of all the graphics is very beatiful and nice to look at! the environment around you looks nice and r being begged to be explored. Combat is nice and fun as i said before. Also the movement in the game are very nice and r easy to controll also with the skills and other things. I really like the rune based system. Runes you can put on your bow,dagger or your sword and it´s very nice cuz diffrent runes drops from diffrent bosses so it gets you rewarded for killing that awesome boss/war lord or whatever you call em, that makes you wanna keep on going to get that awesome lvl 25 rune on epic one.Well that´s pretty much it - this game could be better in my opinion but it feels they didnt put in enough time into it to actually make it the game i would have dreamed of playing."
76561198092295652,Recommended,241930,13888575,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,MiSCHiEF >)))'>,Good Game! Great Graphics!~
76561198050192483,Recommended,241930,13890242,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Scott Sterling!,This is by far one of the greatest games I have ever played. If you are a fan of Lord of the Rings please buy this game. You WILL BE AMAZED.
,Recommended,241930,12395597,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,XoRcIsT,Awesome.
,Recommended,241930,13950146,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,jk 💯,"Pretty much a skinned Batman, but still great."
76561198043949509,Recommended,241930,12376971,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,JovinPunchyou,"super super DUPER GOOD GAME, its like playing Batman, AC and Tomb raider in one !!!!"
76561198022001601,Recommended,241930,14025876,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Alstann,"Pretty good overall. The combat mimics the Batman Arkham games, and the stealth and exploration reminds me of Assassin's Creed. The nemesis system is amazing and always seemed to surprise me even when I thought it couldn't anymore. Main story? Eh, kind of bland, also very short. For those of you who appreciate LOTR lore, I'd be careful with this game's interpretation of it because at some points it made me go, ""uh... that's odd?""Might give it a 7/10 because of the nemesis system, honestly. It's very good, but after you're done with the main story and you've collected everything, there's honestly nothing else to do in the game besides achievements."
,Recommended,241930,13622965,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,LiquidThoughts,"9/10I'll tell you what you really want to know.  It. is. a. blast!  Runs great, no bugs, great graphics.  3rd person action with very smooth combat system.  I love everything about the game.  I only have 1 note to make.  The timing to counter with the Y button gives you the perfect amount of time but the A dodge does not.  You need to keep an eye on the animation to dodge A attacks.  Don't count on the A button to let you know.  By that time its too late.If you like good looking action games, this one is a no brainer.  Buy for sure worth full price."
,Recommended,241930,12953274,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Im drowning in your blood!,Love it!
76561198031973875,Recommended,241930,12973522,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Grimhsson,I like the easy and fluent way of battle or climbing most. You have the feeling of a cats grace.It seems almost too easy to kill after a while - at least if you activate more and more of your powers.There also is a love to detail because the orcs and uruk hai discuss may latest actions andtell one another of their prowess in battle or their hunting feats. This gives them credibility as apeople.The large number of parameters for the random generation of characters is also great.The atmosphere in the story sequences and start screen or with the artifacts is very dense andLord of the Rings like.I like the different types of missions - they support different game styles. I was forced to act out inthe open which was also real fun even if I normally love stealth.You really feel like a tragic hero.I had some problems to get the game running - there seemed to be some files missing and thesupport of WBGames could not help me with my problem. For a start they seemed to play for timeby asking me if my PC! fulfilled the minimum requirements for playing the game - twice. A friend ofmine found a solution on the internet. After I informed WBGames support of the possiblesolution they did not really read my request. Instead I got a load of possible solutions for otherproblems. They lost the chance to find out if there is a standard problem which would help thesupport for other people with my problem.So - game: yeah!!! WBGames support: boohh!
76561198116007034,Recommended,241930,12975683,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,[color blue]xXDeathNotXx,This game is one of the best action rpgs that i have ever played it has awesome aspects and an amazing story. I would recommend it to ANYONE even if this is your first rpg or first video game.
76561198059581573,Recommended,241930,12783239,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,aws527,Like it just I think it needs better instructions
,Recommended,241930,12926115,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Prinny,"tl;dr ""It's a AAA game.""I don't mean to say the game is bad. It isn't. Gameplay is chief in video games, and Shadows of Mordor has great gameplay. Fun combat that makes you feel like a badass, a wall-crawling system that doesn't punish you (though it's maybe a little loose), and of course the rival system is great and I want to see more of it. Also, as one of the rare few people who vastly dislikes open world games because they feel disjointed in narrative and generally kind of not really an ""open world"", SoM sidesteps a lot of my issues with those games, and does the open world thing well.That said, I couldn't help but feel that the game doesn't really tap into its own potential, like it wasn't sure if people would like the rival system, so it gave into the familiar open world action game mechanics of trials, side quests, and the like. The ending fights were also a joke, with one of them being reduced to a four-second QTE cutscene battle. The rival system, for all its strengths, felt almost like another game within the game--I would have to ignore everything else just to make the rival system work to its fullest.The game's plot is threadbare, and despite attempts to make the characters sympathetic, they never really get there. Talion is moody but lacks the driven narrative of someone on a revenge quest. Everyone else is just sort of there to move the plot along. While the lore involved with the Wraith is cool, it still feels like they should've gotten rid of it all in order to just make a game about toppling the orc army.Maybe they're afraid of stepping on toes with the Lord of the Rings fanbase. Maybe they're hesitant to embrace a new, different mechanic. It's pretty typical of AAA games to fear being ambitious and new, because you might lose a ton of money if people don't like it. Even so, this AAA game offers good gameplay that is cobbled from other games to make an enjoyable experience, and you won't feel sorry for dropping bux on it. You'll (probably) just wonder what could have been, but be satisfied with what was, like me."
,Recommended,241930,12571917,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Wolfy,"Very fun game, it's almost like assasins creed, batman, arkham origin, and skyrim had a baby. I would just not think about it, and buy it right away. The combat is great, and somehow not too repetitive, while the game is beautiful and the voice acting is amazing."
,Recommended,241930,12996756,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Goblin,"While the game's system of keeping you occupied by killing countless Uruks and branding the leaders, there's not much else that goes into it, and what it throws at you can only keep you occupied for a few hours until you want to move on with the story. This is where it gets bad:Shadow of Mordor, like most AAA games, will climb you up a mountain with glorious scenery and a promising string of integrated entertainment that you, the player, can take part in. Once you reach that peak somewhere in the middle of the game; you start to realize you go downhill from there, fast.Spending hours killing Uruk and getting missions such as free the slaves, slay X Uruk until the cheif arrives, or brand X is pretty fun; but it does not make up for the lack of story content. And while the enemy that is supposedly all-powerful and rules over Mordor, the Black Hand is no challenge compared to what was thrown at you involving the War-chiefs.*SPOILERS*   The only Black Hand member you will enjoy killing or feel invested into killing is the Hammer, which is the first of the three bosses that moves you onto the second act of the game. You get to use your abilities to fight him while keeping a horde of Uruk away from you.The second Black Hand member was pitiful; killing him by performing a series of stealth-brands which you have been told to do countless times in the game.The last Black Hand was the worst of them all; a series of Quick Time events that lasted for roughly 15 seconds. This simple series of tasks given to you by clicking in a circle and pressing the Spacebar, IS YOUR FINAL BOSS OF THE STORY. (I have the Season's Pass and have yet found another big-battle involving the story).Each mission gets easier and easier as you are thrown a mish-mash of abilities throughout the story. The Uruks do not gain a better AI as you progress, and their strength remains the same all throughout the game.***OVERALL***Was the game enjoyable?  YesWas it worth the $60?  NoDoes Season's Pass offer a longer playthrough?  NoDid you feel apart of the overall story? No**IF YOU WANT TO FULLY ENJOY THIS GAME, FLESH IT OUT AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE ON YOUR FIRST PLAYTHROUGH! DO ALL THE SIDE-MISSIONS AND COLLECT/DISCOVER EVERYTHING YOU CAN BEFORE MOVING ON***"
76561198117367774,Recommended,241930,13189414,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Noikallus,10/10 wud cut heds off agen
76561198086344723,Recommended,241930,12393990,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,jeilers,Awesome game with great voice acting with a gripping story.  Fast travel between towers makes getting around easy. The controls are easy to get the hang of to.  Even if you aren't a fan of the LotR you will like this game.
76561198047847629,Recommended,241930,12749704,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Pringle Fork,"It's a good one, folks"
76561197972980878,Recommended,241930,12933464,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Invictus,Excellent combat!  With an open story path and feel while still telling a grand addition to the Tolkein Middle Earth world.
,Recommended,241930,12934424,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,O'Rly Owl,Such an amazing game. Kinda short but well worth it. Very good mix of assasins creed and batman arkham series.
76561198100778925,Recommended,241930,12454742,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Oaken,I liek dis game 8/8 gr8
,Recommended,241930,12416759,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Scurt,It's alright.
,Recommended,241930,12319348,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Brother Holoxus,My pick for the 2014 Game of the Year.
,Recommended,241930,12606306,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Battle Button,"I enjoyed playing itWhile it lasted.Don't get me wrong I loved this game, I enjoyed messing around, chopping some orc heads off, but it got boring quite fast. The story took me about 18 hours or so... Then I did almost all the side missions, which seemed to be repeating themselves. And then dominated every warchief and captain in the game. Like I said, it was fun while it lasted, and I really enjoyed it. Now I am waiting for more story and just FYISPOILERThe ending sucked [/spolier]I felt like it was building up to something huge, that would take forever to beat, but no, I was wrong...The graphics were great, gameplay mechanics alike, I just felt like the content wasn't there.. But hey, what does dlc stand for?Hint: It means DownLoadableContent"
,Recommended,241930,12913157,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,urara,Never a bored day in mordor...
76561197981796015,Recommended,241930,13539059,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,DynoMike,play gam
,Recommended,241930,13749145,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Reyson Fox,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is by far one of the greatest games of 2014. And great to have in the collection. The game is worth the price with its epic dialogue, violent gameplay, and its Assassin Creed crossover feeling in the Lord of the Rings Universe. The Wraith abilities, stealth tactics and special abilities that give you so much options to lay waste on the enemies for revenge. The game has you fight up the ladder on the realm of Mordor against captains, warchiefs and generals to unfold the story. Lots of side missions, good story and lots of lore to keep you entetained. The controls play just like you would basically in a Assassins Creed game but much more fluent. Graphics are really good, voice acting and combat system is awesome. The only faults the game has is that its not that big of a world to explore, and swarms of enemies and constantly counter attacking might get tedious and overused. Aside from those two flaws the rest of the game is incredible, and its a must try if a real fan of Lord of the Rings franchise. Honestly probably best of its franchise to date! ~"
,Recommended,241930,12675304,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,MatchHat,This is a fun game.
,Recommended,241930,13776137,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tashigi,Best Orc slaying simulator you'll find in the black market.
,Recommended,241930,13820970,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Jason,It's awesome 10/10get it.
,Recommended,241930,13674705,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,niemiaszek,"9.5/10 This game is pretty amazing, but it's too short and some and it's not expanded enought. There should be some extra types of missions."
76561197998814752,Recommended,241930,12330165,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Vorric Strix (Leeroy),"If you are looking for an Epic adventure through rough terrain and hordes or Urak, then this is the game for you. Dive into a deep story that tells both sides of the rangers/wraiths coin. Epic Fights, Epic missions, and Epic Story all in 1 amazing game. in my book 10/10. and for people who like leader boards there are different game types that you can play, other than story, that you can prove your strngth, agility, stealth, and more. Come to Mordor, if you dare."
,Recommended,241930,13233875,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,mmmmk2 (Adam),"This is a ok game it's not great but it has all the elements of a great game. First off the nemesis system is a lot of fun it's one of the reason to play this game. It has good graphics I couldn't play it on ultra with my gtx 660 ti but I could play it on medium high, and it looks good. The controls with the keyboard and mouse leave something to be desired but it's playable which is more than I can say for some of the games that have came out this year. The main problem I had with the controls is that sometimes not always but sometimes it would not go in the right direction, which got me killed. The combat is fun the animation quality is good and most of the time it flows well, their was a few times in the game where an animations looked forced. The story is good but there is almost none of it, they voice acting is great but again they went with quality of quantity which is ok, not enough games do that.Now lets talk about the reason you buy this game, the nemesis system. It is good until the end of the game, towards the end around the last five hours it becomes trivial, as does the combat and any other elements of the game that add difficulty. The reason for this is branding, once you can brand orcs all you have to do is spam it in combat and you soon have an army fighting for you, which is awesome but it makes the game way too easy. The reason for this is simple and probably could be changed easily, when you use any finisher you become immune to damage, which means if you are any good at the game you can spam brand and never die.Now lets talk about the replayability of this system because it seems like it would be great, but it's not. The max power level of a captain/warchief is twenty witch is trivial after you finish the game. Without even using the most powerful upgrades you can take on five or more power level fifteen plus with ease. Again this is caused by the problems stated above.So in conclusion if you want a 20 hour game that has a lot of quality but not much content this game is for you if you would rather spend three hundred hours in a game settle for the lackluster combat ok skyrim instead.(Side note, if there was a elderscrolls game with this combat system but more fleshed out it would be a lot of fun.)"
,Recommended,241930,13632870,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Trollki,"Between the endless fun that is stealth-killing orcs ad nauseum and the solid references to the lore, this is a must-buy for any Tolkien fan.10/10 would kill orcs again and again and again."
,Recommended,241930,13680443,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zyoxx,"Let me start by saying that I am NOT a LOTR fan. I had seen previews for this game before and heard good things, but I didn't expect this. This game has it all, amazing story, graphics, combat, upgrades, extras. I very rarely  stop halfway through a game to collect extra things and do side missions, but I felt it was worth it in this game.I will definitely be picking up the DLC before the Winter Sale is over, and I recommend that everyone picks up this game.10/10"
76561198045418640,Recommended,241930,13681659,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Forsaken5,"Great gameplay, with an original Orc promotion system and a combination of Assassin's Creed and Batman in combat mechanics. Story gives a decent insight into Mordor, the Rangers of Gondor and the Uruk Hai society."
76561198007188013,Recommended,241930,12393305,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,[LS]Amos,"You a Tolken-fan, likes games like Assasins Creed, then do not hesitate! Get this and play it. No other option possible."
76561198040677745,Recommended,241930,13656464,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,BooomHeadShot,"I purchased this game as a fan of the story, and as a means to evaluate my new high-end PC. Both of these expectations were met with solid satisfaction. The combat and Nemesis systems are revolutionary; that said, the game is surprisingly short - even when aiming for 100% completion.Right away, the combat makes you feel like a badass. Later on, as you gain upgrades/abilities, this feeling is amplified until you become quite unstoppable - even when surrounded by HOARDS of orcs. Even the toughest enemies become painless to overcome.The story was pleasing to follow, especially if you're familiar with LOTR; perhaps even if you're not. Albeit strange at certain parts, I found myself wondering and delighted to uncover the ""secrets"" involved with this lore.In the final battle(s), you are of course pitted against what you expect to be the most formidable opponents; only to be slightly disapointed by the lack of difficulty.I felt like I really took my time with this game, exploring the landscape, creating conflicts, welcoming massive battles, and earning 100% completion. In all, I believe I put about 30 hours in to do so. If I were to for some reason start over, (this game offers no desire for replayability) I could probably go from 0-100% in half the time. I have not purchased any DLC yet as they all appear to be lacking.In closing, let me say that this game offered me one of the greatest experiences I've ever had gaming in the shortest amount of time. I am hopeful for a sequel, or at least some decent form of continuation.Overall: 9/10"
76561198055162919,Recommended,241930,13740769,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Lorenzen,"Very fun within the firs 20 minutes of gameplay i was hooked, im glad i bought this game and cant wait for future dlc. Its like assasins creed but not, its something new and fresh entirely"
,Recommended,241930,13753426,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Glaice,"If Lord of the Rings lore and movies interest you, I would definitely go for this especially for action-RPG style lovers. Lots of stuff and plenty of detail in the game to be worth buying."
,Recommended,241930,13721413,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DarkSide,"Amazing Game !!  Best i have played for at least 2 years, i feel its a cross between Batman and assassin's creed mixed it all in with Lord of the rings add its own little mix and bang you gotta great game."
,Recommended,241930,12385458,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Zasheir,"It's like Assassin's Creed without all the extra mechanics that gradually burdened that series down. Unlike AC, you know you're actually in trouble when multiple enemies approach you - counter won't magically win all your fights for you and enemies don't feel like they're taking turns approaching you. The nemesis system makes deatha fun way to craft personal villians, making losing a positive experience too. This is basically the best Assassins Creed style game since Brotherhood."
76561198027011842,Recommended,241930,13708092,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ToyRobot,"<In-Depth Review>Now I haven't played any other titles that bears any reference to the popular fantasy series (aside from Lego Lord of the Rings) but I am certain that Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor will be one of the, if not THE, defining gem of LOTR-based gaming.Set within the Black Gate of Mordor, you are Talion: a ranger who was killed by an entity known as the Black Hand of Sauron. However, ""you are banished from death"" and paired up with an Elf-wraith who seems to have no memory of who he was in life. He senses a rising power that threatens the lands and together, Talion and the Elf must do what they can to get answers.It has been said in other user reviews and it will be repeated again (briefly): The essential gameplay style is akin to the Batman Arkham series. Combat consists of well-timed attacks and counters with a hit meter counting each blow and allowing players to invoke special take-downs and such. Stealth takedowns are highly encouraged and seem to never waver in terms of satisfaction. I've gotten plenty of joy stalking a small camp of uruks with nothing but my dagger. Instead of ""Detective Mode,"" there is ""Wraith Mode"" where you can enter a state that identifies enemies and other items of interest.The best feature of the title is, of course, the Nemsis system. A continually updating roster of Uruk captains, generals, and warchiefs is available at all times and lets you see what the competition is. There are missions that will require you to take them down but you are also free to find them in your own time. However, you should NEVER charge into a stronghold with your sword blazing. You need to learn more about your prey; learn what they fear and what they can do before going in. Intel for all the Nemesis can be gathered from three sources: intel lying around in camps, Worms (certain uruks identified by green in wraith-mode), and any weakened elite (that is key; do not kill worms and elites before gathering intel). Sure, you can learn your opponent through trial and error or even luck but gathering intel is a non-daunting experience that doesn't present a great challenge.Experience points are gained from kills, freeing slaves, completing missions, etc. Nemesis kills equate to Power; the tougher the enemy, the more power is gained. Getting Power unlocks new tiers of skills that are applied to combat and to the three weapons: sword, bow, and dagger. Killing Nemsis will also award players with a rune for one of the three which can be customized to fit the preferred play-style of the playerGraphics-wise, this game is goregous. An oxymoron: they are the cleanest, dirt-filled hellholes I've ever seen. Tailon's cape billows beautifully and you can definitely tell on nearly every surface when it's raining. Voice-acting too is top notch though I'd be lying if I said I could identify the actors besides Andy Serkis's always-beloved performance as Gollum.A deep appreciation for the Lord of the Rings is well apppreciated, but unnecessary. An in-game guide will provide details on everything found in the game.My only grievance is that the exploration of the land is not as enjoyable as the Arkham series. Understandably, Tailon does not have a cape and grappling hook. But sneaking and running does wear thin after a while. There are a considerable amount of checkpoints that can be discovered and fast travel to any of them is possible at all times but I repeat: sneaking and running does wear thin after a while.All in all, Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor is an experience of anyone who has any amount of love and respect for the classic fantasy saga. A familiar game-play driven by a rewarding enemy system set in a (slow) exploring open-world is what awaits any undead ranger brave enough to set foot in it."
76561198016224546,Recommended,241930,13431803,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,BjC,"10 / 10   Awesome Game!Best with Controller, Compared to Batman Arkam and Assassins Creed Games but I enjoyed far more than both of those.Can replay even when complete just to wage war on orks with the nemesis system."
,Recommended,241930,13433532,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,ColdNeutron,"Ezio Auditore lives out his fantasy as a ranger in Middle Earth. Oh, and he learned some new moves from Batman."
76561197968808466,Recommended,241930,12382720,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Sarge,"Very solid, longer than expected and can be a lot longer.Definitely a must buy if you can wait for a sale but even at full price I dont feel ripped off."
76561198048703318,Recommended,241930,13492595,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Miakuru,very good very nice
,Recommended,241930,13420431,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Sir Horbilon,One word for the game: AwesomeTwo word for the game: ♥♥♥♥ing AwesomeThree words for the game: So ♥♥♥♥ing AwesomeFour words for the game: It is ♥♥♥♥ing Awesome
,Recommended,241930,13801346,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Garettb12,Hands down one of the best games i've ever played 10/10. Very deep with an amazing story and combat.
76561197992030384,Recommended,241930,12442137,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,AtomicBlarg,"10/10 would buy again, best game of the year"
76561198154847078,Recommended,241930,12520625,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Ilustin,"Amazing game, I enjoyed the nemisis system greatly!"
76561198130370829,Recommended,241930,14767188,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Paragon,"A lot of people did comment on the very nice Nemesis system. The combat, movement and open world style are taken from games such as Assassin's Creed and Arkham franchises, and those are also fun. Overall a fun game, I´d recommend it.The only problem I found are the boss battles. Very, very underwhelming. No epic feel, easy, offer just about no closure. Not going into spoilers, but I was reeealy disappointed with the ending, one of the crappiest fights ever for a final boss, and left me bitter about a good game. And i was expecting more army battles stuff sort of like the Lord of the Rings movies."
,Recommended,241930,12400558,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Eredean,"A remarkable ""Arkham-Style"" and open world mixed with a ranger and wraith odd-couple bent on wrecking havok and justice upon the forces of Sauron, Shadow of Mordor does not disappoint, the nemesis system promises to innovate a new wave of gaming. The best Lord of the Rings game there has been, and believe me, I've played 'em all."
,Recommended,241930,13950066,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Marty20k,game of the year 2014
,Recommended,241930,12912013,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,dunkelheit,"game iz gr8, i r8 8/8 so gr8 cant even h8 and if u want 2 db8 then meet me @ the g8 dont be l8."
76561198072938382,Recommended,241930,12436294,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Anodermous,The most ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game i've every played but the ending tho :)))
,Recommended,241930,13775198,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,M@rIcK iShT@r,"Definitely different.. and in a good way I think. I enjoy playing, I have become quite talented at taking on mass amounts of orcs. Game stutters on occasion, but usually only a second or two at most to resolve itself. Might be because the vram on my card is pretty much maxed out. Game says it requires 1gb vram for low texture quality, 2gb for medium, 3gb for high, and 6gb for ultra.I have a gtx 690, which is only a 2gb card. But I have two 2 gb gpu's on one pcb so i figured why not bump the texture setting to high and see what happens.. Game runs great and most times stays at 60fps or above (except when it stutters on occasion.)Great game, I enjoy it so far. Ubi take notes.And here are my specs just incase any of you want to know because of my stutters occasionally..-intel core i7 3930k @ 3.2GHZ stock clock-NVIDIA GTX 690-32GB DDR3 RAM @ 1600mhz-3TB HDD @ 7200rpmAnd the game is being run @ 1920x1080 EVERYTHING EXCEPT texture quality is on ULTRA. Texture quality was set to high"
76561198117352377,Recommended,241930,12682678,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,hek of,"This game isreally hard to put into words to tell people how good this game is. It has everything you would expect and more.It has a brilliant combat system much like the assassins creed combat and somehow the power to render an insane amount of enemies on screen at once which blows my mind. It has quite a short main story but a baffling amount of missions to do and also your overall job is to fight the warchiefs and commanders of the uruks which can be tough. You see how when I got the game I thought I would be able to walk up to a mass of uruks/ orcs and take every sigle one of them down but really thats not true. With warchiefs and uruk captains everywhere with there own unique strengths and weaknesses you don't have much health to be hit constently and you can die very quick, This makes it so you can be very easily taken down if you don't keep moving and if you don't react and block there attacks.Anyway thats all I have to say about the game so far."
,Recommended,241930,12663794,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Snow,"Worth Every Penny!Beautiful graphics wrapped in a compelling story this game is a thing of dreams! If you enjoy any of the batman games or any of the assassin's creed games this game will exceed your expectations! Even though it's battle system may seem repetitive at times, the game finds a way to keep it fresh by empowering the player with plenty of handy upgrades to further satisfy your inner Uruk Slayer while maintaining difficulty high. Sounding too good to be true? Well, It's true! Believe the hype! This game is tons of fun! Enjoy!"
,Recommended,241930,12670106,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Lepat,Must buy! Excellent game. Everybody already give the reason why you should buy the game. I'm only here because this game should get more positive comments. GOTY definitely!
76561198046528938,Recommended,241930,12673332,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,AwesomeAdam192,Its like a Arkham City/Assassins Creed hybrid.... what could be better?
76561198010127027,Recommended,241930,12915362,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Kiwik,"At first glance, one could say that Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor looks like the long lost child of the Batman and Assassin's Creed franchises. Can you run on the roofs of the orc camps and climp up the wraith towers without wondering if talion is a colleague of Ezio and Altaïr? Definitely not. And is it a coincidence the dynamic gameplay gives you the same satisfaction beating villaisn up gave you in Arkham City? once again, i don't think so.But don't egt  me wrong. What MESoM (SoM from now on) lacks on general gameplay, it makes up with the Nemesis system. You could think at first that killing endless hordes of orcs with assassinations and executions of higher ranked ones is easily boring. It is. But the Nemesis system manages to keep that tiny map (for it has to be said: I personally expected something bigger than that) alive and kicking for much longer than you'd guess. I really enjoyed watching some tougher orcs get promoted after a duel, and raining retribution on the head of a former captain that once managed to defeat you is more than thrilling. With that simple system, the bosses are more than nameless foes or higly-scripted encounters.Sometimes you plan your approach for minutes and can't hold back a grin as your assassination goes smoothly. Sometimes you have to deal with a random chief, who happened to find you by mere luck. Sometimes you can't handle the horde and get killed, and then spend the next 10 minutes tracking the **************** to get your revenge.The best surprise was to find out that the game offers to avenge some of your Steam friends by hunting down the orc that killed him/her.That's for the Nemesis.As for the gameplay, I think enough is said, with an honorable mention for the beautiful execution moves and the Camera mode that allows you to pause the action to take impressive if not beautiful shots.I can't really complain about the graphics, even if I have seen better.The music is good if not epic enough to really be remembered (no Skyrim-style-singing-while -slaying-foes-in-epic-action for now, my friend).So, in conclusion: this game is really fun, but a bit hollow.I personally think you should try it out, but the pricetag at the moment is a bit tooo...  Better wait for the Christmas Steam sales ;)"
76561198093149769,Recommended,241930,12504328,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Zenathrael,"The good stuff:The graphics are beautiful and the fighting is pretty nifty. It's a bit like AC meets Batman, as many people are already saying. I had a lot of fun killing uruks, which there are many. If you want to play a game where you can get lost in a killing spree, this one won't disappoint. There are a lot of achievements to get and many mission you can play. So if you are like me, you will love that aspect of the game.The bad stuff:I honestly don't have a ton of bad things to say about the game. I really, really love all of it up until the very end. Sadly, the final battles were completely underwhelming. It made me a bit sad that some of the random battles throughout the game were tougher than the big boss battles. I was hoping for the end to be more of a pain in the butt, but eh. It wasn't.Saying all that, I DO highly recommend the game, but I wouldn't pay full price for it again due to the less than exciting ending."
,Recommended,241930,12958673,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,★ Nanneboi ★,"This game is a really good game in advencher and action you will sort off never get bord becose it is always something to do, And all the finishers are just Mmmm so good you can't really say how good it feels to just cut the head cline off an uruks/Orcs body.   I really recommend you to play this game and have loads off FUN."
,Recommended,241930,12311472,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Stewsday,"A better assassin game than Assassin's Creed, which a great implementaion of Arkham-esque combat. The Nemesis system is where it really shines, which allows Orc Captains to be manipulated or hunted down. In the event of them killing you or certain actions being acheived (escaped, burned but survived), they will remember you and in some cases the character model will be updated to reflect this. Graphics-wise, I can run it constantly above 60, textures can be a bit lackluster but it has some superb lighting and weather effects. Finally all of the voice acting is superb, with the original actor for Gollum being used to give it a real authentic feel.I give this 9 crazy elf wraiths out of 10."
,Recommended,241930,12445908,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,SuDBoY,To short could do with a longer campaighn but nemis system was a great feature and makes this game a great buy. pls buy dis gam. I know this is a cliche but if u like the batman arkem games /♥♥♥♥♥ass ins creed games u'll luv dis epiclly short game with great after campaighn stuff to do den buy it um yeahover all score is an 8/10 wit baddass seal of approvel
,Recommended,241930,12390106,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Lawng,"I cant say that i have had this much fun playing a game in years. You can bust♥♥♥♥♥speed through the main story line. But really you will have missed everything that is amazing about this game. there are hundreds of fun things to run around and pick up and see. Unlike other games the ""collectables"" here all tell a storry and have involved voice acting and really add something to what you are playing through. I've been looking for somethign that I didn't like about the game and really, the times i wanted to rage quit weren't from the game problems it was the fact that some  freaking orc killed me for the 8th time in a row. In those moments its SO nice to have the sandbox play style where you can just go do somethign else for a while.all in all i have put 25 hrs into this game so far can am at the last main quest line... and im NOT finishing it by choice. im running around doing evertyhing else in the game because its just THAT fun. i cant wait to see what dcl they come out with."
76561198073857770,Recommended,241930,12355264,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Nathan Souder,"This game is very fun i loved the feel of the gameplay mechanics. The only problem i can see though is that i beat it in 17 hours, i was hopeing that this game would have been a very long story, but all there was were repetitive missions, and story, i mean did you guys even face the ""tower"" yet i was hopeing he was going to be hard and strong but he was so easy, also the final boss was easy. But like i said i did enjoy it, i just wish the story was longer."
76561198068868489,Recommended,241930,12502494,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,TunaSalad,"AC + Batman = SoM9/10""A blast!"""
,Recommended,241930,12495493,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,TrollTime,"Free-flowing combat and an open world game, fans of Assassin's Creed and Batman games will enjoy this.The heirarchy system or orc captains and warchiefs made for a good few hours of assassinations and battles that seemed overwhelming at times.Difficulty seemed to decrease as the game progressed, as unlocking more powerful skills (in particular the brand) turned the tide in my favour. I suppose it'd be dissapointing if the MC didn't improve at all, but I believe a lot of the fun lay in plotting how to approach a situation and attacking at the weaknesses of the enemies. Near the end of the game I felt near-invincible and could charge in without much thought.Deffo worh a look if you like the genre, you may feel that you've seen the combat system before, but it's fluid and viceral, making it extremely satisfying to behead that pesky Uruk who had ambushed you. LOTR knowledge not really needed, I wasn't a buff on the books/movies myself but still enjoyed the story."
,Recommended,241930,12503109,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Malleus,"I really enjoyed playing this Assasins Creed, (what is it five now?) Though I think it made more sense when it was set in real places like Jerusalem, Italy and America. I mean what kind of a name is Mordor? Think they just gave up on this a bit. All the enemies are big green lumps who all speak in the same South London accent, not sure if this is an offensive xenophobic stereotype or not but the violence levied against these poor creatures by the Mordor Altair  is almost genocidal. Also seems like a bit of a step back as there aren't any pirate ships or anything."
,Recommended,241930,12486356,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Curefitz,One of the best games I have played for a very long time.. Definitely worth buying!
,Recommended,241930,12366540,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,immortal content,"Best 50$ I've spent in a long time, best single-player for me since Skyrim.- Combat is similar to Assassin's Creed series but more responsive, dynamic and way more diversity in tactics- Enemy progression: you die, it matters. Enemies get stronger and stronger, more rewards when you manage to kill them- A very deep and dark title in the Tolkien universe- Great character skill/rune customization- Very clear and enjoyable UI- Wraith powers !- Etc.I seriously recommend this game whether you're a fan of titles like Assassin's Creed or into the Tolkien books!So many well-polished features that a lot of next-gen games should learn from in the future.Just buy it."
76561198031986652,Recommended,241930,12384403,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Tonkatheturtle,Was fun
,Recommended,241930,12488196,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,RelaxedPen,"A great game by Monolith. A combination of Batman's Arkham combat system and Assassin's Creed stealth. But if just by that, it's a mediocre game. What makes it interesting is the Nemesis System. A system where the enemy can become stronger in time or by killing you. I can't say much about anything else but I do really enjoy this game very much. Do give it a try."
76561198077709119,Recommended,241930,12498232,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Cr7mson,"really great game, i love the engine!"
76561198014947337,Recommended,241930,12384393,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Sith Lord,"Great game , let me get the negatives out of the way first .The combat can be a little clunky especially the bit for a last chance survive when you get the mouse into the center ring and hit the right button it needs in the time required and yet ya still get killed (and yes I know theres some orcs that you cant do a last chance to live on) also I found that going down some zip lines caused me to land in or under the platform or ground I was suposed to land on resulting in me having to leave the game and start again :(Now for the positives . hmm where to begin , for those that love the hobbit and the lore around middle earth will love this game the little extras you find here and there and listen to what each bit has to say builds up a great mental picture of the time frame your in and whats been happening.The Nemesis system is fantastic , orcs that beat you learn from what little trick you used to try and beat them last time and can learn the ability to counter that skill , plus other orcs might hear of your killing prowess and run in fear at the sight of you .Once you learn the ability Brand the game takes on a whole new dynamic where you can make your own power plays and build up your own orc army I particularly enjoyed this part of the game and ended up spending more time doing this than anything else, you just have to make sure that in the middle of combat you dont accidentally kill off your favored orc in an execution move you were meaning to get another orc with.( spoiler - about half way through the main story arc you get to goto another map area and learn the ability to Brand orcs )And lastly having revenge missions to kill an orc that had killed someone else in there game is funny as hell the dilemma you can be faced with to do the mission if you find out that it was in fact one of your own prized Captains that killed this poor other player, or just simply walk away and leave it saying to yourself ""move along .. nothing to see here""Over all a fantastic experience in a game I havent had in some time , I hope that if you play this game as a result of reading this post , that you too have an equaly enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,241930,12498479,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,suroh7,"I enjoyed this game a lot. As a gameplay, it's a mix between Assassin's Creed series and Batman series, but in a very good way. The storyline is also good. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,241930,12493771,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Buba,"Ok, first off, I'm a massive lotr-universe fan. I mean like seriously, hobbit, silmarilion, lotr and all that good stuff.Now to the game: Generally i can say, that i like this game and i would recommend buying it, let me break it down:Fighting Mechanics: Mixture between AC and the Arkham games with some special things (like it generally, allthough one might say that it's a bit easy at times), the stealth is cool (not just like ac, but also with sneaking and stuff) allthough again it's very easy to evade the orcs. The creature riding is fun, but since there are only two, it's kinda pointless...Map: Map looks very nice, there are multiple large open areas, there are cool and well designed and detailed cities and settlements of orcs, nothing to complain here.Characters: Not much to tell, some humorous appearances like Torin the dwarf, and then a lot of generic damsels-in-distress and classic protagonists... And the occaisional 'precious' from Gollum! The bad guys really suck to, you rarely every see them, and all but the first boss-fights suck balls.Story and Campaign: The campaign is very short (far to short if u ask me) and it seams like not alot happens. The only thing i loved (as a massive lotr-lore fan) is the tale of Celebrimbor and the beginning of the Ring-Wars which you learn more and more about throughout the missions.Nemesis-System: Very cool! Love how the different struggles result in stronger and weaker captains that can really become a pain. The dominating and commanding is awesome and how cool is it that the toughest of all the captains is your enemy in a final huge battle? All very cool.Other annecdotes and complaints: The side-quests suck and might as well have been left away, there might have been some more factions then slaves orcs and caragors, wraith powers are kind of overpowered (everything is a bit too easy for my taste), WHY the hell isn't it more of a classic RPG with looting, armor, weapons, crafting and so on instead of just leveling perks?!?!??-----------------So there, it's a cool game with fun mechanics and different enemies everytime you play. It doesn't make for a lot of game-time, but i think its still worth buying (or at least playing :P).Hope this helped-Buba"
,Recommended,241930,12466055,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Fermi,"Pros: Great graphics, great soundtrack, excellent voice acting, fun missions, lots of exploration and lore to discover.  It's a lot of fun dominating captains and moving them up through the ranks.Cons: This game takes place before the events of Fellowship of the Ring, so you know that anything you do in-game won't have any signifigant impact.  I don't see much replay value, but if they added more artifacts to discover, mines to explore, and legendary beasts to hunt, I'd dive back in."
,Recommended,241930,12360476,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Kataren,Pro-Good combat sytem-Nemesis system is fun!Con-Boss in this game is weaker than some elite unit :V
76561198004510230,Recommended,241930,12325328,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Ready-Eddie,"This game really sucked me in, and surprisingly the lore-butchering in this didn't disturb me! I thought they created a really fun game at first, and then set it to an immensely interesting world.Don't expect any Tolkien-approved lore intrepration here, but a very lovingly crafted Arkham City game in Middle-Earth. :)"
,Recommended,241930,12365170,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,scarfey,"Epic, really enjoyable game"
,Recommended,241930,12343754,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Made in Russia,"holy balls, i love this thing (and im a classic BFTME game lover)"
76561198006358841,Recommended,241930,12495347,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,ejammer,15 hours in at the moment....  right off the bat im gonna say yea just get it.  the game kicks♥♥♥♥♥   epic gore and rewarding kills all damn day!   crazy kill animations and vicious personalized enemies.  game is actually pretty challenging.  very impressive
76561197990243693,Recommended,241930,12414867,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Salt,"this is a great game, it plays very similarly as the assasins creed franchise, still this game dosnt feel like AC. the Campaing missions can be done very fast, in like 7 hours. grafics is great. nemesis system is amazing 9.5/10 best game 2014"
,Recommended,241930,12734299,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Psaldorn,"One of the few games I ahve played to utter completion. Really good. Fighting never gets old. I did max out the abilities well before the end though, some more levels of it would have been nice.Great blend of action, exploring and in the later stages, plotting."
76561198063453910,Recommended,241930,12725322,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Lvl1_Ditto,"This game is fantastic, a must play. The combat and stealth system were both unique and enjoyable. The story is quite good, along with the character development. The talent system and rune system were great as it was easy to focus on making your character specfically good at one aspect of the game (ie stealth, or combat) or just going all out in a crazy hybrid killing machine. Im only about 18 hours in and can honestly say I have another 18 hours + to go."
,Recommended,241930,13035358,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,M4jP4yN3,This game rocks!
,Recommended,241930,13095347,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Royce Bracket,"I enjoyed this game very much, despite the fact I had to wait for about a month before they released a patch which fixed a lot of errors. Once I actually got into the game, I found it very good. Considering most of the community are fans of tl;dr reviews, here we go. Pros and cons.Pros:+Love the combat, big fan of the Batman Arkham games, and the combat is satisfying and visceral.+Great story if you like the Tolkien universe.+References. So many references.+The idea of getting revenge on uruks for other players' deaths is pretty interesting, and provides a good diversion+Hours and hours of gameplay (I did everything and i've got 20hrs logged)+Wonderful graphics, fantastic voice acting.+Enjoyable side quests, which give good rewards.Cons:-Though I love the combat, it'sexactlylike the Batman Arkham games, (combo abilities, flowing movement, stealth) which just suggests laziness to me.-A lot of back and forth. Even though there's fast travel, it feels pretty repetitive-Once you complete one map, you find there's a whole other map you need to explore, more warlords to defeat etc. (though this can be viewed as a positive if you like that sort of stuff. I just found it repetitive.)-No enemy variation at all. Uruk, Uruk with shield you need to jump over, Uruk with two swords who needs to be stunned. Uruk warlord/captain. That's it.-I wish I could comment on the nemesis system. The only issue is, I died once and only once in the whole game. which brings me to;-Far too easy. No difficulty selection, so if you have the mechanic nailed (refer to over 40 hours on the Batman games) completing what's supposed to be a difficult fight is actually a piece of cake. (for example,I defeated the talons of Sauron in about 30 seconds flat.Take it from me, if you completed Bioshock infinite in 1999 mode without using vending machines, you'll find this game extremely easy. Maybe that's a good thing.Overall, I'd rate it a 7/10."
,Recommended,241930,12689212,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Classy Carbs,"If you are into the Lord of the Rings lore and Assassin's Creed game mechanics, you are going to LOVE this game. This is Assassin's Creed, but less clunky, a more interesting plot line, and the best combat system I have seen in a long time. I am usually an FPS kinda guy myself, but you can't beat a good Lord of the Rings game. 11/10 WOULD BANG."
76561198024589732,Recommended,241930,13013576,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,^Kevin^,"This is one of the better action games out there, with the ability to chop off orcs heads.At one point they were selling this game for $39.99, I got it on sale with a 10% discount, I missed the 25% discount.  The game is fun and you can run thru it in roughly 50 hours at a leisurely pace.  I cannot recommend it for the extra $10 though, especially with all the cash grabs for minor content challenges.  Wait until it goes on sale for under $40 bucks.I'm surprised that they raised the price point for this game because its popular and they sold alot of units, I read it was like 740 K in units roughly.  Not sure if this number was in the first week.This game wouldn't of sold all those units if it was priced higher.  Perhaps this inflated price is because of the coming holidays and Christmas.  Wait until its on sale under $40.The extra 10 bucks price is them throwing some extra DLC content into the game....."
,Recommended,241930,21101001,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Unholydecapitation,"amazing game, I love middle earth and this is by far one of the best games."
,Recommended,241930,12360033,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Rushleader,Awesome game with a cool meta game thanks to the nemesis system!
76561198085069780,Recommended,241930,30678727,Posted: 22 March,all,naca87,A game in Middle Earth where you live as a shadow in the land of Mordor.You Learn how to be a good shadow to the nice orcs.10/10 would be a shadow again
,Recommended,241930,15472528,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Jorch,9/10
,Recommended,241930,20663744,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,House Lannister,"It takes a while to get over the simplistic feeling controls, but once you get into it, the game is spectacular."
76561198132812456,Recommended,241930,21263312,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Captanegan,"It's one of those games were the moment I stopped playing it, I missed playing it."
76561198113825673,Recommended,241930,16338538,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Modus Pwnin,"Glorious, my balls dropped as soon as the game opened!"
,Recommended,241930,21095393,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,vikn,One of the best games ive played. Period
76561198032834581,Recommended,241930,18106106,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Indique,"Wow.If you have a system that normally runs good with the more recent games (I get usually anywhere from 30-60 with even the best games), this game is really worth it, imho.  I don't have it on the highest settings, but fairly high (I have 2G video, so need to put textures to medium, but everything else high or ultra) and I get 40-60 fps, which is good to me (30+ is more than enough to me).  But even if the graphics are on a lower setting, I gotta say this game is worth it.I'm usually picky about games, and have a hard time getting into them or finishing them :P  Although I only started this one, the gameplay (simliar to Assassin's Creed titles in style of play, but still different in many respects) is fun.  The story and setting, to me, is really well done.  I think it helps that I like this style of game more (I've read all the Tolkien books at least twice), but wow, I'm really liking it so far.I was lucky to get it on sale, and appreciate it cause I can't normally spend full price on games these days, but even at a higher price, if money doesn't concern you as much, it really is worth it.idk, obviously not everyone will agree with me, but I find this game really a gem.Only an hour played so far, but at this time, I give it a solid 9.9 / 10.BlessingsEDIT:  Well, I'm well into the game now (25 hours or so), and I had no idea there was a new area, I was grinding the first area... well, cause it's fun :P  It's cool that I'm getting to see all new scenery.When I bought the game, I was really uncertain about it.  But now that I've gotten fairly far in the story (about half way), I'm really impressed.  The graphics are amazing, the story is interesting, and the voice acting is really well done.Yes, the game can be difficult and takes practice, but as you upgrade your abilities and such, and really learn to use them, the game actually becomes somewhat easy.  But even so, I get rough moments, and there are so many moves, you can switch it up here and there which makes it fun.The bosses (captains and warchiefs) each have a ""personality"" that you see very briefly which makes it story-like (they introduce themselves before a battle), and their strengths / weaknesses makes it a fun challenge for the battle... not counting other mobs that get in the way.  It takes patience, but wow, it's worth it.  This game is a gem.I'm a pretty big Lord of the Rings fan, especially the books.  I loved the movies and all, but the game impressed me more.  Of course, not everyone will agree with my review, but that's ok.  :PI only write reviews for games I really like... well, this is a definate 10/10 for me."
76561198017669575,Recommended,241930,18285643,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Icerune,"I hesitated on buying this game because usually, games based off movies are lame and cheesy. I finally picked it up on a 60% off sale and I must say, I was very wrong not to have tried it sooner. This game is really good. A play style that you really do just have to try to understand. Also, being a lover of all things Tolkien, I found the visuals and lore to be really awesome. If you ever imagined youself as Aragorn infused with the power and skill of ancient elven lords, then this game is for you. Phantom ranger on a mission to exact vengeance for my slain family? Count me in."
,Recommended,241930,13336791,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,// Po0ks,"Enjoyed the game, but the replay value is very low."
76561198083686399,Recommended,241930,19920623,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Stoop Kid,Never write a review for games but figure I'd write one for this game. I got it for cheap which was nice but for full price I wouldn't get this game. Mainly because after awhile you realise you are pretty much playing a script and there isn't any variations to how you play the game. Felt like I was just going through instructions throughout the whole game. Combat was bland since it just tells you what to do the whole time. The boss fights were way too easy and lacked any sort of challenge. Graphics were decent atleast.Basically this game is just a long story where the game tells you what to do and at the end of it you feel like you just played a really long tutorial with a lot of dialogue. So if you love LotR and would like to see some more of it with good graphics and not so challenging combat then this game is for you.
76561197972368209,Recommended,241930,21067295,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,GREENER,"For 12 bucks on sale, buy this game already - you wont be disappointed, it just rocks!"
76561198057510336,Recommended,241930,21056470,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Natural04,"""Assassin's Creed ripoff"" and ""Arkham clone"" seem to be popular ways to describe Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor. If we are going to be reductive, some of those criticisms may apply. I, however, propose another label for Monolith's 2014 action adventure game; ""groundbreaking.""As familiar as some of Shadow of Mordor's systems may be, they are all incredibly solid. Combat feels great and the traversal, though sharing the same clumsiness as it's Ubisoft-made counterpart, does improve upon it's obvious inspirations. In Assassin's Creed, I would frequently hurl oscenities at my screen when Altair jumped the wrong way and fell to his death. Shadow of Mordor solves this problem by simply removing fall damage from the equation. As simple a fix as this is, it saved me a lot of frustration over the course of my time with the game.The real star of the show, and the element that makes Shadow of Mordor such a groundbreaking title, is the nemesis system. After being dropped into the open world, a simple menu shows the player a hierarchy of uruks. By interrogating lesser uruks, you learn the strengths and weaknesses of their higher-ups. From here, you are tasked with infiltrating uruk camps and assassinating your target. In itself, that doesn't sound particularly revolutionary. It's as you work your way up the food chain however, that Shadow of Mordor starts to reveal more of it's hand. Uruks you may have previously encountered, maybe even some you thought you had defeated, will return with full memories, opinions and even scars from yoru previous encounter. Did you finish him off with an arrow to the head? If so, perhaps he will return with a steel plate over the wound, proclaiming his immortality. Did you flee the battle, narrowly escaping death yourself? He will be more than happy to remind you of that, his rank in uruk society having increeased along with his stats to reflect his victory. Should you fall in battle, you don't return to the last checkpoint. Time continues forward until Talion, our hero who is expertly voiced by Troy Baker, is resurrected, much to the uruk's surprise.The nemesis system continues to get deeper and more rewarding from here. The beauty of all of this is that, despite being systemic rather than hand-tailored, it all comes together relatively seemlessly to form your own unique adventure. I don't believe anything like this has even been attempted in gaming before. There are moments when you can see the puppet strings and are reminded that your story is being shaped by this system rather than carefully written and crafted. I find this easy to overlook for now, given the ambitiousness on display. It is something I hope gets ironed out of future iterations though.I could go on for days about why I feel it is important to build these kinds of systems into our narrative-based games. As technology moves forward and games are held to a higher production standard, crafting quality stories and campaigns has taken a backseat to significantly less expensive multiplayer components. Rather than pad out this already lengthy review with such a rant, I will direct you to Ken Levine's presentation from GDC 2014. He makes some incredible points. If you're not into that and just want to play an incredible game, ignore it and just pick up Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor. You can't go wrong.+Tight combat+Rewarding investment+Revolutionary emergent gameplay+Extremely high replayability-Frustrating traversal-Systems are occasionally transparent"
76561198016639336,Recommended,241930,21188224,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,NSUATCTK,Awesome game but gets a little repetitive
76561198008492784,Recommended,241930,21066287,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,The 13th,a sequal is needed...
,Recommended,241930,20299670,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Viler_exodus,"This is a huge game.. A bit like tomb raider.. The skill tree is big and there are so many different moves that we can do that it feels like we are playing mortal kombat ... I would definitely recommend you to play this game.. It's like skyrim had sex with mortal kombat and this game popped out and the child was raised by Tolkien ...The story isn't very great.. But the gameplay is amazing. The game's mechanics feel like a mix of assassins creed and Prince of Persia.. The amount of power that our character possess is also perfect which makes the difficulty of the game "" just perfect ! "" .. Its challenging at first but doesn't feel like you are playing dark souls or bloodborne .. But it's not very simple also that you are playing fallout or elder scrolls with god mode enabled"
,Recommended,241930,18711579,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,STawX,"One does not simply walk in to mordor- He said.You are the one who makes it possible,Simply."
,Recommended,241930,13012762,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,METALDARKZERO,Die and revive to get revench totaly awesomescore 12 burritos of 10 burritos
76561198096176597,Recommended,241930,24444533,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kmeth,Great game
,Recommended,241930,24659571,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,YeOleLumberjack,Really fun game
,Recommended,241930,24390658,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jebbe,"Man, this game.. I've wanted to buy this for a long time, but i thought that this game would be too easy, and that it would get repetitive after a couple of hours. When i finally managed to buy it, on the summer sale 2016, goty version of the game was 12$. And i thought to myself, ♥♥♥♥ it. And i bought it, didnt regret it. First things first, the graphics look great, And i like the combat ALOT in this game, its like batman style combat. And the movement reminds me of assassin's creed. And the  nemesis system is brilliant, I'll explain you a little bit of it.. So, basicly when an enemy kills u he becomes stronger, sometimes he might become a captain, or even a warchief! And thats the main reason to buy this game in my opinion."
,Recommended,241930,24668553,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,JigglypuffSparkleFairy,"This is a verry nice game with good graphics.You are able to play it on ""bad"" pc's but then the game won't look that good.The story is interesting, but kinda short even with all the dlc's (that provide extra stories) if you don't play side missions you can run thru the game in like 5 hours.I really enjoy playing this game tho, 1 thing i thought was fun was when npc's killed you they remember it and when you come across them again it will trigger a different monolog and sometimes your character says special lines after killing them back. This is a small detail that makes this game even beter9/10 game :D"
,Recommended,241930,24543211,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,YiggityYuh,Buy this game. End of story
,Recommended,241930,24187124,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Absolomon,"Are you into LOTR?Are you into Assassin's creed?If yes then this game is for you!Very fun, extremely good and pretty combat, quite a bit of collectibles and an innovative ""nemesis system""Downside is that it is pretty short (around 10 hours) if you go directly for main missionsA good game to play when you want to relax and not pay too much attention"
,Recommended,241930,24572088,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Super Hugger,"Simply a great game. It's as brutal as it is in the film, particularly the mechanics of fighting captains. I had quite a lot of defeats at the beginning, some orcs dominating me a good 12 times before coming close to beating them. At first it was frustrating, but I couldn't stop thinking about the game, along with all its elements. I went back for more and more, keen to master the mechanics and become the ultimate ranger. Eventually that happened, and it was as powerful as I'd hoped. I took to the entire game with the completist approach, but found out after much work that the game keeps supplying captains. On rare occasions, I managed to clear the entire upper management of orcs, and proceded to clear side missions. Later I realised half of them had been replenished, which felt too open-ended, but probably true to the story. There were many fist-biting moments where I simply had way too many orcs in the immediate area and not a single camera angle to my advantage. I couldn't even see the counter-attack option appear from orc attacks. It forced me to steer clear of strongholds, buildings, and rocky outcrops for a time to avoid over-crowding of the third-person camera. 45 hours on the Shadow of Morder was probably made up of 50% decapitating excess orcs, and a fairly hefty line up of challenging missions with various skill-inducing scenarios. It was also great to see more of the LotR story, and the origin of the ring in detail - very intriguing. The only unfortunate things were the graphics demands were too great for my i7 and Iris graphics card in my Surface Pro 4. Obviously it's not a super special gaming system, but it had to be reduced to 480 and low settings for the movement to be smooth. I didn't actually mind the pixelation, because it was like playing a late 90's game but with great design and gameplay mechanics. Finally, I spent a decent amount of time on the Bright Lord campaign. It's worth a good look as it changes some of the mechanics switching to Celebrimbor. I spent most of the time dominating orcs, but this time it contributed towards geographic domination as well, which was my goal in the main game. The issue is there's no slow motion time during bow use, which is surprisingly fateful when I tried using shadow strike in a crowd to help escape repeated hits. So being a veteran ranger, I end up being a half noob elf lord, which was soooo frustrating I rage-deleted the game in order to prevent me from beating the crap out of my computer. Yes, so give it a try if you like, but if you start to get angry, walk away."
76561198010366377,Recommended,241930,24719134,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Maverati,"If you don't like Assasin's Creed, get this game, it is better."
76561198055323307,Recommended,241930,24708548,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,MonaLaser,Fantastic gameplay. Fantastic first half. Second half gets a bit trivial.
76561197981159559,Recommended,241930,24717704,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TheUndeniableOrange,"Can't believe I picked this up for ten bucks.  Best game I've played in ages.Controls are very easy to grasp and are forgiving unlike some smash 'em up fighting games which penalize you for looking slightly the wrong way as you attempt to block.  Mastering the controls is a fun exercize rather than a pain.  New mechanics were introduced very fluidly so that I haven't had to struggle to remember key combinations.  There are really a lot of amazing mechanics.Voice acting is great.  Found myself listening to all of the cutscenes, even the voiceovers about little colllectible trinkets.The story is worthy of the franchise.  Can't wait to see where this goes."
,Recommended,241930,18085479,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,MiniChris,Running around.Saw Vendetta Mission saying my flatmate had been killed by this Captain.Started Mission.Found within 5 seconds.Ran to him and sliced his face off in another 10 seconds.Steam sent Notification to flatmate.Self-Satisfied gloating for years to come.10/10 - would gloat again.
,Recommended,241930,24547845,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,h@,bought GOTY edition cus during steam summer sale it glitched out and was $5 instead of $10 and i got it cus im aThe HobbitandLord of the Ringsfan
,Recommended,241930,24617037,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,phasnox,"Epic sound, epic character design, epic story, epic gameplay. A little lame boss battles, but this game is about the journey. The journey through middle earth. Masterpiece. 10/10"
76561198007864729,Recommended,241930,24680428,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Angry Gerbils,I finished this game on the Xbox One just over a year ago and decided to pick up the PC version today while it was on sale. Given you have the upper end of the reccomended settings the game runs beautifully despite my frustration with the camera in intense moments of battle. I will definitely be playing through this for a second time with the DLC added - just can't seem to get enough uruk killing out of my system! 9/10
,Recommended,241930,14475824,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Fwego,"Holy Cow, if you have ever watched the lord of the rings or the hobbit and enjoyed that you will love the story of this game.I also thought the combat was super good and wasnt to hard or to easy, but in the end there wasnt enough gameplay. When they add some good dlc i will hopefully buy it and have allot more fun again"
76561198096248980,Recommended,241930,24052277,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,HueHueHue,"Very good game. Enjoyable from beggining to end.Combat system is very good, from counters to takedowns to stealth takedowns/kills.The story is fairly decent, I also loved how they added new key characters instead of just having Sauron.I won't be able to say much more without spoiling some elements of the game but I'd give it a good 8/10, would play.Didn't give it a 10 or a 9 because you cannot change difficulty, which makes it hard for casuals, but it is an incredible game nonetheless."
,Recommended,241930,18419405,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,✪ MiraX ❤,"I am a true Lord of the Rings fan! This is an amazing game. It really did fill my needs by fighting Sauron, killing thousands of orcs, seeing my favourite character more (Gollum). This game is full of combat and gore! The story was great, I understood all of it. Boss fights were not disappointng and were really fun. Building an orc army by branding the Captains and Warchiefs was such an accomplishment, having an orc army behind me and fighting with me! Mounting caragors and graugs is especially fun and battling orcs while mounted on a beast is extremely satisfying. Characters were amazing. Music really did work well with the gameplay, loved the graphics. This game for me was a 10/10! Would recommend to those who love Lord of the Rings and those who love games which involve a lot of combat!"
76561198036241495,Recommended,241930,17406745,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Stanley,Its good dawg
,Recommended,241930,23851180,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,El Pollo Diablo,"I will admit, i may have only played it for a half-hour but i am already sucked in and is the best game so far i have gotten from a steam sale. Tolkien's Middle Earth lore has been one of my favorite next to Star Wars lore and am very fascinated at how the overall game will play out and will make sure to go through every piece of the game."
76561198135170665,Recommended,241930,23867695,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Arwen,1. Get killed by Orc Captain because his bodyguards swarmed you2. Respawn at nearby tower3. Vow revenge on said captain4. Track his♥♥♥♥♥through Mordor5. Grab a Graug and a couple Caragours and rip him to shreds6. Take a screenshot with his corpse10/10 would spend hours exacting petty revenge again.
,Recommended,241930,12328782,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,nuB,For AC2 fans
,Recommended,241930,12343652,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Scully,"If you want to waste your life, this is an awesome option. 11/10"
76561198075376385,Recommended,241930,13555422,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Trismegistus,"Not bad.Killed an orc, he came back to life with a bag on his head and fought me, killed him again.3/10"
,Recommended,241930,12615077,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Hawks,"There's already plenty of reviews explaining in depth why this game is great, so I wont go into that. I will say however I would pay double the price tag for such a good quality game even if it's a bit short. Quality over Quanity ANYDAY!!"
76561198064692678,Recommended,241930,12405300,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,BruceWayne,Assassin's Creed v2.0 with better graphics and a more sophisticated combat system. 10/10
76561197990974205,Recommended,241930,12501932,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,one9Delta,great game to pass time
,Recommended,241930,24830826,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Telarius,"Though it can be difficult for less adept gamers, I absolutely and highly recommend this game to individuals who enjoy FPS fantasy games with replayability.  The trials allow one to replay each DLC while maintaining the abilities they obtained during story mode.  There are so many different aspects to the game in addition to one's ranger skills, such as wraith abilities, and mounts.  Everything seems to blend together so seamlessly, and the graphics are excellent!"
,Recommended,241930,24802962,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Ravenize > *,"Shadow of Mordor absolutely nailed the combat! It's amazing. The best I've ever seen in a third-person action game. And the controls are fantastic, especially on the PC with a mouse and keyboard.The rest of the game is also very good, but it does have its flaws. One major problem is with the open world itself. The side tasks - and even some of the main quests - get very repetetive. By the end of my 100% run about 20 hours in I was thankful it was over. It doesn't help that most of the terrain looked and felt exactly the same the world over. A little varitey in locations would've gone a long way to making things feel fresh. This ties in to the graphics, because although the game looks good it's still a lot of looking at the same textures over and over again.The story was a good driver early on, but it lost steam about halfway through. Part of that is just the plot and writing, but part of it was also the nature of the orc ranking system. I know a lot of people praised it, but I found it tiresome and boring that a captain or a warchief I defeated would quickly be replaced by someone else. It made my deeds feel like they didn't matter. Like nothing I accomplished was permanent. If that was the point, then bravo. But I believe that's far deeper into meta thinking about the game than the developers ever consciously intended.The combat shines because it's the perfect balance between stealth, ranged, and melee. The stealth in particular is some of the best I've seen outside of whole games devoted to it like Splinter Cell. The main reason is because the enemies detect and lose sight of the player in a consistent way that makes sense given their cones of vision. It's funny, but so many games seem to get that simple implementation detail so wrong.The bow is great because it has a charged shot, which feels completely natural, and because it slows down time when you use it. Being able to quickly target a few of the orcs charging at you in slow motion is a great way to thin the herd and even out a fight.The sword is good because as you build up a hit combo you unlock executions and other special abilities. This makes the entire experience fun instead of monotonous. The parry system also works extremely well - it's just forgiving enough to make it fair. My only real complaint with any of the combat mechanics is the timed dodging with the spacebar: it rarely worked for me. It's the one area that felt sloppy and unresponsive compared to the rest. Luckily there are other ways around it most of the time.The enemies don't have nearly enough variety. I'm was so sick of killing orcs by the end. Give me some humans or different kinds of orcs - the differentiations they made within the game amounted to basically nothing.The equipment and leveling system they included are really inconsequential. They make the early game much harder than the late, but that's par for the course at this point. You're going to unlock everything while you progress and probably way before you reach the end of the story. The one noteworthy aspect is the ability to improve your weapons by completing challenges related to them. I always liked this idea: that to increase something's strength you had to actually use it, and in this case, use it well. I only wish that they included a point value or something more explicit to describe exactly how the weapon improved. The biggest hurdles in the game were inevitably a couple of these tasks that were quite difficult, but I'm confident most players would be able to conquer all of them eventually.The DLC is mostly terrible. First, because it's lazy. It adds achievements that take the current system and simply add points with a timer. The one thing an open world game should not have is a timer! I understand it within specific missions, but forcing it on the whole experience is totally unnatural. On top of that, none of the DLC add a new map to the mix. It's the same tired locations you've already been over a hundred times before. Lazy.Second, I don't like the DLC because the first pack concerns the animal creatures you can tame and the second is all about the enemy branding/possession feature. Both are aspects that I completely ignored the first time around unless I was forced to use them. This is because they both mess with the flow of combat. They intrude on the trifecta I enjoyed so much. And on top of that they feel...extraneous. It's nebulous, but I don't have a better word.Third and finally, the DLC uses some abilities based on what you've unlocked in the main game. However, this is not stately explicitly anywhere and it doesn't transferallof your abilities. It's inconsistent and forces a connection to the main game in a way that's just plain confusing. On top of that, The Bright Lord removes the slow motion when using a bow. That was the best part! There's really no reason given and it destroys the stealth/ranged/melee balance I so loved.Luckily, the story for the DLC is utterly forgettable, and while they fill in a few details, you don't need them to have a satisfying experience.Shadow of Mordor is a really solid game and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I wish more time had been put into the writing in the beginning, and the DLC in the end, but even with its flaws the game is easily worth the time and money."
,Recommended,241930,24558885,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Say.My.Name,"Beautiful graphics, nice fightings, a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game...Has anythings else...Maybe a nice story line...But I'm happy, when I want to vent my anger and kill orcs...So trust me you can buy it for only this reasons ;)"
76561198096699714,Recommended,241930,24779153,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,看起来很俗气但是很帅气的菊花,good game and exciting
76561198189871314,Recommended,241930,20020938,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Spodermen,"Well made game, if you're into the LOTR lore... you will most defintly enjoy the game.Pros:- you look cool fighting orcs, you feel that you have power.- decent story- polished fighting- amazing bounty system- closest thing we have to a boba fet bounty game- very well optimized- decent graphics- passable mouse and keyboard bindings- when you go into a stronghole and get the alarmed raised, theres no other satisfaction thatn killing waves and waves of orcs.- warchiefs are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to beat, but you feel rewarded when you do kill them.My Postitive opinion- i feel that this game doesnt get repetitive-  i feel that, that i am a wraith and i have power over the orcs.Cons:- maybe improved graphics- optimize cutscenes- comedic ""battles""- wars are not really wars, they are more like a small group against another small group- i feel that the devs couldve made the battle more realistic, more orcs etc.--------------------------i believe that game is worth the 16.99. Last time i didnt get it because i wasnt sure if i was going to like it, and it turned out that i was wrong. i really like this game, i torrented 3 times, but i still had wanted to get the goty edition because it comes with much more content.if you are deciding between this game and another, i highly recommend this game.if you're into the lotr lore, assasins creed climbing, batman like fighting system.. the this is the game for you.8/10"
76561197989594656,Recommended,241930,25081782,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Trump Senpai,"main game is great if a bit repetitive  very fun and great graphics, soundtrack and lore.  brightlord expansion blows"
,Recommended,241930,24799033,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Dr. ███████,"Even though game doesnt bring anything new to the table, everything is done right.The game would be the best representative in its genre, but I guess plot needs some improvement, as the last boss fight being in qte ( quick time event ) is a bit upsetting,Neverless, 8.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,25103684,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,PixelMaster,"i'm too lazy to write a review, but the game is good. if you like dishonored, assassin's creed or similar games, you'll like this as well."
76561198073608539,Not Recommended,241930,13059523,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,noreelly,"unoptimized as ♥♥♥♥, story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have a 2000 dollar gaming computer and i bought this game and could barely run this♥♥♥♥♥♥on the lowest, which makes no sense. Also, the story is uninteresting and stupid. DO NOT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME."
76561198107774879,Recommended,241930,24961920,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,SanicSpeed,"So, Middle Earth Shadow of Mordor is an Amazing game.Gameplay is really fun and is comparable to the Batman Arkham seriesStory is Good and is not boring even though it is a story of vengence that is most common in games nowadaysGraphics are goodOverall This is a great game you should really try out and made me want to buy the game again on pc ( Originally had it on ps4)9/10"
76561198142777504,Recommended,241930,22856360,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,chopchopsartain,"Here are some of the good things about the game:------------------------------------------------------ Very high AI systems, uruk remember encountering you.(some of them get freaked out that you are standing there in front of them... again!!!-You can (almost) take over mordor.-----------------------------------------------------Now here are some bad things.------------------------------------------------------I often half to be careful around walls because if I'm not, I often get stuck in them and end up having to exit to the main menu.-You can't actually conquer mordor(even though the elf queen says you can) because uruks despawn if to many of them are under your control.-----------------------------------------------------I still play Shadow of Mordor a lot, and I really think that it is worth the fifty dollars.(It was was fourty when I got it and there wasn't a sale going on)"
76561198079179152,Recommended,241930,13143702,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ArchEmperor of Dimensions,"This game is by far one of the most awsome games i have played in a long time definitly worth the money. The enemy system is fantastic and very intricate, your abilitys are really op which is both good and bad but generally the game is very smooth. The thing I enjoy most is commanding an army of orcs and caragors from the back of a graug against an army of enemy Orcs who really starting freaking out once you break there line.Excellent game 10 stars!"
,Recommended,241930,12328792,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,-=PR=-Yusuf,It's a Great game. Combat is very similar to assains creed 2 but the campain and missions feel like lotr. Buy it
76561197993914984,Recommended,241930,12444303,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,mwcharger,"gotta say this is a great game.  the quick time events can at times be a little much but it works well with the games combat system.  i love the lord of the rings and this game is a great testament to the series.  and dont worry i found that there is very little if anything that could be considered lore r@pe.  im really impressed with the controller support for this game too , absolutely no setup needed."
76561198086847256,Recommended,241930,21150115,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Jolanx,nice
76561198138950720,Recommended,241930,12736175,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,timmyewok,"This game is awesome, I played for almost5 hours straight. This game is like an assasins creed/Batman arkham asylum game. Worth the money :)"
76561198074068805,Recommended,241930,21416307,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,L'A CAPONE,"Insanely cool single player orcs killing game.Really makes you feel like you're in Lord of the Rings.Smooth combat youll never get tired of, actual hard to learn every moveyou can ride stuff.... Even giants!The system in this game consists of a lot of orc leaders, which you can let them kill eachother, or you lose a battle against an orc, and he will rise up in ranks, getting stronger and stronger when you're playing. Its a lot of fun strategy.Eventually lacks endgame. once you've done the story and slaughtered some more orcs. It gets kind off boring to cintinuely play."
76561198146698650,Recommended,241930,18192086,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Open Boob,This is probibly my favorite open world game GG warner bros
76561197986792377,Recommended,241930,13007641,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Judge Ziko the Prime of [DS],Love this game there is endless gameplay in hunting down captains due to the nemesis systemThere isnt really anything that i disliked in the game they just did a great job overall with this i definitly recommend this game!
76561198065430354,Recommended,241930,12576122,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Battlescar,Murder's Uruk gets caught runs away glitches into wall with no escape. 10/10 Glitches OP.Really though this is a great game. Alot of people complain about it being a clone of two other games but really thats what makes it aweome.The story falls a little weak but really who expected the story to be amazing with the amount of time the developers put into the nemesis system. The nemesis systems is the core of this game and it is beautiful. The available options for you to have you Uruk minons to do and how they play out make this game great. I hope more games put this type of system in them.Pros:Controls handle well.Counter system is well done.Expanse of the game with collectables is what can be expected.Nemesis System is amazing.Hunting Uruk down and causing general chaos in the Uruk heiracrchy totally worth.Cons:Found the story to be lacking. Did not feel attached to main character due to this.Some game stopping yet hilarious glitches which are few.Campaign could be a little longer.Final Thoughts:If you are looking for a good open world game which you have a good amount of influence this game is a definite buy. If you like assassin's creed and games like that then this is also worth the buy. Lotr fans this game has some interesting tie ins with the movie although the story is a little lack luster. I would reccomend this game at full price or if you can nab it at a discount. Hope this helped.
,Recommended,241930,17183049,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,HotClockits,Meh. It's alright.
,Recommended,241930,28043746,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Preet,"First off i want to say that i love the LOTR world. Kind of a nerd about it so coming into playing this game i have had my biasness.Story (10/10)Story in any game to me in any game in paramount so therefore i must say this game does not dissapoint at all. The story in this game is one of the best if not the best i have ever experienced. As i progressed throught this story i wasnt just the avenger but rather i felt like a key player in the LOTR world and how the story would eventually play out (if you read and watch LOTR movies). So the story did not dissapoint at all.Gameplay (8/10)This is where i kind of feel i am nit picky (only because its LOTR). The general combat mechanics are easy to get used to and get very proficient at. That being said you feel as though you are a baddass fighting multiple eneimes at one go and kicking the $hit out of everyone. Now killing the more difficult bosses and instances thats a different ball game, you need to do your research (intetrogate minions). You want to use every advantage you can get. So gameplay wise really well done, what i would like to see different would be the ability to maybe use different swords in the LOTR world.Graphics (9/10)One of the better looking game to me, i played it maxed out at 1080p. Enviroment looks nice, background looks really really nice. Animations are smooth and play out nicely.Overall: Buy this game its cheap as of now and well worth the time to play it."
,Recommended,241930,21175238,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RiyanRLG,"I'm making this review after finishing the main storyline. (Which took me around 15 hours of gameplay)The game is amazing,  Every action scene in the game are just wonderful. Gameplay is just like Batman and Asassin's Creed combined so if you have played any of these games before, you'll get familiar pretty fast. Storyline is enjoyable, honest, it was good, especially if you're a LOTR fans, you'll appreciate it.Now back to gameplay, actually i'm quite impressed with the world system. Hunting and and plotting to whether assassinate or rules the captains of each area is fun and is the main attraction for me in this game. Claiming your territories, expanding your army and finally Fight and make the warchief submit to you is just satisfying to do.  The battle sometimes can be very unpredictable. Once when i was fighting this one captain and all of sudden 2 other captains arrive and i was completely overwhelmed and ended up killed, it was hard. But sometimes it also can be very easy. Each captain or warchief has different set of weakness and power. Some can be killed instantly with stealth kill or some will run in fear in the sight of what they fear, it can be caragor, a graug or even a fire (lol, scared of fire) . Either way the game is really fun to play.The only complain i get for this game, is the Final Boss....How the heck that is even count as one??!!??Figthing The Tower with Stealth Kill? Figthing the Black Hand with Quick Time Event ?? Oh c'mon!!I was so exited when i'm about to fight them, I was expecting a brutal, fierce, chaotic big war !! After all of my effort dominating all the 5 Warchief !! Dissappointed in that.... . .Figthing the 5 Hands is also easy.... . .Figthing the Hammer (middle boss) is way harded than that...That aside... i would recommend this game to anyone who wants to spend some of his/her time playing a good quality games.Good Stuff !!Now, i'm gonna do all of the side mission !!! (a lot of 'em, lol)EDIT :Now that i'm done doing all the DLC, let's talk a lil' bit more.I'm gonna be honest here, Lord of The hunt DLC is so so, a little bit harder than story mode, but end pretty quick, The new monster system are good though, so yea.. Nice little DLC.The Bright Lord DCL on the other hand is a masterpiece on its own. Seriously, we play as Celebrimbor and must conquer Sauron's Army one by one just like in the story mode, BUT HARDER (Most of the captain and warchief are above level 20). What's more challanging is that Cerebrimbor only had half of the stat from maxed out Talion on story mode and Can't slow time when shooting, making it harder to shoot when in Chaotic battle. That aside, after Building the 5 tower and Branding all the 5 warchief, we're gonna face Sauron and this time, it's not gonna be like the lame battle we had in story mode. But anway, i thought it's gonna be easy to face Sauron because i had 5 warchief on my side but after some battle going on, Sauron take controll of all the Warchief and we defeat all the 5 Warchief AT THE SAME TIME (MY GOD THAT WAS HARD) and after doing so, Sauron appear again and this time HE REVIVE ALL THE WARCHIEF I'VE KILLED. My God.. In the end, i must fill my One Ring gauge to defeat Sauron. In the end, It was the most Satisfying battle I've had in Shadow of Mordor, really, the best one turn out to be in the DLC."
,Recommended,241930,12332057,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kobe Bryant from the Lake,"TL;DR Good game, grab it when it goes on sale.If you only do the story quests, it will probably take you about 6 hours to beat total.  There's a ton of content, but a lot of it is repetitive and the only satisfaction you get is getting closer to 100% completion.The combat mechanics are very similar to Assassins Creed with the dodging and countering every attack, but it has quite a few added flares (as it should, considering combat seems to be the major focus of this game).  The stealth/climbing is similar to Assassin's Creed as well except there's not a huge amount of climbable terrain outside of strongholds.The story is great, but shortlived.  It seems like they took a story that could last five times as long and shortened it down due to time constraints or laziness.Overall a good game, but definitely not worth the $50 they're asking for at release.  Get it when it goes on sale, if I had to do it again, I'd pay no more than $20 for it."
,Recommended,241930,21819050,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Karlak The Harvestor Of Souls,"Another game i played a crazy amount of time with on the Xbox One, this game is an absolute masterpiece, minus the disgusting ending but we won't talk to much about that.This game is the lovechild of Assassin's Creed and the whole LOTR lore. An absolute class game, with plenty of content and  the nemesis system is great, many hours to be had just manipulating the Orc ranks at your whim!"
76561198123914347,Recommended,241930,13857675,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Croustibat,Its cool
,Recommended,241930,12445712,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Sherm,Great game would recommend
,Recommended,241930,30689134,Posted: 23 March,all,bprashanth.gi,"For single player, Batman Arkham series like action. Recommended. Enjoyable and engaging storyline."
,Recommended,241930,23531286,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Zezima #GUWOP,Ork genocide simulator 2015
,Recommended,241930,21634296,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Orthodoctus,"This game could've been a lot better if they had worked more on the story, characters, map and side quests. The world feels barren, the story is short and not fleshed out well, and the side quests are really boring. Thankfully, the combat system is great and managed to entertain me enough to give this a thumbs up.The nemesis system is neat, but given that the Uruks are randomly generated, they make poor bosses with little personality.In short, it's a decent game, that feels like a cross between Assassin's Creed and Batman games, gameplay-wise."
76561198016729511,Recommended,241930,12693008,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,hartmann256,I have just start playing the game and already could see how amazing job it was done. Great game!
,Recommended,241930,12471231,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Lazy Town is The Best Anime,"Just finished the story.The gameplay is very fun and rewarding if you're into the Arkham City style free flow combat and combo system.The Story, in my opinion, is very dull and predictable and I did not enjoy it even though I love everything related to Lord Of The Rings.Overall the game is fun and rewarding but if you're looking for a compelling story this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,241930,23675940,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Durdles,"I'm by no means a hardcore gamer.  I like to win and I like to gallavant around my digital world beating everything within and inch of its life causing great chaos.  I don't even like combat that much and get lazy when it comes to stealth.  Storyline is boring but it's clearly not what this game is selling so it's not really a dealbreaker for me.  It also has a playable female character (though in cutscenes you'll be shown as the default ManPain McAngst) which is always a plus.-Stealth kills easy to make and immensely satifying (but some enemies are immune, so watch out!)-Combat system very intuitive and the tooltips that can be enabled will walk you through it in-combat for the whole game if you want to in an actually helpful way-No real loot, but it helps me stay focused on my main objective- murder-Being able to brand animals like graugs and caragors means my potential chaos level is multiplied exponentially as I turn hordes of them loose in enemy strongholds and let them do the work for me.It can be a very challenging game if desired, but its' easy level settings are very well suited to a more casual style that just wants to watch Mordor burn."
,Recommended,241930,23700052,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Monadhyl Lisaquatch,The Lord of the Rings: Arkham's Creedno more to say. 11/10.
76561198071393090,Recommended,241930,23715103,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Onion Kung,"This game is what it will be like if murderous Batman is in Mordor, with a flaming sword and a magical elfen bow in hand."
,Recommended,241930,30796009,Posted: 28 March,all,PuR3,Great Game
,Recommended,241930,22824129,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Shardj ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),A really enjoyable experience and storyline. I wouldn't recommend the last DLC though.
76561198208784836,Recommended,241930,23762510,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,WOOGIE,"This game is really good. It grasps the concepts of Middle Earth and keeps some of the best characters in the Lord Of The Rings Trilogy. In game it is very interesting to Talions story, and switch between the living and the death realms. Throughout the game you earn new abilities and ride beasts that you always wanted to see the main heroes in the trilogy ride. Overall the only bad thing about this game is the way the Captains are set. Whenever you get killed the person that killed you will challenge another uruk if he wins he will move up a rank. That will continuously happen until you kill him. If you get this game expecting to run into battle chop off some uruk heads and get out alive you are wrong. This game is almost impossible if you run into battle guns blazing don't get the game if you expect that. The game mostly realise on stealth. I rate this a 9/10."
76561198054428102,Recommended,241930,23820525,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Natalie,Great game with great graphics and gameplay! get this if you are into LOTR world and into action games!take note: its kinda repetitive. but if you can live with it then this game will satisfy you.
76561198067374247,Recommended,241930,12532896,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Knucklehead,Best game I've played all year.
76561198059043608,Recommended,241930,23846471,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,embg07,"Can't decide if this game reminds me more of Arkham or Assassins Creed. Either way, gameplay is solid and the Nemisis System makes this game enjoyable"
76561197970500440,Recommended,241930,23999253,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,wyrm001,"Short version:Fun game, but no replay value once you hit the end.  Buy it on sale for a good deal.Longer:For reference, I did most of the side quest lines, but got bored and stopped pursuing them with about 90% completion on most.  Had almost all warlords and captains turned, but didn't go for 100% for the same reason.Fun-=Very dynamic player character.  As has been said ad nauseum, very reminescent of Arkhum Knight.=Very amusing to subvert the entire army of the enemy if you have the patience for it.=The nemesis system makes for some fun fight introductions if you don't properly execute captains- thus allowing them to return to fight again.Not so good-=Gets repetitive after a while.  30 iterations of the same missions in different locations.=Once you've played for 15-20 hours, you've seen and likely beaten every combination of captain stats that exist.=Only the first boss fight out of 3 is a fight.  The other 2 are reduced to quick time events.  Yay! I pressed 2 buttons and thus beat the game's biggest badass!"
,Recommended,241930,12415862,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,freeze,"Absolutely amazing game. Draws you in and doesn't let go.Loses some points for a bland story, but the gameplay is phenomenal.Buy this... You won't regret it."
,Recommended,241930,33233092,Posted: 4 July,all,EasyTarget,After finishing all main quest this game is too easy to beat.
76561198126285969,Recommended,241930,33191879,Posted: 3 July,all,Mojojojo,"If you can get this in the steam sale, do.I have loved every second of this game, it is similar to assassins creed brotherhood and batman arkham city (I am yet to play later games in those franchises), but the lord of the rings world is truly gripping and there are so many unique elements to this game that have been executed expertly.I am strongly considering paying full price for the up-coming sequel!"
,Recommended,241930,25431732,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Let'sAllRelax,"Fun while it lasts...If it's on sale, definitely worth it.Otherwise, if you have plenty of money, also worth."
76561198022951753,Recommended,241930,33191837,Posted: 3 July,all,Blackdepp,"Shadows of Mordor is an okay game in my opinion. It has a very smooth gameplay and good visuals. It's very intuitive and not very hardware demanding. But the way this game tries to tell it's story kinda ♥♥♥♥s me up. Besides that the missions are very repetitive. And no matter how good the combat system is, at some point you want to do something else but the game doesn't offer you anything else besides fightning and running around (and reading texts with backround information). All together it is a good game and the things it does it does good but there are some things missing, making it a perfect game. Like non combat related side content or a better way of story telling.(7/10)"
76561197991841696,Recommended,241930,33201908,Posted: 3 July,all,Eighties-Rock,Shadow of Mordor easily qualifies as one of my favorite games. The character control is similar to Assassin Creed but has much better combat options. The bosses have different abilities that require strategy to defeat them.  Failing to beat them will give them new abilities as they level up which is mechanism I have never seen used before. The story line is compelling and fits well withing the Middle-earth genre.
,Recommended,241930,33175875,Posted: 3 July,all,SquiDDD.,"The game is very good, looking forward to Shadow of War,3.99,it was like an autobuy.10/10"
,Recommended,241930,30451320,Posted: 11 March,all,Belboska the Spooper,This game is hard and annoying but funthe annoying part is when the orcs gain more power and can kill you more eaislythe fun part is when you stab the face of the ones who killed youalso you can ride monsters and be a wraith thingie
,Recommended,241930,32819039,Posted: 26 June,all,Nizon,Nemesis system is sick
76561198123269197,Recommended,241930,33182183,Posted: 3 July,all,Ayrion,This game is something. 10/10 Would something again.
76561198107310222,Recommended,241930,33172435,Posted: 3 July,all,That Friendly Panda,Love this game can't wait till the new one comes out.
,Recommended,241930,33186737,Posted: 3 July,all,SaMuR1,gucci
76561198287938245,Recommended,241930,33222980,Posted: 4 July,all,neriazadok7,gret game. I realy recommend this game.
,Recommended,241930,33221406,Posted: 4 July,all,Kiwow,I find this to be a good game to just chill and kill Orcs. The story isn't too great and the final boss was incredibly dissapointing (if you can even call it a bossfight).
,Recommended,241930,13687848,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ginger Knight,"I first played this game on my buddy's PC, that... he... probably got... by paying with his money, I think... Anywho.. the first few hours of gameplay would feel like you're in a J.R.R. Tolkien's World as Batman that slits throats, but no, this game is all about cutthroat politics, I mean in the beginning of the game,you get your throat cut and thenyou  get to cut some poor Uruk's throat and so on. Even your finisher's a throat cutting slice!!!The game introduces the awesome nemesis system (nemesystem? I guess?) that is revolutionary, in my opinion. It's probably gonna beripped off--ahem--used  by another game, in the near future, Assassin's Creed or even Batman, at that... Wouldn't it be awesome if Batman can fight his nemeses like Deathstroke that continually becomes stronger as you play??Aaaanyways, this game is totally recommended for you LOTR fans out there, if you love Batman : Arkham series, you'll probably gonna love this one, buy it when it's on sale, don't think... buy...Totally gonna cut an Uruk's throat 10/10recommended!!!"
76561197978541261,Recommended,241930,33243963,Posted: 4 July,all,PlanetLotus,"Amazing game. In addition to what everyone else has said...Disclaimer:I haven't finished the game yet but the game says I'm about 88% through it.Pros:- Game runs very well with no frame dropping at high settings, capped at 60 FPS with vsync on (I have a GeForce 770 GTX)- No bugs that I've noticed other than some model clipping...only a visual detail though- New mechanics get introduced throughout the entire game which keeps gameplay fresh. I didn't find any of these mechanics useless...they're all the right tool for some situation- I love the collectibles! It's not so many that it'll take all day to get, and they're all marked on your map, but still gives some satisfaction of exploring the map and finding thingsCons (only minor):- Horizontal lines occasionally appear. I thought vsync was supposed to fix this. It seemed to help but not eliminate the problem. This is at 60 FPS (capped) with vsync on.- For some people (like me), ergonomics matter. This game abuses your right hand if you use a controller. You'll be holding the right trigger down for a good portion of the game which did end up stressing my wrist a bit. This might be customizable...it wasn't enough of an issue until the endgame so I didn't bother looking into itOther thoughts:The difficulty curve is really odd. In my experience, the first few hours of the game were hardest. I died a few times when I found out some captains hit really hard. Others don't. There is no obvious correlation to me on how ""hard"" a captain (boss) is to beat even with their strengths and power level known. Some are hard, others (even at the top) are super easy. The side missions related to your weapons can also be quite challenging toward the end, mostly because when you fail them, the game keeps you where you are and you have to flee and run back to the starting point. For main missions, it'll restart just that last checkpoint which is much better. In general, the bosses and main missions seemed to get easier throughout the game whereas the side missions got harder."
,Recommended,241930,33221122,Posted: 4 July,all,Verizino,"Great gameplay, excellent combat system, superb movement and backed by one of the best themes of any game. To be honest this game is worth getting even if it isn't on sale. I guarantee you'll love it after the first half hour as much as I did, from which i went on to finish the game in 4 days :)"
,Recommended,241930,33092349,Posted: 1 July,all,Assface,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Morder is an expansive open world third person adventure set in Tolkens universe of the LOTR (Lord Of The Rings).This game is jammed packed with content, and although it can be repetitive the combat and customization mechanics give this game endless replayability. Would recommend especially if you loved The Lord Of The Rings books or movies."
,Recommended,241930,33236487,Posted: 4 July,all,Twitch.tv/cliffythegamer,This game is pretty dope i mean who wouldnt want to be a half man half wraith assassin dropping down and stabbing orcs in the head. All in all i rate this game 7/10 too many orcs
,Recommended,241930,33235821,Posted: 4 July,all,AutisticBoogaloo69,Really fun hack and slash game with a little bit of story with it too.
,Recommended,241930,17945697,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Vandal Savant,"A modestly open-world game with a lot of lovingly crafted orc-executing animations, and randomly generated orc captains who may or not have a hilariously broken trait combination that becomes your bane of existence. The in-game photography tool is also pretty cool for capturing interesting moments and points of pride.P.S.Don't invest into extra health points at all if you want to be a true manly man."
76561198038552111,Recommended,241930,25212635,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Phruler,Good game
76561198150127894,Recommended,241930,24068819,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,a0metal0edge,"Played through it. It's worth checking out. it's like Batman Arkhym City  and LOTR combined. Not bad, for 10 bucks USD. Definitly worth playing through. Plus there is a bench mark in the settings thats fun to run. also, the names of the orcs are fun to say.And ya, if you are a true LOTR fan you will shake your head alot at the story."
,Recommended,241930,24440221,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Essential Maths,Amazing game but extremely difficult to master.
76561198035712740,Recommended,241930,21113559,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ultra-Violence,"This game has my mouse, my keyboard and it carries the nerd of us all."
76561198131732852,Recommended,241930,15832314,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,The Later,:)
,Recommended,241930,15935655,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,FreelancerFL,"I think I keep dying because I fight captains 1v3 with like 15 scrubs around me after stealth killing a captain. By the time I realize I should probably nope out four scrubs go to dunk me, one actually does and gets promoted.mfw kills captain, gets replaced almost immediately because I'm too cocky.Got 2 captains killed within an hour and half or so. Didn't subtract the time it took to get the settings in order and I had to change my pants after the cut scenes and intro, so in about 40 or so minutes of play I've unlocked most of the t1 powers and killed who knows how many scrubs and two captains, one during the 1v3's, would have killed an elite captain but a scrub decided to be a hero and sacrificed himself to save him.11/10"
,Recommended,241930,14570939,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Accepted,"This game is amazing with its fluent game mechanics such as the combat, movement, enemy AI, and so on. This game extremely cheered me up do to its Jesus like rising during the reign of 2014♥♥♥♥♥♥fest of games. It came out of a cave and said to the gamers of the world ""Do not worry my children, I am here to save you, do not fear"".In other words if you don't have this game, you must buy it, play it, and play it again till you don't want to play, then after that...keep playing. 10/10"
76561198088213222,Recommended,241930,13821959,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Zack Fair,"The game mechanics are very well thought out, the Sauron army has filled a huge space in the game and given you always something to do. Shame the game's main story is short, Still a really good game."
76561198055342723,Recommended,241930,14995855,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Never Again,- After playing the game for about 10 minutes I found a mountian troll- Decide that I can kill it- Completly and utterly destoryed by this mountain troll as he bounces my rag doll of a corpse across the ground10/10 would get trolled again
,Recommended,241930,17377555,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Archer,"Shallow, but enjoyable for what it is. If you liked the combat of Arkham you will probably enjoy this. It's most lacking feature is the storyline/boss fights. You don't even get to fight sauron which is a big let down. If you can get past a bad ending and bad bossfights and still enjoy the hack and slash arkham styled combat against an onslaught of neverending orcs, then get this game. The nemesis system is really nice to, gives it a little more life and more to do."
,Recommended,241930,12715070,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Kruxxor,"I went through 'phases' with this game. Anywhere between asking myself 'Am I enjoying the game?' to 'This game is incredible!'The game feels like a illegitimate sexy love child of Batman (Arkham Asylum etc) and Assassin's Creed.The combat is BatmanThe exploration and 'towers' are very Assassin's Creed - The ranger man even has his own version of 'Eagle Vision'.The game can be quite memorable, mostly due to the Orc Captains / Warchiefs. Each time you encounter one (If you don't one shot it) greets you in his own way.No two Orc captains / warchiefs are the same - At least I never came across two who looked identical, and I killed quite a few of them.Occasionally an Orc will, by some super evil magic, somehow come back to life, even if you decapitated the damn thing.He will remember your last encounter and make some snide comment to you and threaten your life.My only complaint about the same is regarding the 'ganging' up of the Orc captains / warchiefs. On occasions (far too many to count) I was met by 3-4 captains at a time. This isn't really much a big deal, sure they could potentially kill you, especially if they're crossbow using ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.The main concern with this was that if one attempted to flee you were met with a choice - Persure the fleeing one and let the other two get away, or let him flee and try to kill the other two.Either scenario lets an Orc or Orcs get away, become more powerful and potentially become resistant to more types of attack, which, in turn, could lead to an Orc immune to almost everything.All in all I would give this game a Saurons Mouth out of 10."
76561198023060637,Recommended,241930,12515223,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Moist souls,"Decent game, good mechanics, good graphics. Feels like dishonored, with more emphasis on combat rather than stealth. Really good and fairly challenging early on, but gets so easy after you get the first ""ultimate skill"" that there is pretty much no way to ever die unless you actually try to remain in danger indefinitely.Loses all challenge whatsoever when you get access to brand.Great timesink for dumb fun, nothing worth mentioning in regards to story or characterization, but if you honestly think a game that is based on a movie that pretends it's canon is going to be coherent the problem might not be with the game.9/10 for the first 10-20 hours, 2/10 for all hours thereafter, thankfully the story is short as hell, so not many hours left after 20 unless you mess around like I do."
76561198130953147,Recommended,241930,18158632,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Andromeda,I slapped a guy to deathslap/10
76561198077509941,Recommended,241930,13658737,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,081301eh,LIke assassins creed but better and runs
,Recommended,241930,13352956,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Wondercracken11,Awsome
,Recommended,241930,18319600,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,UMBRA,"I'm pretty late to this game, but it's one hell of a ride. The actual open-world/parkour/tower climbing/collectible snagging bit is solid (with the artifacts with their 'memory spots' being a real treat), but the nemesis system and the randomly unfolding events that come from it is by far the best feature along with the ability you gain halfway in to control your own Uruks, instigate power struggles and cause chaos. The presentation is great, the combat fluid and fun, and all in all I'd recommend it to basically anyone who enjoys Lord of the Rings and actiony-adventurey open world games.That being said, some of the later missions impose instant failure-state stealth sections, and when a game gives you so many solid tools, locking them away kinda sucks. That's about my only negative, though.Also, if you're a Tolkein purist, your head may explode. Just...treat it like an alternate universe story, all right?"
76561198166193773,Recommended,241930,18167727,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Yuri(/・ω・)/,good !!
,Recommended,241930,12965866,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Birdy,"Amazing game, really lives up to its reviews."
,Recommended,241930,21112056,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,REARIS 'JELENDIL',"Really fun game. Adds to the amazing world of Tolkien in a great way. Nemisis system is fun to use. Not to difficult but i like that, because i'm not that great at these kind of games"
,Recommended,241930,18955614,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Touriste,"With all this orces slauthering, the only feature missing is moving corpse to make a pile.How can I enjoy my fetish?"
,Recommended,241930,19676220,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Edenesable,'z good
76561197963954046,Recommended,241930,18460388,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Spectral Vengeance,"""Alas poor Orcik, I (never) knew him well"" Cutting heads off before speaking....10/10""Don't lose your head, when all those around are losing theirs"" Keeping your head... 10/10""In the midnight hour, she cried More Mordor"" 10/10Recommended!"
,Recommended,241930,18843107,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Revolutionary Badass,"I'm not much of a critic, but I'm still playing this game over a year after it came out. I think that says enough.It might also just say that I have a serious addiction to orc murder."
,Recommended,241930,12449498,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Scrubbers,"PC Mouse and Keyboard here. Please fix this annoying this where you have to wriggle your mouse around to get out of a downed state. I have DUAL (meaning 2) monitors, and I can never tell what is going on. It may be fine and dandy on console but please just fix this for PC. Needless deaths, when I can recover. The buttons randomize to who knows what on my keyboard.Please just patch in a simple way to do this. The game is great by the way."
,Recommended,241930,23354490,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,BRangerOP(William Moretti),Very well made game
,Recommended,241930,23345191,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,kennykazee,"gameplay is familiar if you've played Batman and Assassin's Creed series. it's not necessarily a bad thing.i played the game for its story and i wasn't disappointed. but maybe that's because i'm a huge LOTR fan.after spending a few hours into the game, tasks can get a bit tedious... but i'd still recommend this game.. it's worth my money.."
76561198018096684,Recommended,241930,23348234,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,mfedyaev1,"OS X port is excellent, runs smooth on Macbook Pro mid-2014, Core i7, Nvidia GT 750M, El Capitan. DISABLE USB Overdrive for the controller and/or mouse!Otherwise, controller buttons won't work and mouse look will be very uncomfortable.Windows version is even more awesome (Desktop, Core i7, Nvidia GTX 750 Ti, Win8.1).Batman/Arkham-style fighting, but even better and much more satisfying, with actual killing and gore.Amazing graphics, open world, great controls, very dynamic. Unparalleled modern beat'em up with stealth and shooting. Authentic, very believable LoR world. You absolutely need a controller with feedback."
,Recommended,241930,12376001,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Zanlo,The combat in this game is heavily based around the combat from the batman arkham games so if you don't like that type of combat don't get this game.
76561198236038360,Recommended,241930,21398722,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,ΗΘΤ(☺)SHΘΤ,Totally Awesome!
,Recommended,241930,12804311,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ronald McDonald,"For starters, this game does not feel anything like an Assassin's Creed game. If anything this feels closer to a Batman Arkham game only because the combat system is very similar, but since it's published by the same publisher, it can be more forgiving.With that aside Shadow of Mordor is a very unique game that introduces one of the most revolutionary system into gaming: The Nemesis System. which may not seem noticeable at first, but will see how truly amazing it is later on. In addition, it gives a fun perspective and story that fits in between The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings, even though it might not be considered Canon.Pros:•	Very good story with good character development on Talion and the side characters•	Excellent combat system (with the help of Nemesis not making it feel very repetitive)•	Want to do side quests and get collectables (I found myself straying off the main quests and doing challenges and collectables than in other open world games).Cons:As an open-world RPG player, I only have two things that I would have liked (can't really call them cons since it's not an RPG). I felt it was short (about twelve - fifteen hours for 100% completion) and the story ended fast, I was expecting a lot more in terms of that and I have felt that the open world was a bit smaller than others. Again I'm accustomed to huge open world with spending 20 - 40 hours on a game, but this is more of an adventure than an RPG so I can't put it on that standard."
76561198172069094,Recommended,241930,22844901,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BJK 1903,"The best of LOTR game, but only single player. The game has advanced photo mode to take a screenshot. Great 3D modeling, recommend it."
,Recommended,241930,23048277,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,GIFIDIDY,"Have not finished it but I love this game. Great open world with various side quests and things to collect. Controlls feel a little clunky but not bad once you get the hang of it. If you want an open world game where you can hack and slash, this is the game"
76561198067206611,Recommended,241930,20543916,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Zeltic01,"This game has a very mature and heartbreaking story of vengence. It pulls on you heart strings from time to time and it actually makes you feel like the badd♥♥♥♥♥you are. The combat is great, the story is great, everything about this game is great. From 3 different campaigns to timed challenges, to interesting side missions. This game has it all, Buy it, probably one of my favorite games of 2015 next to Witcher 3"
,Recommended,241930,13870579,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,WebWolf,"One of the best games I have played this year, Although it is only single player it has a great story and a amazing combat system. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,241930,21657220,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mcpardog,"If your looking for a intense, long, great story game of Middle Earth this is 420% the game for you!"
,Recommended,241930,12960203,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,sentry_sez:meow!,"omg omg, i just can't stop killing orcs! just slashing and sneaking through hordes of orcs is wonderful! the story is good too (as far as i know, was busy burning, beheading and stabbing orcs!!!) ... this game looked fun on youtube but it's way better playing it for yourself! best game with lotr setting EVER!"
76561198028577649,Recommended,241930,22227520,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Boblackson34,Buy it
,Recommended,241930,22769127,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ALEX,"Enjoyed it! Not much of a story, not meaning it was bad, but the ending seemed rushed - 8/10. The game action, controls and effects - 10/10."
,Recommended,241930,22921028,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Rajnovich,"Great game overall, decent story. Some of the best combat I've seen in a game in terms of entertainment value. I could slice up orcs all day, and I have. Most of my hours were put into the main story, the DLC is sort of meh in comparison but still worth a few hours. Get this on sale and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,241930,22747122,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Photoss,"Brawler masterpiece. I feel so powerful playing this game, but it's still dificult."
76561197987473271,Recommended,241930,19686619,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,I_Got_Your_6,"Kinda feels like your doing the same thing over and over. But a very nice game with good graphic's. You can change your play still based on what you upgrade, but it seems limited to what the game wants you to do. I still would recommend this game. Reminds me of Batman style with Assasins creed fighting."
,Recommended,241930,22247314,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Nimmy,"Imagine a world where only you, ogres, and gumby-like monsters exist - then add generic scenery and make it heavy on the cutscenes.  You will then have this game, a game...Where you mash the buttons like crazy and avoid that skill where you do more damage if you time your attacks because, button mashing.Would buy again."
76561198082936328,Recommended,241930,15868033,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Theodorus,BEST BEST BEST
,Recommended,241930,22580538,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,AlternateEnding,"Chop, Chop, Slice SliceI'll cut you once, twice, trice.10/10 would man swine again"
76561198130074753,Recommended,241930,24149644,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jewkester,"Very fun and gloriously violent game. Graphics are splendid, gameplay is solid (plays exactly like the Arkham games) and the parkour is better than Assassin's Creed in many ways. Only negatives about this game are the boss fights... especially the end. Horribe, unforgivable, and lazy. Could have been a great boss fight... But, overall this is a pretty solid and fun game."
,Recommended,241930,33118024,Posted: 1 July,all,♠dsn♠,"Great Game.Recommended.Bought if for S$6 , worth it.Don't hesitate , Buy now!"
,Recommended,241930,33103313,Posted: 1 July,all,Darkireland,Relly good game does the batman thing better than batman
,Recommended,241930,33137211,Posted: 2 July,all,[G]OLLUM,Worth every penny! Can't wait for Shadow of Mordor.
76561198004574895,Recommended,241930,12327986,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,CygnusX1™,Really good 9/10
,Recommended,241930,33090913,Posted: 1 July,all,Linehodres,"Never played this kind of game before, and now i'm hooked."
,Recommended,241930,33125876,Posted: 2 July,all,MrBrassika,very recommended game if u have good pc ~sadly you can't use Trainer :(overall its goood game
,Recommended,241930,32888541,Posted: 27 June,all,ProcK,Good Game. Pretty like Skyrim.
76561198038103494,Recommended,241930,33139255,Posted: 2 July,all,[20r] Powtmow,"One of the best game i've ever played and this, only after 2 hours of play."
,Recommended,241930,33141679,Posted: 2 July,all,The spoopy Turtle,"it's a good game, i'll give them that but i found myself button smashig a lot of the time. besides that the story has got me hooked!"
,Recommended,241930,32880810,Posted: 27 June,all,YoloCrayolo3,"Nice gameplay, main cutscenes are pre-recorded but load instantly even without an SSD, which is really good for people that are playing at low or mid settings."
,Recommended,241930,14362632,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Just Fred,"This is a fun game. It is kinda short, and the last boss fight is a bit underwhelming, but overall topnotch title."
,Recommended,241930,32907013,Posted: 27 June,all,wyler,nice graphics!
76561198092704500,Recommended,241930,33202534,Posted: 3 July,all,El Nech,Alta viciada me pegué
76561198245281398,Recommended,241930,33101548,Posted: 1 July,all,Boi He Not Schleep,Gameplay is fun and provides instances where it can be difficult as well. Very good game.
,Recommended,241930,33218729,Posted: 4 July,all,flux,"It's like playing Arkham City/Origins, but in a better sandbox format and with better boss fight freedom. The fast travel function on the map is similar to Skyrim, making the path to traveling to missions easy.Better buy this before the sale ends."
,Recommended,241930,12326299,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Siebz,"Games have been getting boring for me recently and I personally was looking for something new and interesting.  Shadow Of Mordor caught my attention.  Sure it has subtle hints of other games, but it is still quite a game on its own.  Even after the story there is a ton to do.  Anything from side quests to secrets that need to be found.  They even have mission to create the legend of the main character.  Also the most unique gameplay would have to be the ork leaders that you can face.  They all have unique fighting techniques and individualized personalities.  This could range from one ork who just laughs like a maniac to an ork who speaks poetry as he fights.  Even after you kill them more come up to take their place.  Endless gameplay, unique features, and just beautiful scenes of mordor before the ring wars are why I recommend this game.9/10"
76561197985936610,Recommended,241930,12329538,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Praxis,The most fun I've had in years!
,Recommended,241930,12359159,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Nuck Fugget,"Such a great game. Really enjoyed playing through the story mode and once you're done with that there is still plenty to do. just an overall amazing game. i definitly recommend it to everyone who enjoys open world games.the combat is very fluid and challenging at the same time, it manages to make you feel strong and powerful like you should but also without making the game a walk in the park. the one downside i found was the ending, i would of liked a proper boss fight instead of a crappy quick time event :(i would rate this game 9.5/10"
76561198038036811,Recommended,241930,12367054,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Joehan,"I shot a Orc in the face,, he died 10/10"
76561197997736618,Recommended,241930,12370398,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Concept,I got a orc named Tumhorn Halfling-Lover promoted to warcheif. 11/10
76561198008389995,Recommended,241930,12412217,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Klucky,An orc stabbed me in the face and got a burning hat......Team fortress reborn. 10/10 would get facestabbed again.
76561198015779583,Recommended,241930,12449960,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Kashinto Himaru,Awesome game and really impressive grafic's! Works well on the R9 295x2 set to ULTRA :D Won't stop playing this game!
76561198098108878,Recommended,241930,12544599,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Sensfan99,"Awsome game with a lot of unique mechanics, plus the nemisis system is a really cool idea."
,Recommended,241930,12509373,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,AidanShieldbear,"Really enjoyed this game. Takes some of the best bits of Batman Arkham and Assassins Creed, adds the Nemesis System which is a great bit of innovation and presents it all in Tolkien's Middle-earth.10 out of 10."
,Recommended,241930,13010327,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Spooky Memes™,"if you like awsome combt, a great stroyline, and awsome graphics, then this game is for you"
76561198014272465,Recommended,241930,12735758,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,GnrlRumproast,"This is one of the most fun games I have played in a long time.  The graphics are great and the Nemesis system that this game uses adds a ton of re-playability.  If anyone is on the fence about this game or hasn't heard of it, BUY. THIS. GAME!"
76561198063051464,Recommended,241930,14837606,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,ShianLK,I don't know what is main objective of this game except kill and kill orcs until I got Brand (control orcs skill).Now I know what should I do.I shall rule Mordor !!!
76561198086308254,Recommended,241930,13999399,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ChilliFries,"Yes this game is def worth buying for, i mean just look at the reviews“AMAZING”9.3/10 – IGN“Revolutionary”5/5 – Joystiq“Remarkable”4.5/5 – VideoGamer"
,Recommended,241930,13779758,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,slime paper,This game is super fun.
76561197982772308,Recommended,241930,13733627,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Diamond Laser,10/10 Best game of the year
,Recommended,241930,13145329,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Butterman2398,Pros: Almost everthingCons: The final boss fight(was just a test of could you get your mouse in the circle and press a button. I expected more.
76561197971367044,Recommended,241930,13020025,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Sn@p,"This is a very fun game, Ive enjoyed very much."
,Recommended,241930,12451815,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,PhillyAnt (Kildayen),"I'm having lots of fun with this game. I have somewhere around 30 hours played so far. It can get repetative at times but the graphics and action keep me going. Sometimes I find myself laughing at the things I hear the orcs saying. I was a little concerned about how nice this game would look and run, but after I got it all those concerns went away. It is beautiful and runs super smooth. I play it at 1440 (80%) resolution and am getting decent fps. My system consists of a GTX 980 GPU, ASUS Maximus Hero 7 with 16gb of ram, etc. I also have the ROG Swift monitor. Playing this game on this monitor with Gsync is a whole bunch of awesomeness! If you are using mouse/keyboard to play it can get kinda tricky. There are LOTS of keys to master and are all in the same area. I need about 4 more fingers on my left hand. I purchased the xbox controller to use for this game but after I hooked it up I decided I didnt want to learn all the keys again, so I am still using my keyboard. If you are on the fence about purchasing this game, just do it. You will have fun!"
,Recommended,241930,12471149,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Shizzlenator,It's just common sense.
,Recommended,241930,12343306,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Nixx,"Do you like killing orcs in open combat?Do you like stabbing orcs from stealth?Do you like sticking orcs with arrows?No? Well don't buy, because that is what this game is all about and it's a great big barrel of Orc-murdering frolicks and fun10/10 would stab another Uruk-hai"
,Recommended,241930,32910460,Posted: 27 June,all,Skyze,"Gets swarmed by bunch of orcs with no upgrades, some how managed to survive for 5 minutesGets swarmed by bunch of orcs with a decent amount of upgrades, kills every orc"
76561198028104007,Recommended,241930,33004399,Posted: 29 June,all,Gendgi,"Awesome game, and for this price its a really good Bargain! Get it now! :)"
,Recommended,241930,33004307,Posted: 29 June,all,"cout << ""Mango_Jason"";",Nice
,Recommended,241930,33013141,Posted: 29 June,all,CRIMSON,10/10  space does♥♥♥♥♥♥all
76561198000570357,Recommended,241930,33016850,Posted: 29 June,all,Mendigo Satanista,"one of the best game the batle is so much dinamic have some things with the perseptions of the orc but have some fights it's hard xD and good plot =) and nice people like blink, havok path UHUL! for the nature"
,Recommended,241930,33023173,Posted: 29 June,all,rikerale,Great Game!!
,Recommended,241930,33028022,Posted: 30 June,all,Thunderstruck,"BUY IT ON THE SALE!Overall is this just you average RPG game, however the nemesis system (google is your friend) makes this game so much more interesting."
76561198086485255,Recommended,241930,33060645,Posted: 30 June,all,Crass,"Pretty fun game overall, interesting mechanics such as the 'Nemesis' system - One problem I have with it is that it is rather unrewarding in terms of the collectables and side missions; hours of searching and grinding is rewarded with...weapon reskins... Oh and a shiny ingame mural/poemI did, however, enjoy searching for the 'Artifacts' which allow you to listen to memories - small snippets of lore and stories of other characters in the Middle-Earth universe.I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Tolkien's universe or games with solid combat and stealth"
76561197968229441,Recommended,241930,33079503,Posted: 1 July,all,MaGiX,"MUST BUY at Summer Sale. Superb graphics, great gameplay, nice storyline, amazing mixture of stealth and action fighting sequences. Even on an older computer system, Quad Core AMD with Radeon R9 280 very enjoyable. You are crazy should you miss it!"
76561198144004380,Recommended,241930,15200613,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,-VinCe-,Incredible combat mechanics and variety of finishing moves..
76561198250318320,Recommended,241930,33095685,Posted: 1 July,all,DemonKeeper,is an rly good game
76561198079651808,Recommended,241930,33039134,Posted: 30 June,all,Mordrain,"If an Assassin's Creed, Batman and Samurai Warriors title had a love child in the world and lore of Lord of the Rings. Combat is great, and bosses have varried and random powers. Story and plot are enjoyable. Sound and music are pretty good. Overall 8.7/10"
,Recommended,241930,33104873,Posted: 1 July,all,Kleptopanda,Love this game and cant wait for the second one to come out
76561198307449938,Recommended,241930,33108686,Posted: 1 July,all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,BUY THIS FUCING GAMING NOW THAT IT IS $4 !!!!!!!!!!!
76561198065746084,Recommended,241930,33104250,Posted: 1 July,all,Sil-O-Nator,"i just bought it, and i started to play and i just kept playing and then i realysed that i had played for 10 hours in a row.its a really awsome game you should get it."
,Recommended,241930,33036724,Posted: 30 June,all,Dem ☭,An absolute 10/10 game!!
,Recommended,241930,32841575,Posted: 26 June,all,SaxoRamirez,The best Legend of Zelda ever made!
76561198000381002,Recommended,241930,33253721,Posted: 4 July,all,Sebivine,"Good game, no point in not picking it up if its on steam sale... 4 euro for the game + every dlc included xD what a steal for a good game, a bit repetitious but great"
76561198092740723,Recommended,241930,33272560,Posted: 5 July,all,zombakias_p,I am a big fan of the lord of the rings and hobbit triologies and this gsme mayde me feel soo awesome!! 100/10 !
,Recommended,241930,33227426,Posted: 4 July,all,HampTC,"It is a nice game, but it can get repetitive at times. The combat feels very satisfying, and the unique gameplay mechanics are a ton of fun but the campaign and story is pretty lackluster. I wouldn't recommend buying unless it's on sale.7/10"
76561198016107003,Recommended,241930,13137753,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Wind Defiler,good game
,Recommended,241930,13158596,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Nuclear.P0pc0rn,"Not a lot of people know about Shadow of Mordor and its honestly sad because this game is amazing. This is such a good game that I can say that it is a must-have.Yes this game takes aspects from AC and Batman but imo it does it better. In Mordor the stealth kill animations are sick and the animations in general are great. The combat is also really good as when you get better in the game and are able to 1v20 orcs, you truly feel like a badass. Nothing feels better than slicing heads off orcs and flurry killing.One execution animation I love in particular is when Talion sweeps an orc off his feet with his blade and stabs them into the ground with dramatic slowmotion.The small details in the game also allured me. When you follow somebody in a mission in Mordor, you run/walk the same speed as them so you dont always have to run up and wait, run up and wait like a lot of other games. When you follow someone you can let go of the keyboard and just indulge in the dialogue which I really appreciate.The graphics are spectacular as the game is optimized well and the vibe is there.You don't have to understand LOTR to enjoy the game but even if you don't you can do a simple wiki search and know the depth of the story.Shadow of Mordor is a breath of fresh air in the midst of all these annualized franchises. Buy it now. Seriously.Oh yeah, and Celebrimbor's voice is awesome ^_^"
76561198142742350,Recommended,241930,13164687,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Feminazi,"I'm going to keep the review of this game short and sweet. I have played quite a bit of this game and I can really say that It feels like batman arkham asylum and batman arkham city, but It also feels most of the time like i'm playing Assassin's creed most of the time instead of batman. The new tricks you can do with the wraith in it's world and out of it makes it a unique game by itself, and without being to innovative. It can be repetitive but if the story takes to many turns then it can leave the player confused. It leaves ( optional ) objectives that the player can go to if they feel like it.I feel the people who give the game a negative review aren't opening themselves up to the cool and unique things the game can give. That and it's kinda bad***."
,Recommended,241930,13063881,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,2+2,Visceral fun that cuts the crap and lets you bathe in all of the Uruk blood you can taste.
76561198066288923,Recommended,241930,12602902,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,DBuck101™,GOTY
,Recommended,241930,12326582,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Komix,Batman: Arkham Series gameplay in Middle-Earth. So much worth.
76561198123879941,Recommended,241930,12339197,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,the great faggini,"This is one of the best games i have purchased in awhile and i give a 10/10. it is very fun and engaging. Even the maps may seem smaller than games of this type, but it feels so much more alive. You will will here the uruks talk about your deeds, and if you kill a captain, you mayu here one of their previous soldiers talking about how they died. On the nemesis system, it an ever changing complex, if kill a captain, he can either stay dead, or may be back later or they may kill you in battle. whatever happens, they alwats remwember the encounter and ecactly what happened. so if you die, the uruk will get promoted, and move up in the ranks and will state how he killed you before in their own way. The uruks also have their own power struggles and own events they do amongst one another as well to furtehr increase their power, but you have the option to try to stop these events from happening. The story is great and is very engaging, i would recommend this game, especially if you like the assassin creed and batman arkham combat systems."
76561198030745498,Recommended,241930,12495286,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Remus,"This is an amazing game in my opinion. It has everything I love in a video game. It's open world, it has a lot of content outside of the main story, and a lot of replayable content. Things that I don't like is that movement can be a little clunky at times. If you've ever played Assasin's Creed you'll know what I mean."
,Recommended,241930,12401969,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,RiversOfGore,"Excellent game.  If you're a fan of the Arkham Batman games and Assassin's Creed you will enjoy this game immensely.  Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor takes the best of these two games, adds a great story with equally good voice acting and serves it up with a helping of some great innovations to make it unique.  With the Batman Arkham games having one of the best combat systems of any game of its kind it is great to see it employed here.  What's even better is that you can see the developers took the time to make the combat system even better adding some unique elements that make the Batman games seem lacking.  If you loved the combat in the Arkham Batman games buying this is a no brainer."
76561197985758590,Recommended,241930,13989942,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Hermago,Great! Game!
,Recommended,241930,13681600,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,domdanic,"This game is definitely reccomended by me! I say take your time with the story missions and do all the side missions and artifact finding. The story is short if you dont take your time. I see why people compare it to assassins creed, a lot of the same movement while climbing and running is present. If you like lotr get it! If you enjoy assassins creed get it! If you like wasting time wreaking havoc...well...you know!"
76561198053256252,Recommended,241930,13702234,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,sweaty eddie,"This game tended to feature only some of Mordor, i was also dissapoint by the lack of Middle. However the game really brought the amounts of earth and shadow i was expecting from this game.6/10 - Mordorness2/10 - Middleness10/10 - Earthitude10/10  -ShadowsOverall - 1/10"
,Recommended,241930,13137262,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Sientir,"This game is very well made and excellently polished. A few comments on what I liked first:* The game has three modes of combat, and all three of them (Stealth, Brawling, Archery) are well polished and overall satisfying. I didn't feel like any part suffered from the other two being there, which I think is an excellent accomplishment.* The Nemesis system is brilliantly executed. This is, oddly enough, probably a much better assassination game than the Assassin's Creed games, and the Nemesis system (around which nearly the entire game is built) is a major part of why. You want to get info on the important orcs/uruks, and you want to take them out, all in a fairly organic way.* The game expects player failure. By that, I mean that it is part of the experience, part of the game. This is a huge deal for me; most of my favorite games integrate player failure into the experience in some way, and it is a huge part of this game, feeding into the Nemesis system.* World navigation feels good. There is a fast travel system. I found that I had to remind myself of that fact, as just going straight from place to place was super fun, which is a testiment to how fun world navigation is.* The animations are extremely well done and very fluid. It is clear a lot of work went into them, and I definitely appreciate that.And now, for some cons:* This might seem a little nitpicky, but it really bothered me. On occassion, a LOT of changes would happen in the Orc/Uruk ranks, which caused a ton of animations to play in the Nemesis screen. This could drag on for a while, and I found myself thinking, ""Yeah, yeah, come on already, let me play!"" whenever this happened, which was a little too frequently I felt.* Certain enemies are very frustrating to deal with, especially in large mob situations. I found I had some issues with certain spear wielding enemies that you have to dodge (you can't counter their attacks); I always felt like I couldn't quite react in time. There is another type of beefier enemy that also could be a little hard to distinguish in hectic combat situations, which is problematic, as that enemy can't just be attacked normally.* Certain boss traits could combine to make a very frustrating to deal with boss. Basically, there is a type of enemy with a shield that you can't really attack from the front, and the preferred way of dealing with them is to jump over them. However, there is a boss trait that prevents that action. That trait on that enemy ""style"" is very frustrating to try to figure out how to deal with, especially if they are also immune to ranged damage.All of that said, I very much so enjoyed this game. It is kind of like a cross-up between Assassin's Creed and the Arkham Batman games, set in Mordor, with a very good open-world design. And you can totally snipe orcs."
,Recommended,241930,13044806,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Fat Stallion,yes
,Recommended,241930,13878002,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ginger N,"Thoroughly enjoyable game & after an hour, very addictive.  Not played this game style before & easy to get good combinations, hits kills and offers a variety of death with, for me, good graphics.  Collect all the artefacts, etc., level up to improve your abilities & attributes giving more fighting variety so mixing up how you deal death accordingly!  Mix this up further with selection of acquired runes to improve certain combat approaches that suits your style of play.Overall, a reasonable storyline that does not attempt to be ‘The Lord of the Rings’.  I have read all the Tolkien books, seen the films & I would say that the storyline runs in parallel to the theme but does not encroach pretending it’s something when it’s not.  For me being a LOTR fan, the game designers have got the balance about right.The game can be completed quite quickly but I would recommend trying to make inroads into the steam achievements.  This will give you the opportunity of appreciating the fuller scope of the game play.Leave ""The Hunt is my Mistress"" DLC until last if you can as this will test your skills to the max & probably frustrate the hell out of you as this is by far the hardest achievement that might see you smashing the keyboard with your head.  When you initially start this challenge, you will think that luck is elemental for completion.  However, a few run through’s & increased familiarity of the map, random luck becomes less as you can develop a couple of strategy's to 'mostly' overcome some of the game aspects that seemingly are out of your control.For me a good game that I have been immersed in and would personally score this game 89/100."
76561198114286183,Recommended,241930,13827741,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Alex,This is the single best game that i have played this year even though dragon age got that award this game deserved it way more but this game  has very few flaws and i recomend you buy it
,Recommended,241930,13951070,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Aaron,"It's alright. Not worth $50 imho, but I would pick it up on a steam sale."
,Recommended,241930,16434778,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Houston,Attacked a WarlordWarlord shoots fiery arrowsWarlord's bodyguard has an irrational fear of fireBodyguard fleesI kill Warlord10/10 bbq ign
76561198037694537,Recommended,241930,16306482,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Core,"This game is alot of fun! If you like action, adventure, controlling orcs and killing things, then this is totaly the game for you. The only thing is, that the main characters move set can become boring after having seen it repeatedly, but that's all actualy. I love this game and can always come back to it and play it again. You can ride two types of animals, the caragors and the graugs. I'm not going to say too much other that riding these two creatures is so fun, especially the graugs. If you've played it, you'll probably know why.A clear 10/10 from me :)"
,Recommended,241930,13369223,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Cheese Eye,Sick game
76561197995650342,Recommended,241930,12386388,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Sensei Dave,"Excellent concept, excellent gameplay.Shadow of Mordor has brought new life into the action game. Monolith has drawn upon the massive lore that is ""Lord of the Rings"" and come up with something uniquely wonderful.I often enjoy action games, but they take me a while to complete. They offer an immediate satisfaction to a certain itch, but once it's scratched the game becomes somewhat drull. Not so with SoM. I didn't want to put it down. It offeres enough versatility in playstyle to provide great entertainment and options for players. Whether you want to be a stealthy assasin, an eagle eyed sniper, or a savage brawler each encounter offers opportunities to engage the enemy in your own way, and rarely do battles play out in similar fasion.The system is a bit glitchy on PC, but no more than is to be expected in a new release. After installation I lost my original save file to an unknown problem fairly early on, but I've yet to encounter that problem again. The terrain is fairly annoying in some areas and doesn't allow certain actions, somewhat breaking the fluidity of the game, and encounters early on will be full of frustration as you struggle to keep on par with your enemies. However once you have the hang of things the game becomes a blast to play.It's been a long time since I've played a game that was so thuroughly enjoyable even with only single player. The story draws you in and offers a real sense of purpose in what you're aiming to achieve. With so many things going on the outcome of battles is not always in your control, but that only adds to the fun. Setbacks are common, and chaos has a hand in everything. When things go sour your best hope is that another kind player will avenge your death in their game.On a scale I'd give this game a 9/10. I'd say it's certainly a contender for Game of the Year."
,Recommended,241930,12331991,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dr. Hibbert's Magic Mirror,"Instead of boring you with reviews of the graphics and the gameplay, I'm just going to say this: Play this game. It is awesome. Do it now."
76561198115220223,Recommended,241930,12337863,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Zack,"I give this game a straight up 8/10. My reasons for giving this rating is simple. Good story line, good graphics and because im a huge LOTR fan so that adds to the ratings. Other than that the background music is really great. The fighting style is similar to that off the Batman Arkham series. I highly recommend you to get this game as I fully enjoy it. Plus i got the season pass form a friend of mine :D."
,Recommended,241930,12340400,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Brolando,Utterly amazing killing these orcs and pitting them against each other to lvl em up so you can beat their♥♥♥♥♥later surrounded by his 3 man squap of captains and other random orcs never gets old. GG guys buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥Now.
,Recommended,241930,12356533,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Beardface,This is by a wide margin the best Assassin's Creed game yet.
,Recommended,241930,12325715,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Edi,"This game has graphics, a state-of-the-art combo system, a good storyline and it gives an awesome badass feel when you play it. I give this game a 9.5/10 ."
76561198026898647,Recommended,241930,12326038,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Deader,Very good game!
76561198071428038,Recommended,241930,12840309,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,saucE,"When I first picked this game up, I was excited. The game and its mechanics are beautiful and stunning through out the whole game. Constantly branding Uruks to make your own army, it feels epic. Sad thing is, you fat finger E instead of space, and all of your progress is redone. New captians show up, and others level up. The ending itself, was a little underwhelming, but good none the less. I would recommend this game to anyone with two thumbs and a brain."
,Recommended,241930,15186744,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,sxeax,its kk but i the keyboard mapping is weird
76561198115612550,Recommended,241930,13769300,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,El Pikachu,"A great non-linear, openworld, dinamic game. I would say 10/10."
76561198027767658,Recommended,241930,12865362,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Darthjebus211,npcs walk at the same speed as you during conversations.10/10
76561198028740712,Recommended,241930,14857980,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,jas2765,"My only question is, why was it not named Orc Genocide simulator?"
,Recommended,241930,14771322,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,DiGiTaL CLeaNeR,"This game is extremely stable. I leave it on all day and just play a few minutes at a time when I get a chance. 2 days now it's running minimized like this and no crashes. Exceptional programming!I love this game more and more the deeper I go. Everything is epic. Very well done in every way. The story and cut scenes aren't too often and I never find myself speeding through them because I want to go kill♥♥♥♥♥♥and get on with it. EPIC GAME. No doubt it will be game of the year if it isn't already.If you read my earlier entries below, then by all means pick this gem up. It's worth $120. If I knew then what I know now, I would pay that for it easily.Why do I spend time writing long reviews for games like this? Because everyone should support the best game makers so they keep making more of them beforer they get bought up and start sucking like everyone else.Some things I learned over time, the orcs never stop coming. They just keep respawning so you really can't take over their holds. Even if you mind meld all of the captains. Meanies will alwas spawn. And if the alarm sounds, just finishe what youc an and run away until it resets the area.------------2nd review below------------Ok so I'm actually getting to really love this game now. Ratbag the coward FTW! It's growing on me. Thing I hate anymore is the view. Too close in on his back, the 3rd person perspective and the weird camera pan, I just can't get over that part. Everything else is pretty cool. I also tweaked around witht he graphics and the NPC models are indeed much more detailed than Skyrim's. Voice acting is really good, combat system is tons of fun. Nice change up from the norm.Should you buy it? I'm glad I did. If you like killing Orcs and working hard to learn new abilities, you should have a blast. That is so far what this game is all about.------------------------1st review below------------------------I was excited about it due to some of the reviews on youtube, they were over the top, this game is merely ... OK at first 30 minutes glance in. I'll add to this review as I play it more. I am not ""yearning"" to play more after 30 minutes, so something is a miss. Was it worth the 40% off, maybe. Verdict isn't out yet, but I'm giving it a thumbs up for now.So far the port seems fair, not a complete bullocks like some ports are. The controls have been a bit of a learning curve for me. This game is not naturally intuitive like most games like this that I usually play. Usually I can just jump in and play after configuring the keys, that is not the case here. Still getting use to it I guess.THe graphics are very heavy on your GPU, however, they are no better than Skyrim IMO. If you put SKyrim at full it might even look better than this one as far as terrain goes. Some models in this game look better, it's a toss up. However in Skyrim I can crank everything to full throttle on graphix, not on this one, my frames drop to 20 if I try to max it. So good luck if you don't have at least 2gig card, and it really recommends 3gig.I'm not running out to upgrade my rig anytime soon just because of this game. That being said, it's an ok game if you like killing orcs, orc chiefs, finding orcs, following orcs and scaring orcs. This game is all about the combat with Orcs!!!"
,Recommended,241930,13891907,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,animatedaneurin,Epic.
,Recommended,241930,13937190,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ricekrispy,"Es good game. You buy it, yes?"
,Recommended,241930,14174614,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Captain-Weasly,"Shadow ofthe ColossusMordor is the kind of game that mixes the good of Batman Arkham series, along with Assassin's Creed.When the good of both meets the Nemesis system, this game would worth a while, nothing is more satisfying than chopping Orcs' head in slow motion and see them flying.9 slow-mo orc head flying / 10 exploding heads."
76561198004272204,Recommended,241930,12319903,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Gnome33309,Fun game doesnt work
76561198063896337,Recommended,241930,12333868,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Ray Romano,10/10 would walk into mordor again
,Recommended,241930,12408634,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,dangerouscow,"Ripped off certain gameplay mechanics from the Assassins Creed and Batman Arkham games but it does such an excellent job that there really isnt that much to complain. Maybe the unlimited execution skill is a bit OP. Graphics are beautiful! There is also a day and night cycle and it rains, although seldomnly and it makes everything even Talion look wet. Although the first half of the game consists mostly of mud and ruins, (beautiful mud and ruins)**MINOR SPOILER**it eventually takes us to this beautiful green country, this never before seen part of Mordor that is breathtaking and very refreshing.  Sucks that the main story is kinda short. But there is so much to do! and the nemesis system keeps you going back. This is most probably the best game of 2014!9/10"
76561198096593471,Recommended,241930,12440554,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Ninja Tuna,best assassin's creed game to date. 8/10
76561198166512965,Recommended,241930,14174582,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,One Common,"Quite enjoyable. Multi-faceted combat that is easy to understand yet hard to master, turn off Indicators for an added challenge. I've beaten it and am still plaing it, which is saying something for a guy like me. I found a few fights anti-climatctic battle-wise but they made up for it cinematicly. It didn't soil an overall enjoyable experience and game.Easially one of the best games I've bought in awhile."
,Recommended,241930,13436601,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,DOOF WAGON,This is a good game!  You kill some orcs in it.
76561198003079193,Recommended,241930,13702118,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jessidiah,"""Assassin's Creed 5: Stabbing The♥♥♥♥♥♥Out of Everything In Mordor""Let me just say this: This game is f****** metal.Its awesome... The bad-assery and brutality-ness of the orc smashing and stabbing is beyond aweome, amongst other things.Very fulfilling combat/immersive gameplay/story progression and some pretty cool new innovations with the gameplay/advancement system.Tutorials seemlessly woven into gameplay/story line (you won't be spending any time guessing how to do your special little slippery noodle-spell duggering- extra curricular bull♥♥♥♥♥♥for the umpteenth time because you didn't feel like reading some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 65 thousand page manual or doing some developer's time consuming, boring, and self indulgent ""voluntary"" tutorial... which I think is pretty cool)Incredible storyline.Sorry to the hipster inde evangelists who like to hate everything that didn't get made by 3 sweaty guys in an old ♥♥♥♥♥♥ basement, but I'm in love with this one (not to say that 3 sweaty fat guys in an old ♥♥♥♥♥♥ basement can't make something awesome, because they do it all the time now.  I'm just sayin...).For you see,  it turns out that I've got a soft spot for rampaging around Middle Earth stabbing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything in my immidiate vicinity...who whoulda thunk it.10/10Metal."
,Recommended,241930,12422539,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,declyne,"Plays exactly like an arkham game, fun so far for the first couple hours, but I can understand the complaints about repetitiveness."
,Recommended,241930,15576807,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Trip Fisk,"Game is really good, its really fun, but its also really huge and takes forever to download if you have an ISP that rips you off on what are internet speeds appropriate for a caveman.Shadow of Mordor is basically what Assassin's Creed is desperately trying to do as a game, but always manages to fail. The result is a game that is actually a lot of fun to play.Assassin's Creed isn't the only game Mordor borrows from. There's a saying, ""Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery"" and Mordor is practically a Frankenstein creation of taking concepts from popular/successful games via market study. Dissecting them to find what worked and grafting it into their own game. This is tastefully done somehow since uninspired rip-offs usually ape success poorly and wind up failing to deliver a satisfying experience. Mordor isn't just shameful in how it imitates other games, it just doesn't somehow manage to be a very good imitation, but it somehow manages to out do some of the games its ripping off.Mordor's got stealth like AC. Assassinations like AC. Climbing towers to reveal map information just like AC. Generic side missions like AC. Free running/Parkour like AC. But where AC games typically have dodgy AI, clumsy controls, bugs, and identical cut and paste side missions, Mordor mostly doesn't. And if it does, (like fidgety controls) its not nearly as bad as AC. WB Games/Monolith put an A grade team on developing this game because someone somewhere didn't just know what they were doing, but they wanted to ensure it all worked.For example, Mordor isn't entirely a rip-off of Assassin's Creed. They didn't take what is easily the weakest aspect of that game: the fighting system. Like I said about taste, Mordor rips-off the Batman Arkham games. And it works fantastically.And there are various other flavors of games found in Mordor. You can almost make a game of picking out what its taken from other games.Its open world sandbox is very GTA.It also has stealth (again) like MGS. You can grab and interrogate soldiers for intel like MGS3.I could continue on, but this review is long enough.Mordor is good, but it does have its problems First (for me anyway), this game is enormous. 46 gigs.  It took 2 days to download. Yes my internet is that slow. Real issues in the game are the controls are sometimes flaky. Sometimes its extremely difficult to navigate corners on walls/obstacles on the ground sometimes and your guy won't want to move. Another annoying issue is sometimes the camera position is bad. This is the worst during fights where it gets hung up on walls/objects. Its rare but it happens.Oh, also, people say this game is canon. If its not written by Tolkien, its not canon.Also, canons are what you shoot balls out of."
,Recommended,241930,12429565,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Deathtopong,"This is a game that has very solid gameplay, it reminds me very much of assassins creed and the recent batman games by rocksteady. Combined with a very fun ""nemesis"" system that allows you to really mess with an army of bad dudes, makes for a solid 7/10 experience. Wait for it to go on sale and enjoy the 25+ hours of gameplay you could get out of it."
76561198035812556,Recommended,241930,12333573,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,richandolly,"THE STORY PULLS YOU IN AND KEEPS YOU PLAYING ALL NIGHT , LATE FOR WORK AGAIN"
76561198089112441,Recommended,241930,13967027,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,OCdubs,Loved it cant wait for a new 1
,Recommended,241930,13557232,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,samfisch3r,"Entertaining game, a bit too few skillpoints in the end and an easy endboss, but other than that interesting combat system and fun skills."
76561198087240008,Recommended,241930,20415446,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Snesters,I went into this game with no knowledge of the game whatsoever and was pleasantly surprised.9/10
,Recommended,241930,12527987,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,theguywhosultra,"Easily one of the best games I've played all year.The thing about Shadow of Mordor is that it's not terribly original or innovative outside of the nemesis system - it's just that all of the borrowed elements from other titles feel much more refined here. The combat is basically Batman/Sleeping Dogs, and the movement/stealthing is lifted from Assassin's Creed. Even still, it's better here than in the games these elements originate in.Building up relationships with the Warchiefs really helps to give each one a personality, and it differentiates them in a game world that would otherwise feel like it's populated by tons of the same enemies. The leveling system is simple and to the point, there are tons of collectables to seek out in Mordor, and the combat feels fast and fluid. It's super-satisfying to get that much needed revenge on a Warchief that may have gotten one over on you earlier in the game.I can't recommend this one enough! Plays great, no technical issues to speak of, and it's just plain fun."
76561198042557565,Recommended,241930,12372821,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Dipsomania,"Surprisingly fun and addicting.  The orc promotion mechhanic and randomization is done extremely well and adds so much to the game.  I accidently created a super boss that stalked my every move.  I had a couple of stupid deaths early on that catapaulted the power of a single orc.  I then went on the hunt for revenge, but he was immune to nearly all attacks, and too strong now.  He killed me again, and then started showing up everywhere.  He was so tough, a single spear hit took me to the point of death.  I ran from him, and he taunted me every time he saw me again.I killed all the warchiefs, countless captains, but ran every time I saw him.  I had to grind up my skills and abilities and avoid him at all costs, slowly his power evened out against my own.  I lured him out from a hunting party and after a tense battle his head flew into the air free from his body at last.  I felt like I beat the game, but was still on the first map.I am now building my secret orc army... fun times."
,Recommended,241930,12644082,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Brent,"Shadow of Morder is absolutely incredible. The stealth abilities enhance the combat experience in such a way that it leaves you wanting more. Combat can get rather difficult to the point where you will be required to run off, but you never have to necessarily give up on the fight. There are usually more arrows lying around and plants to replenish your health, and this allows you to get right back into the action.The storyline was rather interesting. It wasn't too vivid, but was good enough to follow through. I personally lost interest when I got near the end as the final boss fights were just pathetic. You never actually fight them but rather move the cursor and press a button as it displays on the screen.Overall, it was still a great experience and I had loads of fun playing this game. Apart from the ending being a disaster, it was very enjoyable and the combat and side missions make up for that two-fold."
,Recommended,241930,21405053,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,napkin,Assassins Creed in Middle Earth. Good.
,Recommended,241930,24455482,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Nanoha,"Very much enjoyed this. Game of the year edition/complete edition is excellent value for money, think I got it 75% off which was a real steal. Kept me occupied for ~40 hours. One of the first games in quite some time that has kept me playing for long periods of time and had me wantitng to play it when not at the computer.The first area was quite bland but the second made up for it. I 100% collected everything which wasn't exactly hard and the little bits of story from things helped too. I found the combat satisfying and the stealth equally so."
76561198008366475,Recommended,241930,24189662,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Phobos,"I just finished the main story (all collectibles and side missions), played some of the hunt campaign (it's kinda meh story wise, though I love the dwarf), and just finished the Bright Lord campaign (honestly this was amazing, Celebrimbor is what made this game for me)What a game, the combat was very fluid and polished, i used a controller and they nailed it with so many different style of powers and attacks. The graphics are great, Mordor looks amazing, different mounts, uruk personalities. Brilliant game. I hope there's a second one coming."
,Recommended,241930,18899086,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Fogg,The most fun I've had since AC: Black Flag. Buy this now.
76561198025422265,Recommended,241930,13042726,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Glaer,"brilliant, a must buy game"
,Recommended,241930,12325594,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Fuby,"If you liked the movemnt and tactics in Assassins Creed during the fighting, that alone makes this worth picking up.  Basicly that is what it is, Assassins Creed in Middle earth. But wait..theres more... The friging AI actually remembers your battles.. and unless you behead them..they return.. that's if you killed them in the first place. Sometimes, they kill you and remember that when you return.. some nice banter is included.. Ok, trhe stealth aint top notch and sometimes the orc can actually just bunch up and stare at you.. which takes a bit away.. but overall.. It's a pretty good game with nothing but action! Many side missions and a quest to the finish.. I am enjoying every minute so far.. Nice change from the shooters I usually play."
76561198000593919,Recommended,241930,13827770,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Microsoft Excel,"I just got this game and im about 12 Hours in, and I F**king love it!!!!! As far as I can tell, It feels like Batman Arkham with a little Assassins Creed mixed in. However, I don't feel like I'm playing either of those games. Many aspects are copied, but they somehow manage to feel different. I don't feel like I'm playing Batman, it looks and feels like LOTR. I highly recommend it. If you don't like the recent Batman or AC games, it's probably best to skip this one. If your a LOTR fan than i must say 'GET  IT!!' hahah ;D      9/10"
76561197963664525,Recommended,241930,12357378,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Terkala,Fairly good theme-park game. Certainly not a sandbox. And rather short (12 hours of real playtime) for a $50 game. But well made assassin's creed clone.
,Recommended,241930,12704180,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Ayy,shadowy af
76561198107075061,Recommended,241930,24273996,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,DILWALE_BEAST,what a MIND BLOWING creation it is..... no doubt one of THE BEST game i have played......
,Recommended,241930,23906619,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lord Destro,"Almost two years since it was released, there still hasn't been anything like SoM's Nemesis System featured in any other game out there. While SoM can be a bit draggy in places, the Nemesis System keeps random exploration exciting - it feels like you're playing an MMO at times when you encounter enemies that remember you and hold grudges against you.(I was kind of hoping another WB Games release *coughMadMaxcough* would have this feature, but no such luck. Shadow of Mordor remains a unique experience because of this mechanic.)The Photo Mode, introduced in a post-release patch, provided me with hours of fun, even after I had completed the entire game.And the graphics are stunning."
,Recommended,241930,12439721,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Geoff,If you like AC and Batman you'll love this!
76561198062109009,Recommended,241930,14704348,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jonniemcl,"Can't really say anything that hasn't been said but I'll give it a go...(TL;DR below)Basically the game takes the ""Assassins Creed"" and Batman ""Arkham"" series,looks at them and says ""Meh...let's throw in some super powers for the hell of it!"".The game seperates itself from both of those games however with how the gameplay is tied into the nemesis system.Every encounter feels new and different thanks to the nemisis system, which causes the enemies you fight to respond to you in different ways depending on how you've encountered them before. The system is really well implemented and I honestly hope more games use it, or some version of it, in the future. As it adds an extreme layer of personality to the game as a whole. Enemies feel like actual characters to you rather than cookie-cutter ""soldiers"" that are all the same regardless of what you do.Example:While fighting you throw a guy into a fire, but you get interrupted before you can kill him and have to bail, the next time you encounter him he laughs at you for your failed attempt to kill him, but has secrectly developed a fear of fire, (which you learn of through careful espionage), and you can exploit this to weaken him this time and secure the kill.Graphics and sound-wise the game is stunning, with some jaw-dropping animations.The voice acting is stellar with the dialog between the main character and the side-characters really highlighting this.HOWEVER:The game feels a bit on the small side. With only 2 main areas you will be re-visiting a lot of places, but the game will usually have you come at an area from different directions each time so it does feel less repetitave.TL;DRGameplay on its own : Good              7/10Gameplay PLUS Nemesis : Amazing  10/10Graphics : Fantastic                            8/10Sound : Great                                      8/10Overall: 8.5/10The game is really excellent, great fun, and different each time you pick it up. A must buy for any Stealth/Action Fan."
,Recommended,241930,12930602,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ScuttleButts,Orc named Giggles became the most feared warrior in Middle Earth. 10/10
,Recommended,241930,18801307,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,NitroMidgets,"I recommend this game though it just feels like the ending was rushed. For the early part of the game you must think out your mission before acting. You use stealth more and pick your battles. By the end you are over powered and the final boss is little more then cut scenes. I thought I had further to go in the game but instead it just ended abruptly.Sure, the game is lather, rinse and repeat but that describes almost every game. It was still a good game and it had a clear story that made sense.It could have been a little better but it sure could of been a hell of a lot worse."
,Recommended,241930,21541082,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Trenty,"I thought this game was going to be very average(As alot of movie adaptations to games are) However when I found the awesome combat system and the interesting game mechanics I was sold. If you want a great playthrough with a pretty good story aswell as great gameplay then this game is right for you.I do warn you if you don't like quicktime events, then you wont like the ending.Have fun!"
,Recommended,241930,23867713,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Delusional,Better than arkham knight
76561198027070506,Recommended,241930,18325112,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Wisely,"What attracts me:- Good varieties of Orc in terms of look, character. There is the brutal macho looking Orcs, the skinny stealthy archer, the greedy nerdy looking ones which adds to the fun of watching various cutscenes along the way- Talent trees upgrade makes you stronger of course but is not everything to the game. Some level of skills are still required (timely click / mouse movement / keyboard)- Weapon upgrade & runes allows mix and match to suit different play style and blends well with talent tree- You get to play warrior / stealth / archer to your liking- Commanding an army of Orcs felt really cool- Very nice graphics & smooth transition into cutscenes during game playCons (of DLC):- Rune farming is too random, and too many useless runes- Need the options of ""Retry"" on very mission as oppose to having us run a long way back to restart mission- Need difficulty options. Game is on the easy side after you learn the mechanicsConclusion:- All in all, extremely fun game and well worth even the full price. One of the most enjoyable games I've played- Must get if you like Dragon Age, Divine Divinity,  Elder Scroll Skyrim [Middle Earth comes top among them for me]"
76561198044397445,Recommended,241930,18364741,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,GlitterFarts,Probably one of the best LOTR style games I have played. Loved the whole assassins creed meets medival time.
76561198020229659,Recommended,241930,26723255,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Lizard Hunter,"Its a good game with one major flaw. THE SPACE IT TAKES UP. How is it that games like this take up 50 GB and games like the witcher 3 and skyrim, which have more content than this game 10 times over, take up so much less. Game developers need to take after these games examples and condense their games for I am running out of room on my computer to store half my games."
76561198054067247,Recommended,241930,24532832,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Giggert,It's like assassin's creed but less story more killing
76561198127899348,Recommended,241930,17952444,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Grummor,"This game is a ton of fun!!! not only is it a game you can play for hours on end until you beat it, but it also lasts after that with its open world orc heirarchy!! It is also a great game for fun screenshots like the beheading of an orc Chieftian!!!! Fun game overall. Rate 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,16996240,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mean Booty,"This game had a very engaging story despite the abundance of cinematics towards the end of the game.The combat system was very well done and flowed exceedingly well. However, the movement could use a bit more refinement as there were some ""sticky"" points that were either hard to get out of or hard to go around. Additionally, once you unlocked more abilities, defeating anyone is a breeze. I had to set up fights with 4+ captains, a warchief, and hordes of orcs in order to be challanged enough to die.The nemesis system gives this game a ton of replay value. Not necesarily replay through the whole campaign, but continued play long after the story is done. This is the only game where I ever felt like I should collect artifacts. The lore is engaging.I would suggest taking advantage of the controller support. This game is much more fun to play with a controller."
,Recommended,241930,17565946,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Traitor,"Good game, can get a good amount of time wasted on it.  However, the ending makes you want to beat your head into the nearest wall repeatedly until knocked unconcious.  I'm still paying off those hospital bills."
,Recommended,241930,17731497,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Big Blank,"Short version : a mix between Arkham Asylum for the combat system, Assassin's Creed for the parkour/assassination system, and a very little tiny bit of Dark Souls for the ""you'll die a lot but it's natural and expected"" part.Long version : playing as one of the members of the garrison at the Mordor's border, you're captured, tortured, and sacrificed when the game starts. Except something goes wrong, and you're now possessed by a elf ghost. And you're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because your wife and your son are dead.What do you do? Mainly, you'll be walking around in Mordor, because Sauron arrives, interrogating orcs scums for informations about the Mordor's officers. Each officer is randomly generated, which various flaws (such as being scared of explosions, or being vulnerable to arrows in the face), and various strong points (such as being immune to assassination, or even being immune to attacks).The combat seems based on Batman Arkham Asylum : you move around hitting people, building yourself a combo and unlocked one-hit kill and various attacks as your combos goes up.UNFORTUNATELY, the game clearly isn't as smooth and fast as Arkham Asylum, and you'll often use your valuable one-hit kill on a chaff instead of the threatening armoured berzerker because you pressed the button before Talion could face the ""right"" enemy.The other main problem is the game are the ranged enemies. They interrupt your combo, deal a lot of damage (since Talion has a long recovery time and isn't invincible), and some Uruks can throws axes that they take out of nowhere, meaning that even if you murder all the archers (crossboworcs, in fact), you can still take something in your face.The third problem is that the dodge move doesn't do a move cancel. In other words, if you start swinging at an uruk, and see that a shielded-spearorc is going to poke you, you can't cancel your swing to dodge. Which means you'll take a lot damage. And these guys come per group of four to ruin your day. Because they're orcs, therefore they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.These are the only problems I've got so far. The game is enjoyable, the mix of intense brawl fight, parkour, and testicles-stabbing is extremely satisfying.I just wish killing captains really caused chaos in Sauron's army. Most often, it just feels like a minor setback for the uruk horde. But maybe it's intended to suggest that no matter what you do, Sauron's return and victory are inevitable. If that's the cause, it's brilliant.You should get this game if : you enjoy getting informations on your target before actually killing them, if you enjoyed Aragorn and Boromir fighting in the Moria mines and at Amon Hen, as your main weapon is the sword. You won't be using the bow much, so don't expect Legolas surfing on shields.You shouldn't get this game if : you're too deeply into Lord of the Rings lore to accept the idea of Sauron having other human servants than the Mouth of Sauron, or if you don't like the idea of ""common"" men using magic, or if you're an orc/dwarf/elf sympathizer."
76561198084417676,Recommended,241930,19825202,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Mesa3D developer,Works well on GNU/Linux with the opensource amdgpu/radeonsi graphics driver on a Tonga class GPU.
76561198150392339,Recommended,241930,19095855,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,garp-90,"I was sceptical at first when I bought this game , because I heard that the  gameplay and camera is like the Assassin's Creed's gameplay .Then I played Assassin's Creed Black Flag ( my first AC franchise game ever ) I loved it .After that I liked the gameplay of games like this I tried this game .....---------------------------.........I was shocked how great this game is , and finally a challenging game , I haven't played game this  challenging and kinda hard since Dark Souls maybe .The Captains & Warchiefs are unique . some of them are really hard .Loved the Brand .The abilities and upgrading the character is awesome & Spectacular  .There are things I didn't like in this game : the big main bosses are super easy , what an insult to the Sauron's supporters , the regular Captains are way WAY stronger than the Tower of Sauron .And most of them they were hiding behind a huge army , if u want to make a great main villains you Have to fight them alone and be way more stronger than you and you die and die again until you defeat them barely .The counter and Parry in this game is unique you don't only press circle , you press Triangle and the X button .The size of the map  is good but not that huge .What's with the greedy DLC ?The total DLC is 53 $ !!!! Why ? This is the cost of a whole new game like GTAV or Phantom Pain .Make more changing scenery like inside a dwarves' caves , above a snowy mountain or near a scary lake  .Give us valleys, hills and larger and deeper caves, put every place from the books and the movies .The main Character's face is dull, boring and not unique at all .Put more characters from the movies ....... after everything I said , the game is great and amust-played game .        :)I give it 9/10 ."
76561198032528294,Recommended,241930,16733224,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Warriorsage,"Assassin's Creed's stealth and climbing mechanics and the combat system from the Batman series games had a baby.  The baby was then abducted by orcs and taken into Mordor, where it was bound to an ancient and powerful dead elf.Good graphics and sound, fairly well optimized.  The story is great and does a good job of making you feel like a badass.  It has an RPG-style grinding system for additional abilities as well as runes to put into your gear that has varying effects.  I only spent 40 hours on the story modes and DLCs but I could easily see people blowing hundreds of hours on this game.  Combat is brutal, and satisfying.The orc ""nemesis"" system and traits are unnecessarily deep.  I hardly ever used the intel system to gather information about targets.  I have no doubt that a few orc assassinations would have gone easier had I done so, but only a few.  See below.The environments sometimes do not ""flow"" well in the physical sense.  Many times I got stuck in odd places or on objects, and a couple of times I had to plan my routes differently because of it.  One time I got stuck between an oddly-angled ladder and the wall with a horde of orcs after me, and multiple times between braziers and walls.  There are those times when your character feels like he's made of bricks, something that never happens in Assassin's Creed games, but these instances do not break the game.Orcs have an annoying habit of magically respawning in areas of strongholds that you cleared when you haven't even left the area yet, whether or not the base is on alert.  When you DO trip the alarm, you can expect a basically neverending stream of orcs.  Many times I found myself facing off against 20+ orcs who traveled around bases as a swarm, never dispersing.  If the alerts in strongholds ever subside, it must take an awfully long time in hiding to get them to go away.  What usually followed is me dropping off of rooftops onto singular orcs, either to kill them or make them my slaves.  It's an approach that never worked, and massively slowed down the game because like I said --- neverending reinforcements.Chieftain bodyguards typically cluster together, and many times important orcs are invulnerable to ranged attacks AND stealth, making a stealth approach almost impossible in many situations.  The game seems to punish people who prefer pure stealth OR pure bedlam melee, requiring some combination of the two.  My guess would be that approaches for efficient orc murdering needed to be more complex and planned out - perhaps with that intel I wasn't using.Overall, the game is amazing, at any price."
76561198352453044,Recommended,241930,30500071,Posted: 13 March,all,wolfetpack,great game. good graphics.
,Recommended,241930,17592727,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,dab,"It's a great action game.If you liked the Arkham Series, then this is for you!"
76561197977220332,Recommended,241930,21115269,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,BigMoser,"Started a quest to kill an Uruk.  During the fight, a second Uruk decided to join in and introduce himself.  Not even 5 seconds later, a third Uruk tried to get me from behind.  Let's just say this fight didn't go too well....Would get ganged again 10/10"
76561198088999967,Recommended,241930,21138018,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Tebaujnam,Main objective: Kill Uruks
,Recommended,241930,21029913,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Gold Death,Good story good sneaking! 10/10/$
,Recommended,241930,21029085,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MojoNexus,Yes!
,Recommended,241930,21041958,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ayee,Game ProsSmooth GameplaySkill tree/upgradesTons of enemiesBalanced campaign and side missionsCons:Plot and controls
,Recommended,241930,21010674,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Spooky,"Solid arkham-style combat system, top-notch voice acting and fun gameplay. The story itself is a bit forgettable but the bits and pieces of genreal LotR lore found in the game make up for it.By far the best things in this game are the orcs and the nemesis system.My personal misson in this game was to use the mind-control power to possess every single captain, lieutenant, warchief, etc. into my orc army, manually. I grew attached to many of my orc underlings and went on several rescue missions when they got in trouble with the non mind-controled orcs."
,Recommended,241930,27727091,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stanley Baratheon,"BUY IT!You won´t find better LOTR game than this. You will hardly find 3rd person action with better combat system (Batman Arkham series doesn´t count, since these games invented these mechanics). Shadow of Mordor is extremely addicting videogame, which excels in many fields. One of the main advantages of the game is that it leave you a lot of freedom in eliminating your targets. You can rush in like Rambo, or go speaky beaky like.Regarding your targets, game introduced so called Nemesis system, which encourages player´s creativity in killing warchiefs. Basically, you don´t even need to cross your sword with them and kill them by manipulating your minions. Nemesis system is something that videogame industry really needed, because it makes your enemies unique personalities with different strengths and weaknesses. Thanks to these, every encounter with warchiefs is different.Game itself had potential to be pure 10/10 material, but unfortunately it has some flaws. For example dissapointing ending, repetetive side missions (but every one of them has some bonus objectives/challenges, which can refresh the gameplay) and slightly low difficulty.Despite these minor flaws, Shadow of Mordos is a must buy for every LOTR fan. Hell, it is a must buy for every videogame fan!9/10"
,Recommended,241930,12360492,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,MERCER,"♥♥♥♥ing awesome""its♥♥♥♥♥♥"" - 10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,241930,25772752,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Vepar,"Rarely have i've played a game so addictive and fun. A real masterpiece.Story is meh, and the ending is a bit of a dissapointment, but the gameplay makes up for all of that and then some.Now excuse me while i go hunt some uruks."
,Recommended,241930,20601687,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,TrainRain,"Overall good game with an entertaining combat system, not far from what you get in the Batman Arkham series. It delivers an open world with a somewhat boring and repatative terrain, but what can you expect - it's Mordor. The game doesn't offer much variety as you will be fighting uruks for the most part of the game, which gets a bit boring at times. The game offers something new that I've never seen in a game before - the hierarchy and nemesis system. This absolutely gives the enemies of the game more depth, but even though there are unlimited enemies, there are only a limited amount of personalities which concludes in yet a repetative aspect of the game. The story is decent, but lacks the depth it could have had, it's a bit of a clichè. The implemented skill and ability progressions are OK, but also lacks some depth.+ Fun and smooth gameplay+ OK graphics+ Good voice acting+ Very good combat system+ Decent story+ Stealth+ Hierarchy and nemesis system- Repetative gameplay- Repetative scenario- Bad textures at close- Little replay value- Boring and repetative side quests and challenges"
76561198011263175,Recommended,241930,20939047,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,SwankyPants,"Assassin's Creed plus Lord Of The Rings. Can't beat that combination! The combat and movement mechanics are very well done, though the story can be a little lacking by the end. It's cool, don't get me wrong. But don't expect a lore masterpiece like Mass Effect. If you buy this game, you're probably getting it for the glee of hunting down Warlords over and over again, experimenting with trying to create the perfect Uruk army.Short version: Great game. Worth every cent."
76561198268960371,Recommended,241930,22639235,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,CAPTAIN CAPLOCKS,(Right Click + Left Click + F)(1000) = Automatic Win
,Recommended,241930,13932504,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Z~,"This is probably the first 3rd person game I've ever felt comfortable using kb/m instead of a controller.As a port it runs phenomenomally , and is also the first port in a long time that's actuallyfun. There isn't a whole lot of variety to the gameplay, but what it does, it does really wellThe graphical fidelity is decent, though it only has fxaa in options (I had to force proper AA through video drivers). Even going above recommended textures for my hardware, benchmark shows Fps is 55-185 with an average of 90 (rig specs below). No noticeable hitching or framedrops in game.The only bad thing I could name involves a bug with Savegame files. a quick peak at GameData.sav in notepad would suggest that some graphical settings are saved with character data. This resulted in a corrupted savefile when tweaking settings and I lost 55% progress.I purchased during the holiday sale at $29.99 CDN. I definitely feel like I got my money's worth (unlike other ports from 2014)Rig:i5 3570k @ 4.5ghz2x 2gb 670 sli8 gb 1866 Ram7200 rpm Hdd"
76561198172680326,Recommended,241930,33475053,Posted: 12 July,all,GruziX,This game is something different than other games.Never gets bored.Very good gameplay.Even on low graphics the game is still amazing.Very good story.Deaths does matter.I am shocked how barely someone talks about this game.10/10
,Recommended,241930,33561839,Posted: 15 July,all,Reytr,"I thought my rotten potato can't run this game. But, it can run over 30fps (fps drop when the rain is falling) with medium graphics on my rotten potato. I can say it well optimized.The gameplay ? i'd definitely love the gameplay.My Spec : I3 5010U, 8GB Ram, Nvidia 940m"
,Recommended,241930,33572529,Posted: 15 July,all,Phantom Renegade,"""OY, MAN FILTH""Gotta love this gameThere aren't many games that keep me hooked like Shadow of Mordor.Let's start with the combat. Shadow of Mordor brings a not-so-new-but-still-fun-to-play combat system à la Assassin's Creed. You got counters, you got executions. The regular deal. The executions are pretty damn satisfying though, as they look really sick.You can upgrade you character with new abilities, and these abilities make sure that encounters with Uruk are never boring. As you progress, you keep learning new stuff. No battle I fought was ever boring.The graphics are pretty good. The OST is astonishing (it's hella epic when you encounter a random captain and they chant their name through the background music. Amazing). The voice acting is also done really well, the characters are all very convincing.I think the best feature of Shadow of Mordor is probably the Nemesis system. It's an innovative, interesting mechanic put in the game to keep the game from being a generic brawler/beat 'em up game. Toying around and playing with it is very fun. That, on top of the fact that it really fits into the storyline and game. The way captains react to your actions and behaviour makes everything very personal, and just really cool. ""OY, MAN SWINE""Maybe the only con I could think of is that when you got all the upgrades you want, there is no real point in the side missions. I was satisfied with my 'build' pretty quickly, so I had no real need to do those side missions as the main missions already gave me enough currency/exp. I only did those side missions in the beginning of my playthrough, but after that barely.Stealth also leaves some to be desired. Or maybe it's just me and Uruk really are that stupid.tl;dr: excellent beat 'em up game that not only just delivers fun combat. Good story, good music, good voice acting, good mechanics, just good game."
,Recommended,241930,33594928,Posted: 16 July,all,Akiraj,"Easily becoming one of my favorite games ever,-Addictive gameplay-A♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of missions and stuff to do-Good soundtrack-Amazing open world-Nemesis System-Brand systemAll around fun 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,33574466,Posted: 15 July,all,†<CC>< Bits Wont Byte,"Wonderful game.  It is not perfect, but it is optimized very well.  Zero crashes in 25 hours of playime.  I highly reccomend for anyone who enjoys open world games and/or LoTR"
,Recommended,241930,33607216,Posted: 17 July,all,DraftDragon,Its Like Lord of the Rings and Assassin's Creed had a Baby. And did an AWESOME job. 10/10
,Recommended,241930,17422676,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,AverageUnknown,"This game does everything Assassin's Creed does, but better. The combat is smoother and more rewarding, and the named captain system is brilliant and engaging."
,Recommended,241930,25566647,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,golff.nattanart ッ,good
,Recommended,241930,33572892,Posted: 15 July,all,Tkyl,"I played this game on the Playstation 4 when it first came out. I loved that experience. It was one of my favorite games of the year. When the game went on sale for the PC, I decided to pick it up again. I was a little apprehensive about using a keyboard/mouse, as I felt the controller server the game so well. I have to say, I think I love the keyboard/mouse controls even better. The developers did a fantastic job adjusting the controls to work for the PC.Playing the game for a second time, I am only reminded how much I love this game! If you are at all on the fence about buying this game, get it! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,241930,33564950,Posted: 15 July,all,Pickle Rick,Just in case you were wondering if slaying Orcs is fun.Yes. Yes it is.
76561198072995939,Recommended,241930,33441721,Posted: 10 July,all,Morningstar,"super fun game but as per usual just like alot of games the farther u get into it it becomes way too tedious to do anything, it gets to the point where a mission will take 20-30 missions just to kill 1 target because enemies just dont stop coming and late game they just hide behind their little shields and that shield becomes their life, and alot of combat abilities theres absolutely no way you would ever get the chance to use it, especially ones that involve standing still, its just not going to happen with all the enemies"
76561198030398902,Recommended,241930,33549526,Posted: 14 July,all,Gooru,"Almost a perfect game.A perfect blend of action, stealth, strategy, progression and story telling. The end is a little weak. Other than that, a game that all developers should take queues from.A little more in depth description. The combat animations are very well done, there are so many different kill shots depending on your position to the enemy. Even when surrounded by enemies, the controls feel seemless and the action flows. Watching the action and is like watching an animated movie. When I would react to the attacks, it was like the game knew exactly what I wanted to do. This made the combat fun, even after killing Urocks, over and over and over. I found myself even stopping to fight for no other reason then to dismemeber orcs. The stealth detection wasn't amazing but a fun aspect added to the game. The progress of skills upgradable to your three primary weapons always kept combat engaging and more and more fun as you could dominate hoards.The storyline was a lot of fun. There wasn't too much talking or cutscenes. Just enough to get you in the mood. The orcs talking and comments were fun too when they were recognizing you.Dynamic captian and warcheif system. Did you kill an Elite captain? Well he might be replaced by another captain to take his place. Each with a different personality, strengths and weaknesses. Did you get killed? Sure, you'll respawn, but there are consequences. Captians will get promoted, gain in power and might even become Warcheifs that you will have to fight later. Stratigem plays in as you will have to decide how to take out a Warchief's bodyguards or turn his own against him. If only more games had cool evolving hierarchies like this.Beyond that, there are other cool things like breaking in beasts to ride them. It's just good ole plain fun. Highly recommended!Note: I recommend this game at a sale price as the hours of game play are limited."
76561198165209951,Recommended,241930,33615308,Posted: 17 July,all,Instant Pudding,Really love this game....recomend it to anyone that enjoys lord of the rings type games with a good storyline
,Recommended,241930,26263606,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rektless,"it's a fun game with good combat but it gets so incredibly repetitive and I found the world bland, not much to do and unexciting campaign missions.7/10"
76561198072971760,Recommended,241930,30850989,Posted: 31 March,all,Macky,"This game is absolutely amazing. If you are a fan of the lord of the rings you will love this game. If you are a fan of assissans creed you will enjoy this game. This game introduced a amazing and unique system called the nemesis system which makes the game really come to life. However. I would give the game a 10/10 but the ending leaves you saying what???? Do not get me wrong, i would recommend this game to anyone and i will play this game many times over but the ending was just lazy and unfulfilling. Still 9/10."
76561198061539158,Recommended,241930,32339300,Posted: 11 June,all,His Imperial Majesty,"Good game , though kinda short."
76561198236849360,Recommended,241930,32241423,Posted: 7 June,all,Skeattles,"Amazing, best LOTR game I have played by far."
76561198026848873,Recommended,241930,12575151,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,goldenelite21,"This game lets you kill orcs, and kill orcs well. Great game, enticing storyline (it is LoTR after all), and extremely smooth gameplay, even while on a keyboard and mouse."
76561198084685604,Recommended,241930,12961251,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,homeliketea,Well i have beaten the game and all i can say is THAT THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!! it is the best game i have ever played and the stroy and characters are amzing and the end was awesome there is not one bad thing i can say about this game if you are looking for a game with free roaming great story beautiful graphics and great challenges this is the game for you i rate this game 100/100 because its that good and pluss who doesnt love the lord of the rings franchisei tried to push the recomend button 20 times i guess 1 is going to have to workPs. going to be the first one to  buy the second one
76561198036764923,Recommended,241930,12427559,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Spt13,Great for a mindless romp story is about 18hrs if you play it open world you'll get about 25 hrs if you 100% it about 30proscombat system is fluid (you always feel in full control i.e able to interupt many of your own animations in order to perform counters)graphically competentwell optimised ( i had one glitch with mr camera)animation quality is superbthe nemisis system is very clevercharacters are fun if forgettablefor any LOTR fans lots of lore to enjoyconsCONTEXTUAL BUTTONS ON A PC GAME (ie sprinting towards someone with spacebar also being the button for jump over enemy)average ai (the only time the ai needs do anything but hoard you is stealth and its assasin creedy time with thier vision limited to a thirty degree arc in front of them [slight exaggeration :) ] )after the first 10 hrs if you've been killing captains youll be powerfull enough to mostly avoid death (however they compensate with powerfull bosses)late game your ♥♥♥♥ing unstoppablemaps are unispired and size is limitedthe final boss makes me cough blood (though the one before hand is fun if easy)SummaryGreat hoard killy assasin creedy stealth type game with an excellent mechanic in the nemesis system even though the game is eay after a whileand the open world + story + characters are kinda forgettable.P.SIF YOU MEET A CAPTAIN NAMED PRAK THE (INSERT TITLE HERE) KILL THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,241930,24931362,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Bäääjby skinsjar.com,"Very fun game! And actually very hard sometimes!! Really fun! I bought the Game of The Year edition since it was on sale, so i have all DLC´s which is a HUGE plus to this game!8/10"
,Recommended,241930,25729172,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,FUk Th!$ $H!T I M 0uT,"Feeling Depressed and Angry at Someone or something?Can""t Do♥♥♥♥♥♥against them?Buy this Masterpiece and Let the Inner Demon Inside You do the rest of of the Job.Ranged And Melee Weapons. DONEStupid Annoying URUKS And ORCS.DoneKilling Them BRUTALLY . Satisfation . Perfectly Done.Never thought Playing with a Female Character can be such Brutal and satisfying.GG MONOLITH STUDIOS."
,Recommended,241930,25816472,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,legit chinese,A story about a ghost that can blow up your goddam head.11/10
76561198061455802,Recommended,241930,25791679,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ragefox,Assassin Creed meets Lord of the Rings.
,Recommended,241930,28909068,Posted: 1 January,all,Dainid,"When I first got the game, I was pretty excited about it all. The world looked nice, you could potentially be a silent assassin, saving people - and later in the game you can get the bad guys on your side. Seems preeeeetty cool.But about half-way through the game - well, it's more or less the same game than what you started with. You know the controls better, understand how the combat system works (kinda like Assassin's Creed : if you counter, you'll win - only ranged attacks threaten you). You do all this work to get ""spies"" and such in the enemy army, try to pick the toughest ones... only to find in the end, well... you coulda just picked anyone.I keep picking the game back up, remembering how excited I was when I bought it - but then after about 2 hours, I put it back down. It's just so repetitive.It's a great game the first time through - but once ya beat it, it's a struggle to pick back up."
76561198000836861,Recommended,241930,26968029,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TurdBeetle,Batman Arkham may have popularised the combat system but this game perfected it.great combat system along with nemesis system makes the game replay value well worth you time.
,Recommended,241930,27859133,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Iron5nake,"It suffers the problem that many open world games have, which is repetitive misions. You will find youself  having to hunt Uruks until you reach the Warchiefs. However, the combat is very fun, and making different uruks have different stregths and weaknesses makes it very interesting, as you have to plan your strategy to kill them, but in late-game, when you unlock certain skills, you will find yourself killing every uruk the same way: Stun punch -> 5 slashes -> Combat Finisher -> Combat Finisher 2 -> Repeat.So, even if a few aspects of the game are repetitive and could be dull in a lot of ways, Shadow of Mordor does a good job at keeping the action fun and entertaining. I could stay days killing uruk after uruk without getting bored."
,Recommended,241930,22641978,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Procrastinate Mental Attitude,"crashes after 10-20minutes playing..have tried all kind of settings that I found on internet but nope..i5 6500GTX 650 Ti----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Edited :My GPU is OC version and after I underclocked my GPU, the game is playable.Now I can give my review about the game- Gameplay : 9/10 ( I don't really care about people arguing this game is mimicking Assassin's Creed gameplay because I am not AC fangays aand haven't played any of AC series more than 2 hrs :v )- Graphic & Sound : 9/10- Story 8/10- Overall : 9/10 would bang that uruks ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Minus : people often getting Freezes/Hangs/Crashes/BSOD when playing this game, but there are solutions out there you can try before blaming evil spirits possessing your PC :v"
,Recommended,241930,27004935,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Johnathan3000,"I played this game cause i wanted to see the whole story of Middle-earth on my own. Glad i did. It's a very enjoyable game killin' orcs and learning to hunt. I loved it and i'll keep playing it. if you haven't played it already, do so, and you will not be dissapointed at all. The character you are is well written and that's what attracted me the most. Thank you Monolith and please make more out of this. I thumbs up reccomend it!:-D"
76561197998487201,Recommended,241930,27362287,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BowsArr,ultimately the most satisfying combat but some variety maybe double kills being a possibility woulda been cool
,Recommended,241930,27513166,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Brother of Hercules,Great game!
,Recommended,241930,27651382,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DeckedCanine,I very much enjoyed this game.Definitely worth however much it costs when you're reading this.
,Recommended,241930,27253927,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CYCLOPS,This is possibly the best game ive played ever. so fun
,Recommended,241930,27254516,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,S L Λ M,"I remember LoTR games being very poor in combat, but telling great stories.This one tells an ok, if flawed story and insanely well executed combat, the love child of Assasin's Creed, Batman and Tolkien.Beautiful"
,Recommended,241930,25437037,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Shelby,"pretty decent game, good graphics, well optimised. The only i have is that killing off the captains doesn't really do anything much in particular, regardless of how many times to slay them, a new one just pops up. but other than that pretty good game."
76561198057539150,Recommended,241930,31128492,Posted: 13 April,all,Prime Shagg,"I love this game so much. I wouldn't be afraid to say it's one of my favorite games of all time. I bought it a second time just to play it again on PC. The game has a lot to do and has a gameplay style that flows very well. It makes me feel like I'm playing one of the Batman Arkham games mixed with an Assassin's Creed title but it's all pulled together by the Middle Earth charm. 9/10 due to some of the finnicky climbing controls from time to time.I love the Sauron's Army function though, that's my favorite part of the game. Have fun branding an army of uruk captains and dispatching them when they've lost their worth."
76561198016421307,Recommended,241930,25690236,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,mongoose19,... jesus christ... woah.
,Recommended,241930,25619463,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Sulphine,"Where to begin, this game is extremely enjoyable. I bought this game while it was on sale and I must say, for around $8 this game provides you with SO, so many hours of entertainment. At first I thought it was a pretty short game as listed there are only 20 actual main missions but yet the real beauty in this game is all the side content, which yes... I have to admit it does get a little grindy, especially when you want to get new abilities etc but at the same time it provides you with a system that is somehow just addictive to play. The atmosphere is wonderful, the world is beautiful, and the lore it provides to the Lord Of The Rings series that you pick up through the game is just great. 10/10. Oh and did I mention that there's LOADS of head explosions?"
,Recommended,241930,24139064,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Accept_The_Shrock,"I highly recommend this game! The combat system is enthralling and is not just a counter spam. (looking at you here AC) When I finally beat the game, I longed for more action, which I found in collectibles and side missions. Overall, this game is a 10!I I quite loved the story even though it was rather short. One more thing.: Ratbag for Warchief!"
76561198060911223,Recommended,241930,24899976,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Umbrik,"Amazing battle system, the nemesis stuff if just great"
76561198106279400,Recommended,241930,30737027,Posted: 25 March,all,Mcstripey,10/10 would cause chaos again
76561198054743796,Recommended,241930,28088619,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,- Achillion -,Who would reject the opportunity to gut and decapitate hordes of Orcs in Mordor anyway ? :)
76561198000904437,Recommended,241930,25603236,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[HK]GN Wong,"100/10 best game ever!but...about the QTE last boss, is a bit shame.hope to see SOM 2"
,Recommended,241930,25531138,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Alisquare,"Middle Earth is my favourite fictional universe, and this game does an admirable job making Mordor come to life and educating newcomers of the series about the creation of the rings of power. Unfortunately though, the game lacks in difficulty, it gets easier as you continue to play.Yes, you'll come across moments where you bite off more than you can chew, or moments when you come across an extremely powerful legendary captain that you didn't get intel on. But you can usually just ""Left click, Z"" outta there and go kill him later once you find out he is scared of flies or something.If you want a good experience, turn off the counter attack alerts and AI awareness indicator so that you need to pay more attention watching out for your enemies attacks.I adore the nemesis system. It adds alot of replay value and creates a lot of entertaining/funny stories to tell."
76561198063560294,Recommended,241930,25140217,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kapitein Breukbeen,"Shadow of Mordor is like a mix of Assassin's Creed and Dishonored in the world of Tolkien. You have the freedom to do whatever you want, whenever you want. The number of ways you can use to complete your objectives keeps increasing as you gain new abilities throughout the game, allowing you to be versatile in combat. The main missions are interesting and fun to me, as well as hunting down the artefacts and whatnot. You can also have fun not doing anything in particular. A good number of hours of my gametime were spent just running around Mordor wreaking havoc among the orcs.Pro's:-Great Graphics-Fun gameplay-Difficulty and number of approaches increase throughout the game-Orc captain system-Start the game an almost immediately start hacking down orcs-Good story-TolkienCon's:-Regular combat might get repetitive after a while-The end of the last bossfight is very underwhelming"
76561198145221115,Recommended,241930,25638390,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Evan,SOOOO MUCH FUNN!!!! my friend leant me this game and i got addicted so i just had to buy it! cant live without it!
76561198087958311,Recommended,241930,21951245,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Chewbaccanator,"*Stalks Uruk for a couple minutes**Sneaks up behind Uruk**Grabs Uruk by the neck**Stabs Uruk a couple times*Uruk: ""Is someone sneakin' about?""10/10 Would confuse the hell out of Uruk again"
,Recommended,241930,12336691,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,zuppaclub,"you need brain (by collecting intel and check what is the chief weakness or strong point) on how to defeat the chiefs in this gamenot just by rambo style or spartan style, you will died quickly if you do that (especially if you don't run away when your health is low)"
,Recommended,241930,20168000,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,bran,play through batman: orcham asylum whilst commanding your powerful war chefs to create the finest of stews and to retrieve only the most formidable of potions for grandma whose wooly socks you shall wear when you decide to go into battle as an orcham knight
76561198025062299,Recommended,241930,19428563,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tomcat X,"My GOTY for 2015 (I know it came out in 2014, ♥♥♥♥ you I'm calling it anyways) Shadow of Mordor is an open world action game set in the world of Lord of the Rings. You are a ranger who was murdered along with your family by some of Sauron's generals, but now you're back with the help of an elven wraith who grants you supernatural abilities. The combat is basically stolen from the recent Batman games, but here it is more violent and thus more satisfying. Basically the game is an orc murder simulator, you run around the large open world assassinating orcs and their captains, most of whom say funny stuff before you off them. The orcs are kind of the stars of the game, and it does a good job instilling them with some character.When you're not in combat you can collect elven glyphs and artifacts, and use experience points to upgrade your character's abilities. The game is good at making you feel like a badass, which is something that will drive you to play more as you'll want to strengthen your character to increase that feeling.I'm a pretty casual gamer, and usually play in short spurts, but the night I downloaded this I spent six hours playing it, which is a goddamn miracle given my short attention span.If you've ever wanted to experience a Lord of the Rings power fantasy and stick it to Sauron's army, then this is the game for you. Highly recommended."
76561198168926882,Recommended,241930,20059130,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DnJ,"So... I've just completed 100% of the original game (every missions, survival & hunting challenges, outcast missions, etc) and the first DLC 'Lord of the Hunt'. I must say, I really enjoyed this game. When I bought it, some of my friends told me a lot of people were disappointed because it is not exactly fidele to the trilogy LotR (despise being an excellent game), but in spite of that 'infidelity', I was immersed in its fantasy-universe. Although it is a 'serious' game, it does not lack humour (storyline, dialogue...) and playing through the game will certainly lead you to funny moments (death, kill, wathever).To anyone who is ready to commit themselves into an open-world game and is a fan of LotR (or at least, of medievalistic fantasy), I strongly recommend this game.(I would say it would take on average 35h to complete 100% of the game, including the DLC)."
76561198009868233,Recommended,241930,20062538,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Apollo Of Nova,"Whether or not you're familiar with Tolkien's universe this game is still amazing. Not only does it have a creative fantasy feel to it but it is also extremely unique. the Nemisis System assures that you will never be bored, I find myself coming back to the game even a year later. The graphics are outstanding and the gameplay is even better. there are just enough animations thrown around every time you slice an orc or shoot an arrow to give you that feel of immersion. The storyline is also well-devoloped and quite emotional. You will love this game.Overall I would rate this game a 10/10"
76561198017120445,Recommended,241930,20034207,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Originalistas,one of the best game ever
76561198039944548,Recommended,241930,20029215,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,GameStaple,"This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I'm running a 2.8 i7 MBPR from mid-2014, with 16gb of RAM, and dual video cards and at the lowest advanced video settings the game is still choppy enough to be a distraction.WTF."
,Recommended,241930,20031021,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,BrianBr0,"Really good game, but a bit short, could have some more depth to the story"
76561198260753564,Recommended,241930,20475037,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Chesties,"Great game, love the combat system. Nothing bad to say."
,Recommended,241930,20845799,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Xelk,"As a LOTR fan, I started playing this game wearing my judgemental glasses and I must say I wasn't disappointed at all.The gameIt's basically you against unlimited hordes of orcs led by captains and warchiefs. There's a main storyline and a number of side quests and achievements to unlock.UniverseI love the atmosphere and environment of the game. It all fits perfectly with LOTR universe.CombatI found the combat really fun. You can play stealth (kinda like Assassin's Creed) or assault mode as you wish and you own three weapons: a sword, a dagger and a bow which you can improve using runes.Eventually, you gain the ability to mount beasts. Additionally, you can obtain a reasonable amount of skills.Fights are easy to handle, but they still are fun, although I wish the game was more challenging.VisualsSimply astonishing, nothing else to add here.ConclusionFor me this game was totally worth buying. I got it when it was 66% off and played for a good amount of time. So I'd say that if you appreciate a fun combat system, you like the LOTR universe and you don't mind single player, this is a game for you.Nevertheless, I wouldn't buy it for its full price because I feel like a ~50€ game should have more content."
,Recommended,241930,22631443,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Peregrine,"I killed an orc boss. Then he came back and killed me. Then I came back and killed him. Right after I killed him, a random mob ranked up by killing me. Then I came back and killed him. Then he came back and killed me. Then I came back and killed him.Best game ever."
,Recommended,241930,13292761,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Inferno,"A fantastic (possibly the best) game set in Middle-Earth with satisfying and competent combat, a surpisingly compelling story and a revolutionary gameplay mechanic in the Nemesis system.Compared often to the Batman Arkham games and Assassin's Creed, better than both in my honest opinion.Port is near-flawless for PC as well."
76561198168598532,Recommended,241930,25299514,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Im BATMAN,Amazing game! It's one of those games u can play for hours and have fun playing alone. Just don't make it too easy on yourself by upgrading ur health too much. Also I run it on a laptop integrated graphics and it works fine!
,Recommended,241930,25556907,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,WhiteTigger,"9/10As many have probably said before me, Shadow of Mordor brings all the positive elements from the Batman Arkham game's combat and the Assassin's Creed parkour as well as climb-tower-to-reveal-missions systems. After taking these features, they have then been upgraded to ultimate badassery, as Talion fights harder, climbs faster and executes leaps-of-faith falling directly onto the rock hard ground instead of a haystack, shaking the ground in the process.Story-wise the game is alright... it isn't special in that aspect. And even though the fighting can get repetitive after a dozen or so hours, constant upgrades and procedurally generated enemies will make you come back to it!Side-note: the game is quite well optimized on PC with a plethora of graphical settings. The Feral Interactive port of it on Mac is fine as well, but I could barely get it to run at 600p lowest of the lowest settings on Intel Iris Pro graphics."
,Recommended,241930,25613432,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,♠ ßlackjack,dis gaem gud ur welcum for guud review
76561198020728468,Recommended,241930,25617840,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Gerard,"They could've made this game in any number of other settings. They could've set it in the universes of Warhammer, Warcraft, Dragon Age, Elder Scrolls. Heck, I can even imagine shoehorning it into a setting like Game of Thrones or Dungeon keeper, though you might have to allow the player to mass slaughter other things besides orcs.I'm all for making fantasy murderporn but inserting it into a Tolkien setting is just plain wrong. The entire point of the LOTR trilogy is that power corrupts. That violence poisons and changes the person inflicting it. That trying to turn the enemy's weapons against him will make you as big a monster as the thing you're trying to defeat.So when Talion, the protagonist, murders his way to the top virtually without consequences this leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. His fight isn't even a counterinsurgency in an unrightfully occupied land, it's full on terrorism. He's murdering a race of sentient (if abhorrent) beings in their own homes, on their own land. Even while he's freeing slaves it doesn't redeem him, because thirty seconds later he's enslaving orcs and forcing them to fight their kin. Brainwashing is fine as long as the good guys are doing it, right? As far as I can tell, he doesn't care much about the slaves anyway, except when they have information for him.The whole game I was expecting the evil ringwraith to betray him and reveal himself as actually evil. But even that doesn't happen. Yes, it turns out Celebrimbor was fooling Talion but secretly they were on the same page all along. As long as they keep murdering orcs they'll just stay best friends or whatever.Shadow of Mordor was one of the best games of 2014, by which I mean, it was a good game and it came out in 2014. The Nemesis system lived up to the hype, it was amazing and fun to play with. And I got the game on sale at the bargain price of 7,50, so I can't complain. I just wish the illuminati had used a different setting in their weird attempt to justify the Iraq/Afghanistan wars."
76561198114532651,Recommended,241930,24927553,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,[IE]SHREESH,"Another Gem in my game liberary. A must play for all RPG fans. If you have liked Batman Arkham Series, then Shadow of Mordor is next level...."
,Recommended,241930,31127489,Posted: 13 April,all,QuackMaster07,There are many things about this game i just absolutely love:-The Graphics-The Combat Sustem and its huge variety of moves to destroy Sauron's Army-The Nemesis System-Infinite uruk can become captains/warcheifsForever Lasting Brutality = Forever Lasting Fun!!!Best Game I have Played in yearsThis game is a solid 15.1003278953/10I cannot wait for the sequel coming out on August 22 :)
,Recommended,241930,24916047,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,XaXa,Kioshima était le problème
,Recommended,241930,25090913,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,M3RKDICKY5000,This Game is Awsome BUY IT NOW HUEUHEUHEUH EUH EUHEU UHUE HEUHUEH EUHEU HEU UEUHEU H  :3
,Recommended,241930,12643736,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,FoXy,"Swift,brutal and dynamic open world slasher based on the new gameplay system called Nemesis. That thing will certainly give you a lot of new gaming experience. Otherwise it's a pretty well made game is LotOR universe with simple and lowly plot.9/10"
,Recommended,241930,17782146,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Trench,One of the best open world stabby climb games available
,Recommended,241930,12439777,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Hotfoot,"Shadows of Mordor is a game that kind of came out of nowhere. At first, it appeared to be yet another Assassin's Creed clone, abusing the lore of Tolkien's amazingly rich world to justify some super-powered parkour killing machine. I was honestly about to give it a pass, but then the story trailer hooked me. While I can't say the game does nothing to alter the lore of Middle Earth, the ""damage"" it does is actually quite limited and something that you could see maneuvered in between words of parts of the Silmarillion. It is not like some of the games before that have been faithful to the extreme, but neither is it like the games that have trampled all over the lore just to justify the game itself.As far as the game plays, it's akin to Assassin's Creed and Arkham. So much so, it's been referred to as Arkham's Creed: Mordor in some circles I travel. Is that bad? No, not really. It manages to make combat feel better than either of the above games, bringing with it more of the challenge of the Batman games with the freedom of movement from the Assassin's Creed series. Moreover, and perhaps most importantly, is the introduction of a death penalty that adds so much to the game. As you play, should you die (outside of a main story mission), the game world becomes harder and less forgiving. Spend too much time dying, and you'll quickly find enemies are far more powerful than you could have possibly imagined.The main storyline missions are actually rather short, you could probably complete this game in eight hours or less if you really had a mind to, similar to the Elder Scrolls games, but doing so would make you miss out on the absolute best part of the game, the Nemesis system. I could and have ranted for hours on the excellence of this part of the game. It legitimately has you make your own story about hunting and killing the Uruk Captains and Warchiefs, and then even goes so far as to have you share your stories with your friends when they take Vendetta missions killing Uruks that have previously killed you. They'll tell you about it, and you'll almost immediately respond with, ""Oh THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"" It's practically without fail the go-to response, because you'll remember the ones that kill you. You'll want revenge, you'll want to humiliate them, so much so, sometimes, that you'll get sloppy, and the game will punish you for that.And it is excellent at that. So wonderfully excellent. But enough of that, let's get to the Pros and Cons.Pros:-The graphics are gorgeous, in fact, too much for my current video card to handle at full power, requiring a card with 6GB of RAM to handle the ULTRA textures. The game still looks amazing despite that, but I welcome the love and care they gave this game's PC version. They even included HAIL into the weather cycle, which is a first in my experience, frankly. It's cosmetic, but it's nice to see.-On the non-ultra settings, my system runs the game flawlessly. No random crashes, slowdowns, hitches, nothing, and still manages to look amazing.-As mentioned before, the Nemesis system is excellent, and the fact that it's always in the world, regardless of any other mission you happen to be doing adds a level of realism and depth to the game, as well as danger and drama that is really hard to fully verbalize.-Combat is difficult, but fair. Every so often you may get stuck on terrain if you're not careful, but in my experience that was rarely fatal in itself. There are no healing potions like in Assassin's Creed. Enemies will attack you from range while you are engaged in melee, and as you level up while your bag of tricks expands, you never really get anything that is a super-move that lets you win the game easily. At any moment, you could get hit a few times and have to back off or risk dying.-The Death Penalty is wonderful. Instead of you just reloading and starting over as if nothing happened, you die, and time passes. The Uruk that killed you will likely get a promotion, and the workings of Uruk politics will play out without your interference. Captains will get promoted to Warchief, unnamed Uruks will be promoted to Captain, and so forth and so on. Uruk Captains that were previously vulnerable to certain attacks may soon become invulnerable to them, and while the game prevents the system from making utterly unkillable bosses, it will make some very difficult to take down as a result.-The Captains remember you, what you did, and what you are doing. Unleash the Warg-like Caragors on them? They'll make mention of it. Burn them in your last encounter? They'll bare the burns and call you out on it. Send them a death threat? Oh, they'll remember. They of course, can also come back from the dead, unless you take their head off. So there might be a captain you thought long since dead, but suddenly, he's back and madder than ever.-The big collectable hunt is actually pretty fun and you get some nice bits of lore as you go. They've even taken some bits from the latest Tomb Raider game for it, which is pretty cool.-The Vendetta system is cool, because you can kill the people who killed your friends, and they can do the same for you. I would have liked to have seen a sort of co-op or invasion style thing going on, but coding and justification for that would have been difficult.Cons:-The Intro section to the game is rather haphazard and not well done as far as introducing you to the mechanics of play. You have a brief tutorial involving basic controls, and then you're shoved into the game, no real exploration into the deeper mechanics of it (how to use the map, what means what, etc). The Captains are also on the map from the word go, so you've got that to contend with, which can be punishing if you're not ready for it.-Many of the much more fun abilities, like being able to convert Uruks and give them orders, are gated behind storyline missions, and you can't unlock them until about 2/3rds of the way through the game. This, to me, is a major sin. Gate the higher level versions of powers if you must, but let us play with the core versions early on. One of my biggest complaints with the original Bioshock is that the best toys were gated until much later in the game, at which point we already had upgraded and improved our starting tools to the point where the new, unupgraded tools were just simply not worth the effort to use or learn, because they weren't as good as what we were used to, and the need or desire to play with them was effectively reduced. If you have great toys for us to play with, give them to us early in the game. By the 1/3rd point in the game at most, the core versions of each toy should be in our hot little hands, so we can spend the bulk of the game playing with them and coming up with fantastic ways to use them. As it is, the story became something I had to do to unlock the really cool abilities so I could go back to the Nemesis system and have fun, which is not what you really want the game to be.-The Nemesis system could have used more work. This is a bit of a cop-out, because I think it's utterly fantastic, but more names for the Uruks, having them tie back into the story a bit more (difficult, I know, given the random nature of it all), tying the first zone and second zone a bit more together (running into the last level with ten war chiefs and their bodyguards would have been amazing). Really though, this was the best part of the game and I wanted to see more of it, so, sort of con.-The story felt a bit weak at times, and a bit rushed towards the end. It wasn't ever bad, but I felt more could have been done with it."
76561198036061187,Recommended,241930,18885859,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sir EEKS the 1st,"This game is a must in your gaming library on Steam!! Amazing graphics maxed out, but it's not about just the graphics in itself. This LOTR title has some awesome gameplay mechanics with lots to do and see. The controls are just about similar to the Batman Arkham series with the same combat mechanics. The story is great and very immersive. I could definitely for this title to anyone wanting to pick it up. As for what you pay for out of a solid game, it's completely worth every cent!! Plus you get to kill orcs in some of the most gruesome ways possible! Trust anything with Orc killing is fun, but this is more than just having fun, it's on an EPIC scale!! You won't ever be disappointed! Disregard the few negative reviews out there for this game. Some think this game is hard, but to me it's what a game should all about...CHALLENGING! 10/10!!"
76561198230936524,Recommended,241930,30339914,Posted: 5 March,all,Popeye,"great game, had to suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥to get this game gifted to me, i say worth but idk really"
,Recommended,241930,12519207,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,MrFailzz,"Shadow of Mordor was a game that I kept my eye on when I heard of it, but personally I didn't think it would be a good game. After playing it fully through I can say that I was thoroughly impressed by the game. It's a gorgeous game (I wouldn't say it is next-gen, but it's still beautiful), has a decent storyline, has great gameplay, and actually runs smoothly on my computer compared to many recent games.The combat is much like that of the Arkham games, smooth, brutal, and extremely satisfying. It uses a nicely familiar combat system which felt natural for me as soon as I went ingame. It didn't feel clunky and I didn't have to consciously think about the controls while in combat. The animations are fantastic which helps give the combat a smooth and immersive feeling. I would almost dare to say this game's combat is smoother than the Arkham games.The story in this game is what I would say is one of it's weaker points. It starts out feeling a bit cliche with the whole ""vengeance"" feel. There are some areas in the story seemed a bit out of place, or disconnected from the rest of it. Other parts felt like they added it just to have characters from Lord of the Rings. Later on the plot of the story got more interesting, as Talion started to understand what he was capable of. The ending boss battle felt abit...lame?It really built up the ending in my opinion, but a quick time event? That was a bit disappointing. However, the ending did seem to leave off on the feeling that there will be a sequel (I'm not sure though). I've also heard that there are some problems when it comes to the official lore, but that's not much of a problem to me. The story took me about 30 hours to complete entirely, but I did not rush through the game. I would suggest taking your time doing the main quest, side quests, and mess around with the nemesis system. If you rush through this it might only take less than 10 hours to finish, so don't rush, enjoy the game!The open world exploration felt much like Assassin's Creed, which isn't necessarily a terrible thing. Climbing up stuff is extremely smooth and doesn't have that many 'hiccups.' The stealth is done nicely, with a bit of a mixture of Assassin's Creed and the Arkham games stealth systems. The orcs seem blind at times, but considering how terrible I am at stealth, I won't be complaining.The nemesis system! This is one of the best parts about this game. Shadow of Mordor's nemesis system helps get rid of the repetitiveness a lot of games suffer. It makes all the captains and warchiefs unique, with their own names, abilities, strengths, and fears. Some are extremely hard to kill, and others are easy. When a captain kills you, they will become more powerful. If they kill you multiple times they might become your nemesis. They also will get stronger by completing their own missions, which you can intervene in. Not only do they become stronger, but they will remember you. This is a small but nice touch in the game. If they killed you once before they might taunt you, or if you use something such as a Caragor to scare them but they end up escaping, they might make a remark about how you don't have that to your advantage the next time. I remember one captain I could simply not kill, and he ended up killing me over and over, and his power kept increasing until he reached his power cap. I actually had to take my time and learn his weaknesses in order to kill him. The nemesis system really is amazing, and there's a lot more I would like to say about it but I don't want to spoil it all.The game is a really gorgeous game, it really is, and the way the environment was visualized is beautiful. However, I would not go as far to call this a next-gen looking game. The cutscenes are also really high quality. One thing I was a bit sad about, but not too surprised at, is that I was unable to run this game on ultra settings. The game also claims that ultra textures require 6 GB of VRAM, and I've looked into this and it seems to be false. At 1080p with ultra settings most people said the highest VRAM usage they got was around 3.5 GB (I did not test this myself), and apparently 6 GB of VRAM is meant for people who run the game at 4k resolution.The sound in the game is great. It really helps with the immersion and brutality of the combat. Every strike of the sword, every shot from your bow, and every explosion truly makes it feel  immersive, smooth, brutal, and impactful. The voice acting is great in the game, and it never felt emotionless or bland. The voice acting always felt very well delivered.Another thing many games lack is difficulty. Now, this game doesn't have a difficulty changer (However, you can disable certain things to make it harder), but it actually can be pretty tough at times. This of course depends on what enemies you are facing and how many of them. For instance, a few ghuls might feel really easy to kill off, but when it feels like there are over 50 of them it starts to get more complicated. The same goes with the orcs, and especially when you are facing multiple (Yes, multiple) captains along with a large group of orcs.A few things I think they could improve on,--In the nemesis system, captains will gain power and so on, but war chiefs never do. I understand in the game it is said that the war chiefs aren't ""popular,"" but I feel their power should increase over time. Also, I think there shouldn't be a cap of 20 on their power level, since once you complete the game most captains aren't all that hard, except for a select few which have a lot of strengths and almost no weaknesses.--Add an antialiasing option. I understand there is supersampling/downsampling in the game, but that is a killer of performance compared to other types of antialiasing. **Update** They seemed to have added an option for FXAA, but I'm not entirely sure it works properly.--I noticed the nemesis system can be somewhat abused. I would honestly limit how many captains you can brand, or how many bodyguards one warchief can have. I was able to brand 19 captains and make them all the bodyguard of one warchief. It was amusing to see all 19 captains annihilate their warchief, but that really shouldn't be possible. I was also able to kill off every single captain and warchief before any more were able to spawn (Yes, there is an advance time option.) I do understand that the vast majority of players won't do that.Any fan of the Lord of the Rings franchise or that universe, and has played and loved the combat from the Arkham games, will love this game in my opinion. Even if you haven't heard of Lord of the Rings, or haven't played the Arkham games, I would still have to recommend this game. It's a great game with some beautiful visuals in an open world, an amazing combat system, and a fairly well done story.."
76561198316345095,Recommended,241930,30291975,Posted: 3 March,all,Boggrat,This game is great - the nemesis system keeps it from becoming 'samey'.I would recommend this game if you are at all interested in Tolkien's works - or general fantasy.The plot is superb and the voice acting is just incredible.Roll on the 'Shadow of War'...if it is half as good as this game then it will be fantastic!
,Recommended,241930,12316979,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Jin,"The Nemesis system is a lot of fun, as is just slaughtering orcs in various ways. The combat system is fluid, responsive and satisfying. Game also looks pretty and runs well."
76561198027966758,Recommended,241930,23877799,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Flasheart,"This game always draws me back for just oen more go, the Nemesis system is fun and even when the same orc you ""Thought"" you killed comes back to taunt you, you will still want to take him out and make his death a permanent one.Highly reccomended"
76561198157840634,Recommended,241930,25555059,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,CryoJihn,"This is the most fun game ive played in a while, i dedfinetly recommend it cause its addicting to play"
,Recommended,241930,30371035,Posted: 7 March,all,Avalanject,"Best Game I've Played in AgesMiddle Earth: Shadow of Mordor, this game is aboslutely incredible. I don't have much playtime and im about a quarter of the way through the campaign at this point. That may seem bad considering my playtime but i have just had so much fun messing around killing the captains and doing other missions and quests. I just want to say that this game reminds me of both and feels like a mixture of Assassins Creed and Skyrim which is not a bad thing under any circumstances. I love these third-person-view action/stealth games and this games takes that to a new level with much better combat and A.I. than both the other games, but incorporates the counter-attacks from Assassins Creed: Black Flag and most of the combat feel, and the beautiful medieval timey feel and look of Skyrim including the large, open map to make you feel free.The A.I.The A.I. in this game is extremely good, in some cases it can be too good and could probably use some turning down ;)Combat?The combat in this game can be challenging and in most cases depends completely on your timing or just how many Orcs or Uruks there are around you. I have heard that this games combat is similar to that of which can be found in the new batman games (Batman: Origins and Batman: Arkham City/Asylum). I have taken this into thought and actually completely agree, which is not a bad thing. The main similarity is the fact that after a few hits Uruks will become 'Downed' and will need to be ground executed which can take time and is normally denied by another Uruk hitting you so it can be hard to kill large groups of Uruks without patience or lucky timing. This game also has an interesting range of powers and abilities which range from a somewhat ground pound to deal small damage and stun everyone around you to an ability which kills every nearby 'Downed' enemy and will scare others nearby. For fighting you will get a dagger, sword and bow. Sword for basic combat, Bow for sniping, and Dagger for stealth kills.Customizations?As far as customization goes, you can only do so much. Your weapons can equip runes which add little glowing stones to the handle which do make it look slightly better and there are also missions which invole special tasks and when you complete a certain amount of them words will be engraved on your weapons (which weapon depends on the mission) which will make it look pretty sick and the dagger and sword will change in appearance when you've done 5/10 and again once you've completed all 10. Sadly the bow does not ;(. You can purchase all sorts of upgrades to unlock new abilities which are all very exiting and helpful and there are also basic but extremely benificial upgrades such as more health, more arrow capacity etc. As for your character, there are several DLC packs that will provide you with some cool looking skins such as some amazing silver armour and a hood, and even the main villain to play as.Looks? Quality? How does it run?Probably a bad question for me as i actually run this game at the lowest graphical settings and still only get around 20-30fps which is honestly fine by me and i still have a blast. The cutscenes are still amazing quality and definitely immersive.Story?I think when it comes to a good game, story can be a very vital part of a games reputation and when it comes down to it, can make or break a game. If you follow Lord of The Rings and are a gamer than this is the game for you. As you could probably tell by the title of the game it says 'Middle Earth' which is where the Lord of the Rings films are set and take place. Although not seeing the movies, it's quite simple to understand, entertaining and definitely interesting so far.Open WorldI could honestly play this game for hours on end even without a campaign or any story to follow. The ranking system in the game is made up of about 50 Uruks at a time and is an extremely interesing touch and makes hunting down Uruks so much better and much more rewarding. If you die by an Uruk he will become a captain who basically just has a gang and acts tough. These people can plan hunting sessions, feasts, recruitments and executions all of which will make them stronger over time, the stronger they are, the harder (obviously). When they become really tough or there are no Warchiefs left, the will usually be promoted to one over time and will recieve up to 7 bodyguards (It's hard but simple). These Warchiefs will have there own missions where you will have to do a certain thing to attract them such as kill 35 Uruks or bow 5 'supporters', he will show up, you kill him and his bodyguards if they're not already dead. This will generally reward you with an epic rune which is normally really awesome or helpful. There are plenty of creatures and interactive things such as campfires which explode when shot and a few other things outdoors to kill Uruks with, collect or just recover health with. One of the coolest features i think are the 'Vendetta' missions which will show you a captain who has killed someone on your friends list and it will tell you to avenge them, 10/10 best thing.OverallReally good game, highly recommend it and you will definitely have fun with this, if you don't then that's okay because everyone is open to their own opinions so, so be it. But defiitely check it out, keep in mind that i run this game as lowest settings (so it looks pretty bad ;-;) and at 30fps so if you have a good PC you'll probably enjoy it allot more than i did and my oh my did i enjoy it! anyway i would just like to thank you for your time and hope this was helpful and will make a few new sales or more :)(Shadow Of War hype amirite?)(Now i have about 1 and a half days of playtime and i had about 10 hours when this was made, i've completed the game and all DLC with all achievements, SO AMAZING)"
76561198148116832,Recommended,241930,31163102,Posted: 15 April,all,Birb,"Man, this game is gooood. obviously there are some glitches, they can be fixed but sometimes you may have to restart. anyways 10/10 ign"
,Recommended,241930,14348868,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,KatarinaMain,"Absolutly fantastic! Just all in all i enjoy the combat experience, the fighting style and combat system."
76561198021129570,Recommended,241930,12438139,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Hwacha,Fantastic
76561198074672850,Recommended,241930,12441092,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,aleclandrum,great game
76561197972347937,Recommended,241930,12441846,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Heretic,While the game itself is quite a bit of fun I have to say my one major complaint is the final fight. For some reason lazy designers decided to make it a quick time event instead of the amazing final battle it should be.Thankfully that was a small part of an otherwise brilliant game.
76561198061237426,Recommended,241930,12446672,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,AdamC,"Haven't played much of it yet, but so far the story is great, the characters you meet are great. The graphics are Great. This game all by far is great, it's a must buy :D. It's best to play with a controller, as the buttons for keyboard are a wee bit weird, but you get used to it. 10/10 ign 10/10 daily star 10/10 The onion"
,Recommended,241930,12639585,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Windzer,Arkham-Action style with Middle-earth. Game of the Year 2014!!
,Recommended,241930,12365732,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,FightingFirst,The story is compelling a the nemesis system brings a new dimension to the game. If you like the Arkum games (as combat is very similar) or Middle Earth you will probably like this game.
76561198151949971,Recommended,241930,13191136,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,『RASPE』FinnTrollfesT,Awesome Game a pleasant mix of Tomb Raider 2012 and Batman series! Recommend for single player lovers and those who like chasing treasures and collectibles!
,Recommended,241930,12487563,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Nimtolien Lairion,"So I just finished the last mission of Shadow of Mordor after 19 hours of gameplay.  First of all I, being a huge Tolkien fan, I have to point out how unfaithful to the books and lore of Middle Earth the story really is.  Of course, any new game set in Middle Earth that isn't telling the story of the books is going to be unfaithful in one way or another but this game has raised the bar extremely high.  I could talk for hours about so many things that are innacurate, wrong or impossible in Tolkien's world but happen to appear in this game when it comes to characters, places, artifacts... but, I won't.  I won't because I knew when I bought this game, hell I even knew when they first annouced the game, that I wasn't going to play the game for the lore or the story.  I bought this game to experience the new nemesis system, to appreciate the wonderful graphics and detail, and to generally kill a load of orcs.The nemesis system is amazing to say the least.  It's addictive.  Being able to hunt down specific orcs with their own design, traits, strengths and weaknesses, and rank was extremely fun.  Hell even dying to them is fun because they get more powerful and you start to build up a special hatred for them making it all the more satisfying when you finally chop their head off.  One fault with the system I would like to mention is that I heard certain people were themselves hunted by orc captains whereas I never was, sadly.  Towards then end, the nemesis system does start to get a bit repetitive but it remains fun thanks to the incredible combat.  Can't wait to see what they do with this system in the future.The combat in this game is overall incredible, it feels like an art, jumping and swinging and executing.  It was so fun I would just walk into fortresses and let them sound the alarm and fight waves of enemies, taking out any archers first and having fun with a few captains along the way who fancied a dance.  The only times when the combat would frustrate me was when you'd encounter a bunch of orcs with spears and shields, instead of blocking you have to evade but evading seems a lot more unresponsive and sometimes just wouldn't work.At the beginning I died a lot because I was unnaware of how useful stealth is, and that you should take your time taking out individual orcs rather than just running in.  Of course that went completely out of the window towards the end when you get awesome skills and runes that make you feel like you're unstoppable.Overall the game definitely stands out from most games released in recent years, it's fun, addictive, beautifully designed and leaves me wanting more.  It gave me hope for this new generation of gaming.  Now all these companies have to do is hire someone with a good idea for a story."
,Recommended,241930,12333401,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kurohyou,This game is legit one of the most amazing games i have played in awhile :)
,Recommended,241930,24181321,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,rpgmyself,"Finally, I decide to write something after I have slayed thousands of uruks and dozens of warchiefs and captains.First, about the graphic:Mordor is not suitable for  sightseeing. The game does describe a tainted world deteriorated by Sauron and his pawns. There are no normal mountains in the game, which should be defined as huge rocks. To my surprise, Talion can also find herbs which survive in such a harsh environment to heal himself. There are Human slaves everywhere who await your rescue. I have to admit that I only offer my help for the rewards most of the time except the call of the main quests and my passing by them.All in all, the dark atmosphere of the game is appropriate.My R9-290 doesn't meet the super high quality option, which needs 6gb video memory. So I set everything to highest except this. Well, the game looks good and runs smoothly. Of course, you can't expect it to match the Witcher 3 Wild Hunt. In my opinion, The Wild Hunt is the best RPG I've ever seen.I've come to the conclusion that Middle-earth™: Shadow of Mordor has a good art style, high level of graphic with great optimization.Second, about the sound effect and musicI should announce that I wore my sony mdr1a connected to the amplifier, sony pha-1a while playing. The system guaranteed that I could tell the details about the sound effect and music. It dose not impress me. Everything sounds so so. There's no music that catches my attention. After all, It's not the priority of the game.Last, about the game playIt is an action game. So It is significant to make a good combat system. I felt Talion was the batman of the Mordor when I swung the sword for the first time. A for sprint, B for interference, X for attack, Y for parry. Well, they are both Warner's games. So they do share the codes and experience. I feel they purposely slow the action down a little at the second when I hit the enemies. It makes me feel that I do strike hard. Additionally, in Batman series, I could hear every sound of every punch. Above all, the combat is exciting and smooth. You can easily reach more than 30 hits. As you find more runes, gain more upgrades, it won't be challenging any more. The skill tree dose not give me more choices. Talion could only rely on his dagger, bow and sword. But you could change your fighting style when you unlock more abilities and equip more powerful runes. You can be a berserker with runes absorbing health and focus from your foes. You can fight like a wraith teleporting between enemies. The best part of the game is the vengeance system. Don't get killed. Don't underestimate your enemy. Make sure that you are powerful enough to eliminate the warchiefs and their minions. Every death you resurrect from will make it more difficult for you to advance. And it's reasonable and awkward to see your killer get promoted. But I have to admit that it is an outstanding idea. Such a great innovation."
76561198142669119,Recommended,241930,24383092,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ethan the brave,"First of all what a great game.There are lots of things to like in this game.Its a middle earth game! How can it be bad?Combat system of this game is great.If you are familiar with games like asassins creed or prince of persia franchise you can see the resemblence.Combos and skills are having a good combination with it.In some games it is a problem there are great skills to use but you can't use them in a combat properly because it makes it hard.Another great thing is the graphics.Simple artwork.Also i'd like to mention about soundtracks and designs.Soundtrack got me.Soundtrack its not like the movies of the franchise.It has ring verse in it if you a nerd like me you can understan when you first hear the soundtrack.Also art work of this great game is great.Swords daggers arrows outfits of the orcs armours etc.Designers really put great effort.Open world is a con too.You can walk and fight in the land of mordor where the shadow lies.I have only one bad thing to say to this game.Odds can be overwhelming in some missions.But great fighting system like that you like to beat up all those enmies.Story story story its has great drama in it.It has a great fiction,charcter psychology,feelings.Story accepts the side characters.Which is good you know in today's gaming world story is not that important according to some studios but it matters!Graphics is not the everythingor multiplayer!If you are bored with too Shadow of Mordor is a great game with soundtrack,artwork design,dynamics and story."
,Recommended,241930,12392379,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Sgtslayer117,"Combat is freaking awesome and the story is interesting, graphics are nice on a 1080p monitor, and there is collectibles to keep you busy in addition to the story!  Only dislikes I have would be the black screen crash that I get sometimes after an hour of playing and that's about it8.9/10"
,Recommended,241930,12327521,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Raiden777,Words cannot describe the awesome that is this game.
,Recommended,241930,12384817,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Neveion,"It's a hack an slack true to form, however I do really like the different exicutions and finishers along with the challenges eunique to each captain. Its a free roam map with plenty of places to climb, hide, kill from. If you looking for a nice game to take out your agression, then I recommend this one.Graphics are clean, have only seen 1-2 minor issuesfighting style is fairly simple, but can get complicated in a hurry depending on what enemies are being engaged and how many.Price is ok"
,Recommended,241930,12367329,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Buck,Best game I've played this year. It is simply addicting and absorbs you into the game. Graphic runs smooth on my 860m even on Ultra. Impressive optimisation. Dying is rather easy in this game but it keeps you on your toes. Totally recommend.
,Recommended,241930,13821080,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,thisishonto,Shadow of Mordor is what Assassin's Creed wishes it could be - 10/10
76561198025282339,Recommended,241930,20479735,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,SAMX777,I love it so much 😄
,Recommended,241930,12378039,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,PandaTheory,"Creds to the dev team on this masterpiece. The story was okay enough, but what kept me stuck to my screen was all the various missions and ""stronghold"" assassinations you could do on the side. I love the fact that I can chose my own approach to a mission (unless given direct ""orders""). I usually go stealth, and if that goes sideways I take a few steps back and look for barrels or campfires I can use to thin out the herd of uruks trying to eat my guts..Here's my pros and cons on this game:Pros:- Graphicly stunning, I often stop to admire the view.. and man those lighting effects are amazing, it really gives a nice feel no matter the time of day or when its raining.- Fantastic PC port. I run everything on ULTRA (except ultra textures, which I dont see any difference from High to that) I get around 70-100 fps at all times.- Great diversion and plenty of things to do. (I finished the game at 100% at 27 Hours)- The Captain/Warchief system gave the game a deeper diversion which was really awesome.. I love running into some captain/warchief I have encountered before and he remembers me (dem feels). On the second area you get to, I have all the warchiefs and the row under them on my side.- Great potential for another walkthrough.- The diffuculty level was stable enough for me to get frustrated at the game, but at the same time understand why I failed... :P It was fairCons:- The ending was too easy, I was prepaired for more.- Some glitches where one should be able to jump up (not often) and some points where I got stuck (happend 2 times throughout my 27 hours)- After I completed the game I find myself wanting more weapons. (its fine tho, but would be awesome).8/10 for me."
,Recommended,241930,19349819,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,[AmTac] Vigilant,"pretty fun game, good graphics, good storyline, if you loved LOTR/Hobbit this is definitely a game for you, super fun stealth mechanics and stuff.sometimes the missions are kindof BS and it seems a tiny bit grindy at times but if you space things out appropriately (not being me and doing all main quests instead of anything else in the first 2 hours of the game) you won't notice much of the grind."
,Recommended,241930,13487139,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,trill pikachu,"its fine though its nothing you haven't seen before, I mean just think Assassin's Creed but you're in Mordor killing Orcs instead, Starts off really well but feels repetitive once you progress, for best experience I'd say skip the secondary missions and just focus on the story."
76561198080097219,Recommended,241930,14126667,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,OKAYGUV,"Let me tell you how this game works in stages.Stage 1: You start off a little unsure about what you are doing and go into fights carefully, but you die a lot.Stage 2: After slaying your first few Warcheifs you become a little more cunning, planning different ways to kill those pesky orks.Stage 3: By this point you have become a little to engrossed in what you do and find yourself charging head on into battle without even thinking.Stage 4: You become an ork slaying badass and feel like nothing can stop you, that is until you die and feel a deep rage inside you.Stage 5: Woah, by this point you are beyond any turning back. You want to finish the game, you want to earn every achievement, you want to kill every Uruk and Ork you see. The power you feel is uncontrollably EPIC!Stage 6: You start to help you enemy rank up in the Nemesis system, allowing him to kill you again and again so that he becomes ever more powerful. You even do the same with his bodyguards, only to kill them all in a battle that feels all too easy.Stage 6: You feel annoyed that there is no challenge the game can give to you, you roam Mordor, searching endlessly for a foe worthy or your blade....but no ork is brave enough to stand against your might.Stage 7: Epic DLC is released and you go chop up some more orks.Stage 8: Now you are the Master, you are unbeatable, no ork nor living thing will stand in your way. You are the Grave Walker and you will have your vengeance.Stage 9: At this point...you throw your controller out the window dress in bubble wrap armour, pick up your cardboard sword and run about hitting random objects, awaiting the next DLC.10/10 would bang an ork again."
,Recommended,241930,15642962,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Neurons,I would say it might go down as one of my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,241930,13755869,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ogre,This is literally the best single-player game I've ever played. Except for Half-Life 3.
76561198056798040,Recommended,241930,13888736,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Tremorzone,An amazing game that revives the Arkham style combat in a very compitent way. The nemisis sytem however sets it apart from all other games.
,Recommended,241930,12343726,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Vladimir Putin,Overall the game is really fun until the last few missions which disapointed me but they did bring back my nemesis to fight as the black hand's talons which was cool the end boss fights were quick time events no combat and the tower's was me sneaking around and stealth draining him 3 time and thats it but I would still recommend this game to all fans of LOTR and even those who aren't
76561198010960200,Recommended,241930,13095119,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Thrillkilled,"Shadow Of Mordor is a revolutionary game that truly lives up to the epic Lord Of The Rings book series. The game has a unique system called the Nemesis system in which, lets say you defeat an Uruk Captain (The games equivalent to a orc) with fire. He will come back later, with something close to a large burn and remember you from before, memorizing your moves. Another unique system involves the Wraith that is inside your body possessing enemy captains, which then gives you a prompt of what you would like him to do, like killing another captain for example.Pros-------Amazing combat that feels like a mix of Assassins Creed and Batman.Cool abilites that are unlocked through leveling up.Decent amount of sidequests usually aimed towards upgrades to you or your weapons.Challenges that can provide some entertainment.Nemesis system.Wraith Possession system.Characters that are interesting and feel as if they are alive.Good story.If running into combat and wiping out everything isn't your style, the stealth in this game is very well put together, with cool abilites like brutalize or branding.Cons--------Short story, easily beatable in under 24 hours.Horrible last boss fight.Some minor glitches, like getting stuck in the world. Fixed by fast traveling.Only small references to the Lord Of The Rings series.No Hobbits, although this is only a complaint from me.Some Captains have virtually no weakness, making chance encounters with them very annoying. For example I once got a captain who couldn't be hurt by anything but fire, so not having any explosives or fire near him was annoying.Overall, I'd say this game was worth the 60$, but I would definetly buy it on sale too."
,Recommended,241930,12569161,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Brocologist,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor takes the place between The Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings triology. It tells the story of a ranger that once stood at the guard of the black gates and the tragedy that would soon befall him, his kind, and the beginning of a tale that is woven with great dynamic politics, a fluid combat system, and interesting abilities that make this a unique addition to the Lord of the Rings library despite some small canon lore descrepencies. The combat system is satisfying with beheadings being my personal favorite aspect. With the slow-camera unlocked, you're able to pause the game and move the camera to take amazing screenshots of some of the best kills you get. The open world aspect is different from traditional Lord of the Ring games, with the weather being dynamic when you die or fast travel, allowing for more detail to be added in the role playing. The ability to advance time cycles through the weather, this alone makes for an awesome mechanic- become the brooding ranger that sneaks through a stormy night to wipe out a stronghold of foes, as silent as a ghost. The final aspect I wanted to bring up is the death system; yes, a death system. The system doesn't punish you for dying, but rather award you experience and the ability to take revenge on your killer. If you have friends playing, you can see who killed them and take revenge on their killer as well which makes for an interesting system of multiplayer without necessarily throwing it in your face like Dead Island did.The tl;dr takeaway is this: you'll enjoy this game for the combat system and the satisfying ability to behead your enemies and strike terror into the hearts of Orcs. If that doesn't excite you in the least, then pass and move to the next thing."
76561198005958992,Recommended,241930,28336008,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Chronolord,"It's Batman with a sword, what else do you need?"
,Recommended,241930,25244935,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Suk Mike Hok,It's what you've always dreamed of!To be a half human depressed man - half butthurt ghost elf.10/10
,Recommended,241930,13420404,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Cryptosporidium-n,"I love ""Lord of Ring"". Shadow of Mordor very nice game.1) This game has a great, beautiful open world.2) Very good combat system.3) Nice graphics.I love this game!"
,Recommended,241930,32001867,Posted: 27 May,all,sexyfinn,Amazing Game with a Great story and is truly great. Cant wait for shadow of war!!
76561198271868057,Recommended,241930,30475105,Posted: 12 March,all,Hentai Is in this Season,This game came out in 2014 and its still a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of fun to play
,Recommended,241930,30277812,Posted: 2 March,all,Lich King,"Hey, that's pretty good!"
76561198084379253,Recommended,241930,29573861,Posted: 29 January,all,MrAbu,Revenge Simulator 2014
,Recommended,241930,12460287,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Soul Sojourner,"This game has exceeded all of the expectations I made about it about a year prior to it's release, when I saw a trailer for the first time.While it most definitely has very similar movement to Assassin's Creed, and wraith mode is easily comparable to eagle vision, it is a very different game.It is a very action packed game with plenty of hack and slash to it. Some stealth is required in places, but it is not required everywhere. Most of the time, stealth is optional and considerably safer, but mostly dagger missions require it. You can choose to either be stealthy or not throughout most of the game, for those of you who love it and those of you who hate it.Yes, it is an RPG as well, but not in the traditional sense. You've got your skills, abilities, power level, and xp level. However, there aren't any items you run around and pick up, weight management, or upgrading gear. You're a guy with a sword, a dagger, and the clothes on your back (which are extremely limited in customization, btw). You can wield a ""magical"" bow and shoot a stock of ""magical"" arrows that are limited, but replenishable through a wide variety of ways. Other than that, you can socket up to 5 runes on each weapon, which have different augmentations and levels.Expect about 30 hours minimum. Maximum is probably 50 hours if you do everything, including achievements. This is also assuming you're taking your time and doing stuff just for the hell of it. If you do just straight content and rush the game, but doing everything, you won't get 50 hours. Unless you die a lot, maybe.Tons of DLC potential.Story? At first it's a bit slow, but nonetheless it's great, especially towards the end of the game. The story is going to be even that much better if you're already familiar with Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit, and any other sources of Middle Earth lore. The lore is not required to get enjoyment out of the story, but it does make it sweeter. :)What about bugs and glitches? This is a new game, it should be full of them... but it's not. Naw, this game played like a charm. I found one bug, and a few minor glitches throughout the entire game.The bug was related to the Steam achievement: ""You Will Obey"" For some reason, I didn't get this at the beginning of the game like I should have. I played through the entire game and beat everything and didn't get it. I fixed this bug by removing my save game from it's folder, turning off cloud storage, and starting a new game. The second time I got it. This bug may or may not already be fixed in new games now, I don't know. I then replaced my save game and turned cloud storage back on and all was well!As for glitching, I got stuck in a wall slightly by pressing a key in a unique battle towards the end of the game, and simply swung my sword to get unstuck. I also noticed every once in awhile I would perform an action like stealth attacking from above to find myself instantly making the jump rather than showing the animation. Nothing fancy, nothing harmful, and it was very rare.There are some collectible style things to find in this game, but they are not tedious to track down. There's just the right amount where you enjoy looking for them, but aren't annoyed by how many you have to find. The method of finding the collectibles is akin to what you might find in some of the AC games.Graphics are outstanding! I played part of the game with low settings, and most of the game on the top ultra level settings (with the HD texture pack). I have to say the graphics setting makes a huge difference, but it still looks awesome even on low! If you have 3 or 4 GB VRAM try it maxed out with the HD texture pack. If you have to reduce your settings, so be it. Adjust it a little at a time until you get it. I played on ultra with 4GB VRAM only, and it says it needs 6. I had zero issues.Well, what else can I say about this game? It's awesome, buy it. :)"
,Recommended,241930,30846583,Posted: 30 March,all,[VoV] Dracus,"10/10, worth the $20 for the GotY Edition.  Cannot wait for the second one to come out!"
76561198119781328,Recommended,241930,22616037,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,STRAIGHT OUTTA FLAVOURTOWN,"This is by far the best LOTR videogame I have ever played. The graphics are stunning. The open world has much to explore, as well as many side quests. The game allows you to choose a plan of attack. You can go completely stealthily into an orc camp, or you can burst in riding a caragor. This game plays a lot like the Arkham games and the Assassin's Creed games with free running and combo style combat. What sets this game apart is the hierarchy of orc captains which you can disrupt and interfere in. Each captain is unique with their own strengths and weaknesses, and they gain power if they kill you, or will remember you if you try to kill them and they escape. You can also control a captain and help him rise through the ranks, giving you intelligence on the other captain's activities and whatnot.All in all, I would highly recommend this game to any LOTR fans as well as those who enjoy open world games in the same vein as Arkham games and Assassin's Creed games. Getting this game for 75% off (as I did) is a steal and you should definitely buy it. I would also recommend the use of a gamepad although it is not required."
76561197995821800,Recommended,241930,13871459,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,DoubleDee <3'er,"Very addicting. In short it is a mix of Far Cry 3 and Assassin's Creed with a flavor of Middle Earth. Definately worth the buy!It is rare that getting 100% completion on a game feels fun, as often there are times where getting the rest of x just seems like work.  Admittedly there are a few missions that feel that way in this game.  I was at @83% completion when I beat the game, with about 10 rescue missions and 1 hunting mission left.At the time of this writing I have @40 hours into the game and have not touched any of the extra missions from the DLC. Granted I did spend a fair amount of time in the beginning, killing the captains and messing around. And I am eager to get into the extra missions from the DLC."
,Recommended,241930,12484582,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ARTYOM POPOV,"Astonishingly, the first game of 2014 to live up to the studio's marketing ambitions. Truly a masterpiece, would reccomend to any gamer with a substantial enough rig."
,Recommended,241930,12323148,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Nero *,♥♥♥♥ing Awesome!!
76561198118039676,Recommended,241930,25133556,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Shina (Temporarily Inactive),Best politics simulator ever.
76561198098592146,Recommended,241930,13769356,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ghostt70,"So far i picked up this game today on the frist day of the new year ,and i got to say that for the day such as this .....the game goes sooo well with the weather out side ,plus the fighting combat skills this guy has are jus .. well i soo many words ..this game is a good buy for anyone look for a good LOTR's game."
76561198107868964,Recommended,241930,12995050,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Summer Picnic Sale,"cockney orks, nuff said m8i rate 8/8 no hate coz i skate. shrekt son"
,Recommended,241930,19228632,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Praefectus Foxicus [PTF],"Shadow of Mordor is, as many describe it, like Assassin's Creed and Lord of the Rings combined into one game. Now, the only thing is, it's so much better. Now before all the Assassin's Creed fanboys start going ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥HE JUST CALLED THIS GAME BETTER. DOWNVOOOOOOTE,"" let me explain. First, I'll break the review down into categories.GRAPHICS:Graphics...They're...stunning. They're actually quite beautiful when you get down to it. Especially at night time when it rains. The terrain and mudsplashes are phenomenal and breath-taking. I sound like IGN here, but seriously, it's something to appreciate. Furthermore, they have interactive body slashes on the mobs when you attack them. Most Assassin's Creed games do not have this, where you slash the body and the blood follows the path of the blade. Instead, on those games it just leaves a mark on them. In this, it shows black uruk (main mob) blood gashed open on their body as you slice them with either blade or dagger. All in all, these graphics are intense and very nice when turned to max settings.GAMEPLAY:Gameplay is solid. It has a very nice fighting system, but can be abused at times, but I'll cover that later. Furthermore, there are acquireable mounts in the game. But, it treats it like as if you were a hunter; i.e. you need to hunt out and tame that mount. However, it isn't permanent, but doesn't require a lot of effort once you unlock the skill in order to do so. Speaking of those, the skills themselves are EASILY unlockable if you follow the quest chain. If not, just go beat up a Uruk Captain or Warchief or something of the like. Go balls deep for a good couple hours and you should unlock some pretty good skills.GAMEPLAY SECTION 1: FIGHTING MECHANICSFighting mechanics are very solid and can be somewhat tactful at times. However....They're easily abused by simple spamming mechanics. For example, you can unlock a ""Throw Knife"" skill. On the keyboard, you can just spam ""Q"" and rack up a hit streak to do some finishers (finishers being a one-hit kill on normal mobs). Basically, in essence, it's more of ""THROW KNIFE, THROW KNIFE, THROW KNIFE, THROW KNIFE, THROW KNIFE, ANNND DICKSWORD IN YOUR FACE"" sort of combat. Additionally, you can also spam the charge knockdown, as I've come to notice; along with the very funny ♥♥♥♥♥-slapping stun (""E"" on keyboards), along with some other things as well. However, when you get into the high hit-streaks, the finisher moves I noticed change. You start pulling off more brutal and very bloody finishing moves. And these finishes surprisingly are all reliant on where the target is in the world and what condition they're in. If they're stunned, it'll do a stun finisher. if they're up and about ready to attack, it'll actually deflect the attack first and then ♥♥♥♥ING OBLITERATE THEM.GAMEPLAY SECTION 2: BOSS SYSTEMInstead of having your usual bosses out in the world, they have what's called ""Captains and Warchiefs"". The Captains are basically bosses, but early-game they can be classified as mini-bosses. When you start to progress and unlock a lot more skills on the skill tree, not only the Bosses but also the game begins to toughen up and smack you a bit harder until you become a damn masochist. Now, the Captains are characterized by Power Level, and the Power Level depends on their unique qualities that each captain presents. Now, Captain abilities and such are hidden until you collect ""intel"" by interrogating SPECIFICALLY MARKED Uruk. After ""gaining intelligence"" by interrogating them by basically saying ""YOU'RE MY ♥♥♥♥♥ NOW"" sort of deal, you can now see a Captain's full name and abilities/weaknesses. As their power level increases, they will have A LOT less weaknesses and more abilities.As for the Warchiefs, they're a whole 'nother world altogether. They're REDICULOUSLY difficult when starting out early-game because you're like ""holy ♥♥♥♥....this guy's 10 feet tall and has a massive spear....how should I- OH♥♥♥♥♥♥HERE HE COMES. *ded*"" kind of deal. Not only do they have NO insta-kill weaknesses, but they also have BODY GUARDS. And these aren't just normal mobs. THEY'RE DAMN CAPTAINS. Some I've found have like THREE OR FOUR late-game. But early, you should have it easier with only one or two.One more thing I found interesting on this system is how they characterize each Captain or Warchief. They not only have a unique name, but the name describes how they act, what weapons and armor they wear, and even their fighting style. For example, I had ""[INSERT GIBBERISH-SOUNDING URUK NAME HERE] The Judge"" as my main target on my Captain Hit List. Because he was a Judge, he had a Fist of Justice instead of a spike ontop of his helmet. He also carried around a massive cleaver. Additionally, he wore a feather-like cloak/mini-cape as if he were an actual judge. When we confronted and crossed blades, he started yelling insults that a judge would. For example ""DON'T DROP THE SOAP, PRETTY BOY."" (Not really, but I bet he would've had he been programmed/scripted that way)Summary: The graphics are stunning and the fighting is very solid, very gorey and bloody, yet still exploitable and spammable. They have a VERY unique boss system and quite a good one at that. The game progresses its difficulty the further you get into it, however is ALWAYS a challenge, especially to those knew to the hack-and-slash genre. It doesn't exactly ""hold-your-hand"", and sort'a thrusts you out there and says ""kill this♥♥♥♥♥♥using this kind of attack. If you don't, you'll probably die. Good luck."" Development, from what I've seen, has stopped as of right now, but the full game is amazing.FINAL RATING: 9.5/10 (not enough balls deep action)"
76561198130811969,Recommended,241930,20229367,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,wodokuma,"This is a great game!  Sure you can just go right at the story mode and finish it pretty quick, but with all of the DLC (additional story included); the only way you are ever really ""Done"" with this game is if you get tired of slaughtering countless Orcs, beasts, birds, captains, etc...I like that the Captains/Warchiefs have different strengths/weaknesses.  This does make them a lot easier to beat if you do your research first.  If you want to make it way more dificult, skip the research and go straight at the warchiefs.  Warchief plus 3 captain bodyguard plus all of their followers = a LOT of carnage.It can be a bit button mashy in the middle of a horde...as long as you continue to block as well...it can go on for a wile.It is cool that the captains etc remember you if they've kille you or they managed to comeback from you killing them.  Doesn't really change their strategy for coming at you (as far as i can tell) but their little intro mentions previous events.This game will definitely be one to comeback and play from time to time."
,Recommended,241930,32461180,Posted: 15 June,all,Gandalf the Cool,"Such a fun game. Honestly not much of a story contrary to what I thought when I first started playing, but it's a great game nonetheless. I finished the story in around 20 hours, the other 30 I just spent slaughtering orcs. Literally. Like I haven't even completed all the side stuff yet. Killing orcs is that fun! So imo this game has great replayability. Now that they've upgraded to the GOTY edition when you buy it you get all the DLC as well, and The Bright Lord campaign greatly improves upon the storyand the ending boss fightwhile the Lord of the Hunt campaign greatly adds to the fun with the different species of Caragor and a bunch more side quests. You also get a challenge mode and a selection of skins.Anyway on to the pros and cons of the main game.ProsGameplay: Arkham style combat and Assassin's Creed style parkour. Great stuff.Graphics: Mordor looks beautiful, in a nasty sort of way. :P Seriously though Nurn is very lush and nice looking. Overall the graphics are pretty amazing.Characters: The orcs especially. The personality the devs put into each individual captain and warchief is pretty impressive. The main cast is good too, but lack the orc's personality.Nemesis System: Can be confusing at first, but it's ultimately one of the best parts of this game. My nemesis came back to haunt me three times!Content: Mainly due to the GOTY edition upgrade, but the main game has a lot of extra stuff to do as well.ConsStory: Not much of a con, but it could've been better, especially the ending.Overall I give this game a 9/10. Very much looking forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,241930,13715211,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jiveturkey43,One of the best games I`ve ever played.
,Recommended,241930,12330848,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Ellioti2,Has a herb called pipeweed. 420/420 fgts
,Recommended,241930,12333837,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dark Lord Looshkin,"Do you like Assassin's Creed? Do you like the Arkham series of Batman games? If the answer to either of these questions is yes, then you'll love this. In fact, it's more Assassin's Creed than Assassin's Creed is."
76561198064200385,Recommended,241930,12328737,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,purefabulousity,Got killed by an orc wearing a flaming pot. 10/10 would die again.
76561198018651589,Recommended,241930,12725933,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Rumm,Plays better than kermits♥♥♥♥♥like a bongo drum
76561198038781725,Recommended,241930,12507984,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Golasso,GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,241930,12625954,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,WarLikeKirby,2 Words. BUY IT.Probably the best game i have bought in years. [and that is saying something]Easily the best LOTR game ever released and doesnt completey say hey f**k you to the people who know all  the lore form tolkeins middle earth.If you have £29.99 [wether or not you ahve aany ideas aboutbuying anything] then get this game. Actually if you have not got the money take out a second mortgage on your home. it will definatley be worth it.Would i reccomend this game? apparantly i cant click the button enough times
,Recommended,241930,32750703,Posted: 24 June,all,Ancalagon,"As a longstanding LOTR fan. God-fricking- DAMN this game satisfies my life's need for a solid LOTR game. The Battle for middle earth trilogy was good. And War in the North was decent. But Shadow of Mordor is at the top. Excellent and addictive gameplay. Decent to great story, and since we're getting Shadow of War, you got something to look forward to. Highly recommended!"
76561198119646451,Recommended,241930,32708049,Posted: 23 June,all,✪ nOnTT,"great game, great game play!If u like the movies and the books u will for sure enjoy it!10-10"
,Recommended,241930,32721820,Posted: 24 June,all,jimbotherisenclown,This game takes the best parts of the Arkham and Assassin's Creed series and adds a few unique touches. The only way this game could be better is if you could glide like Batman. You will be monstrously OP by the midpoint of the game. That only adds to the fun.
76561198129640167,Recommended,241930,25196025,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Blue Embers,"Essentially its an Assassins Creed set in LOTR. It had a great mechanic for the fighting, smooth and fast.Best points of the game in my opinion is the captain and warlord fights, and how situations can rapidly deteriorate. It can be challenging in its nature, and not just because the game is stacking itself against you.Biggest gripe is the games weak ending, and if you look up the reasoning, it makes sense, but it still doesnt make it any less disappointing. You only get two maps, and minimal impact story based upon what you do.I got it on sale, so as for enjoyment to cost, well worth $10, in facti I sort of feel like i cheated the producers for the effort put into the game. Worth a full $60-50, not really."
,Recommended,241930,32906057,Posted: 27 June,all,GrizzlyTiger,"Plays like the Batman Arkham series. Real fun, will get absorbed in side quests instead of main quests so be warned."
76561198144146064,Recommended,241930,32790211,Posted: 25 June,all,MidrangeBass,Just spent 16 hours on my first SESSION and am shacking from euphoria.
76561198016283929,Recommended,241930,32889654,Posted: 27 June,all,tolomas.druid,Killing Orcs are always fun.
76561198076304632,Recommended,241930,32888549,Posted: 27 June,all,trainh13,"Shadow of Mordor does one thing really well. It makes stabbing orcs really satisfying. I don't give a damn about the story, the characters, the lore, the side quests or the collectibles, I could spend entire days stabbing orcs in the back or slo mo decapitating them.10/10 Orc (Uruk if you're picky) murder simulator."
,Recommended,241930,26707249,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Melekea,"In the first 10hours of game, i found the game to be very hard and the combat style to be very repetative. I stopped playing the game erased it. 1 month ago i decided to give it another try I have uptaded my review from a negative to a positive. The combat mechanic need some time to get used to, once you unlock the later abilities fighting a big number of 25 orc is not impossible anymore. the game is fun after that you unlock some key abilities but ~20 hours in the game i have done all the ,main mission :( . I love this game i give it a 7/10. *Note when the game is done do the side mission they are fun*"
,Recommended,241930,32895045,Posted: 27 June,all,esmatty,Great buy for £3.99 for GOTY Edition.if you are looking forward to shadow of mordor 2 then i highly reccomend you try this one first
,Recommended,241930,14466358,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jyoji,"Awesome game, Good Story Line, Game play with about 70% of side stuff took 16 hours! Would definately get this on a sale!"
76561197965399173,Recommended,241930,12586514,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Blitzkrieg11B,Very interesting and unique engine but terribly easy. They definitely leeched off of the Assasins Creed Engine but who cares because I'm all for games making things better off of each others work!
,Recommended,241930,32896683,Posted: 27 June,all,lotspecter,Best Games Ever.
76561198317093261,Recommended,241930,32894395,Posted: 27 June,all,CYNICAL PANDA,"Got this game on sale. Really pleased with it. The graphics and gameplay mechanics are better than I was expecting. Would recommend this game to anyone.The storyline is a little lacking, however it is still fun to play."
76561197982611843,Recommended,241930,12385471,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Nogan,One of the best games I've played in a long time!
,Recommended,241930,32899630,Posted: 27 June,all,LLNN,Still in 2017 an excellent RPG!
,Recommended,241930,32933485,Posted: 28 June,all,"fhork, dwarven defender","Great game, currently enjoying it a lot, definitely has the Assassin's Creed feeling."
76561198159064462,Recommended,241930,32932621,Posted: 28 June,all,CrazyUnicorn,Sometimes i kill the ugly orcs just to put them out of their misery.
76561198025941274,Recommended,241930,32935770,Posted: 28 June,all,Captain Plays,"Highly recommend this game. I love the dialogue and the boss system. The graphics are better than I expected and runs very well on my gtx 760. Combat is very fun but lots of button mashing, feels similar to assassin's creed's combat system."
,Recommended,241930,32906644,Posted: 27 June,all,christrusli,Combination between Batman and Assassin's Creed :D
76561198052582537,Recommended,241930,16007651,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,BoSToL,"Batman of MordorThe combat is literally a carbon copy of the Arkham series.Fairly challenging until you get the mid-to-top tier abilities.Grab it on sale*Edit: It's very well optimised, and i had no issues pushing the settings up on my average rig-i5 4690k (not OC)-8G 1866MHZ RAM-MSI GTX 750ti 2G"
76561198007807938,Recommended,241930,12316600,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Bradley,"The story mode was very good, enjoyed it alot, I completed the main story mode within 10 hours seemed to be pretty fast and I also took my time playing, there are 20 missions in total it seemed to short.Other than the amount of missions everything is a 10/10 Graphics are amazing, voice acting is superb!"
76561197971334187,Recommended,241930,12359521,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Raiyfe,"This is like, instead of Batman, you're Aragorn . . . . it's Batman in Mordor! Or Aragorn Asylum. Although you're not actually Aragorn, because you're Batman."
76561198061490293,Recommended,241930,12927881,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Keeks,"Looking up and down the Steam page for this game, I've seen lots of rave reviews for Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor. So, chances are this is going to come across as a more middle (earth) of the road review.Our game starts by giving us the backstory of Talion, our hero, and Ranger of Gondor. He spends his days with his wife, maturing son, and other rangers guarding the Black Gate of Mordor. However, an unexpected raid on their base by Uruks and their leader results in the death of many of the rangers, as well as the death of Talion's entire family, himself included, in a ritualistic sacrifice. However, he finds himself trapped in the space between life and death, along with an elven wraith that was summoned as a result of the family's sacrifice. Believing that the two have a common goal of destroying the leader that cast this curse on them, the pair set out to take down the leader, and kill as many Uruks as they can along the way, in the hopes that they can destroy the curse and meet with their loved ones in the afterlife.Personally, I find that this setup, despite having standard elements, fits well into the mythos of Middle-earth, and makes for a fresh take on fantasy-game backstories. It also functions as a backing for what is arguably the game's most interesting mechanic. Since you and the wraith are incapable of passing to the afterlife, every time you ""die,"" you respawn elsewhere. The enemy that kills you levels up, gains additional equipment and ranks, and becomes a little tougher to beat the next time. Although this system has a lot of potential, I found that it ultimately falls flat for a single reason: the game actually isn't that challenging. The most I've been killed by a single Uruk is twice, and usually because he had a swarm of goons around him that whittled my health down. Once you grow accustomed to the combat system, and put more and more points into special abilities, even a literal army of Uruks can be sliced through with little trouble.In fact, chances are you are already familiar with this game's combat system. Although many point to Assassin's Creed as the inspiration, I find it actually comes from closer to home: the Arkham series of video-games, starring Batman (and released by the same publisher, WB Games), uses a functionally identical combat system. You can counter, you can leap back and forth to attack any nearby enemy engaging you, you can dodge unblockable attacks, and you can even stun enemies before beating them down, all mapped to the same exact buttons as the Arkham series. One that does not play these games often might find these similarities helpful, but those that game heavily might instead find them tiresome. Some of the enemy units even have the same functions as those in Arkham; shield-bearing Uruks are beaten in the same way as riot-shield holding prisoners and police in Arkham, for example. The Stealth mechanic of the game is also very similar to the Arkham games (silent takedowns, the very detective-modeish Wraith World, and the ""crouchwalk""), and also draws elements from Assassin's Creed (hiding in bushes, air assassinations). Despite this, the ability to use a bow, despite not being particularly unique to this game, does allow for more varied takes on situations than sneaking up to people and stabbing them in the back.However, even though Shadow of Mordor can be dismissed as a Lord of the Rings robe draped over Arkham gameplay, it is this robe that really shines. The story runs in two parallels early on, that of the Wraith recovering his identity, and of Talion getting his revenge, and both are full of a great deal of intrigue. The Wraith's plotline leaves you excited and asking questions at every turn, while Talion's story is full of action and tense situations. These plotlines become especially interesting when various surprisingly likeable side-characters show up, such as Ratbag the Orc, and everyone's favorite jewelry-obsessed rambler. The voice-acting is very well done, and although the cutscenes still look a smidge better than anything you can get in-game (a staple of WB Games releases, sadly), immersion in the story is almost never broken. Additionally, the animations are very well done, which adds to the quality of the ""LotR Cloak,"" as it were. Every motion that the characters make is smooth and polished, from Gollum's classic all-fours wobble, to the swing of an Uruk's weapon. You can really see the weight of the weapons used by both allies and enemies, which gives the combat a certain cinematic gravity, as opposed to simply slashing about as if everything is made of paper.Unfortunately, outside of the storyline, there is very little to do, other than missions that offer variations on ""kill everything."" Although this can be a moderately interesting experience by itself, due to the fact that the combat system is still entertaining despite being familiar, it still has the unfortunate side-effect of pointing out exactly how limited in scope the game is. Additionally, the game-world suffers from what I like to call ""Skyrim Syndrome,"" which refers to the strikingly similar feel that wide portions of the world have. Just as you eventually grow tired of freezing wasteland and rolling tundra in Skyrim, you eventually grow tired of blasted-out landscapes and ramshackle fortresses in Shadow of Mordor, especially since the game-world isn't very large.Overall, I'd give it a solid 6.5 out of 10. Despite not doing anything that gamers haven't seen before, Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor still presents its audience with well-polished action and a story that Tolkien would have been proud of. I've also found the game to be glitch free so far (save for a single odd lighting effect that cast rainbows on everything, which was hardly gamebreaking and fixed by a quick restart), something which seems to be increasingly rare in modern Triple-A gaming (looking at you, Assassin's Creed: Unity). Ultimately, my hope for the potential franchise is that WB Games develops it in a similar way to the Arkham games. Now that the game has been shown to be a success, it's time to take the same model, and open up more of Middle-earth for gamers to play with. There's a lot of potential brewing in Shadow of Mordor, now the developers and the publishers need to show it.To summarize: if you've played the Arkham series, or the Assassin's Creed series and enjoyed the mechanics, you'll enjoy Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor. If you haven't, and are on a tight budget, I'd suggest picking up the mechanically-superior Batman: Arkham City for less than half of Shadow of Mordor's current price to see how it feels. If you want a good fantasy story or like the Lord of the Rings lore or storytelling style, DEFINITELY pick up Shadow of Mordor. If you're looking for something new, however, this probably isn't the game for you."
,Recommended,241930,12694491,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Outlaw,this games incredibly fun. highly recommend
,Recommended,241930,15734045,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Trump's Lips,"Fantastic game, fantastic port.  Runs without a hitch at full graphics on my laptop.Combat is fun, and challenging in the early game.Stealth is not hard, but it does add to the game rather than subtract from it.Parkour is the best I've seen in any game.  Yes, better that Assassin's Creed.All mechanics and systems are well thought out and very well implemented.If I had to summarize the gameplay in one sentence, it would be Assassin's Creed's better looking brother in the LOTR universe."
76561198166729033,Recommended,241930,14806869,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,★TMM★Scooty [PB],this is a lord of the ring themed adventure and a small campagin fun to play cool mechanics but the many captins and warchifs can become almost imortal and gets annoying my first imortal was flak so good game
76561198116530185,Recommended,241930,13619131,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Treaty,"Shadow of Mordor is a mix of Assassins creed and Arkham city  combat. You will enjoy it while you have the story to play, but after that you'll probably stop playing."
,Recommended,241930,13136732,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Rhysy,"It has the most amazing and brutal executions around.  Beheading orcs had me laughing and crying out ""YEAH!!"" everytime.   Absolutely phenomenal game!  Get it any way you can!"
76561198056005418,Recommended,241930,13666794,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,wallyjavier,"I'm not really a hardcore gamer... however, the first day I played this game, I played for non-stop 10 hours... is that good!"
76561198049356162,Recommended,241930,12546631,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Tunji aka Mc.Gun,"Kill orcs, kill more orcs, decapitate, dismember, drown, burn ... 10/10 would kill again."
,Recommended,241930,12691797,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,penny,"I was really pleasently suprised by this. It was easily overlooked as another Arkham clone, but once the reviews started pouring in, I couldn't help but give it a try.I never once felt like the game was taking too long to complete, and that's after playing around 15 hours, not focusing too much on the side missions. The combat was super fluid, the storyline was easy to remember after a week of not playing, and the options to complete the rest of the side quests were actually pretty compelling.One of my favorites of 2014 for sure."
,Recommended,241930,17746485,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Action Bastard!,"Great beat 'em up and the story is very good. If you like running around and pulling off awesome looking combo strings and finding new and novel ways to kill your enemies and look good while doing it, you'll enjoy it a lot.That being said, a lot of the side quests tend to get a bit samey and repetative after awhile. After beating the main story line, the bulk of the fun is going to come from setting your own challenges and using the built-in nemesis system to have fun.Very solid game overall, weak in a couple areas, but I'm glad I bought it."
76561198092799181,Recommended,241930,17481793,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Nari,This game is glorious and magnificent.
76561198118088741,Recommended,241930,16753978,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Scourgewolf,Lowest graphical settings yet still looks fu*king amazing.Gameplay is refreshing and the variety of abilities is pretty decent that it makes for non-repetitive combat.BUYTHEGAME
,Recommended,241930,19241716,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,A$AP Newell,"If Batman died and got a sword, he would be the hero in this game. This game does nothing that hasn't been done before, and some things are done worse. But the things in this game are fun and I had a blast playing it."
,Recommended,241930,19262880,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,FokkenClown,"If you don't own this game, or own it and don't like it. You don't deserve to be in my life."
,Recommended,241930,18518073,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Narclee,"I have mixed feelings about Shadow of Mordor. The Nemesis system, which doesn't need much further explanation at this point, is massive fun to mess around with. I will never forget my nemesis Pugrish the Mad, lookin' like the crazy child of Santa and Freddy Krueger! Unfortunately, two-thirds of the game's story is spent undermining this system with a cliche yet also convoluted plot that drives the gameplay away from what's actually fun. The best moments are had on my own terms in free-roam — stalking uruks, getting in massive fights, watching my foes kill and taunt me, but the grand focus of the game doesn't utilize this enough, and instead falls victim to the same faults of many other AAA Open-world Adventure games: Quantity over Quality, when it should be the other way around, or at least equal. Perhaps if the entirity of Shadow of Mordor was built around its most favorable mechanics, then we would truly have a game to boast about. But as of now . . . Shadow of Mordor is regrettably a tad overrated."
76561198063601476,Recommended,241930,18922223,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Diegram,"Incredibly immersive world, one of the best if not the best LOTR games out there."
76561197968515936,Recommended,241930,12442021,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Bubbaganoosh,"Simply put this is a great game. I have played 17 hrs and only 37% complete so there is lots of content for a single player game. The combat is a lot of fun especially when you start getting the upgrades. Nothing beats exploding an Orc's head and watching the others run. Well most anyway, some don't get scared of that stuff. The death threat system is tons of fun and gives you lots to do if you want to break away from the main mission. I think I played the first two hours and didn't even start a mission, there are tons of Orcs around to have fun with.The combat system makes the game more than just hack and slash. The stealth element gives you other avenues to explore and you will learn when use it and when to run in like a mad man.. You will most certainly die which will stir the pot among the Orcs and change the game. Kill one and change the game again. The gamaeplay is smooth for me on a GTX 770 and Intel i7, all settings high. I have encountered no noticable bugs and had no problems changing settings in the menus to get things how I want them.The game is a good mix of elements that keeps things interesting and fun. There is enough content to feel like you got your moneys worth and more. Two thumbs up."
76561198064143027,Recommended,241930,14060011,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,FearTheMoose,"At first I thought Shadow of Mordor..""""this one is going to be a bore!""""Combat like Batman,""Assassin's Creed? Not a fan,""""and it doesnt even stick to the lore!""But I found I was soon mistaken.This game has great landscapes to take in.The movement's fun and quite fast,stealth and combat? At last!A game that can do both.. Okay then.You can upgrade Talion's skills,to help him take over the hills.Make him shoot arrows faster,or cause small disastersto the orcs to liven up his kills.But what is easily the best part,of which we all heard of at the start;the nemesis system is fresh,organic as flesh,and gives this world a lot of heart.You meet a lot of orc captains,whom each have unique interations.They might hate certain things,like bees, fire, or pain,and you can exploit them to see their reactions.The orcs will walk about as you play,and they get stronger with each passing day.Fight them, one on one,to get the job done,or let them get stronger for pay.The warcheifs are the big bosses,who don't care much for their losses.they have bodygurds and pray,as their orcs are picked away,but to kill them you must take precautions.So this game can be lots of fun,to kill, or to sneak, or to run.The story is a bit sour,Talion can be overpowered,but overall it's a great one."
76561198090972493,Recommended,241930,14121427,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Boomer Lizard,Amazing Game for anyone who loves elder scrolls games
,Recommended,241930,31383112,Posted: 26 April,all,ProfessorBlacky,RANGER
,Recommended,241930,12474141,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,G amanic,"THIS GAME IS THE BOMB, amazing gameplay and such high graphics, at tip though, do not finish instant that is less fun also look for items and do bow challenges and sword and dagger for example.don't do these things after becaquse then you think like nah because you already finished the story line, but you need to buy it."
,Recommended,241930,31384724,Posted: 26 April,all,ContinualBro,absolutely amazing!!!
76561198046957645,Recommended,241930,12324020,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Araffs,"This game is a must buy for any middel earth fan. even people who aren't fans would probably like this game, if not love it! I spent 2 hrs just going around exploring before even doing the first mission and i didn't feel like i was missing out on anything becasue I was engulfed into the world imediatetly."
,Recommended,241930,18713931,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mortem,The best Lord of the ring game out there..If not for the Quicktime event ending and the lazy bosses.. Possibly some multiplayer. The game would been a 10/10..Now its maybe a 7/10.. Its a really fun and good game.. Good story.. Enjoyable characters.. ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant gameplay..But as above it doesn't live up to a 10.. The DLC The bright lord gives you kinda a good end boss.. Still having to get a DLC to get a satisfying challenge in the end.. And still not that hard of a boss.. Feels bad.
76561198024789920,Recommended,241930,15574752,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,xXFuchs,Good combat system.Nemesys system makes this game unique dont hasitate just buy and enjoy.
76561198126939378,Recommended,241930,32216362,Posted: 6 June,all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"and here we are for another open-world, pakourish QTE button masher :)but this one comes with a serious bite and some extra seasoning.Shadow of Mordor is what happens when WB pulls an Ubisoft move. recycling their successful Arkham formula on another license, upping the action and adding that little bit of an extra to make it interesting.Pros:- r-rated sword and dagger combat. the executions are plenty and entertaining. 50hours in and I'm still seeing some new ones.- Nemesis system. procedurally generated Captains and Warchiefs with different abilities. if a lowly grunt kills you he will get promoted and maybe even rise through the ranks.as a player you get to hinder or assist the Captains through their struggles, build or set them up for grand killings.-build your own ""army"" with the brand ability. it's mighty fun to brand orcs mid combat and have them fight along side yourself. or watching all bodyguards of a Warchief turn on him- it's pretty- comes with the DLCs- visual and audible diversity between the orcs, especially the captains. there's thin orcs, gian muscly orcs, orcs with masks or helmets. some captains just snigger and giggle creepily, others can't seem to shut up. thei voice lines can be hilarious and my respect to the orc voice actors, the sound is incredibleCons:- gets super repetetive, like most of these games, and lacks diversity in missions and playstyle approaches- can be heavy on your rig if you're on the lower end of the spec spectrum- DLC is basically just the main game repackaged.- it's short. you can easily finish the main quest without dying in way under 10 hours. I'm a messy player who takes his time, hence the play time :)- it's too darn easy. combat consist of 3 buttons and the occasional combo for special attacks plus using the bow.- it could use more enemy types. you have grunts, berserkers, shield bearers, archers, speermen and beastmasters. that's it. all captains and warchiefs belong to one of these groupsVerdict:Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor is definitely one of the better games copying the gameplay of the AC and Arkham series'. the combat is smooth and rewarding, the kills are gory and fun and most abilities do add depth to the gameplay. as it's clone brothers and sisters it is overly easy and you have to get really lucky (unlucky) to find a challenging fight (or you just train your enemies until they're strong enough).The setting is well presented and Mordor is fun to roam through.The highlight is, no doubt, the Nemesis system that gives every playthrough a little bit of individualism and makes the encounters more fun.But don't kid yourself, this is gonna be smooth sailing for any experienced gamer with the same old tropes of missions as always.get it on a sale or wait for Shadow of War"
,Recommended,241930,15793172,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Anax of Rhodes,"Simplistic as it is, Shadow of Mordor is a game that nails plenty enough right to be worth the experience.  The characters are original, the gameplay is brutal, the pacing is speedy, the Nemesis system is really cool, and the combat and climbing almost always work very well.  Story is lacking, and difficulty is pretty much stuck on ""Casual.""  But worth trying. 8.5/10"
76561198047611161,Recommended,241930,32711210,Posted: 23 June,all,Garfield the Cat,"This game is a beacon of hope. Every time I play this game i'm reminded of the success stories. The gods above poured this out in laten gold and childrens hopes and dreams. Gameplay is steller, never have I ever come into an enconture where boredum has crossed my mine. The fighting mechanic is fresh and rewarding. This game is truly worth it's price, and lets be honest who dosen't want to kill endless amounts of orcs and force them to kill their own."
,Recommended,241930,32747769,Posted: 24 June,all,Beaux.exe,"Great game, Beautiful graphics, Great story 10/10 worth every penny"
76561198047492427,Recommended,241930,21364391,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Hughnór an Craite,Good story. Much fun to do.
,Recommended,241930,23805955,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ivan Ivanović Ivanov,"Never thought that a combination of Lord of The Rings, Assassin's Creed and Batman Arkham Series would be that great. I am impressed."
,Recommended,241930,27129682,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sokaaa,As a Lotr fan i loved this game.Combat is smooth.Sometimes repetitive but its satisfying.Maybe boss fights will disappoint you but gameplay closing the gap.
76561197960376550,Recommended,241930,27023567,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Goto Dengo,This is ridiculous. So good.
76561198024382464,Recommended,241930,26744277,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,babbidi,"Great for Lord of the Ring fans.Great as an Open World game.Good for a stealth game.Good for an action game.OK as a RPG.The actual campaign is a bit short, but the gameplay is interesting enough to roam through the open world."
76561198095661362,Recommended,241930,27087541,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mortimer123,"Good game,nice story but I would have liked it much more if you could change your weapons too not only runes but yeah life is hear so I'll deal with it..."
,Recommended,241930,28931729,Posted: 1 January,all,JadenLizbeth,BEST RPG GAME (2) AFTER SKYRIM
,Recommended,241930,26580640,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sachaster27,"It's an awesome game, and I highly recommend it to players who enjoy open world type games.The story itself, depending on skill level, will probably take from 10 to 25 hours.I beat the storyline twice on the ps4 and once on the PC, taking less time to finish the storyIf you want to finish the campain 100% however it colud take a BIT longer (all steam achievements excluded)I really hope this will help XD"
76561198163140024,Recommended,241930,27095535,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Viserion,"Shadow and a Ranger being hero in MordorFirst when i played i thought it is a mixture of assasin's creed and batman arkham games. because it has similar fighting types, stealth and they have same game mechanism like award winning arkham games just they managed that in city of mordor.  but, after some times i liked it more then arkham games. i never thought killing orcs with diffrerent methods and styles will be so much fun.if you loved arkham games but it did not satisfy you then this is the improvement.i got this game at 75% sale. so, at this price range best game i have seen so far."
,Recommended,241930,28048992,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LesPaulMaster,"Great game!U are a LOTR fan? Just buy it.U are fan of action games? Just buy it.The Bright lord DLC is amazing one. Really, this game 'on sale' worth every cent."
76561198079497185,Recommended,241930,26568684,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ottavio,"One of the best Orc killing simulators I've come across. All of Orc detail is accurate right down to the British accents. If you like killing Orcs, this game is for you."
76561198085816587,Recommended,241930,29265068,Posted: 14 January,all,coydgardner,"Simply Amazing. The story was good, even though it doesn't exactly line up with LOTR lore. The Captain system is great, and taking control of both map's warchiefs was almost as fun as doing the main story. The only negative I can think of is that the story is a little short."
,Recommended,241930,29575150,Posted: 29 January,all,Sexually Active Toyota Prius,give that orc meat a good ol'rub
76561198119506004,Recommended,241930,13851362,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Shadowthane,Amazing game
,Recommended,241930,33343709,Posted: 7 July,all,Templario9005,Excelent.. I wish they had a patch with more blood and gore.
76561198116575038,Recommended,241930,33344738,Posted: 7 July,all,BORNEO,+potong kepala+tusuk perut+tubuh dicabik+grapik menakjubkan+harga murah+tingkat kemampuan musuh yg    menantang....
,Recommended,241930,33299505,Posted: 5 July,all,PEPE_SAD_SONGS,nice one
76561198087530418,Recommended,241930,33330368,Posted: 6 July,all,Scottish Gumba,"I love the game soo much, I bought it when it cost 4 euro and it was more than worth it!"
,Recommended,241930,19422105,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Fox,"I have completed the main quest line twice, along with the majority of the side quests and achievements. Ignore the amount of hours Steam says I put into the game because I've put in more than double the amount of hours it says I did (first time I completed the game, I didn't own it...). This game has been out for well over a year now, so any remaining bugs and issues will be mentioned as they'll never be fixed.The gameplay is great... most of the time. There are often times when the controls don't listen to what you tell it to do or it does other things that the controls are binded to even though you clearly want it to do the other thing that the controls are binded to (multiple bindings per button). There are times when you want to retreat and climb up surface, but instead, the character just sits there and runs in place (some surfaces cannot be climbed or you need to allign yourself in a very specific way or it ignores your commands). Sometimes you fall through the terrain and often times you have to abort the quest and fast travel someplace else in order to get back on the terrain again. Shooting arrows at campfires to make them explode doesn't always work as the hitbox for them seems really weird / randomly placed. There are at least 1 side quest (sword related) in which the difficulty is so high, it outranks any and every other quest in the entire game. Also, there are very rare occasions when an orc might see you through terrain and cause you to fail a stealth side quest or something.The main quest line are all very easy the majority of the time. The only thing sometimes difficult about the game are when trying to kill certain Captains or Warlords that have very little weaknesses and none of which you can really take advantage of. Sometimes, even the easiest captains can kill you simply because they sometimes have special ranged attacks that can kill you in 1 or 2 hits. During the 2nd playthrough, I think I only died maybe 15 - 20 times, 10 of which were because of that sword side quest which I still couldn't complete and gave up on it and the majority of the other times were simply because the controls wouldn't do what I told it to do.The final stretch of the story quests were so easy, it barely felt like an accomplishment. The cutscenes were well done though, it was kind of an addition to Lord of The Rings movie series, but nto really. It had the golem, the ring, and a few other references, but it was it's own original story.Overall, I definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves boss battles, nice graphics, good combat designs, multiple ways of killing / doing things, etc...I ran the game on very high settings (not quite maximum, and not HD DLC either). My rig: AMD Phenom X4 @3.4GHz, 8GB DDR3 ram, GTX660 S2 3GB, SSD.I have nothing to say about any of the other DLCs since I haven't played them yet. At this point, I need a break from the game and need to uninstall it to free up 44GB of SSD space for other games. I'll likely update this review if I do try them out someday."
,Recommended,241930,33062540,Posted: 30 June,all,[EP1C] Infinite,"Played it for 9 hours so far, thought the combat would get repetitive, but right around the time I thought that would happen, I learned some new abilities to make it more fun! Storyline is kinda confusing, seeing as I don't have a book or a movie to back up the LOTR history, but so far I am having fun. One thing I must say is that each time I fight an enemy, it does not feel the same. Each boss feels like their own, and I really like this."
,Recommended,241930,12321820,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Rebbi,"Brutal version of Batman: Arkham City/Assassin's Creed but Lord of the Rings, taking place in Mordor...10/10"
76561198310288042,Recommended,241930,32832362,Posted: 26 June,all,N@m3lesSquid7,"When I bought this game I was super excited to play it only to find out after about a minute of game play that the game's frame rate on my computer was super low and that the software on my computer did not meet the requirements of the game and I realize that is my fault and has nothing to do with the game developers. With that said;*sarcastically* From my obvious extended knowledge and game play time I've deducted that the graphics are amazing and there seems to be an quite an interesting story attached to the game (keep in mind I only saw one minute of the game).  But on the down side it did take up approximately 50 GB of space. Nevertheless, over all from what I can tell the game looks really fun!7.5/10  d(⌒ー⌒)"
,Recommended,241930,22749159,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,[NOR] Vladimir Pudding,"Amazing game, just dont buy the cahs grab DLC-es unless you are going to buy GOTY on sale. vanilla game (no DLC) 7/10"
76561198086437117,Recommended,241930,33406678,Posted: 9 July,all,carbonlifeforme,"OK, what can I say, this game is great. There is nothing quite as satsifying as dropping into the middle of a group of orcs and just savagely brutalizing them. Or finding a high point and simply sniping them off with your bow. THIS is the game LOTRO should have been.However, the game does have one weird quirk, dying is a bonus. For example you gain power  to spend on abilties every time you kill a captain or war chief. But here's where it gets weird. When captians are low level captains they actually provide you less power for defeating them than if you lose to them. Kill such and such a captain and you get 6 power. Lose to that same captain and you get 10 power. But if you lose, the captain's power increases. Don't worry, it's really not a bad thing.Admittedly I'm still figuring some of the game out as I just purchased it earlier this week but so far I'm having a blast with it.I love the idea of exploding fires and grog barrels . Fire your bow at one with some orcs near it and watch the fun.  You can also mount certain monsters like caragors and graugs  and ""tame"" them and ride them into battle. When you're done with it, you can dismount it and it will reamin friendly to you, or you can drain it for elf-arrows and health. I still haven't ""tamed"" a graug yet but the caragors are fun. They are also a huge pain in the posterior because once they have you in their sights, they generally won't leave you alone until they or you are dead. But if you manage to tame one, other caragors won't attack you while you're mounted on it.The only really annoying thing I've found on this game so far is when you find a captain and despite there being no other captains in sight, as soon as you engage him, suddenly 2 more just show up out of nowhere. Doesn't happen all the time but it can be frustrating when it does.Overall though, the game appears to have near infinite playability. You can follow the story line (well you pretty much have to if you want to advance further) but there's no rush, or if you just feel like roaming around the environment wreaking havoc and destruction on Sauron's forces, go for it. Plus there's all kinds of side missions and whatnot that you can do to improve the power of your weapons.I had this game on my wish list for months wondering if I should purchase it or not. I wasn't sure if I'd like it but after finally giving up on LOTRO, I decided since SoM was on sale in the Steam store I'd give it a crack. Hell, what did I have to lose for $6?  I'll tell what I lost, absolutely nothing but I did gain a really fun game.So, the question is, if the game is still on sale in the store and you don't have it yet, what the hell are you waiting for??And if it's not still on sale,  well then what the hell are you waiting for? Get it anyway. This has just become the #1 game in my library.Protip: Use mouse and keyboard to play. You can map the keyboard controls to any keys you wish, unlike playing with a controller."
,Recommended,241930,33410258,Posted: 9 July,all,Şorren,"One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them,One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them."
,Recommended,241930,33396250,Posted: 8 July,all,Abster,"Fun addition to a LOTR geek. Nice game mechanic, but a torture for a completionist."
76561198289526128,Recommended,241930,33416112,Posted: 9 July,all,imthebosshere,10/10 this game is insane
,Recommended,241930,32948972,Posted: 28 June,all,Danglebob,Game of Thrones with Orcs
76561198343255556,Recommended,241930,33416981,Posted: 9 July,all,AshenOne,Boi just buy it
,Recommended,241930,33245876,Posted: 4 July,all,ManOfAwesome,A great game... just buy it.... or not.... did you not buy it yet?
,Recommended,241930,33248151,Posted: 4 July,all,ム Kiwii,"You are so lucky for that, if you have this game already, because you're controlling a Legend in-game."
76561197978422124,Recommended,241930,33228738,Posted: 4 July,all,BattleBuddy,I can't believe I almost missed out playing this amazing game.
76561198162770417,Recommended,241930,33347262,Posted: 7 July,all,Borny Hoobs,suffer me!u will obey!
,Recommended,241930,33343701,Posted: 7 July,all,✪ Cinoiii,Very fun game to playFree to go wherever u wantKilling the orcs is easyInteresting story gameplayNice game boi
76561198058911966,Recommended,241930,15722170,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,The Lizard King,"Prey on deaf and blind Orcs with the memory spans of goldfish.In all seriousness though, it's Assassin's Creed/Arkham reskinned for Middle Earth. The only thing that separates it (and this is a big deal) is the absolutely ingenious nemesis system. Killing your way to the top has never been so satisfying."
,Recommended,241930,33355233,Posted: 7 July,all,Wreale Goode,"A dead, angry, charmless man is teamed up with a dead, angry, charmless manThey decide to fight the dark lord Sauron, but it doesn't really matter because Elijah Wood and a CG gremlin are going to end up beating himgameplay's pretty good though."
76561198204867772,Recommended,241930,33358005,Posted: 7 July,all,ConfidenceGamer,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is so ♥♥♥♥ing hard, but I mean, 4.0O $ = TOTAL STEALPros:-Saucy Combat-Sexy Storyline-Cool talent trees/ weapon upgrades-Nice combat systemCons:-Makes me question if it is selfish to commit suicide due to a game10/10 Would kill non conconical orcs again."
,Recommended,241930,33356462,Posted: 7 July,all,OppsIfartedAgain,Amazing game can't wait for the next one!
76561198004595556,Recommended,241930,33324761,Posted: 6 July,all,SuperNigga,Bought this game at 20$ and it was worth it.Now at 4$ its a no brainer.One of the best games out there.Seriously what are you still thinking?
,Recommended,241930,33345248,Posted: 7 July,all,king1harry,"Really nice game with beautiful graphics and cool action gameplay. Bright lord DLC is really a treat. I'd recommend to get immediately even on full price, but it frequently comes on sale to sweeten the deal even more!"
,Recommended,241930,33345758,Posted: 7 July,all,Animason,picked the game up because i was excited for Shadow of War and the game is very well done. It's visually beautiful (even for mordor) and all the wraith powers are really fun to use. The story was really good as well and i am excited to see what happens in the next game.
76561198132029370,Recommended,241930,33337904,Posted: 7 July,all,Imthejuanforyou,"I enjoyed playing games that contain unique game-mechanics, that can bring more enjoyment to the players. The Nemisis system is truly a unique system that brings life to the game in each playthrough. I highly recommend this game to people who enjoy the LOTR lore and to those who are searching for games with a unique flare.Note: Although I have low hours on steam, I have played this game on console with over a hundred hours."
76561198079817481,Recommended,241930,33344390,Posted: 7 July,all,ImmyA_7,Played this game on PS4 when it came out. Traded it in. Bought it again on PC. Awesome game. Must buy.
76561198054214745,Recommended,241930,33340047,Posted: 7 July,all,Mushroom Hunter,"love the game, but the campaign is a bit short."
76561198093955874,Recommended,241930,24663503,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,McJuJu,"Pretty great if you love LOTR series, Warning it can get repetative."
76561198224585964,Recommended,241930,33360903,Posted: 7 July,all,Toot Toot Turtle,If you like Lord Of The Rings or The Hobbit then you will lov this game. I completely recommend this game to anyone who wants adventure and action.
,Recommended,241930,33354912,Posted: 7 July,all,Artorias,"I absolutely Love this game.I Love the gameplay, the stealth aspect, the gore, nearly everything.The only negative thing is that the game falls kind of short. Just where things hit the climax and♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down, it ends. The story couldve been a bit longer, but on the other side you have a couple different Stories to finish after that (Only with the dlcs though).I absolutely hope Shadow of War makes it a bit more interesting and bigger"
76561198083964279,Recommended,241930,25733636,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,[RG] spilledpizza,"Assasin's Creed meets the Batman games meets Middle Earth. Wow, what an awesome game. Got this a little late, but still was amazing. I had to play it on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop too, cause my computer was in the shop, so the entire second half of the story was lagging just in the overworld, but I still had a blast with the game.What makes it so great? Well, you have:Recognizable characters and scenarios, and new characters who are extremely likeable (though who doesn't like a dwarf)Unique warchiefs with distinct personalities, some of which after you kill will come back to try and get revenge.Excellent combat system and good stealth system. As you progress through the game you unlock more and more useful abilities and Runes which make you even more effective at killing 30 orcs at once.The ability to take on 50 orcs and 4 warchiefs at once and win.Different enemies introduced over time that build with your skills.Great open world mechanics (such as killing every single Orc Captain and mind-controlling all the warchiefs just for fun)Ability to interract with your friends playthrough by killing Warchiefs that killed them.A good storyline that keeps you invested in the charactersDeath that matters enough to want to go on a quest to avenge your own death, but not so much that it gets in the way of the gameplay itself.Great DLC that has some cheap bits that artificially ramp difficulty but overall is great.And more, but I dont want a write a whole essay on this.Buy the game, now. I got it on sale for $7.00 and the GOTY addition is $20, but I would pay full retail price for this game today.Oh yeah, and the 50 orcs and 4 warchiefs was amazing to pull off, definately would raise alarm at Uruk's Hollow again."
,Recommended,241930,25695723,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Mooncheese SKIN.TRADE,"Amazing gameplay, boring story.The game is not perfect. The story is almost completly absent, with no real explanation to help the player understand what really is going on in the surrounding world of the game. Still this is a great game that i  recomend to anyone who enjoys a game that is just a lot of fun,  just running around killing uruks whitch at the same time has some of the best controls and gameplay i have seen in a long time. I had a lot of fun playing this game :)"
76561198119193281,Recommended,241930,25698953,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,No Hit Wonder,good game was walking for about 10 minutes and had met the entire uruk upper management
76561198115232432,Recommended,241930,25691450,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Erithyl,HELL YEAHH!!this game is amazingthats all \[T]/ PRAISE THE SUN FOR THIS MASTERPIECE
,Recommended,241930,31120508,Posted: 13 April,all,B-Tech,"*snipes a caragor cage* A CARAGOR!!!Never gets old.Great game, great buy!"
76561198053491735,Recommended,241930,24073370,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jathar,"If you love Assassin's Creed or Batman: Arkham City, get this. I've mostly ended up playing this on PS4 because my processor and graphics card aren't up to the task for this game (to my dismay) but seriously, this was one of the most engaging games I've played in a very long while. I'm a huge Tolkien geek, and I feel that this is a very inspiring imagining of Mordor. I really expands Middle-Earth, while staying faithful to Tolkien. Plus, the gameplay feels great.My main complaint would be with the shortage of environments. Only two big areas to explore? In terms of pacing, progression, and difficulty, the second area feels super mid-game.  I get the feeling that the developers planned to have a third area with end-game difficulty and challenge, but got scrapped so they could release this game ""on time"".  I say this because the pacing in difficulty, challenge, and plot is FANTASTIC, and then it abruptly plateaus right when you're getting used to it.I found the ending to be anti-climactic, which supports this feeling. I really feel like this is a fantastic product, and it's really worth playing. But I never felt like the gameplay experience was ever allowed to be fully explored and realized. So, you're going to love everything until you've progressed far enough, and then the game feels too easy.At that point, you can do one of two things to keep it interesting. You can get 100% completion (which I personally didn't find to be rewarding enough to be worth it) OR you can mess around with the nemisis setting, which is *really* interesting.Overall, I'd give this game an 8/10."
76561198052772548,Recommended,241930,24092425,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fritz,"Unbelievably awesome game.  I wasn't expecting much but boy was I wrong.  This game broke two stereotypes for me.  Games based on movies are not neccessarily bad.  Games made by movie companies are not neccessarily bad, in fact, Warner Brothers makes some absolutely great games.  This game takes some great ideas from other great games and combines them into sublime ecstasy.  You will not be disappointed if you purchase this game."
76561198139618658,Recommended,241930,23087797,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Crustle The Rock,MY BOYS HAVE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO BE KILLING YOU !!!!
,Recommended,241930,24695925,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Milk Jug,If this game were a bottle of hooch it'd be a bottle of over rated vodka with some nice touches thrown in.6/10
,Recommended,241930,24560493,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,hjerrebors,10/10 for finishing moves!This game is like a brutal Assassin's Creed mixed with LOTR.
76561198068575939,Recommended,241930,23348793,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Omerta0316,"Played through the main campaign and the dlc campaigns.. I'd recommend this game. Fun gameplay, a smart story(weaves in well with the gameplay features..) Major parts of the story must have been constructed around the gameplay but it's very well edited and keeps the game fun.. True to the lore of lotr..I was thoroughly impressed by many aspects of the game (i'm too lazy to list out all the things that got the thumbs up from me and anyways that would take away the freshness of it from the reader).. The game is really satisfying and chopping through endless herds of uruks hasn't lost it's charm for me even after going through the motions so many times.  oh and the game delivers a feeling dread and loneliless throughout. was be a bit depressing for me at times. I'd recommend this one. Buy it and you'll spend many a happy weekend slaying orcs(/uruks)"
76561198036094684,Recommended,241930,22682951,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,RoarShark,YOU ARE MINE!10/10 would be owned by a dead elven lord again.
,Recommended,241930,22573378,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Sodaras,I just can't get bored of the combat system. 10/10
76561198154304215,Recommended,241930,21395144,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Andy Bedford,"This Game is epic, awesome, and totally insane.1 You kill Orcs2 You kill more Orcs3 Kill Hords of Orcs Whilst turning them into your Orcs4 Killing Armies of Orcs With your Army of Orcs.5 Kill Mass Armies of Orcs and Creatures Set Against your Armies and creatures you have turned against them.6 You get the idea...........................................Seriously though, this is an awesome game......(spoiler alert)>>>>>>>>>>>>>Until the End.....................the ending was a wet blanket slap in the faceYet................ You get to do options 1 - 6 above.Loved it."
76561198019770897,Recommended,241930,28063022,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,FearItself,Best orc killing simulator on the market! Love the system used to create new bad guys as you take out the army of Sauron.
76561198323577742,Recommended,241930,29294992,Posted: 16 January,all,waenhir,The combat is so awesome. Just watching Talion fight makes my day.
,Recommended,241930,26782812,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,digitallyAlive,"Loved it. If you have not played it, you are missing a gem."
,Recommended,241930,33020412,Posted: 29 June,all,Shiverskill,"Fun game with a good amount of content and enjoyable gameplay. Only real complaints I have are that the game doesnt always tell you what to do and that the ending and final boss are incredibly lame and sequel bait.I recommend this to those that like stealth melee combat, enjoy the Batman Arkham games' style of combat when out of stealth, and that feeling of growing into a killing machine over the course of the game."
,Recommended,241930,33151195,Posted: 2 July,all,SHTempEst,Very good game fams
,Recommended,241930,15876382,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Jearbear,"Over all this is a pretty solid game with a few weaknesses consolidated mostly around a lack of things to do, or perhaps a lack of motivation to do things. Everything in the game felt more or less pointless to do and I felt little driving me away from merely completing one main story line quest after another.The major selling point of the game, other than it's completely open supreme dark edgelordness, is the warlord/warchief enemy interaction system, or Mordor's Most Wanted. Though at first the system of new up and comming, interfighting, leveling up, player death interactive and grog drinking orcs with a random assortment of strengths and weaknesses was really interesting and felt really immersive, the feeling promptly faded as you fight Orcy the Titled for the third time... maybe? He looks and has the same generic dialogue as that last orc I fought in the last breadcrumb mission I did. As you went later on through the game(like an hour in) you wash like a wave across the list killing orc after orc until you appear to have killed every orc in Mordor with little reward or difficulty. This bland repetitiveness was further worsened for myself personally by the incredibly jarring and quickly frustrating ""Oi you doin' a somethin' manskin?"" minicinematics that would happen every time you would come across one of these bossman orcs.Aside from this, the game is a strong clone of the Arkham/AssCreed style of games. Perhaps though that was part of the issue, as it did not shake up the genre much aside from the Mordor Most Wanted run to X and kill the big one in the middle. I have really enjoyed most of the Arkham games to date, and never liked the AssCreed versions. This one sort of landed in the middle with me neither really loving it or hating it as I cruised through the bland ""remember when something like this happened in the movies"" (or books buck seriously f*ck reading) storyline. A decent enough game if you, like I did, pick it up during a sale as it'll easily pay itself off at around twenty ducks.Overall rating: 6/10"
76561198295097142,Recommended,241930,33052430,Posted: 30 June,all,Snafu,Only 4.99 on sale worth so much more
76561198143259667,Recommended,241930,33044007,Posted: 30 June,all,MZK.Revenger,nc game and cheap price in summer sale
,Recommended,241930,33045307,Posted: 30 June,all,Milan,"This game is fun as hell,It's an excellent mix of fun gameplay, level of skill and a nice story that really adds to Tolkien's Universe.I don't care who you are, but if you have any interest in the LOTR universe and like the Assassin's Creed and/or Batman games buying this is mandatory."
76561198049215297,Recommended,241930,33049579,Posted: 30 June,all,Kitus,"This game brought back passion for gaming: I started playing and couldn't stop for two days in a raw, that's how much fun I was having.The story is fantastic ( although not really fitting in TLOTR...), the game mechanics easy to learn and the game doesn't get boring at all despite being a little bit easy ( that is the only downside that I can find in this game: might be a little bit too easy for experienced players).This game is a *MUST HAVE*.Totally recommended."
,Recommended,241930,30479093,Posted: 12 March,all,mikjål,cant wait for the new won 10/10
76561198123153043,Recommended,241930,30477371,Posted: 12 March,all,edavies8,"I came across this game a while after it came out. As a HUGE LotR enthusiast, I bought the GOTY edition & the DLCs and enjoyed it all thoroughly. This was my first introduction to a ""hack & slash"" game. The lore is rich in this game, the storytelling - with the highly unique Nemisis system - is phenominal, creative, and unique every time. My only hope is that they find a way to improve it even further with the upcoming sequel. Absolutely great buy!!!"
76561198066359775,Recommended,241930,13801775,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Archaon,"Great graphics! While yes the story is rather short, that didnt matter as the story was fun, interesting and engaging. Rival system is great fun. 9/10"
,Recommended,241930,13448139,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,r08in,Very Good Game!!Lots of Fun hunting Orcs.
76561198034618921,Recommended,241930,12895137,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,favilla1983,"Fantastic game. I was a huge Lord of the Rings fan and was initially concerned when I heard about this title in development in terms of how it would tie into the LOTR lore. It does so very seamlessly in my opinion, and the gameplay is awesome. The level of detail put into this game is amazing. I would highly recommend."
,Recommended,241930,25374237,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Galveraxe,"Feels like it uses the Assassins Creed engine as gameplay is pretty much exactly the same.But to me that's a good thing. Lots of fun, I love it."
,Recommended,241930,12436738,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,[DGF] Martin Walker,"At first it feels like Assassins' Creed + Batman, but in reality this game is more like a spiritual successor forKingdoms of Amalur: Reckoningwith the Tolkienian lore of Middle-earth.Superb graphics and sound, engaging gameplay, story/plot is not earthshattering but it delivers.Totally worth every penny. Get it.9/10"
76561198320354435,Recommended,241930,31517477,Posted: 2 May,all,ManOWisdom,It's just sick to be in Middle-Earth. If you do love LOTR then this  is your go to game.
,Recommended,241930,24066839,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TheWoodsman,"I must confess, I made it less than 15 minutes into assasin's creed 1 before I uninstalled and never looked back at the franchise. I have the first 2 Batman games, and enjoyed what I played of them, but lost interest fairly quickly. So after 5 hours of this, I might lose interest soon, but it's no fault of the game, I'm just very fickle with the genre.That said, I think I'm more likely to keep this one around than give those games another shot. The nemesis system really hits the spot for me. It really is the game's only trick, though, so if it isn't enough to grab you, you're going to get bored quick. Every single aspect of this game involves slaughtering orcs. Later on you can ""brand"" some of them to be your obedient slaves, but all they do for you is kill more orcs. There's a few other beasts, but usually you just avoid them or set them free so they can keep killing orcs.The story isn't very groundbreaking, but they did a decent job of manipulating the lore into an excuse partake in never ending gratuitous orc genocide. There's even a Gollum cameo. It's good dumb fun and at least worth it's sale price."
76561197990314751,Recommended,241930,13915237,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Rashkavar,"An excellent non-canon adventure.  It's very similar to an Assassin's Creed or Arkham game (specifically, AC movement right down to reproducing the glitch where you can occasionally not grab things if you climb a wall at an angle, and Arkham's swarming enemy battle system.)  However, that definitely doesn't do it justice.  It circumvents most of the design flaws of both titles and adds a lot of brand new (to me) stuff.First and foremost, AC and Arkham games tend to be paced quite poorly.  They give you all these abilities in the first 6 hours or so of gameplay, and make a game that takes a good 50 hours or so to do everything.  Shadow of Mordor holds things back from you until something like the 4th or 5th last core mission of the game, so you don't get bored with the same old abilities.  Speaking of abilities, all those experience-earned abilities are paced superbly - I had exactly 1 big fight left when I got the last of those abilities.  Point is, AC and Arkham games are both big enough to outstay their welcome.  Shadow of Mordor doesn't.Second, there's the variety of things to do.  Some of them aren't all that useful (why throw daggers for minor damage when I can pull out my bow, line up a headshot and get a one hit kill (and a chance to terrify a couple of orcs into fleeing in the process), but a lot of that is in playstyle.  (The guy who feels the bow/slowmo combo is cheating (and let's face it, it's totally unfair) might quite like those daggers I'm so dismissive of.)  Assassin's Creed tends to give you a laundry list of gimmicky tools when all you really want is your sword(s), pistol(s)/throwing knives, and hidden blade; Arkham Asylum (the only Arkham I've played to completion) gives you gadgetry that increases your mobility.  Shadow of Mordor gives you the ability to brainwash an orc, order it to kill its friend, then make its head explode when its finished.  Or the ability to hop onto a Graug (which is to trolls what gorillas are to humans - recognizably similar but significantly stronger, stupider and better at smashing things) and rampage through an orc camp.Speaking of the brainwashing thing, I think they made a significant error, at least in marketing.  They really played up the signifigance of this ability, but it doesn't appear until about the 3-quarter mark in the main game.  And you're quite limited as to what you can accomplish with your minions - rank and file troops can just be used in the area (which is fine), captains can only murder other captains, become a warchief's bodyguard, or backstab the warchief he's guarding.  Warchiefs, the top ranking orcs in the game, can murder Captains as before, and have the ability to challenge other warchiefs in a ""riot"" - 1 warchief and several orcs on each side, fight it out and see what happens.  Near the end of the game (SPOILER WARNING - LOOK FOR ALLCAPS), you can lead a group of possessed warchiefs in larger battles, (END SPOILER WARNING), but you can't do anything on this kind of scale ingame.  I'd love to take the Warchiefs and Captains of Nurn (who are, in my game, virtually all under my command) and march them up to Udun (the first area, where the command structure was rebuilt after I killed everything of rank in the first half of the game) and start a war between these two large groups of Orcs.  It would be great fun.  It would also probably murder my computer, but that's no reason not to include it - there are much better computers than mine.  It's still fun, it could just be better if they'd added a few more options.On the technical side, the game is largely brilliant.  The graphics are definitely excellent - Udun is a perfectly appalling place - a blasted ruin - and Nurn is eerily green and pastoral (apparently it's canonically the area of Mordor left fertile in order to provide food for the Orcs).  Only in the heat of the most intense battle in the game did I once experience a minimally noticable drop in frame-rate.  Load times are rare and take merely seconds (and include little snippits of Tallion's history to distract you from the fact you're staring at a loading screen), despite this immense level of detail.  By far the best implementation of background loading (and appropriate use of the extensive amount of RAM available on the computer).   The one unfortunate result of this is that Orcs spawn in at very short ranges.  While I never actually caught them popping into existence (except on the minimap), there were a few missions I was trying to accomplished by stealth (that is, silently murdering everything between point A and point B) where I was seen by Orcs in places I had cleared out seconds earlier.  Fortunately, the game rarely forces you to take a stealth approach, so getting caught just moves from the amazingly brutal (but stupidly easy...by a Metal Gear Solid fan's standards) stealth to the wild melee of a battle through an Orc stonghold on alert.  And when you're not in a structured mission, you can always just run away if things don't work out - strongholds often have so many orcs that fighting them all just becomes impractical.In short - if you liked Assassin's Creed and/or Arkham Asylum games, but wanted to mind control enemies, ride troll beasts and creatures I can only describe as being the result of genetic experiments involving a rhino and a lion, this game is your chance.  Just don't consider it official Tolkein canon; even the basic premise of you and a dead elven wraith working together to cheat death breaks canon in many ways (death is absolute for men, wraiths are half-living creatures, not undead, etc.)"
,Recommended,241930,25167129,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,k//m//n//z;,"not much to say , this is a masterpiece , highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,241930,12651220,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Olsen♞,Best Game Ever!
,Recommended,241930,25505638,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Lemonocle,"This game is long and very enjoyable. It's also dirt cheap and seems to almost always be available somewhere for under $10. For a fun 40 hour game that's a steal. I 100% the main game but didn't really feal like playing the side campaigns after that. Not because it's not fun but because I have too many other, different games I want to play."
,Recommended,241930,33674222,Posted: 20 July,all,EvanIsHolmes,I Liked alot of things about this game.. Graphics Well just graphics :P
76561198063269581,Recommended,241930,25520172,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Kaname,This game is decent the  leveling system is quite unquie I have stopped playing this for a while it got frustrating... and I warn you the more you die the more harder the game gets...... Basically if it gets too hard for you well... end game.
76561198056495786,Recommended,241930,18753135,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Grapple,"This game is amazing, you can beat the main story in a day, or you can be cool like me and spend 100 hours to complete it. Why, you ask, did i take so long? because unlike most gamers i dont care as much about the story, the game play is amazing, the way enemies remember you time after time is awesome and i was having so much fun going around hunting caragor and graug that i forgot all about doing missions. The captains are pretty cool as well, They all have diferent abilities, fears, weaknesses, and hatreds. So with 1 captain you can shoot him in the head and kill him instantly, but with a diferent captain he will be immune to ranged and stealth attacks so you have to face him head on. The gameplay itself is pretty much the same as Assassins creed, when i described the game to friends i told them ""Lord of the rings and Assassins creed had a kid"". Even after completing the main missions its still a lot of fun to run around mordor expanding my army and taming Dire caragor.After all of that however, there is still one little problem i had, and its a big one! (if you get that joke you the real MVP)The final boss fight was extremely disapointing and, for me personaly, far too easy but i wont spoil details, play for yourself if you want to see why i feel that way."
,Recommended,241930,13126746,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Neddy,"Batman comes to Mordor.  That's basically the easiest way to understand this fun assassinate-and-subversion game.  While many of the tools you'll come to love (including the vaunted ""Nemesis system"") are not really available until half-way through the game, you'll be glad you sunk the time in.  More ""Assassin's Creed"" than ""Assassin's Creed"" it's superior to most of those games with a real feeling of threat and strategy.  The combat system is fun and frenetic, and while there are some ways to break it (the infinite leap comes to mind) it's better to enjoy yourself and hunt orks the old fashioned way.  Definitely worth a look if you're a fan of the Assassin's Creed or Batman: Arkham series."
76561197970384487,Recommended,241930,32735307,Posted: 24 June,all,Poltsi,"The game is set in Mordor / Middle-Earth, but 100% of the game happens in the same gravel pit with orcs. The combat is okay, but the there's only one type of attack you have to spam in order to win. Also there's a creepy ghost of a drug addict who doesn't like hobos (orcs).I guess this is okay, but I happened to change hero while playing the campaign and it wiped the whole progress because its possibly too much to ask for a ""save slot"" type of mechanism for a game in the year of the lord MMXVII.:edit:Alright, it saves automatically, but only when it feels like it."
,Recommended,241930,12379005,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Garenator,"First, the bad:The map is split into two open worlds rather than one, something I dissaprove of, but not a huge deal. There isn't much of a story aside from the nemesis system, which, while awesome, left it feeling a tad unfinished. It starts out very strong (I'm going to attempt to avoid spoilers), when you first start you do missions that fill in some of the lore as to who the wraith you're bound to is, and the early game unlocking is very fun/satisfying.Then it kind of slows down in the middle, there aren't really any missions outside of the nemesis system. Your mission is to simply dominate all the warchiefs in one of the areas. There's no lore, it just kind of lets you make your own story by completing that objective however you chose to.Then it picks back up late game with the final boss fights and badass enemies, which have some awesome dialogue/lore and ther may or may not be a twist thrown in somewhere.Also, while fun, the combat is a tad repetetive, also gets very easy late game. I actually don't want to unlock the last 3 abilities I have to get to, since the combat is already too easy. One of the unlocks I could get would be 2x sword dmg with a charged hit streak. I legitimately do not want that, since it's too easy to kill most enemies already.The Nemesis system, while very cool, isn't as in depth as I was hoping for. When you make a warchief's bodyguard betray him, for example, all it does is put a mission on your map, you activate it, then it cuts to the bodyguard starting a fight with the warchief and you have to hop right into it.In the trailers it was presented like you could infiltrate the base, dominate some archers, then chose when to make the guard betray his master, it was presented as more tactical rather than just forcing you into another brawl.With that said:Brawls in this game are very fun. They took the combat straight from the Arkham series, it's all about the hit streak counter, which gives you special moves/executions and increases your damage. It's smooth, gory, fun combat. Also, you get to freaking kill Uruks in Mordor, if you're a LotR fan, you will enjoy this.While the Nemesis system is not perfect, it is pretty cool. If you get a captain down to almost no health but he kills you/escapes, he'll be all mangled the next time you meet, saying something like ""see this pretty scar? That was YOUR doing!"". I had one particularly tough captain kill me 6 or 7 times early game. Got to the point where when I would find him he would say ""Do you enjoy these pain lessons from me?"" or ""I'm starting to look forward to your visits, time for another promotion!"" which was a great motivator to kill that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Game is also very well optimized. I'm running it on a gtx 760, i5 4440 and 8gb RAM and have it on a mix of high/ultra with consistent 35-45 fps.Overall I would say 8.5/10. Does a lot of things very well, has an awesome setting, and, most importanly, is very fun. The lack of difficulty late game and the lack of material in the Nemesis system that was presented in trailers is why it's not higher."
76561198128305531,Recommended,241930,29350538,Posted: 18 January,all,SlimCharles,"Loved this game.  There are only two games I would give 5 stars to, one is Arkham City and the other is this one.  Shadow Of Mordor was a game I could literally sit and play for 2 hours and still be able to play more without having to take a break.  I can only hope a sequel comes out at some point."
76561198175944118,Recommended,241930,29238073,Posted: 13 January,all,Miranduhh17,"Let's just say, as a completionist, this is probably one of the most satisfying games out there! I love that you can keep track of your progress through percentage. Once I finally hit that 100%, I could finally sleep and move on with my life. The story is fantastic and truly follows the lore behind the Lord of the Rings! If you are a huge fan of the movies and the movies, then you will love it! This game is also great purely for the never ending, Uruk-killing fun that this game has in store!It has a very Assassin's Creed feel to the game with respect to the parkour movement and getting around the map. It just adds to the fun of the game! This game isn't rpg in the Fallout or Skyrim sense, but you can choose what side quests you want to do, if any at all. Also, I love that you don't actually ""finish"" the game. After you complete the main quests, you are free to roam as much as you so please!Conclusion: BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,241930,33631784,Posted: 18 July,all,DarthPungz,"So many ways to play, having a lot of fun with this.  Runs super smooth and crisp graphics on my 960m.  I cannot believe I didn't play this sooner... I am not a Hobbit or Lord of the Rings fan so that is what had kept me away.  The game is pretty amazing, I know some have called the fighting repetitious but I think that this is equally due to their lazy playing style... You have choice on how to handle almost all fighting scenarios.  I give it a 10/10, go get it!"
,Recommended,241930,33410642,Posted: 9 July,all,FrostbyteLegacy,"This game's honestly amazing! Totally worth it, story was action packed and overall still something to keep playing if you wanna get all achievements"
,Recommended,241930,22236064,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,thakkar.karan04,Awesome game for people who love dark games. Play this game with a gamepad (Say Logitech F310 or Xbox controller) you'll enjoy. Keyboard and mouse just sucks for this game.
76561198054135355,Recommended,241930,32660757,Posted: 22 June,all,JebediahKerman,"I haven't had this much fun with a combat-style game in a LOOOOOOOOOOOOONG time. Action is fast and light, jump in and out whenever and wherever you want.Being a heavy LOTR reader in my youth, the main quest was epic.Just think of Arkham series + Assassins Creed + LOTR influences."
,Recommended,241930,33385937,Posted: 8 July,all,JNSMSR,"Fun game, story is finished very very quickly though (about 7 hours). Mostly buy it for side missions etc."
,Recommended,241930,33638517,Posted: 18 July,all,Right2Drive,"This game had everything going for it. A thoughtful, well crafted combat system. An interesting story. The ability to keep playing after you've completed it is excellent too. I think what ruined the experience for me was purchasing the DLC, and feeling like I'd wasted my money because they play like completely different games. Nothing from the main game transfers over to the DLC, so my recommendation is to just get the base game."
76561198091689162,Recommended,241930,33652852,Posted: 19 July,all,RaidersUnited_,pretty seeeek game
,Recommended,241930,33445668,Posted: 10 July,all,Lolarky,Overall 9/10Pros:+ Really good story+ Combat is good+ Graphics are good+ Map design is goodCons:- Repetitive side missions- Disappointing ending
,Recommended,241930,32916878,Posted: 28 June,all,Gliss,"Great game, the combat is Batmanesque and that's all i wanted from an ARPG."
,Recommended,241930,32737782,Posted: 24 June,all,Juks,Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is an open world rpg. my fav is nemesis system! (:
,Recommended,241930,29234383,Posted: 13 January,all,Xzenor,Bought this on PS4. FInished it. Sold it and bought it again on Steam during a sale.This game is so incredibly awesome! It really is a must-have!
76561198273965023,Recommended,241930,29354241,Posted: 19 January,all,Leo,so ♥♥♥♥in awesome o_O
,Recommended,241930,29238173,Posted: 13 January,all,Vladkins,"10/10 - Very fun action RPG for anyone+ Graphics hold up+ Addictive, one-more-minute gameplay+ Excellent controls+ Humor- Some repetition/Assassin's creed-style tower world building- Story"
,Recommended,241930,12417565,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Iggy,"Simply walk into mordor as you change between ugly ghost elf and tormented human ranger in this kickass action stealth game.Combat is set into 3 chunks: Ranged, stealth, and ""♥♥♥♥ you I have a sword"". Ranged has slowdown ""focus"" time and finite but easily refilled ammo. Stealth is full of plenty of unlockable instant kills including drop kills, bush kills, and of course ""you never turned around and I walked up behind you and stabbed you"" kills. Full out combat is about fluidly racking up combos (an early ability grants you a free execute every 8 hits), stunning and executing enemies, and dodging serious attacks like spears or giant demon dogs.Story seems ok so far. Gollums up in the mix, because why not?Lots of collectables, but oddly all the herbs you run around collecting are just for challenges. Also the first thing I picked up was ""pipe weed"" so theres that!Coming back to comment on this: The nemesis system is amazing. I had this one orc who just wouldn't die, you know? He had a shield and was immune to stealth and ranged, no fears, he'd prevent me from vaulting over him, just a real annoying guy. And the worst part is he keeps getting revived! Every once in a while he'd just show up again! So I'm wrapping up the story and during this big huge final conflict, guess who's leader of the enemy army? Yeah, my nemesis. I like the nemesis system a lot. The game WILL find orcs that are hard for you to kill and it WILL remember them. It really made the game better.I say get it."
76561198070733456,Recommended,241930,33527111,Posted: 13 July,all,Tarvos90,Best $4 I ever spent.
,Recommended,241930,33281786,Posted: 5 July,all,Eat_The_Cake,A MUST HAVE. 4 dollars on sale? If you buy this you wont be disappointed. It is basiclly assassins creed but lord of the rings.You can just kill orcs for fun if you want or do missions like assasinating an orc leader.Graphics: AMAZINGGameplay: AMAZINGAI: Could be better1-100 score: 95Summary: Very fun stealth-based game. For 4 dollars you must buy this. You won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,241930,33290160,Posted: 5 July,all,Georgis Belial,"A very interesting game!One could describe the gameplay partly like Batman's Arkham franchise and partly like Assassin's Creed. You get to choose between stealth kills, face to face combat to get some huge combo hits going or ranged kills.You can use all three styles at the same time, so you can imagine how many ways you could get to finish a mission! There are some challenge missions as well that might require you to play them couple of times to beat them. I found the stealth missions to be the hardest.There are also some collectibles to look for and some would require for you to think in order to get close to them. Some others would be well hidden so you might miss them easily.The main story missions were not quire hard. I was a bit disappointed on how easy the last boss was. I finished the main story within 10hs, maybe because I was distracted by some side missions and because I wanted to watch every second of the cut scenes in the game. As I understood from the story of the game, it is based in a timeline before the Lord of the Rings movie, as you can see some origins of Sauron.Achievements are REALLY hard! Not all of them but quite a few at least! I haven't even attempted some of them and by reading the requirements I am scared to even try.It was a game that kept me entertained for a while, with really enjoyable gameplay and lore. I am looking forward to the next expansion."
,Recommended,241930,33202857,Posted: 3 July,all,NitrogenToast,"Best Part? Hmmmm, well appart from seeing my ingame wifes kneck being cut, it would probably have to be the pure gore of slicing an orcs head clean off and it roll down a hill to a large group of bigger orcs, i would then continue to brand said orcs and make them kill for me. So. Would i recommend? YES   86.93/10 would Slice again"
76561198260441354,Recommended,241930,33167525,Posted: 2 July,all,J Creams,Good storyOutstanding graphicsThe best combat in any game I have played
76561198087347326,Recommended,241930,33277053,Posted: 5 July,all,Coolaswa,I think I am going to jail for the price I bought this at...
76561198182322386,Recommended,241930,32949843,Posted: 28 June,all,P1vanGaming,Good game with interesting game mechanics.
,Recommended,241930,33419569,Posted: 9 July,all,mishaboo,Awesome game!
,Recommended,241930,33463213,Posted: 11 July,all,Xenomorphs,assassin's creed to slay orcs
,Recommended,241930,33460976,Posted: 11 July,all,HyroKuMata,Best game ever and with Middle-earth: Shadow of war coming out in october what a perfect time to play.
,Recommended,241930,33411104,Posted: 9 July,all,XtremeChaos,"This game is fantastic! It has a long story mode that could take you months! I have only played this game for a few days, and i am not even at 10%! The graphics are great, the gameplay is intense, and and the abilities you can obtain are unique!"
76561198136041118,Recommended,241930,23785105,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,echidna8,Enjoyed this game. Looks good garphically.
,Recommended,241930,30882896,Posted: 1 April,all,HellHound22,"This is one of those games that makes me want to do everything possible, I strongly recommend this"
76561198152069573,Recommended,241930,21698449,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,NoahsBeanl,"This is probably one of my favorite or possibly even my favorite game of every game I've ever played. I am a J.R.R Tolkien nerd, and I loved all the books. Then this game came along, quenching my weird addiction for stealth games even more and giving me a fantastic game quite similar to the Arkham games, (just not quite as cool, because Batman) in more than one manner. I can apppreciate the combat and ability to do whatever you want and have a semi-dynamic world that is ever changing as well as a pretty good (no matter how short) storyline. I can appreciate the fact that older characters from the books and movies were brought back. Some people might not like the twist on the original lore, but it's not too far from the  real thing and it adds a cool kind of feeling when you play as the wraith who is ""bound"" to Talion and you feel kind ofevil. I have not played this game nearly as long as I might want to, but I shall soon. At times it might actually get too easy, but you can experiment with the game and make it just about as hard or easy as you like (most of the time). Sadly there is no difficuly level or ways to take away the upgrades you have in case you decide you don't want them (even if it's temporarilly) to make it harder. Though most games don't really have that. I am probably ranting to myself at the moment and imagining how this game could be completely utterly perfect but I'll stop myself here and simply tell you the game it's self and its dlc are definately worth getting, especially if it's on sale like when I got it."
76561197970435308,Not Recommended,241930,13913855,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Casey Dia,"My biggest gaming disappointment in a long time is ""Shadow of Mordor"". I read everything I could find on the game, watched in-game footage, trailers, read reviews, etc.....exceptionally high praise all around for graphics, etc. So I got it on Steam...and I'm sorry I did.The game basically holds your hand with irritating icons on screen every five secs when there is an enemy (I'm aware some of them can be removed in settings), telling you exactly what to do, when to do it, where to hit the enemy, etc. plus there is endless constant commenting from orcs (nemesis system). All of that pretty much destroys any immersion.It's like a hack & slash set in the LOTR universe and even that fails to ""feel"" like LOTR.I've been an avid gamer since the 1st Doom in the early 1990s so I'm certainly not new to games by any stretch.Alien: Isolation has buckets more immersion than Mordor. Even Ryse: Son of Rome, which was criticized hugely upon release, does.  The new version of Thief has far more atmosphere & immersion and 3-year old Skyrim beats Mordor hands down for atmosphere and immersion.I'm trying to enjoy the game - the cut scenes are great as are the graphics, and I'm a huge fan of Lord of the Rings...but Shadow of Mordor fails IMO, big time. I know I'm in the minority here, but that's how I see it...threw away money that could have been used for a far better game."
76561198056624823,Recommended,241930,33537196,Posted: 14 July,all,Alex Lupo,"Very fun WB game like Batman and Mad Max where i clearly prefer this one as i love how the Lord of the Rings theme was realized, only letdown is the lack of challenge, luckily you can evade it by taking other abilities/runes as the op ones (Imo it was no good idea to give you a rune to resist poison, being poisoned would stop the counter sign what would add a lot of spice to the fights).The nemesis system is interesting, bosses and chiefs only level up when you loose against them but as the game is so easy that you barely loose a fight it's somewhat pointless and therefore not well concepted, enemies will stay as weak as at start while you turn into an orkcrushing superhero way too early in the game, i hope they think that over for the sequel, difficulty settings would really help here. You can play through the game just using basic combat what's really boring but when you use all the abilities you are given it totally rocks.The game looks generally great but you'll see very ugly low res textures from close, if you want to use the free HD Dlc you need a gpu with 6GB video ram. The audio is absolutely great and brings the superb atmosphere, i totally loved the medieval music and sound effects.The Dlcs are fun to play, i liked The Bright Lord the most as you play as Celebrimbor when he was lord of the ring going for Sauron leading to their epic fight. It's also gladly more challenging as you have other abilities and miss basic ones like bow slowmo, chiefs are maxed too.I was surprised at how epic this game is and give a clear recommendation, especially regarding that every sale throws the full content at you for 4€."
,Recommended,241930,33155784,Posted: 2 July,all,hi,my favourite game everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
76561198028103591,Recommended,241930,33471455,Posted: 11 July,all,KrazyTReese,"Great Single Player Gamelove the battle systemStealth, Range, Story, Melee, Brawl = Great Game"
76561198248714336,Recommended,241930,33445028,Posted: 10 July,all,lucky_charm888,The Elder Scrolls: Assassin's Creed.Better than it sounds.
,Recommended,241930,33476383,Posted: 12 July,all,Immac Hunt,"1.5 hours in and I bet you're wondering, why am I writing a review now.Great story, sorry, I mean prologue, haven't advanced much further.Great combat system, I mean hack and slash, haven't advanced much further.Great graphics, even while on low settings its still a nice game to play, i don't seem to have any issues playing with some adjusted settings. I play it easier than Witcher 3, so thats a bonus as my fps can drop dramatically while playing.Enough with what I liked, some things I don't like. I understand its an open world game, but a bit longer tutorial would have been nice, they could have easily incorporated mantling into it among other - yes I realise there is a manual, but in-game tutorials are always easier to follow.Starting off with explaining how tough captains were and the best way to approach them, other than using the tips would have helped as the first thing I did after the tutorial ended was  jump straight off the nearest bridge, literally. I ended up being faced by 2 different captains, among a couple dozen urks.If it was meant to be a learning curve, well played, otherwise I feel a bit cheated.Overall a great game so far but a learning curve, in a way similar to skyrim - don't screw about or you could die."
76561198015566513,Recommended,241930,33320997,Posted: 6 July,all,MOT@ TenT ®,"Graphics are awsome,gameplay is awsome as well!"
,Recommended,241930,33470670,Posted: 11 July,all,slicky1019,"First off, let me start off with what is good about the game. The game at first is easy to get addicted to, but only for a while. As other reviews have said, it is repetetive and theres not much more to do than kill uruks, but they make up for that in the graphics, gameplay, voice-acting, and combat style. Yes, there is nothing to do but kill uruks, no there is no armor customization, yes you use the same weapon the whole entire game, and yes you're pretty much invisible when in stealth mode. But if you can beat the entire game in less than 15 hrs, than it doesnt feel like a complete waist of time and money."
,Recommended,241930,33316305,Posted: 6 July,all,ExplictX,"assassin's creed-alike but more vicious, feels like an actual movie while playing it, very fun, very amusinga MUST for a middle earth fan"
,Recommended,241930,33497680,Posted: 13 July,all,Century,Assassins creed orc version
,Recommended,241930,32734288,Posted: 24 June,all,Darthwolfus,"TearOfGrace convinced me to buy this game. I've started and restarted and restarted so many campaigns, and come across  so many different nemesiseseses (plural, I looked it up), I only wish I could save them or immortalize them somehow. Some of them died, some of them were recruited, but the worst of the worst will haunt my dreams forever more. Takra, Skûn, Prâk, Pugrish, and last but not least, Horza. If I could give him an epithet, it would be ""The Unconquerable"". It's one of the few games I've had the actual urge to 100%, and I'll do it one day.A true milestone in gaming, and one that will stay with me to the end.Or at least until Shadow of War comes out.""Oh, the hours I'll sink into you.....""*mangled scream*"
76561198047385340,Recommended,241930,32744225,Posted: 24 June,all,NiKoZ,I JUST INSTALLED THE GAME AND IT'S AWESOME
,Recommended,241930,12462391,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,BlueWizardHat,"StoryGood, but not great. The basic problem with the story is that it is way to short, it's enjoyable while it's lasts but then suddenly it's over. Also the story bosses are to easy, even easier than some of the captains you fight in most of the game.7/10MapsThe game contains only two maps, neither of which is very large. Also the strongholds which are former human cities doesn't look like anyone could have ever lived there, it's more constructed with the purpose of giving the player something to climb on. That said in both maps the developers takes full advantage of the space there is and each map feel vibrant and alive, there are no unused spaces in the maps. I do wish for more and bigger maps in DLCs.8/10CombatGreat. Think Batman Arkham series, but better, more fluent and with more interesting abilities.10/10Abilities systemThe abilities you can buy with ability points are a nice match between ""boring"" more damage abilities and interesting combat moves. Even the ""boring"" ones are not all that boring. And the combat moves are all really cool.10/10Nemesis SystemThe nemesis system does a bunch of stuff, one of which is autogenerating the Uruk captains with strenghts and weaknesses and personalities that differ so you are encouraged to adapt your playstyle to play on each captains weaknesses. On each playthrough you will meet completely different captains. And your friends will face yet other captains in their games.It also allows the captains to spawn events which you can chose to interfere in, such as Beast Hunts, Feasts, Recruitments, and even Duels where one captain may kill another. If an event is successful the captain levels up which make him more powerful and dangerous. If you do not interfere the events will resolve themselves when time is advanced (if you die time is automatically advanced).The nemesis system also makes captains remember their encounters with you. Their dialogue can reference the previous encounters, such as mocking you for running away, or being surprised that you return even though they killed you before or even being hateful of a disfiguring you gave them (this can happen with captains you ""kill"" if the killing blow did not chop their head of).One drawback of the nemesis system is that is does not affect the story at all. Nevertheless it is the most innovative part of the game and it's what makes Shadow of Mordor unique.10/10VendettasVendetta missions are special missions where you can avenge the death of other players. If you accept a vendetta mission the captain from another players game is spawned in your game and you can attempt to hunt him down and kill him. Likewise when you die other players may get the oppertunity to avenge you. Seems to be more or less random but with people on your friends list taking precedence.9/10AtmosphereThe atmosphere is great, the maps are densely populated and feels alive. It also adds that whenever you are near Uruks that have not discovered you yet they will talk amongst themselves, mostly about you. Early game they will be quite boastful and say stuff like ""I wish the Gravewalker would appear, I'll snap his neck like a twig"". Late game they will be more fearfull with comments like ""I hear the Gravewalker can appear out of thin air, thats why I try not to blink. He won't catch me by surprise.""Only thing that could possibly make this better would be a little more Arkham like behaviour when you're killing them off one by one using stealth (ie. in Arkham for stealth missions as you take more and more enemies down the rest will get nervous to the point of panicking over seeing their own shadow). But alas the experience in Shadow of Mordor is quite great and using certain combat moves you can actually make the Uruks so scared they will flee in terror.10/10DifficultyThis along with the story are the weak points in shadow of mordor. In the early game it can be quite challenging and captains seem tough, which is great. Later as you progress you get ability points and some abilties are unlocked via story missions, you get more powerful, which also feels great. However late game you are so powerful compared to the Uruks that most of them doesn't pose any threat, not even most captains, making the game a bit to easy.7/10OverallThis game lives up to the hype. If you have a system that is powerful enough to handle this game it's a definite buy.9/10"
,Recommended,241930,33675617,Posted: 20 July,all,meyousick14,"""MAN FILTH!!!"" - Uruk100/10"
,Recommended,241930,24064675,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,zactheriot,"Plays like Assassin's Creed crossed with the Batman Arkham series. This game is okay with a keyboard and mouse even though the default keybindings are a bit crazy(Sprint is shift and stealth is shift?!?), but i strongly recommend usining a controller. I saw an immediate improvment in combat when i switched to a controller. This game does a good job of making you feel like the underdog and overpowered at the same time."
,Recommended,241930,24065155,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SaltyPeaches,"I came back to this game after a long hiatus, and man! I still love it! I haven't played through any of the DLC yet, but I had forgotten how fun the Nemesis system is! My only gripe is that I wish there was some kind of in-game reference for combos (like the Y+B to perform an execution). They do pop up quite often, both in loading screens and in-game, so if you play for awhile, you'll remember them all again. But a simple menu item that lists them all would be very nice, for easy reference."
76561197980854417,Recommended,241930,33318846,Posted: 6 July,all,Godspark,"Shadow of Mordor has great combat and a fairly immersive, but rather subtle story. The game also sports a skill unlock progression system, rewarding stealth gameplay, as well as a lot of collectibles. It also gives the sense of 'accomplishment' by dividing the playfield into clearable areas, as well as helping your own 'faction' (intentionally vague, to avoid spoilers) beat the enemy faction.In short: It's like Assassin's Creed in the LOTR-universe, but with incredible combat."
76561198132858799,Recommended,241930,33002327,Posted: 29 June,all,Big Cheif,"Haven't played much of the game but I would reccomend it to anyone who is into the fantasy genre.If you have ever played the Batman Arkham games (Arkham Asylum, Arkham City, Arkham Origins or Arkham Knight)  then the combat system in this game will feel very similar it's pretty much the exact same.The only slight problem with the game (and bare in mind I've only played for 4hrs while typing this) is that some of the captains get a buff called Hate of Caragos this makes them far too hard to kill especially with the 30 other uruks attacking you.Overall though this would be a 9/10"
76561197974037352,Recommended,241930,34908954,Posted: 12 September,all,DeXZoR,After 100% the main game and the 2 DLC Lord of the Hunt and The Bright Lord. I am so happy whed this game the Two DLC becoms a bit more of 'more of the same' but if you love the system of the main game its more for you to love and a bit more story and background story thrue the DLCWith a great talent system that is not only number crunching and a fun Nemesis system to intreg you in what you can do with it and how you can control it this makes it a really fun game.
,Recommended,241930,34819838,Posted: 8 September,all,lefos99,Really good game with good story and nice fights! I would prefer more differentiated main missions though!
76561198089308292,Recommended,241930,34826822,Posted: 8 September,all,OldManCrash,"Actually enjoying this game, as it can actually be a challenging hack and slash game."
76561198200178681,Recommended,241930,34829265,Posted: 8 September,all,Fafnir Spiral-Dragon,"The only way to describe the odd mix of stress, fun, rage, and adrenaline is with a long keyboard smash. So...lajsnfksdjbflaksfjgna;kdfng.ksjhbgn;akerfbg;ksfdg b;aksjgnf;kasng;kdfbgk;jhadehfrb;jkabhg"
,Recommended,241930,34865899,Posted: 10 September,all,ThoRanDz,"Honestly, I'm not a Lord of The Ring fan. I just know this game from Steam Sale after Summer Sale 2017.Just curious and wanna try this game, so I buy it.The map was not huge, but the fun is the complex about combat. Frontal Fighting, Long Range, and Stealth was fun indeed.There was a lot of ways to kill, confront, and just play arround with enemy and captain. Even I can use the beast for that, not just mount and helping walk only."
76561198015710765,Recommended,241930,21706606,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,tecessus,"Nice game to play.PROS:- Nice graphics and environment- Good optimization, easy control and good playing experience- Nemesis system and combat mechanism, stealth- Having fun- Best Middle-Earth game so farCONS- Weak side missions- Short and weak main story (but encouraging)- Weak and- Not enough middle-earth elementsNeeded version 2 with richer story, better side missions and more middle earth elements"
76561198003643779,Recommended,241930,18250944,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Shhh! No tears; only dank memes,"What an experience this has been. I've never loved a single-player game as much as Shadow of Mordor, with over 25 hours of gameplay on record!BUY BUY BUY!Good things:Graphics, sound and most of all gameplay. I fail to pinpoint any obvious flaws or needs - I simply love it all!Bad things:The difficulty. The game tends to be too easy at some points. You can gain an ability where you are able to execute twice from one hit-streak, this feature/upgrade needs to be nerfed as it is too overpowered in my opinion."
,Recommended,241930,18882186,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,borderline auto,"Got this five days ago and I have 18.9 hours. If thats not enough, then read the following:Combat is like Batman but way cooler finishers (chop peoples heads off)Stealth is like Assassin's Creed, but not as hard (I suck at stealth..stabbystabstab)Visuals are pretty great, even when you run on High cause you don't have your new GPU.The indiviual captain system is baffling at first then amazingly entertaining (I was so close to clearing all of the Captains and War Chiefs)My only complaint is that steal doesn't have the fastest or quietest kills and the double-counter system can be the most challenging thing ever when you're focused on fighting using a different tactaic than usual (but its still super cool).Buy it.... especially if its on sale."
76561198169033545,Recommended,241930,30326800,Posted: 4 March,all,MasterBlack2011,really fun game but could of worked on the ending more
76561198284173679,Recommended,241930,33434536,Posted: 10 July,all,Minion Man!!!,Great game!
,Recommended,241930,12321100,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Laches,wierd mix of assassins creed/batman/far cry games. pretty fun. story is pretty bad but combat is fun and world is pretty big.♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of side missions and orc captain system is pretty cool. I'd wait for steam sale though imo
,Recommended,241930,13905776,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,PREDATARRRR,The only game I've played that encourages you to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at anyone who kills you by letting you track them down with unparalleled fury and rage.
,Recommended,241930,12477935,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Salt Lord,"Shadow of Mordor is by far the best game of the year. The combat is very well balanced, as are the perks. The runes are great, even if getting epic ones can be a pain. But, the shining jewel is the nemesis system, my greatest experiece it as follows: Early on i had a desire to clear the nemesis board. So i went around killing captains and so on, until I had just killed a powerful captain, his name was Honshu Mind Rage. After he was dead i was on low health, and as i fled i caught a thrown spear to the head and then I saw an uruk standing over my corpse saying""I better get promoted for this."" Then started the rampage of Buth Quartermaster. Time and  time again he would show up and ambush me, and I just couldn't kill him. Finally when I was a bit stronger I killed him, or so I thought. The next fight he came back, this time with huge scars across his face. He then became a warchief, and was even more of a pain. Until finally late game I was finally able to dethrown him.(Slight spoilers on the next line)When i was almost done with the main missions and had sailed to the Black Hand's stronghold. I saw him at the gate, with that familiar smile.Overall I give Shadow Of Mordor a 20/10, it truly is the game to rule them all."
,Recommended,241930,33880283,Posted: 29 July,all,~ Jos ~,"This game has very interesting features and concepts.The story is transmitted  good into the game, the amazing movement system makes you feel like a real assassin, being able to tumble, jump ,climb everywhere is just so good. Good combat system, although it has not to much diversity, other than  the skill tree you can develop to give it a better,different twist. Nice openworld mechanics, being able to trigger events and play side missions and collectibles. it has beautifull graphics and good interaction with the world. Enemies were challenging to a point, but exploitable, bosses,war chiefs were kind of lackluster, but okay enough for the experience.Some of the things i found annoying.The camera system is not as refined, it either gets to way to fast or to slow, i think it has something to do with transitions to spirit form and normal ranger form.Sometimes unneededly overwhelmed with uruks when alarm goes on.I paid 4euro's  for the game on sale, but i would gladly have paid the full price.It was definetly a nice experience."
,Recommended,241930,33876071,Posted: 29 July,all,ClayFace,"This game was clearly made with love from the developers,there are so many small details that make the immersion so much clearer, the bossfights were very good, could have been more challenging but I was satisfied.The nemesis system was flawless, can't wait to play with it on Shadow of War."
,Recommended,241930,33911158,Posted: 30 July,all,Wizard with PTHD,Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241930,33859983,Posted: 28 July,all,FinlaySG,10/10 Would replay againActually why replay when you can just keep playing...You fight and fight and then you die and let the person who killed you get stronger.You almost kill a really tough opponent then suddenly some random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ uruk stabs you and gets strong.You get an army of your own uruk captains then they all get rekt by that one OP warchief you can't kill.You fighting 4 uruks quickly just to get them out of the way then someone runs and alerts the whole of ♥♥♥♥ing mordor.You end up as one guy in a♥♥♥♥♥♥fest of uruks that all want to put a rusty blade in your head. What's not to love.Bloody hell just PLAY THIS MASTERPIECE
76561198028059421,Recommended,241930,33861124,Posted: 28 July,all,Buddytiger,"I got the game on sale for really cheap, since it's a 3 years old game. So is it worth the low price of 10 euros with all DLCs? I guess yes... Would have I bought it then, knowing what's in it now? I don't think so. As stated by others, it is an assassin's creed clone with a ""Lord of the Rings"" flavour.The gameplay is rough, imprecise, with the character feeling clunky and the design somewhat stupid:- why did the developpers choose to map the same button to both climb AND dodge, so when near a wall the character would sometimes dodge when I want to climb to escape, and sometimes climb when I want to dodge?- why would the character stick to a wall or a bush instead of going forward when I try to sneak (and even when I don't)?- why would the character hit allied units with his dodge and other skills, like subjugating already subjugated units instead of the new one that is at the center of my screen?- why does my character use his precious finishing moves on nearby grunts instead of the boss I am facing?It is an ok-ish game for fans of hack and slashing in Middle Earth, in a smallish open world with repetitive tasks/quests. The combat is similar to the Batman: Arkham thingy series, with a complete lack of aiming and obstacles that would block my character (especially on top of walls at intersections or when trying to outrun or catch up bosses). It is a neverending frustration as you plow through the games trying to repeat over and over the same quests.The nemesis system that randomly build sworn ennemies that chase the hero could have been better tuned, so while on missions I wouldn't get suddenly jumped on by 3 or more bosses that will kill me, become stronger because of my death, and will rinse and repeat every mission until I abandon the game and restart? What kind of completely idiotic gameplay design is this? On the good side, it adds a level of uncertainty in an otherwise bland world.One positive aspect is the music, that reminded me a lot of Howard Shore's score for the Lord of the Rings movies and contributes to give the game its atmosphere. The visuals are pretty good, and killing orcs never looked more stylish and gorish (and frustrating at times because of innacurate controls).Get the game if the following conditions are met:- you're a fan of Legolas in the movies (because you'll get to do everything he does in the movies, except skating on a shield)- you like the Middle Earth universe but you are not a Tolkien purist- the game is on sale"
,Recommended,241930,19451105,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Bonesinger,"Some people complain it's too repetitive, that all the stuff you do gets old quick. Frankly, I think they just don't like killing orcs as much as I do. I mean, I find myself getting sidetracked just to kill random captains and warchiefs, just because. And to avenge myself once in a while, too. And I have a lot of fun doing it, it hardly feels boring to me.One of my favorite things is when you kill a captain but he somehow survives and reappears later, either boasting or coming up with a revenge quote. I had to kill this one shield fatty 4 times, one by falling (blinded his left eye), another by ground execution (forced him to wear a bandage mask with holes only for his right eye and mouth), again with ground execution and finally with a streak execution, cutting off his head. Try coming back now!"
,Recommended,241930,25700203,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Enter_77,"This review: covers only the base game, played on an Xbox 360 gamepadProsVoice acting--- While the dialogue itself is not memorable, the voice acting is of high quality, especially among the Uruks.Nemesis System--- The gameplay mechanic that manages the enemy warchief and captain hierarchy is the main selling point of the game. Its gradual introduction over the course of the story allows all of its intricacies to be appreciated to their fullest extent.NeutralCombat difficulty--- There is little challenge in combat to begin with and it only becomes easier as more upgrades are acquired to buffer the occasionally missed dodge or parry when fighting a swarm of enemies. The grind is the biggest factor in combat. Defeating an enemy is more about steadily whittling down their health until an execution move can be delivered so they don't recover from their bleedout state.Overworld--- There are two main overworlds in the game. Although detailed and nice to look at during the daytime, they're mostly empty and the only incentive for exploration is to clear up the limited roster of side quests.ConsStory, characters, & quests--- Almost immediately, the player character is thrown into the world to start a journey with little build up regarding what he is supposed to do. The rest of the game follows the same formula. There are no surprises. Characters have the potential to be interesting, but their development ends as their short quest threads are completed, after which, they disappear. Quest objectives are straightforward and often repeated. What little story is present is not compelling, even for fans of the universe.Certain combat mechanics--- There are some glaring issues with combat.Ground executions are very difficult to perform early on when facing groups of enemies. Constant attack interruptions while going through the execution animation allows downed enemies to recover. Ability upgrades and weapon enhancements do away with the value of this execution style by adding new move sets that cannot be interrupted.Targeting a specific enemy among a swarm is difficult to pull off and can be a major problem when the attack is accidentally performed on an ally that is on the edge of death or enemy with special defenses that reflect damage.The spawn system is also poor. Walking a few meters away from a building during a quest is sometimes enough to respawn all the enemies within. Enemy swarms are endless when a stronghold is on its highest alert, forcing the player character to eventually retreat.ConclusionShadow of Mordor is an average game for its genre with decent gameplay. The story serves more as a long introduction to various gameplay mechanics rather than standing on its own, so the final recommendation has no bearing on one's interest or knowledge of Middle-earth's lore. After completing the main storyline, there is little else to do other than to unlock all remaining upgrades and play the game as a sandbox.With at least30 hoursof playtime to complete the majority of tasks, there is definite value in this game. However, the downsides might be enough to cause some to regret their decision as time goes on when the luster of the combat wears off. It's best tobuy Shadow of Mordor only when it's on sale."
76561197985651795,Recommended,241930,33327870,Posted: 6 July,all,crazed,"Well worth your time, looks great and ran smoothly on my entry level game pc. One play through was enough for me but I bought it on sale and felt very satisfied with the value for money.  60 hours of entertainment for 10 bux, it's 4 dollars right now so give it a go."
76561198024163947,Recommended,241930,12484832,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Justkaz,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is game that takes place some time between the Hobbit and the first Lord of the Rings books/movies.  Many people have given this game GoTY mentions in their reviews and for good reason.  This is one of the best third-person hack and slash, story-driven games I have played since Arkham Asylum.  In many ways, this game improves on the combat system in the Arkham series and adds a bit of the Assassin's Creed mission system for flavor.   The result is simply amazing!  After clocking in nearly 24 hours, completing the entire story, and finishing about 85% of the optional side quests, I can honestly say this game is one of the most satisfying and fun action titles I ever played.  Here is my breakdown of the pros and cons:PROS:- Storyline is interesting and voice acting is top notch.  The characters in this game really come alive and draw you in.- Combat system is extremely fluid and gratifying (there are many types of gruesome yet satisfying executions and combos to pull off).  The blood and gore, combined with the awesome sound effects make each kill feel like a scene from an action movie.  There is also a stealth aspect to the combat system which enables you to take out targets silently without alerting other Orcs.- You have cool Wraith powers in addition to your normal Ranger abilities which allow you to pull off some pretty cool stunts/kills.  These powers/abilities are unlocked as you progress and accumulate experience points.-  Interesting Orc heirarchy system that allows the player to manipulate power struggles between Orc Captains.   Basically you can directly influence a power struggle between two Orc leaders by force, sabotage, etc.  The developers did a good job of making each Orc Captain (which are randomly generated) feel unique.-  Graphics are pretty good.  The art and design for this game are quite impressive and really capture the feel of Mordor.CONS:- The game can feel somewhat repetitive towards the latter half of the story as the variety of missions is somewhat lacking and the game world is not that big.- The length of the story is somewhat short.  If you do not choose to do any of the optional side missions you can probably complete this game in under 12 hours.- The side missions also don't really reward you in any meaningful way if you complete them (they just give you extra experience and those Steam trophies).  Also the variety of side missions is painfully lacking.- The game does not have a whole lot of replay value as of yet, perhaps Warner Bros. will release some DLCs or new characters later.  Once you complete the storyline there is not much else to do really.- No real multiplayer function- In my opinion the boss fights were ridiculously easy.. to the point where the game became a joke towards the end.Overall I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed playing the Arkham series or Assassin's Creed.  I would also recommend this game to any Lord of the Rings fan as the storyline and combat stay quite true to the franchise.Final rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,241930,13556669,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Omega Snake,"Its a great game. The nemisis system is fantastic in every way. Meeting an Uruk in battle will never happen the same way twice. The flow of combat is beautiful, the scenery is nothing short of pure art and the gameplay is top notch. My only complaint is that the story was very short. I beat the whole game in 15 hours, and to be honest, I do not think that is acceptable for a game that is SIngle Player only. To me, thats a huge draw back, and makes the game worth a little less.All in all, The game is good and it has good replay value, just be prepared to be dissapointed by a short story.8/10"
,Recommended,241930,19404539,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TuxedoOxide,"Super addicting game that runs phenominally on most hardware released in the passed 3 years. The game has so much content in it that it seems almost endless. I have about 10 or so hours in it, and I'm only 20% through with it. I have yet to even touch the DLC yet. The only complaint I have is that the enviornments are somewhat same-y."
76561198282535867,Recommended,241930,33879980,Posted: 29 July,all,Dijkstra,"One of the last games I've bought and it's already one of my favorites.Played it about eight hours in two days.It makes you wanting to continue to play. You literally can't stop playing it.Good mechanics, gameplay, combat system and storyline.It's a good game under every perspective.Overall 8.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,33196435,Posted: 3 July,all,The Dig Bick,This game was great fun the progression in the story had a nice pace and was filled with plot for thoes who enjoy it. The combat was rather easy in my opinion but fun none the less. Would definantly recomend buying this especially if its on sale. Also to top it off theres a sequel that is set to release in october so now is a great time to play it.
,Recommended,241930,30249209,Posted: 28 February,all,♠VaLiKeee♠,"The best thing about playing Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is that it makes me feel over-the-top powerful without sacrificing the fear of defeat. It’s got great free-flowing combat and a good-sized, good-looking open world full of Lord of the Rings lore to find, but what makes it special is what’s going on in the background: an intriguing hierarchy of enemies that gives every victory and defeat extra meaning."
,Recommended,241930,28020196,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,bruh,"Now I'm not the biggest LoTR fan, but holy hell is this universe deep. This game has the gameplay and graphics to be it's own IP, but rather than doing that, they've integrated it wonderfully into the lore of this universe. Killing orcs is fun, tracking down targets is fun, and the whole package just feels like an Arkham game mixed with Assassin's Creed with a hell of a lot more qualiity content and a lot less fluff."
,Recommended,241930,22421237,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Marshal,"Thumbs up, If you like old games like: Prince of Persia, Hit Man, Max Payne etc. You have to play this game!"
76561198075780570,Recommended,241930,27484757,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheCell,"Simply the best hack-n-slash with a semi interesting story line and killer graphics. Get it on sale, its worth the time."
,Recommended,241930,12452337,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,silentil,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing outstanding!Gameplay - check!Storyline - check!Combat system - check!Relatively non-linear progression system - check!Awesome graphics - check!If you love LoTR or Tolkien in general, you're going to ♥♥♥♥ing love this addition to the franchise!!!"
76561198043222323,Recommended,241930,24238080,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,CetoMatu,"It's a nice game, very good grahics, combat and movement system similar to the Batman and Assasin creed titles although it does lack in some elements such as story and interaction with the enviroment. The fighting can also become repetative very fast as you face mostly just orcs and rescue slaves along the way.If you want a kill Orcs simulator then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,241930,29277185,Posted: 15 January,all,在峰🔯Bender🔯别戈,"Pros+ Looks great. Sounds great.+ Exceptionally optimized. Don't be fearful of the requirements. I came across no bugs whatsoever.+ Takes one of the best combat systems in recent gaming history and applies it to a world that it really excels in. Combat animations are brutal (in a good way). Sneaking up on orcs and/or mauling a large pack of orcs is fun throughout the entire game. Some awesome ""orc death"" animations. The sight of an orc head flying away never gets old.+ A TON of stuff to do. Sidequests, hunting, collectibles, challenge modes. Nemesis system essentially creates a neverending enemy hierarchy.+ Stealth is fun and easy to get the hang of.+ Fun with Carigors! When you hear an orc say ""It's a carigor!"" Climb up high, and have fun siccing them on orcs.Cons- Story can be finished quickly unless you take your time.- An absolute fart of a final boss fight. Total copout in terms of design.- A smattering of quicktime events that are annoying and take you out of the immersion.- Some forgettable supporting characters. Lack of Middle Earth races represented. Mostly just men and orcs.- Respawning of enemies in areas cleared prior happen almost immediately and is another immersion killer.All in all, I am extremely impressed by Shadow of Mordor. It's an engaging and fun third person action game in a familar world with great mechanics and some new ones that should be staples in future games. It's technologically sound, and while I felt extremely let down by the final boss ""fight"", the journey was worth it. I wanted Talion to succeed and that is half the battle in a game like this.Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,241930,33077073,Posted: 1 July,all,Saber Knight,assassin's creed but fun
76561198027145243,Recommended,241930,33167451,Posted: 2 July,all,Lance Hardwood,"Got this during the steam summer sale and I gotta say, if you're looking for a garbage piece of crap game that is insanely shallow with glitches everwhere, outdated graphics, boring fight mechanics, then this game is NOT for you.13/10, would buy at full price."
,Recommended,241930,24106606,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,dextergb,"Definitely not worth full price, but if you have the opportunity to get it on a great sale (say more than 60%), do not hesitate.Pros:-fun nemesis system-good ways of combat, similar to Arkham Knight-well optimized-hack and slash once you've got the waysCons:-extremely easy, the game has no difficulty choice-predictible and short story-a bit overhypedOverall, as I have previously stated, worth buying on sale, but otherways, 40€ is a bit much for this type of game."
,Recommended,241930,14040186,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,KGEvans,=10/10=-Pretty much Orc Slaying Simulator.-Worth it's money-Recommend it to everyone!
,Recommended,241930,31319867,Posted: 23 April,all,Gonzo,Its like Batman Arkham series but with swords.
,Recommended,241930,31319034,Posted: 23 April,all,rick,AMAZING GAME! I totally loves this game and it's very diverce and have many details that makes the character feel personal just as every thing thats happenning including the uriks that've killed you before. This game is sure quite big for it's time but it wont feel like it becouse there's always same thing to do. I definitely rekomend this game to anyone but who ever is a fan of Tolkiens stories to buy this game!
,Recommended,241930,28324175,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"Another fairly solid game coming from somewhere in the realm of WB game studios and whomever their devs are. The combat runs almost the same as the Batman Arkham series. Though the character you play as is another one of those guys with a personality equal to that of a cucumber. It keeps poking you in the ear and but nothing really sticks. Besides that, the story is forgettable in the face of running around slaughtering Uruk, completing side quests and challenges and occasionally following what can be a short story. But I have to say, most of the challenges manage to feel somewhat varied and collectables aren't a major nuisance while providing bits of lore which is questionably canon or not.Oh. And there's an Uruk caste system you can disrupt by killing leaders or mind control.Pros:-Smooth combat and intuitive-Great graphics and atmosphere-The Uruk caste uses the ""Nemesis System"" to create unique Uruk to either assassinate, fight or mind control-Two fairly large maps with varied landscapes to traverseCons:-You can become rather overpowered late game, even if you've only done just side missions and no challenges-The characters are all cliche personalities and the story is mediocre-The rune system for upgrading weapons is clunky and made OP with dlc-Boss fights are mostly quick time events-No difficulty settingsI'll go ahead and put my system specs for comparison below.MS-7850i5-4670k CPU 3.40GHz (4CPUs) overclocked @ 4.3GHz12288MB RAM (12GB)EVGA Nvidia GeForce GTX 960 4GB ftw edition1080 scale down to native 1600x900 monitor"
,Recommended,241930,33422324,Posted: 9 July,all,jakethemoore,arkham creed of the rings
,Recommended,241930,29427548,Posted: 22 January,all,sumbody69,"All of this is based on my opinion.GRAPHICS: 9.5/10 :This game is beautiful and the draw distance even on my computer setup is pretty impressive, there are a few in game *using game engine* cutscenes for the main story and a few pre rendered cutscenes. I rarely came across clipping or clipping issues, particles looks great. Not perfect but damn good.SOUND: 10/10 :The soundtrack , the sound effects, the echoing, the voice acting, and many other effects are used with great care in this game and give it a pretty awesome feel and pace to the game. Very much what you would expect from a LOTR games.GAMEPLAY: 9/10 :Fantastic climbing, responsive controls, just enough enemy variety to keep it interesting, with the opportunity to really just go into a group of Orcs and just start destroying them one by one. You get melee sword action, stealth gameplay, and ranged combat. This all makes for a fantastic experience that only near the end got a little stale for me. I am not the biggest fan of quick time events but this game used them in a decent way.Pros: Graphic, bloody, gruesome, fast gameplay, propped up with a great story that helped me understand the lore of the one ring how it was made, what happened to the ring maker, seeing another story unfold in a great way. This game will give you hours and hours of fun either creating a army or orcs or destroying every last one of them. Or you could just do both and still have amazing fun.Cons: at the end of the game the gameplay got a little stale as many of the things you have to do at the end are things you have had to be doing for the last 15 hours or so of gameplay. This for me meant that at the end of the main story I was really looking forward to playing another game.The middle ground: I bought this for 10$ and to me it was worth easily 2-3 times that amount in gameplay ,story, and fun factor and that is not something that happens too often. If you can get this game for less then 30$ or cheaper i suggest you do so as you will not be dissapointed. I find it really hard to find any real flaws this game has, considering i got almost 40 hours of playtime out of it and had lots of fun 95% of the time, and i still have some things to 100% still as at the end of the game i only had 80% of the game complete and that was without the DLC i have yet to play.Final say: If its cheap and you have been thinking about it just get this game, it will be a good investment in my eyes."
,Recommended,241930,33589919,Posted: 16 July,all,cr1ph3r,>> Story line is one of the best.>> Combat is unique>> Enjoyed killing captains and warchiefs>> Bought on a steam sale.Worth it.. 9/10
,Recommended,241930,33012944,Posted: 29 June,all,fingolfinnz,"I love this game.. I'm actually very near the end of it but I'm just bumming around slaughtering Uruks for fun and to try to obtain all of the collectibles, can't rush these kinds of things. This game has possibly one of the best control systems I've played with in a game of this type. There are a lot of keyboard controls to remember, however it very quickly becomes second nature. Love the Nemesis system which adds a nice little tactical addition. Should I go for the war chief directly or brand his cronies first? Really looking forward to Shadow of War if the gameplay is as good as this."
76561198251106698,Recommended,241930,32962615,Posted: 28 June,all,Cetje54,"Combat is absolutely amazing!Get this game, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,241930,32964295,Posted: 28 June,all,Damien Otis,"40 hours into the story. there's plenty to do in the world that doesn't involve progressing the story. the world is dynamic. the nemisis system really is what brings the world alive for me. there may be this one orc who's killed you a few times. for me it was this guy named Kingslayer. he had killed me like 10 times. I find out he's vulnerable to stealth take downs. and one time I see him. he hasn't charged me, I see him from above. I sneak up on him and stab him in the neck. game over. captain defeated.the combat is fluid. the last lotr game I played was return of the king on xbox 360. this game's combat feels similar but it's refined. I use a kb+ mouse setup and it works really well. the game makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥hero and delivers the experience to you in cinematic fashoin. it's not necessarily an original game; it borrows a lot from other games, but it blends them together nicely. don't expect this game to necessarily challenge you, unless you hate thinking and reading text. overall a great experience tho I'm not sure how well the game will age once I've completed the campaign."
,Recommended,241930,32961767,Posted: 28 June,all,Sleeves,"A very fun game with combat thay flows ever so smoothly.While getting a hang of how everything works can be confusing at first, soon you will be dueling hordes of Orcs with ease. The story is somewhat lackluster and the world samey pretty much everywhere but I find great joy in the fighting and leveling up enemy Orcs to be warchiefs (Düsh the Dumb being my favorite).This type of game is outside the zone of what I usually play but my money was well spent."
,Recommended,241930,18107093,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Ricemaster,Very fun game and it has an intresting story.
76561197993118451,Recommended,241930,33323412,Posted: 6 July,all,Duente Zaibatsu,"Very nice game, lots of things to do.Easy to play and win, and the ""hero"" becomes overpowered fast enough to deal with the enemies."
76561198072358472,Recommended,241930,12482856,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,BlackXero,5/5 bretty gud
,Recommended,241930,12632825,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,BrickermanPalooza,A day may come when the I stop playing this game… but it is not THIS day!
,Recommended,241930,33980884,Posted: 2 August,all,Spartan Prime,"An abolute blast with an extremely satisfying nemisis system. Best implementation of the Arkham Knight combat in a game in my humble view, graphically impressive, and scales extremely well on low end hardware. This is a must play if you haven't already. It was worth it."
,Recommended,241930,33995248,Posted: 3 August,all,{WKN} CoolGamer | Skinup.gg,This is one of the best games I've played!
,Recommended,241930,15212900,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Sid,"Its k I kill everything that moves, but if you could add a report orc button to report an orc that noscopes me to fast that would be gr8t m8."
,Recommended,241930,33403402,Posted: 9 July,all,Moustafa ELwasif,"Very awesome game, especially with GOTY Edition. Keep going WB, your games are awesome I also play Batman Arkham Origins. and it Would be even better if there was a DLC to enable you to play in a Multiplayer Mode, or Co-op. I hope that Developers see my request to make an online mode DLC. Thanks"
,Recommended,241930,26070244,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ducain,"Open world, Lord of the Rings (LOTR), Orcs and Urukai, sneaking, shooting, hacking, slashing, beasts to ride, enemies to dominate, possession, epic story, brutal, and amazing.  It's a really really fun game (usually I can play some games with kids, but this one is NOT kid friendly, which is fine, but just a heads up).  I even enjoyed collecting little artifacts because they had a hi-res model, and a voiceover explanation and backstory for each (which were actually pretty interesting).  I'm just so pleased that this game enhances the LOTR universe (just like the Arkham games).Brain-dead easy choice to buy!  AND I still haven't even finished the included (GOTY edition) DLC campaigns, which is awesome (I'm on the beast master one)."
,Recommended,241930,34048313,Posted: 5 August,all,Phoenix,Good game. Wish there was more end-game content though.
,Recommended,241930,33866328,Posted: 28 July,all,Gabberwocky on YT,"I am in love with this game.So far so good, let me get a little more into it BUT I LOVE the hacking and slashing. SO much fun!"
,Recommended,241930,34031720,Posted: 4 August,all,TwistinFool,"Very fun game. It takes a little time to get into it. My friends who played on console complained that they just kept getting run over by uruks. And what I have to say to that is use your parry and you will do fine. The story is quite enjoyable despite how some of them end unsatisfied. Animation are quite enjoyable and they never feel repetive and it seems like you'll always see some new finishing move. Purchased this for 3 dollars with all of its DLC and I would have easily bought the full price if I knew how enjoyable this would be. The achievements are also quite easy and fun to chase after and adds to move game time and value.Also, it's not as button mashy later on when timed attacks become important. About midway through the main campaign you'll be able to purchase a skill that triples you combo streak if you time your attacks just right. With that you'll be able to use your executive or other various abilities much quicker in a fight."
76561198138512665,Recommended,241930,33627876,Posted: 18 July,all,Kasper,This is one of the best games I have ever played !!Pros-1.the fights in this game is just awesome2.u can fight huge monsters and even control them3.The story line is amazing its based on the loard of the rings so watch it before u play the game u will understand better4.open world is one of the good features of the gamescons-1.the story line is too short like if u just keep playing the main missions then u can actually complete the game in 5-10 hrs2. the captains are too easy to defeat like they just don't fight soo well3.the map is kind of small.but overall i would rate this game 8/10.
,Recommended,241930,33700991,Posted: 21 July,all,Blastik,"Mordor, (narrative pause here) home of the orcs, uruks and other deadly wildlings. That is until one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ park ranger that sees ghosts starts making his own army and wages war with the big OG, Sauron.10/10 would start gang wars again"
76561198003352829,Recommended,241930,34025052,Posted: 4 August,all,Driaspis,Epic game..... Must have especially if you find it for 4€.... :)
76561198061139163,Recommended,241930,34027905,Posted: 4 August,all,Momsbasement78,"I personally love the game.  Some of the fighting is the same thing overall.  But, you can play over and over and find new ways of playing.  The game is a must for LOTR fans. That is why I purchased it.  Now I will work on the other missions and see if I can beat them.  But, the game has many ways it can be played and beaten, I did an initial run through because I became addicted to just beating it lol.  If you can get this game cheap or on sale, it is a cool addition to your game library.  You can come back and still enjoy slaughtering orcs."
,Recommended,241930,34064115,Posted: 6 August,all,Agart Roby,"This game is good for the players who want stealth ,action and some sword fighting.Also this game involves  some magic type actions and the most amazing thing is that you have to play like 2 characters in same man thats realy cool.This game have some realy amzing fighting tactics,this game is open world from a view  which involves fighting with beasts and some creaturs also the gameplay is much depended on the environment.This game gives you many tactics to kill your enemy which is also awsom and gives you opurtunity to dominante your enemies.At last I just want to say that if you  are interested in playing some survival,action and open world then Middle Earth:Shadow of Mordor is perfect for you :)"
,Recommended,241930,22724227,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Goatee,"Threw an Uruk from the top of a cliff, I was like ""THIS... IS....MORDOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"".10/10 would throw another."
76561198186813845,Recommended,241930,33867272,Posted: 28 July,all,Crazyflyer1423,Great game that has very satisfying combat and stealth mechanics. The game creates many memorable encounters with the various captains and warchiefs you find throughout mordor. The story is also really interesting but if it isn't for you there are plenty of side activities and missions to keep you entertained.
,Recommended,241930,12322380,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,k4lindor,"This game worth all my credit card Money, its really nice gameplay, we can say that we are in the Next Gen now."
,Recommended,241930,33026521,Posted: 30 June,all,Hyperion,"Insanely addictive power struggles! One 40 hour session later, still playing..."
76561198195322633,Recommended,241930,33406954,Posted: 9 July,all,Ghost of Arkham,"Unexpectedly a absolute gem of a game. Loved everything about it besides the slightly old school action point markers to start certain areas and the ****spoiler***** - slightly weak ending.Nemesis system is great! Would love to see this in more games but this is the first memorable one to use it.Buy it, play it, love it.One of best games I have played.Without a doubt recommended."
76561198085547121,Recommended,241930,12501125,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Don'tTurnMyFrogsGay,"If you're a die-hard LOTR fan or not here's why I think you would like it:It has all the combat mechanisms of popular Batman gamesIt has Assassin creed parkour and feel. (Con side: It's not as fluid or posished parkour however)It has LOTR lore and story line, so it's bound to be a very beautfiful game with good musicYou can control orc captains to fight at your side and use a political system in ways to take over. (Con side: You can't do this as soon as you start playing. You have to do about 7 main missions before that skill is given to you)The system will create more captains as they die off so you can't run out of captians or bodyguards to control (Unless you of course take control of all of the orcs)All the Orcs have their own weakness's and strengths. I've died and had to track them down again because I felt confident I could kill them just to find they're immune to stealth and die from fighting all his orcs and him at the same time.The combat's realtively easy in the beginning until you advance to the story. Berserkers and Orcs with big shields come along.(Con: Taking control of so many Orcs can take out the challenge for some and may find it too easy)The Orcs remember when they killed you and will mention it when you clash."
76561197988308508,Recommended,241930,13406132,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Karrosh,"First time playing, a Captain named Gor the Immortal killed me.  He was promoted and got stronger.I went a while without seeing him, when I happened to run into him while riding a Caragor.Unknown to me, he was able to be instantly killed by Caragors, which I found pretty satisfying as my pet ate him.A bunch of Uruks were attracted and killed my Caragor (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s).Before the fight was over, Gor the Immortal showed back up with a scar on his face.  He was apparently angry that he was eaten.  I died.10/10, would reincarnate Uruks again."
76561198185864666,Recommended,241930,19705829,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,danieldai12,"This is amazing game, stealth, combat, archer , adventure are all very amazing , the only thing that are not good at all is the story line, the story line can actually complete in  few hours"
76561197967659568,Recommended,241930,23793426,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,HCF,"Undead-Ranger/Ghost Elf's CreedUndead-Ranger/Ghost Elf's Creed is great entertainment, and far better than anything in its cousin series, namely Assassin's Creed. If it's on sale, buy it. If it's not on sale, make more money and buy it.SummaryStory8/10Gameplay9/10Replayability8/10Eyecandy8/10Average8.25/10StoryThe story is pretty engaging, and a fairly standard tale of revenge which appeals to me. There are lots of details that will appeal to a Lord of the Rings fan, of which I am not (and I still enjoyed the story). There are a lot of humorous moments in the game that will definitely make you chuckle, and sometimes it's even unintentionally funny. An example being when a Captain talks about his ""followers"" and how they'll make quick work of you when he sees you, and you already killed them all with your bow without him noticing.GameplayThis is basically like a less annoying version of Assassin's Creed with orks, uruks, and other ferocious things.  There's also a lot more special effects. It's great. A huge part of the game is picking targets and planning your approach. Often it'll fall apart on you by sheer coincidence, like another Captain being around to help your primary target out, or by someone sounding the alarm in the stronghold, or a Carragor eating your flesh for dinner at random).There are some quicktime events, but they are *rare*. The combat mechanics strongly resemble the modern Batman series, but perhaps more forgiving.There are all kinds of upgrades, through runes and through experience points, and I found it all to work pretty well together. You can usually choose whether to be stealthy, take on enemies at range, or brawl -- all are perfectly viable options, though some targets are more susceptible to one than the other (and often immune to one or more).ReplayabilityI completed this game before I bought it on Steam. I still bought it on Steam to play it more, and have it conveniently available for download. That should speak to its replayability plenty. Basically if you like watching uruks scream in agony, you will enjoy playing this game again.EyecandyI don't have the fanciest graphics card or the fanciest CPU, but it runs well and looks good. I can max it without any kind of stuttering with a GTX 970 and a i5-2500K. It's not Far Cry 3 pretty, but it is pretty.Now go buy the game."
,Recommended,241930,30307633,Posted: 3 March,all,ancientorange,"This game starts out frustrating and gradually becomes better. The world ends up being surprisingly small, and at the same time, you'll be using fast travel with great frequency.But the best part of the game, is when it trolls you. Every now and then, the Nemesis system will kick up a flamboyantly gay Uruk whose lines are double entendres and whose animations look like they were mo-capped from a drag queen.If you're familiar with Assassin's Creed, you understand most of the gameplay, but it's closer to the Arkham games in that there is absolutely no blending. You can run, you can hide, you can climb almost anything, but you can't take a quiet walk around Mordor without everything that sees you trying to kill you.Overall, I found the story and gameplay satisfying, and once you've unlocked Brand and Dispatch skills, there's a fair amount of replay value in the Nemesis system.The biggest reason I have for reviewing this game though, is to clear up a common misunderstanding about what it means to kill a nemesis. It isn't enough to take all their health. You have to take their head, or they'll just escape death and come back evolved to not die the same way again. The misconception comes from the description of how to kill them: you beat them down, then use a finishing move. The problem is, there are many finishing moves, and most of them are stabbings. The only one that kills is the one that beheads, and it's random which one you will get.The evolution angle can make for some very, very irritating nemesis. You can end up with someone who regenerates, can't be countered, can't be leapt over, and can't be hit with ranged weapons or grabbed. That makes for a tough fight, even if they weren't surrounded by backup.Eventually, you get moves that will make their heads explode, and actually killing nemesis becomes predictable and controllable, but until then, it's very difficult to choose to take someone other than a regular grunt out."
76561198087086748,Recommended,241930,32969712,Posted: 28 June,all,Jermaphobe,"I purchased this game and the DLC for 4 dollars during the 2017 Steam Summer sale. It's quite possibly the most fun I've had in a single player game in a really, really long time. The combat feels so fluid and the world, which is kind of small compared to similar games, seems pretty alive with stuff going on all over. The nemesis system and warchief stuff is super interesting, attempting to overthrow a warchief by getting his bodyguards on your side and staging an ambush is really gratifying. The little bits of lore scattered throughout the game are pretty fun too for the avid LotR lover.The only drawback for me was that it felt short but that could be because I couldn't stop playing it and beat it in about 35 hours total over 3 days. That's okay though because my wife and child could probably use my help since I haven't checked in with them for some time. Unfortunately for them I started the first DLC today..Pros:Super fluid, rewarding combatNemesis/Warchief system is amazingControls are pretty straightforward (the CTRL button can be remapped to something easier to reach for casual gamers)Open world-ishRPG elements feel really powerful as you acquire them (abilities, upgrades, runes)Cons:A little on the small side map wiseMinor side quests reward mainly lore and achievementsOccasionally you reset the map behind you when you enter a new area making escape difficult early but more interesting later onMy wife has been mad at me for days"
,Recommended,241930,12374726,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,The Bright Lord,My game of the year :)
76561198083907704,Recommended,241930,12626970,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Renegade_197,"Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor has a lot that needs to be complimented for. The graphical design I felt was amazing, the appearance of each enemy varies and has a lot of detail to them, during execution moves the facial expressions of the enemies change also which gives the game a more realistic touch. However there were pros and cons to the game which I'm willing to list:Pros:Amazing upgrade abilities that help a lot during combat.Varied quoting for each Captain/Warchief.Amazing graphical designing.A handful of different characters, not too many, but not too few.A lot of sidequests that focus on each aspect of weaponry.But as much as I'd hate to say there were things in this game that made me go ""meh"" about it.Combat - At times you'll find in combat situations that you keep getting killed straight after recovering from a 'Last Chance Stand' which annoyed me at times and lead me to failing some missions several times.Campaign - The campaign in my opinion was very well written and didn't miss anything vital out within. It also contains slight hints of comedy here and there (Which would be quite unusual seeing that most of Middle Earth is on the verge of collapsing to darkness). The characters that you meet are easy to start liking, to me there was nothing about them that made me take any dislike to them at all. The only thing that I found bad about the campaign was the fact that at times you'd have to run around unlocking spawn towers, killing Captains/Warchiefs and unlocking runes for weapons. I admit I liked these aspects of the game but it took way too long to do these, finding the runes by killing Captains/Warchiefs took me just over 3 hours to get ones that I was happy with. Also another thing about Shadow of Mordor is that I found the campaign to be a little shorter than I expected but made up for it with the environment left for the player to explore, another thing to add is that I found some of the main boss fights to be much easier than I expected, in my mind I was expecting a boss fight that tested your reflexes to the very max but most avoided combat situations which I found rather depressing.Natural Enemies - These can range from one hit killed Ghuls to Caragors and Graugs that will easily rip you apart if caught unaware. Shadow of Mordor offers the chance to ride Caragors into battle which I would recommend doing if you decide to buy this game. They make battling Uruks 10x easier but can get killed very quickly if attention is not paid.With saying all of this I still believe that this game gave me a lot of entertainment, and the pros definately outnumbered the cons. With all this said Shadow of Mordor with no doubt gets positive feedback from me here, it also gives me hope that a sequel to this game will be released in the future with a very gripping cliffhanger ending."
76561198089688973,Recommended,241930,14209917,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,nicowanderer,"Definitely the best lotr game I've ever played, and the Nemesis System I guarantee is going to be the new in-thing that every game dev is going to copy! It's hard going back to other games, now. I've been spoiled by Shadow of Mordor's excellent AI and all the little stories within stories.The game is quite fantastic, but there's a few complaints I felt I should voice:-Graphics- I couldn't tell the difference between low and ultra, apart from a performance difference-Glitches in the controls/parkour system would get me stuck inside walls quite often to where I'd have to restart the mission.-Almost impossibly hard in the beginning, by the end you are godlike so after you finish it there's not much motivation to continue collecting things/doing side missions-Controls seemed sluggish and laggy at timesThe pros, though, definitely outweigh the cons. However, if I could buy it again, I would definitely buy it for a next gen console, not the PC. If you're going to buy it for the PC, make sure you get it on sale, because it's relatively short (I'm at 90% done with only 37ish hours on it) and the controls can be wonky at times.Overall though, if you love lotr you'll probably love this game to pieces. It's an excellent addition to the lore. on a scale of 100, I'd give this game a 85.Review Update: It was so good I bought it again, this time on Xbox One and it performs much much better on the Xbox One, so if you have a PC that isn't top notch, consider getting it on PS4/Xbox One"
,Recommended,241930,32963980,Posted: 28 June,all,|-PaF-| H4ml3t,"I've never been a fan of the Lord of the Rings universe, but this game is very addictive and fun to play. A strong gameplay and with the -80% sale it's so worth it. I can only recommend this game!"
,Recommended,241930,33629109,Posted: 18 July,all,Cacanny,"It's too bad Steam Reviews only have the opportunity to give a thumbs up or thumbs down and there is no difference in between. If there were another kind of rating system I would definitely give this game a better rating than other games I've played and reviewed.I bought this game with the recent Steam Summer sale and I have to say I think I've never bought such an excellent game for such a low price. They even did a free weekend after the Sale to promote the game even more, this was such a smart move on their behalf.CombatAt first you'll need some time to get used to the combat and all of the different combos you can get by upgrading your abilities. You'll get stronger and you'll learn the best way to handle different kind of enemies. In the end you'll be the master of Uruk slaying.It reminded me of the earlier Lord of the Rings game I played when I was younger: The Two Towers. In this game you also needed to try to maintain the highest hit streak possible and use combos in order to be effective in battle.StoryThe story and lore of the game is excellent, it smoothly brings in elements of the time before the Third Age and give you a brief glimps in how Mordor's history and the making of the Ring.The combat is an huge integral part of the whole game though and if you don't like the combat of the game than it's not for you. I have to say though, the combat is very satisfying to perform and to watch at.AchievementsFor achievement hunters this game is great. It provides an array of challenging achievements in the Trial: Test of the Wilds and keeps balance in searching for the collectibles. More than often games tend to hide those things on the map and it takes ages to properly get them.ConclusionIt's too bad the Steam Summer Sale is now over, but even for the full price this game is excellent. If you can get it on discount please consider buying it, it's an excellent game and it'll be worth every penny."
,Recommended,241930,33747092,Posted: 23 July,all,Praxcelis,"Tried Shadow of Mordor when it was released and for whatever reason it didn't really grab me. Solid controls, beautiful graphics, and Middle-earth! But otherwise, it seemed too repetitive. Gave it another go with the Steam Summer 2017 sale. Same game. Loved every minute of it! Maybe I just wasn't in the proper mood 3 years ago. The story is pretty darned good and fits nicely within the tales of Middle-earth. It can be repetitive if you simply wander around. If you follow the story and manipulate the chiefs, the game flows and changes enough to carefully guide those like me that can get bogged down in wandering around and distracted into new purposes and goals that remove the feeling of repetitiveness.At the end I was not ready for the story to be over, but it ended well. I know Shadow of War launch is just months away. I'm hopeful that it will be just as good or better."
76561198297399758,Recommended,241930,33863693,Posted: 28 July,all,KillSwitch,"Just great, great and fluid gameplay. Interactive story lines and playmodes with elements of The Witcher 3 and Assassins creed games."
,Recommended,241930,33742508,Posted: 23 July,all,Papa Alex,Sexy
76561198241513206,Recommended,241930,33745445,Posted: 23 July,all,Snolled,nice game even for non LOTR fans
,Recommended,241930,33750260,Posted: 23 July,all,baselthebeast,"Great game , nice fighting mechanic , Ok story , beatiful graphics , lots of content"
76561198268651555,Recommended,241930,33751856,Posted: 23 July,all,romomaloul,great combat mechanics and skill teirs keep you interested all the way through.great if you love the lore of LOTR
,Recommended,241930,33865221,Posted: 28 July,all,kazz,"The story is somewhat engaging, though to be fair a little thin on the ground. The general environment initially looks just awesome and the nemesis system (in fact the whole idea that the uruk-hai hierarchy changes as various power struggles play out) is quite cool. The combat is basically the same as in the Arkham games, though instead of knocking enemies out you decapitate them or stab them in the head and branches into magic and mind control rather than gadgets.I think the main problem is it holds you hand a little too much. There's no real variety in the combat - and you're either taking on a relatively small number of easily one shottable monsters or you're fighting an endless hoard.  The captains also fall into one of three categories - can be stealthed/ranged, need pummeling and lastly have so many immunities they will annoy the hell out of you. The story is fairly scarce and the side missions/collectibles are all rather repetative and all clearly marked on the so rather than discovering stuff or exploring to find/interact with stuff you just follow the markers and do the same stuff over and over.With the Arkham games I wanted to explore and find stuff and poke my nose into every nook and cranny but with this, I just followed the markers and didn't really feel like there was much point in continuing once the storyline was done.Having said that there is still plenty to do before you become terminally bored and the game is frequently on sale. The weapon side quests are at least vaguely unique and the nemesis system is definitely something to play with a bit. It's not that it's a bad game, it's more that it feel like it holds a huge amount of promise and then it squanders it when it could have been so much better."
,Recommended,241930,33861360,Posted: 28 July,all,Kuivizhnieks,"Middle-earth™: Shadow of Mordor™ is a great game. The Nemesis system makes every replay unique and interesting. The story was a bit short and boss fights were too simple, but generally it was a good experience with a lot of collectibles to find and uruks to kill and dominate. I hope that Middle-earth™: Shadow of War™ will improve the experience in multiple ways. Definetely a recommendation for everyone who likes open world action games."
76561198147037368,Recommended,241930,33864471,Posted: 28 July,all,jvnsparky,Fantastic! Loved this game!
,Recommended,241930,24629762,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,TheCrasher92,"This game is amazing. Before I realized, hours passed and I was still leveling up the Gravewalker. Power ups are spectacularly brutal. The best moment for me is, when in combat, you're surrounded by a swarm of Uruks, almost dying, but in the end there you are, the only one standing. It's a great sense of satisfaction when you had a frustrating day at work, you just come home and relax with this game.The actors performance, voice and animations in this game are superb. But what really sold me was the soundtrack, it gives a lot of memorable moments during combat and the fact that the enemies have such unique personalities, either you're killed by them or you kill them they always have something unique to say to you. I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves a good third-person hack-and-slash kind of game."
,Recommended,241930,34160783,Posted: 10 August,all,TaknLiv3s,LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198103912170,Recommended,241930,33100185,Posted: 1 July,all,Eeveening,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor.. What to say about this that hasn't already been said?I'll get down to it as fast as I can.-Pros*Astonishingly beautiful scenery*Combat feels amazing and fair*Everything feels smooth*Stealth feels right, not too hard on the player, but not easy.*Many different mechanics to take advantage of*DLC wih fun mechanics to take even more advantage of*DLC doesn't interfere with the main game at all*Everything just feels right.-Cons*Not incredibly long of a game*Warchief system gets boring after a bit*Some things you're only taught for the purpose of story missions and can't take advantage of it in the actual game.*Hoped some DLC parts would be placed in the main game (Like Caragaths from Torvin's DLC)*Quite a few things felt uneccessaryAlright, now that that's out of the way, I'll describe some other things that I loved with it.My computer isn't the best, I ran the game on 30 fps on the lowest resolution available (264x184 I believe). Now yes, that may look terrible, but this game isn't meant to run on low-tier computers normally, so I was impressed I was even able to play through all of it, which is a definite upvote from me. Especially since if you have a monster of a PC, you can easily run it on settings like 1920x1080p which will make the game look astonishingly beautiful. I was just absolutely impressed with how optimized it was to even LET ME PLAY IT!! And this game, with that, is a beautiful gem. Sure it has its setbacks, I honestly was hoping for at least a 3rd city to explore in the main game, but I'm far from angry, I am purely satisfied with this game. Especially since I got it on sale, but now knowing this experience, if I had the money, I would happily buy it at the full price.Do I highly recommend this game? No, I think if you don't have this game, you should be captured by Uruks as a slave. This game isn't just highly recommended from me, this game is a must-have, and I will hate you for eternities if you don't have it. (I'm joking a little bit in that statement, but yes, I highly recommend this game to everyone who can get it. If I was able to run it on a terrible PC, you can too.)"
,Recommended,241930,34181204,Posted: 11 August,all,Матамир Путин,good game.  i want brand.  it looks cool.
,Recommended,241930,17328781,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,akira nr. 28,"Blew my mind, simple hack and slay with a delicious side of somewhat LOTR"
76561198052189407,Recommended,241930,34192000,Posted: 12 August,all,Vector Diagrams,amazing and expansive world to explore must try
,Recommended,241930,32658279,Posted: 22 June,all,I got a bone to pick with you,so much fun buy it
,Recommended,241930,24241561,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Darion,10/10 would take Sauron's army as my own again
,Recommended,241930,33142081,Posted: 2 July,all,Wylujany,"OK, I got the game for 3.99 on sale. I 100% the base game and the DLC in 3 days.STORYYou are a ranger named Talion and you want revenge. The story is really simple.WORLDThe game features 2 maps in which you can freeroam and do missions.GAMEPLAYThroughout most of the game you will be running, fighting or sneaking.Running in the world feels really smooth and satisfying, but there is also fast travel if you really value your time.The combat REALLY resembles the Batman Arkham series with counters, hit streaks and special moves. But I has the one thing that the Batman games were missing - killing.In this game you stab, cut throats, chop of heads even blow them up!The sneaking is really easy even if there are a lot of enemies in the area, thats good.MISSIONS AND COLLECTIBLESThe game features 20 main missions. There are a lot of side missions which require you to do a lot of the same things like ""kill 7 uruks with headshots"", ""kill 5 uruks while mounting a caragos"". They sound boring, but somehow I really wanted to do them to get that sweet EXP.DLCYou get 2 story DLC - Lord of the hunt and The Bright Lord.Lord of the Hunt adds 2 new monster types with new abilites which are basically reskins of 2 other monsters from the base game. Main story is about killing Beast masters, so the thing you did in the base game, kill things.The Bright Lord features controlling uruks and you main enemy is Sauron himself. You get access to the ring to help you kill things. For me it was the hardest dlc because the amount of enemies in some areas.FINAL THOUGHTSI woud not buy the game for full price. But I really enjoyed what i got for my 3.99 so I recommend you also get it for a lower price."
,Recommended,241930,34274441,Posted: 16 August,all,Tendou Karen,Great Gameplay;Nice Story;Many Orcs;Recommended to try and see for yourself8/10
,Recommended,241930,34269781,Posted: 15 August,all,Thulo T.,Bought the game as well as all the DLSs for 3.99. Soooo worth it.
76561197968104436,Recommended,241930,34050168,Posted: 5 August,all,Guerrilla,"Picked it up (plus DLC) for cheap on the steam sale. It's well worth the $4 i paid. (haven't played the DLC yet but will soon)Pros:The Animations are excellant (so many cool animations for fighting, climbing, finishing enemies etc)The combat systemKilling UruksThe ability unlocks (the wraith powers are especially fun)The Nemsis SystemSide Quests were varied (at first)The legendary powers/weapons are fun.Cons:Although it started in a cliche way, I enjoyed the core idea of the story. BUT it got convoluted, confused and stupid by the end, they should have kept it much simpler.Talion got annoying (maybe just me but i didnt like his face) I just changed his appearance with one of the DLC characters.Side quests got repetitive by the end.I got overpowered quickly, the legendary weapons/powers are especially overpowered.Final Thought:A fun game I would recommend at sale price, don't take the story too seriously (you can skip all the cutscenes with escape). Don't get too wrapped up in doing the side quests at first, I suggest playing the main missions and when you see an unlock you want grind out some side quests to afford it. And remember to try and behead the Uruks if you want to kill them permenantly otherwise there is a chance they can come back with battle scars and a grudge against you.***Spoilers***It's like the idea for the story was solid but they kept adding in plot twists and extra characters that made it too complex. Talion was basically schizophrenic by the end, one of the final cutscenes had Talion hearing about 5 different characters voices in his head.At first I went and cleared all of the side missions before moving onto the second map. By that time I had unlocked almost all the abilities and bought most of the weapon upgrades before even being able to command and control (brand) the Uruks. One of the final battles was so easy I used the legendary bow power to spam fire arrows and then used shadow strike to kill all the warchiefs, it was all over in about 1 minute."
76561198008160341,Recommended,241930,34299882,Posted: 16 August,all,Kilaz,fun little bit repetitive but a good game all around
,Recommended,241930,29865245,Posted: 11 February,all,HotlineBird,"Beautiful game. The graphics are great and it's just very pleasant to walk around Mordor.Combat is fun. Unlockable abilities make it less monotonous than it could be otherwise.The storyline isn't that important... It's a fine story, so there's no problem with needing to pursue the main quests to unlock more abilities, but the story itself doesn't motivate me to play the game.Highly recommend, definitely worth $10 when on sale, but the $20 normal price is well worth it.Edit: I've continued the game and am almost done with the story and then will go on to the DLC. This game is amazing. It's everything about a fighting and stealth game I want assassin's creed to be and is actually an engaging story, to contradict my previous post."
,Recommended,241930,13669777,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,thewwwyzzerdd,"this game takes all the best things about assasin's creed and the batman arkham games and wraps it in a surprisingly respectful LotR setting. I am loving the nemesis system and just how alive the setting feels. Every time I leap down from the tower I cant wait to see what patrols, captains, or other fell creatures im going to encounter. Its even fun to die in this game... since your death effects the hierarchy of the orcs leading  a lowly orc who got the killing blow to becoming a captain. This doesnt just make the game more alive feeling, but also makes the fights more personal and ups the rewards for kills etc.Stealth is fun, finishers are satisfying, character ability progression is deep, the nemesis system is groundbreaking! I seriously cant recommend this game enough."
76561198110606801,Recommended,241930,28621851,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,CL4P_TW4T,Great storyline and achievements making you come back for more. Definitely recommend the DLCs for this.
,Recommended,241930,34543693,Posted: 27 August,all,I Just Like to Watch You Guys,"I don't know what a Mordor is, or where Middle-earth is, but this game is fun."
,Recommended,241930,12700012,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Bokor,"The ""nemesis system"" turns an Arkham City style open-world game into an epic quest for vengeance."
,Recommended,241930,12363938,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Goose,Great looking game. Good use of stealth and the combat system is neat. Worth picking up.
76561198179191851,Recommended,241930,34490158,Posted: 25 August,all,white wolf,greta game
76561198096329202,Recommended,241930,15530113,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,shepard24601,"9.5/10If you are a Lord of the Rings fan and in any way shape or form like RPGs then this game is a must for you. The best way to describe this game is that it is Batman meets Skyrim meets LOTR. The lore is fantastic, the combat is similar to batman, but with swords, and the open world feels fun and unique.PROS+++The nemesis system is unique and fun to play and adds to the game in differing ways.+Graphics++Story+++Details+++True to LOTR lore++Fast ""Fast Travel"" load times+++++++Story told through main quests, side quests, and appendix entries (seriously RPG lovers dream right here)CONScant think of many but here are some nit picky things-small open world-some story lines somewhat unfinishedTL;DRThis game is fantastic. Great combat, story, and gameplay. If you are a LOTR fan it is a must and even if not this is a game worth playing for the gameplay alone!"
76561198036824635,Recommended,241930,24640868,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Crafty_fire,Good game but i accidently entered an incorrect age and now cant create a WB account
,Recommended,241930,12343448,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Duncan,"Amazing hours of fun. I wish the story was longer. The powers are very fun, the combat is easy. 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,24721135,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,AllDayGamer217,Just get this game if you love cutting things up! It's so much fun I don't regret buying it for a second. So much fun! So what are you doing still reading this review?! JUST BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,241930,29109870,Posted: 8 January,all,im genuinely suicidal,its like assassins creed but fun and with ogres.
,Recommended,241930,33506800,Posted: 13 July,all,V2,"Hello , lets don't waste time and jump to the pros and cons:pros:-amazing open world , you are free to go anywhere you want.-amazing combat , you enjoy each of your kills and when you revenge the nasty orcs who killed you, you feel REALLY satisfied !-Good story mode However i will mention the negative part of it-different game modes , which has made this game exclusive ... if you are bored with a style, then play the other gamemodes too.-good graphics and modelings-good musics and audios-i haven't encountered any bugs till now, just finished the story mode and also elf gamemode without facing any glitchcons:-very short story , even though the game highlighted my progress is 50 percent , i have done all missions and there are only side missions available , so the main part is already finished in less than 20 hours.-you may get bored after playing for a while, the game has tried to maximize the fun but after sometimes you may feel bored especially if you are always looking for something new.totally 8/10 , recommended and worths playing, no matter on sale or not."
,Recommended,241930,33601971,Posted: 16 July,all,Views,"So i encountered an uruk named Feldush the stupid and he seemed he would be really easy to kill.Well he pretty much♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me in our first encounter. he constantly appears out of nowhere and screams ""JELLYBEANS"" despite me bering able to kill hundreds of other captains i still have not been able to kill Feldush and i can truly emphasize the dush part."
,Recommended,241930,12322184,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,berwyn,"An ordinary, if well done, open world action game in the style of Batman's Arkham series and Assassin's Creed, but brought into the spotlight by the amazing nemesis system, where orcs have personalities, remember you and the actions you've taken against them, and grow stronger based on your actions. A truly excellent game!"
76561198167261470,Recommended,241930,33393523,Posted: 8 July,all,✪TraumaTize,"10/10would totally recommend, epic game play"
,Recommended,241930,14822313,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Ratbag,"POSITIVE:+NEMESIS SYSTEM+World design is great+Excellent combat and violence+Stealth+Branding+Makes you feel part of the universe+Flashbacks to Sauron+Game is beautiful+Upgrades+Voice acting+Photo Mode is a good additionNEGATIVE:-Lazy story and writing-Key parts of the game are locked to later-Occasionally rough animations-Unclimactic endingOVERALL: Phenomenal action game, had great fun. 9/10"
76561198023886898,Recommended,241930,12319353,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Xexar,Assassins Creed meets LOTR. 11/10
76561198115743881,Recommended,241930,12320778,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Blvck,Amazing pure bliss to play runs ultra smooth on highest settings gameplay is unlike anything ive ever played before literally in love FINALLY LOTR is returning to the gaming scene
,Recommended,241930,33353714,Posted: 7 July,all,SgtPeppersSoul,"I cannot possibly recommend this game enough. The nemesis system alone is worthwhile. The combat is fluid and engaging without being ridiculously difficult or too easy, the story is well done and it all adds up to a worthwhile experience, even at full price."
,Recommended,241930,34154019,Posted: 10 August,all,stasikg2,"Pros:- Gameplay is pretty simple and polished.- Graphics is beautiful.- Combat system and finishes are great ( assassinations , excutions ).- Open World.Cons:- Storyline isn't polished enough, pretty simple and straighforward.- Sidequests are pretty much none existed.- The army of NONE STOP uruks in every stronghold is pretty much annoying.- Short game.- The ""BIG"" bosses are too easy and not challenging enough.I rate this game -   6.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,241930,21077434,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Piercest,perfect story perfect combat and really good movement. you can't just get bored when you are playing this game.
,Recommended,241930,33208507,Posted: 3 July,all,Senyor DootNoots,"""We both want to kill each other so one of us will be dead... And I think it will be me."" - Horhog the Bloated, 2015.﻿"
,Recommended,241930,33882452,Posted: 29 July,all,[a fucking silencer],"It's like Batman but you can actually get rid of your problems instead of locking them up. VERY enjoyable gameplay once you get the hang of it. DLCs are a joke to be honest but I guess someone out there wanted to buy runes that you'll get sooner or later in the game if you just play it but oh well.Pick the GOTY edition when there's a good dicount, the DLCs are not really worth the full price but the main game sure is."
76561198011025006,Recommended,241930,12357265,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,SgtKurita,"Good:1.  Excellent involved storyline with interesting side quests.2.  Multiple and varied ways to utterly destroy orcs by the hordes.3.  Victores and defeats matter in the larger scheme of things.4.  ""Open"" world atmosphere allows one to take multiple avenues to complete objectives.5.  Voice dialogue,  terrain detail, orc armor/weapon variety, all compliment gameplay and immersion.6.  Getting revenge on the Orc that killed you, just makes for a more intense and satisfying xperience.7.  Riding the beasts is just awesome carnage fun.8.  Combat skill moves are just plain fun and satisfying.Bad:1.  Keys are VERY frustrating and often do not work as intended.  Due multiple move assignment on  a single key, OFTEN the game picks and chooses which of the moves IT WANTS TO DO instead of the move YOU intended...results are often death.Overall:   7/10 - C+ (drop 2 pts due to key horrid key bindings)If you are a fan of The Lord of the Rings then this game is a most worthy purchase.  Orc personalities, interplay, and conflicts gives one a sense accomplishment when they are finally hunted down and defeated.  Gave me a feeling of actually helping to defeat Sauron and his minions."
76561198139031880,Recommended,241930,33987046,Posted: 3 August,all,NUTJOB,"Got the game during the summer sale for a steal.1) Combat:-The combat of Middle Earth Shadow of Mordor feels like a few of previous WB games (i.e Batman) with the chain series attacks and execution finishers with 8x hits but it just dosent get boring even after 10hrs of constant fighting.2) Enemy AI:-The AI in this game is the only downside for me, the enemies are so blind that you could run at them straight for 100feet and they still wont notice you.3) Story:-The story of the game is put in front of you really straight forwardly, you basically get to know the whole story within 30 mins of gameplay.4) Lore:-You get to know about the Lore of LoTR by reading the character descriptions you get in your appendice, it is pretty well written and adds to the feeling of Mordor and its foes.Final Verdict:-The game is a solid 9/10 with fun combat, a world with plenty of stuff to do and a decent story. Although the enemy AI could've been better."
,Recommended,241930,34320046,Posted: 17 August,all,Sue_xee,"Fairly short story, repetitive tasks and perfunctory ending.Could be a great game with some extension that includes more goodlook scenery of middle earth I guess, got fed up with all the dusty rocks.The price is very reasonable now and I bought it when it was on sale. A tiny little relaxing experience."
,Recommended,241930,33959224,Posted: 1 August,all,JohnsonsDoge29,"This game is really really good!I'm in love with Tolkiens Middle Earth Universe, so this game is just my kind of thing!I have played casually and after around 40 hours i 100% the main campaign!The combat is fluent and smooth. and you get a lot of satisfaction when Talion cuts off an orc's head, it looks really awesome!The graphics are also really good and the game looks beautiful.Some of the Missions/Quests can be a bit repetitive, but you get to kill orcs, so it's all good.8/10- My best purchase of the 2017 Steam Summer Sale!"
76561198125092906,Recommended,241930,29039239,Posted: 5 January,all,Shogun将軍,"FANTASTIC GAME, i loved, beautyful made, the fighting style mekaniks/controls minds of them in the ""batman arckham""-series, but its just amazing to dive back into the universe again with this game"
76561198207976107,Recommended,241930,29143324,Posted: 9 January,all,matticus64,"Lots of fun, even though the game is a little older now. The commander system is pretty fun once you get it figured out."
76561198165495036,Recommended,241930,29106451,Posted: 7 January,all,Distock15,the history of this game is very good and the optimization is incredibleMy calification is 9/10Buy this game of course
76561198271861300,Recommended,241930,34391367,Posted: 21 August,all,YaCheekyRacoon,dope
76561198075888805,Recommended,241930,32771522,Posted: 25 June,all,Arrakeen,I ordered this game two days ago.My spec is i5 7600 and 1060gtx.I`m having average 70fps.I can tell you that im not gonna  leave the computer unless finish the story.Graphs are nice and combats are awesome.No rush and just enjoy the time... I give 8.5 / 10.
,Recommended,241930,34275783,Posted: 16 August,all,SerWarden,"Great fun, for a great value.  I wish Dynasty Warriors was more like this."
,Recommended,241930,29321347,Posted: 17 January,all,soullessman,one dose not Simply walk into mordor [i wander if this has been commented befor :)]
76561198345569146,Recommended,241930,33356718,Posted: 7 July,all,TheJerBear,"This game has lots of unique mechanics, which is why I find it so fun to play. The system allows enemies to gain in strength when they defeat you, and this caused me to rage-quit a couple times, but once I got better at controlling my character I loved running around stealth-assassinating Uruks. Well worth the time once you get past the first couple bosses that come at you!"
,Recommended,241930,33356798,Posted: 7 July,all,Lunu,They copied (took inspiration) assassins creed origin from this game.
,Recommended,241930,34356673,Posted: 19 August,all,SATANUS | TGORO,"Lovely game, great story and everything looks so cool"
,Recommended,241930,32378965,Posted: 12 June,all,iamSHlTbasterd,"I have never had as much Orc slaying fun as I have with Shadow of Mordor.It's an open world slasher with amazing combat.I have nothing bad to say about this game other than the sheer magnitude of getting to the final level made the last challenge a little limp... basically the same reaction as the Mad Max game, but the journey far outweighs the destination.Can't wait for the sequel."
76561198164155798,Recommended,241930,32373280,Posted: 12 June,all,IAMHOBBIT77,Awesome game that makes you feel like a part of middle earth. Can't wait for Shadow of War.
,Recommended,241930,32105740,Posted: 1 June,all,Captain Peanut,"Assassin's Creed mechanics set in the realm of Mordor.  As well as tons of abilities to unlock to make you super over powered in combat, when you could also kill most all eneimes with stealth with no issue.  Can end up being challenging when Uruks start to overwhelm you.  Really fun and enjoyable experience, if you enjoyed any Assassin's Creed games."
76561198088771643,Recommended,241930,24380832,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ÜBER,"This is like an AC game, with the exception that this is ♥♥♥♥ING BEAST! (+you can actually play the game.) The base game gives around 30 hours of gameplay to complete all the challenges + story. (Sick plot twist bro at the end of campaign.) The game is very responsive, tonnes of fun and slightly perv uruks. What more do you want? Lord of the hunt DLC is also very fun. (Torvinn might be the best part of this game.)  It brings new beasts and also the ability to brand Ghuls. (Seeing ghuls killing a Graug is very satisfying!) Although shorter campaign Torvinn is overall.. Himself. And lastly we have Lord of light, around 2-3 hours of gameplay including side missions. you play as the elf lord Celebrimbor, and you fight sauron. GET THIS! This is probably one of my favorite Lotr games, its probably in the top 5.TL;DR Its worth the money so get it. Dlc's are also fun.(note that i played this offline too)"
76561198054666835,Recommended,241930,14510213,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jdvw8980,"great game,"
,Recommended,241930,14548673,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,topwolf1000,this game is amazing!
,Recommended,241930,14553984,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,NicWitch,"I cannot get enough of this game.  I love the entire world of Middle Earth.  With this unique story line, I get to disrupt Sauron's Army!  The game play style is immursive and the back and forth taunting is hillarious."
76561198103954921,Recommended,241930,14605426,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,astorml,The nemisis system is the best thing to happen to gaming ever
76561197965866567,Recommended,241930,14617273,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Bishop,Amazing game! 40+ hours of content
,Recommended,241930,14644908,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BorderLancer,"This is movie based game done right, not adapting the movie story, but making your own in that universe. I loved meeting Golum/Smeagle in that game."
,Recommended,241930,14288169,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,De_Toong,FANTASTICALLY MAGICAL!!!!
76561197990885083,Recommended,241930,14288739,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,DiscoReViVaL,Great game but too short (even if you do all side-quests). For me there isn't much replay value after finishing the main story. Enjoyed it while it lasted.
,Recommended,241930,14297840,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Light Yagami,"Was just like damn. Very arkam asylum-esk, but fantasticly fun. Would have liked to see a better ending, but eh.""This uruk's been killed!"" ""Find the killer, that filthy tark!"". 10 seconds later: ""He's probably already gone, I'm giving up searching"""
76561198170849478,Recommended,241930,14322302,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mr.Awesome_TX,Amazing and very addicting game to play..
,Recommended,241930,14506346,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,DanP1337,This game is a very fun. However I feel the  developers should have found a better way to increase the challenge of the game rather than just throw a lot of orcs on you to fight. Still reccommended though.
,Recommended,241930,14536860,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,mygranpaeatsmyass,-Detailed World-Nemesis System-Play if you enjoy:+brutal murder of Uruks
76561198092246283,Recommended,241930,14664350,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,NickCrompton,10/10 nuff said
,Recommended,241930,12934674,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Asiris,"Shadow of Mordor is a very good game. I really enjoyed playing it. The story is interesting, but unfortunately not great. But combat and nemesis system is very enjoyable and fun to play.Since I pre-ordered it last minute I had many fears about the game, but fortunately wasn't disappointed. Which tells something when you get mostly broken games on the release."
76561198056795589,Recommended,241930,34631146,Posted: 31 August,all,kkl4261,"I play this game because it got quite a lot of good reviews. Here are same of my thought on the game:+Combat is brutal and control is easy and smooth so it's suitable for causal gamers+Climbing and running animations have momentum.+Allow stealth+Customizable weapons and character skills+The atmosphere is dark and intense+Tons of side quests, collectibles+Combat with different mini bosses requires strategies as each have different characteristics (For example, some can be killed by stealth or arrows. Some gets stronger as their HP goes down. Some can be killed by animals. etc.)+Great voice acting-Repetitive gameplay. Most enemies have no back stories and after a few hours killing becomes a boring routine. The only changes are the ways you kill them.-Boring story and characters-World feels empty despite the huge amount of quests. Most areas feel the same, with orc outposts and human slaves. Even the quests are just some ""Kill x amount of enemies"", ""Kill target without being seen"". You cannot interact with the world other than killing-Button-smashing is enough to deal with most combats.Conclusion:The game may seem fun in the first few hours. But as you grow familiar to the world of Shadow of Mordor, it feels rather empty and boring. It has some innovative design like the Nemesis system and the strategic fighting with bosses. However, the story and especially the mission design needs polish as it is repetitive. Shadow of Mordor isn't bad but it needs serious improvement in some aspect. I would recommend the game to casual gamers who play to kill time."
76561198031235256,Recommended,241930,33388879,Posted: 8 July,all,scott1,I truly enjoy this game. I only bought it during the steam summer sale and am now just getting around to playing it. I truly love the nemeisis system they have implimented in to the game. It's worth a try I think any one who is a fan of action adventure or the lord of the rings universe will enjoy it.
76561198163920812,Recommended,241930,34640184,Posted: 31 August,all,Heka Necrosis,Awesome Game!Can't wait for Shadow of War!
76561198253031664,Recommended,241930,23711580,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,SirSkull41,"The Good-Awesome combat system:-looks amazing-awesome gory finishers-You can blow up heads-crazy powers unlocked at the end-Follows what tolkien wrote well.-Lots of references to minutae from the books the makes the Tolkinerd inside jump for joy-Nemesis System is Awesome-Captains and Warchiefs can come back from the Dead, with injuries relating to how you killed them in your last fight-You can influence the way that a captains career progresses to make an uber powerful warchief to take command ofSaurons Army-Awesome Monsters-FLIPPING GRAUGS MAN. nuf said. Buy the game, ride a giant troll monster that eats uruk warchiefs like it's nothing.-ride a caragor (caragor is tolkien-ese for large spikey middle earth lion) also eats uruks-Awesome DLC-Lord of the Hunt-Fight Warchiefs who control ghuls as well as caragor and Graug subspecies-The Bright Master-Use the one ring against Sauron. The boss battle in this alone make up for the two crap ones in the main gameThe Bad-There are three major boss battles in the main storyline the fisrt one is fairly good, the second one is real bad, the final boss battle will sodomize your love of the game with a porcupine."
,Recommended,241930,33470472,Posted: 11 July,all,HRPrime,"I 100% completed this game in 40 hours (42 counting 2 hours of leaving the game on).This review is also covering all the DLC too.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=959683873http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=973475640http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=973763504This game is like a mashed up Batman Arkham Game and a Assassins Creed game... And I love it so much. It may take a bit to get used to the mechanics and you might find yourself dying a ton near the start since you might not understand how everying works. But wait it out and you'll find a combat type you might love and then you'll learn how it works.Completionisting is very slow to start but picks up in the middle... and then slows at the end. Many achievements are simple and just require you to do simple things or progress the story or do everything there is to offer. The last three achievements, the hardest ones, require spending hours of perfecting to complete. It is not unfair, through.I would recommend the base game (takes ~24 hours to 100%) at any prices. The DLC I might wait until a sale but it's still worth it if you chose otherwise."
,Recommended,241930,13670072,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pinkleton,10/10 would play again
76561198111571067,Recommended,241930,34725827,Posted: 3 September,all,Arm0RKnife csgo-skins.com,Nice game
,Recommended,241930,34713148,Posted: 3 September,all,☪ GhØst,"If you're a fan of LOTR and Assassin's Creed get this game. Somewhat tedious at times, but overall I had a lot of fun with it."
,Recommended,241930,33295073,Posted: 5 July,all,UltimationRogue,"Shadow of Mordor is a fantastic game, but I think it's more along the lines of a proof-of-concept rather than your average AAA game with lots of content.It demonstrates the Nemesis system which is definitely something I've never seen in a game before, and it works really well in this game, but that's mostly all it has to boast. Story is not lore-friendly and it's sort of amateur, combat system is nice, graphics aren't up-to-date at all really, and the movement is basically ripped from Assassin's Creed.Still, I love this game to death and I'mhopingShadow of War will be its successor, and less of a proof-of-concept game and more of a real AAA game."
,Recommended,241930,25574562,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Chupachu,"At first, I thought this game was going to be terrible.  The mouse acceleration is bad, the keyboard mapping is awkward, and the pause menu looked strangely mediocre.  However, once I started playing, I rebound some keys, got used to the acceleration, and discovered some warchiefs, the game got exponentially better.  When you start the game, the main menu has an animationless t-pose uruk, which looks terrible.  After you discover one of these warchiefs, however, they take the place of the pitch black t-pose uruk.  And I must say, this game is tons of fun even with a keyboard and mouse.  However, it is very difficult, and lacks different difficulty options, but I think this is for the better after playing through for a while.  You should definitely pick this game up.  I purchased it for $7.49 and it was WELL worth it.  Do yourself a favor and buy it before the sale ends.  And when you get to the second zone, you'll be in for the greatest feature ever.  You'll see what it is, but trust me, it's amazing."
,Recommended,241930,18811950,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,h1,where is frodo 11/10 best game troy baker :)
76561198039401451,Recommended,241930,22144285,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lord Jacob,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is a pretty cool game. I quite like LOTR lore and this satisfied my thirst for it. The nemesis and captain system is really cool, and the open world that the des created is legit too. Often I would find myself just wandering around Mordor, hunting down captains and branding them.Pros:- Nemesis system that will most likely impress you. It works really well.- Open world that is a lot of fun to just mess around in.- You can ride a freaking graug.- You can brand enemies and make them your personal minions. I would make them fight their long-loved childhood friends. Hehe.- Plenty of unique challenges to forge the legends of your weapons.Cons:- The climbing/parkour is very, very similar to the AC series.- The main story is nice until you get up to the end, which I thought was a little disappointing.- Stealth system needs some improvement. Once again, it's a lot like the system in AC, but the Uruk-hai are quite deaf and blind in this.This is a good game. 10/10 would possess ""innocent"" uruk and make them kill their friends and betray the dark lord, which goes against all their beliefs."
,Recommended,241930,12385020,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Royce,"Was considering the game last September. Didn't managed to pre-order but as time passes by, I decided to buy it's digital download. To my amaze, the game and storyline has been very good. Splendid. Excellent masterpiece of LOTR series! It's a standalone that does not relate to the original story but it still links to Sauron of the Black Hand. 10/10 for it's brilliant gameplay and challenges put for us gamers. You are able to avenge your friends as their names pop-up once in a while making it pretty much asynchronous multiplayer experience at hand!Also not to forget, consider the Season Pass if the gameplay does not bores you for long term playing. All hail Talion and Celebrimbor."
,Recommended,241930,32971422,Posted: 28 June,all,Hero of Soc. Labor,"All DLCs?HD texture pacK?Best 4 dollars I've ever spent, besides that one time in Thailand..."
76561198019304723,Recommended,241930,32873746,Posted: 27 June,all,Zymosis,"Yep, this is a master piece"
76561198047268867,Recommended,241930,20744966,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,PizzaJab,"This game is absolutely fantastic, the batman combat mechanics are really well done, but there's nothing more disapointing than the ending to the main story of this game. Other than that, it's an amazing game, and you will find yourself spending hours playing this game non stop sitting in front of your pc."
76561198027951509,Recommended,241930,30409918,Posted: 9 March,all,Aki,Amazing game whether you enjoy the Lord of the Rings Trilogy or not.The expansion packs are okay.  Just more of the good things in the game.
,Recommended,241930,30411698,Posted: 9 March,all,Richard,"Great game, really fun. Buy it."
,Recommended,241930,23897506,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kiyama,hard game but fun
76561198128003498,Recommended,241930,23899134,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,JayGamesYay,"After doing a normal relaxed playthrough, then redoing the story for a 100% complete playthrough I can safely say it was worth every second. I know this game has been released for a very long time, but it has lost nothing through the improvements that come with time. Amazingly fun, fast paced and satisfying game 11/10 would lose my life again"
,Recommended,241930,33317746,Posted: 6 July,all,PoeyJoey,"Amazing game with amazing gameplay. You can choose to be stealthy if you want to or you can run in slashing and slicing left and right. Even if you don't understand the story, it's still super fun to run around killing orcs.But the best part in my opinion would be the Nemesis System. As you play the game the Nemesis System keeps track of the orcs you fight. It keeps track of when you kill orcs, when orcs run away from you, when you run away from orcs, and, of course, when you get killed by an orc. The more you interact with any one orc, the more likely they'll become your nemesis. Once your nemesis reaches a certain ""nemesis level"" they'll start to appear more often and will reappear even if you kill them creating your own personal story between you and your nemesis that no one other than you experiences. Everyone's nemesis is different and how that nemesis interacts with you depends on how you've interacted with them previously.tldr: The Nemesis System is the greatest thing about this game on top of the already great gameplay. Highly recommend it."
76561198061376160,Recommended,241930,23605183,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Unholysinz,good game
,Recommended,241930,12530250,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,aeolus,Excellent game!
76561198308185775,Recommended,241930,34892852,Posted: 11 September,all,NukaCola3D,Ok this game is fantastic! I highly recommend it! Shadow of Mordor adds a great look on expanded lore (even though it's not technically canon). I'm super excited for the new sequel and I hope it's even better than the last!
76561198041879613,Recommended,241930,35058177,Posted: 18 September,all,viewsonicg,"There must have been a pretty intense sale while I was drunk, but it turned out to be a good decision. There are few games I enjoy playing that aren't remotely challenging, but this game is a AAA casual title. The Nemesis system, where the enemy army is replenished of officers by killing you, is pretty funny."
76561197996764003,Recommended,241930,35010596,Posted: 16 September,all,elandy,"Great battle mechanics and smooth animations. The story is very good too. The open world adds some replayability. Overall, great game."
,Recommended,241930,33619176,Posted: 17 July,all,donequis,"This game is really intriguing. It's a title in the Tolkien universe that actually isn't a horrible mess. Quite the contrary, it's really fun to play. I did totally not expect this when I picked it up, but to my surprise I can say that WB Games actually delivered here.But first thing's first: The story. It's enjoyable. It isn't super deep, but it is enjoyable enough to keep youj playing. Good enough for the gameplay at least.The gameplay. This is where Shadow of Mordor really does shine, It's got a bit of an Assassin's Creed vibe to it, but it's not a complete rip-off and plays a lot more fast paced, more combat oriented and a bit less sneaky (stealth is nevertheless a very viable option here, though). The way the skill system works is, although simple, well tailored, as it keeps you going for the basically endless amount of side-missions that are presented to you in form of mini-bosses all around the map.But where it really shines, is the nemesis-system. Whether you win or loose doesn't seem to matter much at first, but it does. You do have an impact, mostly on how hard the game presents itself, depending on your playstyle.As for the open world aspects, they're done pretty good. Some rough edges where climbing isn't possible or where you can't land a jump as you'd like, but overall the leveldesign is good. And the neat thing here is again, that the world reacts to you. Albeit just a little detail, Orcs will talk to each other about the actions of the protagonist.As for sound, this isn't the best, but in the overall concept, the voice acting and the general sound design does work good enough for you not to worry too much about it.And then there's graphics. Not much to say, they're good but not great. But absolutely fine for a 2014 title.So, buy this? I would say pretty much yeah. This is good fun. It's grindy, but in a good way. Grinding isn't an annoiance required to progress, but actually the fun. Slaying orcs in masses is enjoyable, so is getting a well timed combo series of hundreds of perfect hits, The only reason I could see why you would not like this, is if you don't like stealth-action-games, the Lord of the Rings series or if you overall prefer story over gameplay. But other than that, by all means, get it, if not for the full price, then definitely for the very low price of the frequent sales.Update: I ""finished"" it. Well, if you can call it that. The story was good. The DLCs were good. And now I'm presented with an endless mode, which isn't bad either. This was very much worth the money, and I'm looking forward for the next Shadow of Mordor title."
76561198132070338,Recommended,241930,25941985,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,|Kurze|,"I'm a big fan of The Lord Of The Rings and anything related to that, and i love this game's idea to not use the same story like in the movies, but is still one of the greatest games of all time in my opinion. Still the story can be put to the Middle-Earth timeline. The story takes you in instantly and you can just lean back and watch. The fighting techniques and the skill trees are my favorite aspects in the game apart from the story. The only thing this game falls short is that it is quite short. I would have loved to see more of this game. Waiting for a sequal. Thumbs up!!"
76561197974127850,Recommended,241930,20029053,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lexe,"Pro:+ The orcs are so real and unique+ Special enemy ranking system+ You are in MORRDORRR, the place where evil respawns+ Very dark and gruesome general atmosphere+ Great combat system that doesn't grow boring. Alot of random violent animations keep this game going.+ Good ingame video tutorial for combo attacks, no need for wiki visits+ Good ingame help in case you're lost the game will hint you what to do next.+ Open world, go where you want, do what you want.Con:- The orcs don't technically die. They die and before you made your mind up where to go next, the orcs have been replaced by seemingly random orcs walking into the scene. You can't clear the map so to speak, you just can't. This replacement is smooth and almost unnoticeable.- The camera has a mind of its own and feels unresponsive at times- Some combat systems can be abused too easily. You can run around the block and jump attack until the captain is dead for example.- The ghost tower is not a ghost, it's just plain white. Feels like some hooligan spraypainted it white.- No loot game, there's no loot. It's different, it's not bad, just different.- 8 hours in, no weapons picked up. I don't think you ever find a new sword. You just upgrade it until its a lightsabre i guess.- Found a bug. On default settings, the game says use RMB to bite on a mount, RMB aims the bow on a mount. huh ?Conclusion:Very satisfying combat for sure. One of those games that keep you going for hours.Bummer that the camera has issues, it undermines the whole feeling of the game since the camera are your eyes into the world.Very happy with my purchase."
76561198089615367,Recommended,241930,14025158,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,jalayn,"Shadow of Mordor is a highly addictive, albeit short, action game set in JRR Tolkien's Middle-earth.Consider it a blend of the best sides of Batman Arkham Asylum/City and Assassin's Creed. As a longtime AC fan, I have to admit that this game gets the combat AND the stealth parts both right, arguably better in fact. It is highly addictive to literally trounce through waves of uruks, while learning new fighting/stealth skills along the way.  As in both games I mentioned earlier, completing successfull fights/kills and missions allows you to gain experience points you can spend on learning techniques. Killing uruk captains and warlords gives you power points that you can use to unlock rune sockets in your dagger, sword and bow. The level (power) of the run depends on who you killed to get it. The more important the uruk (captain ? veteran captain ? elite ? warchief ?), the better it gets.And this is where the game shines, with its unique ""nemesis"" system - how important each uruk is. Uruks fight with each other, and with you. If one uruk beats another, or if you were to be defeated in combat, the succesfull uruk gets a chance to be promoted. As such, they progress and you can expect to meet some of them multiple times if you don't happen to kill them at the first encounter. This whole system is brilliant and makes the SoM world more ""real"" (considering it's a fantasy world of course :-)).The story is quite good too, albeit short. I can't say anything more because I don't want to spoil anything. Fans of the Lord of the Rings should really enjoy it as much as I did.I can only see two minor downsides. The first one is the length of the game. I finished it completely by completing all achievements, learning all skills, unlocking all runes, and completing all challenges... all within 35 hours of play. 35 hours is good, but the game is good so I wanted more. And that is considering that I really did take my time and that I killed a lot or bad guys and got a lots of runes that I did not necessarily have to. But the positive side is that I did not notice because I was enjoying myself so much hunting uruk captains and warchiefs.The other downside is that you because your character gets better, and because you get better at controlling it each second passing, near the middle of the game I felt way too powerful. I never failed any story missions as they were too easy... Or I was too powerful.Notwithstanding these two minor downsides, I highly recommend this game primarily because it it is FUN, very pretty (there is a photo mode too), has a good story, and is a VERY GOOD action/stealth game. You don't have to be a Batman, or AC fan, or a LoTR fan for the matter, it's just a blast to play.I sincerely hope we will get an interesting story-minded DLC in the future."
76561198063772079,Recommended,241930,34703854,Posted: 2 September,all,Samurai Jack,So i bought Shadow of mordor for about 5$AND DAMM THAT WAS WORTHif you like LOTR movies and RPG games this game is for you !the game is 2000 years after the LOTR movies so you kinda get to know more about LOTRthe only bad thing i can say about this game is that it's a bit repetitiveall in all i say get it !
76561198269501357,Recommended,241930,34838701,Posted: 9 September,all,AC DC,Great game..Fun begins when you can Riot..!!!Will play the game 11/10
,Recommended,241930,34830492,Posted: 8 September,all,frankfruit,Mastapiece
,Recommended,241930,34848046,Posted: 9 September,all,Ronin XI,Nan Ichir Gelar Mordor!! Always been a fan of LOTR.
,Recommended,241930,19059855,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Zhyma,"If you are a fan of Lord of the Rings, you will greatly enjoy this game. I did think it was very short from what I was hoping which made me sad.I'd recommend getting this on sale, but defintely a great game. Might try and replay some time in the future."
76561197970666880,Recommended,241930,19063598,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Ashaen,"Very shalow review :It was fun while it lasted, graphics and anims are awesom especiallyt if you have a > 3Gigabyte vid ram. Awesome !"
,Recommended,241930,19063718,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,The ToadSter,Best Batman arkham prequel since assassin's creed black flag
76561198140353410,Recommended,241930,22294776,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Papa Kim,"This game is more than what you get when you are just looking for a rpg game- as the in game mechanics were really well designed. Whether you are looking for a strategic gameplay or some intense or even brutal actions, this game has it all. Decent price for this kinda gameplay? Sign me up."
,Recommended,241930,22291966,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Assassin bid,"A truly amazing game that has a lot of playtime after ""winning the game"". The mechanics itself are nothing but exciting. With the fighting mechanics taking the cake and combat finishers leaving nothing to the imagination - I can definitely say I am excited for a potential sequel."
76561198285043373,Recommended,241930,26684083,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mercenaryscar441,"Alright...Visuals and Graphics are fckn amazing. I just loved it.Combat is amazing as well and the way you can perform kick♥♥♥♥♥combos is just stunning.The story and the actuall gameplay is kinda boring, I personally didnt find it amusing.If I had to rate it I would give it 7/10.."
,Recommended,241930,19068201,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,NoYzE,The game is very cool and drags you deep into the world of lotr with a lot of athmosphere.Also it runs great with Linux so i can enjoy it with my favourite OS.Thanks
76561197995656590,Recommended,241930,22332268,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ignite,"***THIS REVIEW WAS ONLY FOR SHADOW OF MODOR MAIN GAME ***When I first saw this game, it was on E3 trailer showed a man in tatter cloth run and climb around and doing things I saw hundred of time in Assassin's creed and Arkham batman did. But still, something tell me this one will be something special and so I wait to purchase it...... And I did, And I spent 17 hours on main game and end with pro/con like these...Pro+ Very beautiful graphic and world+Voice acting was great+OST score was greater!+Story might be not much, But it does tell a tale of whatever that happen before the trilogy. And it did with a sense+Combat system was very satisfy+Right amount of side quest and they did gave you something to admire about (Weapons legend for example)+Nemesis system was a great innovation I haven't witness in gaming quite a while.+BRUTALIZATION!!!Con-The ending was yet to be fulfilled until its sequel release-Chatoic and havoc-ful fighting when horde of enemy surround you (Not in a good way at all)-Sometime strange control arrangement.This is one of those ""movie lore"" and ""book lore"" games I find myself satisfy on playing and looking for its next installment soon."
,Recommended,241930,19056329,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Th1RsSsT4HuNg3r,"This game is a must play, I'am doing my 3rd run on it 11month's after release and I will say with the DLC's this game is 10/10!"
,Recommended,241930,19060984,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,durnsey,"Highly enjoyable first half, steep power curve turns second half into a dull slog.The nemesis system is excellent and deserves wider use for its creation of meta-storylines,By midway through the game, the system is broken as your power-level obviates any need for strategy,"
76561198060341995,Recommended,241930,22295508,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,revolover,Super fun game. Tons of killing. Kinda silly at the end as you are basically god. But its never boring.
,Recommended,241930,19073474,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,TheNoidBag,"Though initially it isn't the most welcoming game, with a complex backstory, characters who one would only understand with a knowledge of the saga of Middle-earth, and rather finicky controls, Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor was a game I greatly enjoyed after figuring out just how to play to my strengths. Taking the best of Assassins Creed and the Batman franchise in terms of stealth and combat, and infusing it with a robust fantasy taste. The Nemesis System is by far the best feature of the game, with enemies having the ability to gain strength for defeating you, becoming all the more powerful. With their taunts, torments and remarks to you on how they killed you, or how you chose to run. It makes the game infinitely more enjoyable. Even giving you the option to kill these empowered creatures with simple stealth at times. Shadow of Mordor is what Assassins Creed and Batman should have been.Oh, and did a mention there's a guy named Ratbag? There's totally a guy named Ratbag."
76561198240568420,Recommended,241930,22277862,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Testiskull,"Shadow of Mordor, NOT directed by Peter 'will this ever end' Jackson. Why? 'cause it was good and the special effects did not suck."
,Recommended,241930,22279363,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Sean,this game is awsome!!!!!!!!!!
76561198171452121,Recommended,241930,22344780,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,wolf,Amazing Combat
76561197966704812,Recommended,241930,26677553,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jotto #3,.
76561198059539405,Recommended,241930,26689791,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Rocky Rough Phallus,"Awesome game, gets really easy but interesting with a few levels. My only complaint is the bosses and especially the last boss, it sucked dude. All that build up for something anti climactic. Hopefully in the sequel the gameplay stay the same just with a more richer story and bosses with mechanics. I highly recommend this game though as it's pure funEdit: By the bosses, I mean the black captains. The warchiefs and all that stuff is fun to play around with, and it feels good to get a cool looking captain into a legendairy warchief"
76561198145016476,Recommended,241930,19059890,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,The Huntress,"I just purchased the game, so, I'm still in the ""honeymoon"" period but it is absolutely fun. It's one of those games that I can start and then realize that it's 2 am after what feels like 10 minutes of playing.There's very little ""world"" borders and you can climb and jump off towers, cliffs, etc. It is very much like AC meets Batman in combat and play.I haven't gone through much of the story as I'm exploring and killing orcs but the beginning is very moving and I expect to it will be well done."
,Recommended,241930,22328859,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,brothersby,"If you want assassin's creed, love yourself and buy this instead."
,Recommended,241930,29753661,Posted: 6 February,all,GNinja2006,Very well done. Starts off with a dooming feel and setting like as you were stuck in Mordor.
,Recommended,241930,31828386,Posted: 18 May,all,Skas100,Pros:Huge open world to exploreGreat combat systemNemesis systemBrilliant voice actingAmazing graphicsGreat optimizationInteresting and deep storyLithariel ❤Gollum!Cons:Unsatisfactory ending to the main storyFights with the last 2 bosses was mainly qte or stealth drainsHorrible caragor running animationCamera can sometimes feel wonkyTargeting system can sometimes make you hit your own uruksImmortal slaves8.5/10
76561198025139155,Recommended,241930,33382404,Posted: 8 July,all,ornith,"A+, a must play game. Amazing gameplay and graphics, even a couple years out from release. Keyboard-and-mouse controls are largely very intuitive, though I did find myself accidentally jumping off caragaths when sneaking unexpectedly transitioned to open combat.Transition between moves is incredibly fluid given the sheer number of things you might do at any one time, and characters and environments look photorealistic; the acting (both vocal and on character faces) is excellent. Gameplay is a blast - the first half of the main story has play somewhat like Far Cry 4 (and apparently several other games I haven't played), and then halfway through you pick up some truly innovative tactical abilities.The nemesis system - individually named orc captains who have varying personal abilities and remember your prior encounters! - is simply astonishing and brilliant. Combined with the effects of your growing legend, it feels like you're really having an effect on the world. It's also occasionally hilarious: the results of the ""fear of X"" mechanic, and the orcs' bragging about their lack of said fears, can be very funny. And then there's the orc captains' names... I ran into one with the epithet ""Runny-bowels"", and some of their actual names are impossible to listen to the wraith's delivery of without laughing, nevermind the Ominous Chanting that accompanies a warchief arriving.Story is very strong, with interesting moral implications for the main character.About the only complaint I have is that it's impossible to hear the voices in the loading screens (which apparently reveal bits of backstory) when volume is set reasonably for the rest of the game, and they aren't subtitled even with that option on.Eagerly awaiting the sequel (due October), Middle-earth: Shadow of War, through not thrilled about the high price, counting the DLCs-at-release. *This* game, however, is now a bargain at $20 for the full game including DLCs, and an absolute steal at the $4 I got it for during the summer sale... and I suspect it's going to be on sale a lot from now on, to raise sales of the upcoming sequel."
76561198213012324,Recommended,241930,26736852,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Noob Knight,我第一次买来玩的游戏之一，画面及操作都极佳，慢动作的死亡必杀影像怎么看都不腻，自由性十足，就算只是把地图上的小首领清干净都可以玩上个两三天都不会闷！！！
,Recommended,241930,33598647,Posted: 16 July,all,Blood|Intent,Slimey....Yet Satisfying.
76561198046332890,Recommended,241930,35254780,Posted: 27 September,all,SleeToo,"amazing game, almost perfect"
,Recommended,241930,34717937,Posted: 3 September,all,Big D James,"This is a really Fun, and REALLY Adicting game... i played for this game straight for a whole weekend.10/10 ~ Cant wait for the new game to come :)"
,Recommended,241930,35261225,Posted: 28 September,all,"Afra ""Ave"" Aquita","Review Middle-earth™: Shadow of Mordor™+Good Story+Beautiful Graphic+Combat is brutal and control is easy and smooth so it's suitable for causal gamers+Climbing and running animations have momentum.+Allow stealth+Customizable weapons and character skills+The atmosphere is dark and intense+Tons of side quests, collectibles+Combat with different mini bosses requires strategies as each have different characteristics (For example, some can be killed by stealth or arrows. Some gets stronger as their HP goes down. Some can be killed by animals. etc.)+Great voice acting-Repetitive gameplay. Most enemies have no back stories and after a few hours killing becomes a boring routine. The only changes are the ways you kill them.-Boring story and characters-World feels empty despite the huge amount of quests. Most areas feel the same, with orc outposts and human slaves. Even the quests are just some ""Kill x amount of enemies"", ""Kill target without being seen"". You cannot interact with the world other than killing-Button-smashing is enough to deal with most combats.Conclusion:The game may seem fun in the first few hours. But as you grow familiar to the world of Shadow of Mordor, it feels rather empty and boring. It has some innovative design like the Nemesis system and the strategic fighting with bosses. However, the story and especially the mission design needs polish as it is repetitive. Shadow of Mordor isn't bad but it needs serious improvement in some aspect. I would recommend the game to casual gamers who play to kill time.#Suffer Me Now!"
,Recommended,241930,34942109,Posted: 13 September,all,agriba,"Shadow of Mordor is medium fun.Taking control of a quasi-dead Gondor guard, you wreak havoc among the Mordor camps hunting down the orc/ urakai leaders and, really, its mostly just killing things.For those who aren't familiar with Lord of the Rings, you are a ghostly human who fights human looking monsters in a desolate wastland.The central gameplay is combat, and the combat is ripped straight from the Arkham franchise.  It is a fast paced flow system that involves quick hack and slash with counters and extra moves to respond to the enemies and thier unique units and abilities.  There have been some slight changes from Arkham in that the fighting is slower and has more weight.  The overall difficulty is much higher as well.  Both to scale and given the fact that the number of enemies can easily swell and leave you at an insane disadvantage.The overall quality is much lower however.  Arkham had color coded enemies with obvious designs.  Large, ranged, etc enemies were easy to identify and react to.  The Shadow of Mordor Urakai look exactly the same.  Having played somethign better, it's more than little frustrating to be smacked down by one unit hiding in a group of one hundred that I could have easily dealt with if I had realized he was there.Outside of combat, the world map is very small.   You can explore everything within the first hour of play if you are intent on just looking around and don't get caught up in missions.Missions are. . . pretty much combat.  They try and flavor them with different objectives, challenges using a bow, stealth.  But they all come back to combat.  Stealth is a missed oppurtunity.  Half the map is open fields, and even in the sections wtih cover, the player isn't given any tools to utilize stealth like in normal stealth gameplay. It's mostly just waiting for patrols to clear out so you can sneak behind and knife someone.The player character has the ability to level up.  This section is fleshed out.  The level up system has meaningful upgrades that can add flavor to the different core abilities.  There is also a second skill tree that allows bulk upgrade to stats such as health.A big problem I ran into, however, is that most of the abilities are locked behind a secondary experience system called power.  Power is recieved by killing bosses that roam the map.  We'll get into them in a second, but the ammount of power you need to advance tiers and unlock abilties was absurd.  I had to straight farm bosses for no other reason than to be allowed to use the level ups I earned.Finally the boss system that the game calls Nemesis.  This is a fantastic inovation and the real saving grace to the game.  A score of perhaps 20 enemies with unique personalities, traits, and abilities roam the map.  They will fight eachother, become stronger and level up themselves.  They will try and live, running away when in danger, and they remember when they lose to you.  This is the one area the game truely shines.At the end of the day, being a Lord of the Rings fan is probably not that important.  There isn't a lot of lore, sights to see, or characters to recognize.  The narrative and world are bare bones.  At least this means that people coming into the series won't be lost.I would recommend playing one of the Batman Arkham games over this.  That game has slightly better combat with a much richer, diverse world that you can play with.  However, if you want that style of game with a more sword and sorcery feel and don't mind a challenge, then Shadow of Mordor is perfectly adequate."
,Recommended,241930,34816177,Posted: 8 September,all,THE BUTCHER OF BLAVIKEN,Nice hame and a very good story mode and long enough
76561198081968922,Recommended,241930,33353441,Posted: 7 July,all,Spooky Bunkinstan,"Bought this again and cannot be more pleased with my buy, the first time was on ps4 now here on steam. the controls are easy to get used to and i love how easily my computer can run this game. truly amazing"
76561198114622462,Recommended,241930,34157453,Posted: 10 August,all,JákupJ,Greatest game since Minesweeper.
,Recommended,241930,21522558,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Baihu,"This game has great production values, and along with the Batman Arkham series, helps to dispel the notion that licensed games linked to either movies or other media, have to suck.Everyone's already said what's great about this game, I re-iterate what they say so just read their's.One thing that I hope the sequel would help remedy, is balance the Nemesis system if the person playing doesn't die often enough. I'm not saying I am great at the game, but with the game gives you the abilities and tools to know what's coming, so if you prepare always, you are unlikely to actually die at the hands of a Uruk you're actively hunting, unless you are incredibly unlucky.The end result is I had no actual Nemesis by the end of the game. All the strongest Uruks I dominated or killed. I thought that my Nemesis was this funny Uruk who happened to have the ""Fear of the Gravewalker"" trait that made him just run away all the time so he kept surviving. If the game gave me him as my ultimate Nemesis in one of the battles of the final mission, it would have been hilarious and great.But instead it gave me this Uruk from over half the game ago, who I don't think I even died to. I think they picked the highest power Uruk whoever survived against me, and he was still about 12 Power or something.There is some scaling in the game, I did face a lot of Uruks with more strengths than weaknesses. But I was never in real danger, I only died about 4 times in the whole game, I even played with no prompts. I wanted the cool Nemesis personal narrative that I see YouTubers get, like TearOfGrace's Prak Jaw, or AngryJoe's Olgoth, and I never got that.I really don't mind in the sequel, there would be more actual difficulty options, or maybe more proper ambushes the like that would help better players get that Nemesis experience."
76561198202469502,Recommended,241930,25597408,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Pinkstyle,"Well I have soo far got alot of joy from this game, but if you always like an a challenge buy it ;D"
76561198124826657,Recommended,241930,25597510,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Halal Gang,SO far i have completed about 12 percent of the game an am really enjoying it i can see were the feeling of lord of the rings comes in i really feel as if im in the world of Lord of the rings but a diffrent time setting. Overall i feel it is a good game in comparison with all assasin creeds is the only game i can compare it to but it has its on feeling a witcher 2 kinda fighting style AC movement an Lord of the Rings backround makes out for a good well story driven game. 7.5/10
,Recommended,241930,25598058,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Mr. Zetsumetsu,"If you have ever wanted to combine Batman (from the Arkham games) Assassin's Creed and then put it all in The Lord of The Rings unvierse, Then look no further. The gameplay is amazing, story is outstanding, and the battle style is wopnderful. Familiar faces from the LoTR trilogy make appearances, as well as a little back story into the universe itself. If you are a LoTR fan this game is a definite must have."
,Recommended,241930,25592364,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,I like clavicles,One of the best games I've played so far
76561198152967142,Recommended,241930,25593907,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,The Raptor Corporation,"This game is awsome. It is probubly my second favorite game. It has a lot of things that are amazing about it making it near perfect. And I got it + the Season pass of 7 bucks.PROS:Fun gameplayThe gameplay in theis game is really nice. The combat in fun and the boss fights very, each boss has a random name and trait. They also have random/s abilaties that make each fight more intresting. There are variotion of enimies, normal sword guys. Crossbowman, and spearmen. There are also caragors which are giant lion creatures that you can take control of and ride. There are also Grogs. Which are giant oger things that you can also mind control and ride. There are mant ways to fight the Uruks, using a shooting them, sneaking around and silintly killing them with a knife. Sword fighting. poisning there drinks. Even mind controlling them and making them fight each other!Nice GraphicsThe graphics are good. I have seen a little better but that is not a big deal.Boss FightsI am going to say this agian, Boss fights are most of the time, different, and are really fun. Some bosses are protected by gangs. Some can poisen you, some have torches as weapons, some can heal themselves. And every time you die, the Uruk that kills you becomes a boss. With all the random cool stuff.Mind Controlling or Branding UruksYou are able to mind control, or ""brand"" mostt things in the game. When you do this, the thing fights for you. You can make big battles between Uruks, Caragors, Grogs, even bosses! and fight in them! It is super entertaning.A civil warI call this the civil war but I dont know what a proper term is. When you mind controll a boss, you can order him to attack other bosses. Thist creates a battle were the enemey boss and however many of your bosses you ordered to attack him duke it out, along with some Uruks. These fights can take the forn of a battle, one on one fight, executions, and ambushes. You want to get all of your bosses as a supreme warboss or whatever the top guys are called.DLCThe DLC is compleltly worth the money, I would suggest the Bright Lord over lord if the hunt only becuase Lord of the Hunt does not work for me. But other then that I would get the GOTY upgrade. I got everything for 7 bucks, but I would spend 40 for the game and GOTY upgrade.OpenworldThe openworld is massive. It is full of forts to take over. Side missions to play. And Uruks Beasts, and Bosses to fight.CONS:Controller issuesThis is only for people who use controllers but sometimes in the middle of a fight my controller stops working, and then I die and thats the only way to fix it. I dont know if it is my controller, which is a PS4 controller, or the game, eitehr why I count it as a con.LoadingFor me this game takes an average of 7 minutes to open and 6 minutes to load, thats 13 minutes, which is a long time. Just Cuase 3, GTA 5, and every other game I have takes shorter.Overall9/10"
,Recommended,241930,12311171,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Nthman,Its like Batman: Middle Earth edition. Combat feels just like any of the batman games complete with finishers. Other than that this game is simply the best LOTR game that has been made to date.
,Recommended,241930,34920210,Posted: 13 September,all,YOU ARE GOING TO JAIL,shadow of mordollars
,Recommended,241930,13552586,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Sanchez,"Although fun, it is very repetitive. But certainly a must for Middle Earth fans."
,Recommended,241930,35190121,Posted: 24 September,all,mcd.galaxy.s,"Took some time with this game.I don't want to delve deep into the analysis and compare it to other games, I just want to say I am having a blast with it!!I can't wait to play the sequel."
,Recommended,241930,35152391,Posted: 23 September,all,Melzard,"One of the best games i've ever played, perfect in every way"
76561198037003601,Recommended,241930,35156989,Posted: 23 September,all,deftpwns,"Overall I greatly enjoyed this game. I had complaints here and there about minor issues, but overall the studio did an excellent job. The nemesis system is excellent and I hope to see it enhanced upon and similar systems utilized in the future in this franchise and many others.The only thing I got salty about was preordering this game and the season pass for $80 and in less than a year it was on sale for $6 with all DLC included."
,Recommended,241930,35191206,Posted: 24 September,all,XenoXuri,"With 71 hours on this game, yeah its fun.+fluid/smooth combat+ bosses with unique strengths and weaknesses- Once you get use to how to play the game, it kind of gets too easy+diverce missions from killing grougs to stealth killing a platoon of enemies+ you realy get that lord of the rings feel while playing through the campain (if you like lord of the rings)-not enough allied characters introduced- this game doesn't have co-op or multiplayer, a missed opportunity there by the devs as it would be hella fun to conquer Mordor with a friendi wasn't sure about this game at first but its a must buy, not too sure about the sequel though  :pWORTH A BUY!"
,Recommended,241930,35103732,Posted: 21 September,all,BASTARD,One Does Not Simply Walk into Mordor
,Recommended,241930,27390501,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rockyyy,How to make friends with orcs simulator.
,Recommended,241930,13098776,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Triforce888,"Besides a few glitches this game is pretty much the pinnacle of combat heavy action games. Basically what we have here is Assassin's Creed in the Lord of the Ring's universe, with the best damn enemy system to this day I think. The story is a little generic at first but it is really cool when you get out of the whole (this happens at the very beggining don't b!tch at me about spoilers) wife and child are killed, it get's a whole lot deeper. Now prepare your crucifixes, I have never seen a LotR film except the recent Hobbit movies. Honestly that should be taken as a good thing, I don't know what really all this is and I can still understand it perfectly. Anyway this game is definetly a contender for Game of the Year in my book, I give it a 9.5/10, evrybody with a taste for kickin some uurk♥♥♥♥♥should get this game."
,Recommended,241930,35149163,Posted: 23 September,all,Todia,Maybe mosts of players feel that this game is boring.But only those who are crazy about LOTR and Silmarillion can be moved!
,Recommended,241930,35414720,Posted: 2 October,all,jhtway,"Overall great game. The pacing and mechanics are fun and dynamic enough to give you multiple ways to solve any problem given. It does from time to time have the feeling of an Assassin's Creed dilemma of to many tools to solve the same problem and that the story forces you to focus using one tool whether or not it is actually needed. The main story line is engaging enough to give the player incentive, but has the generic somebody close to the main protagonist died at the hands of an ultimate evil character and you are filled with rage to avenge them but you shouldn't let that control you, guided by a more knowledgeable ancient wisdom.But let’s be honest that’s not why we play this game. The reason why we play is because the Nemesis Mechanic makes the death, hunt and eventual revenge the greatest feeling ever. It gives weight to every generic NPC and allows all of them to be an eventual pain in your ***, that really drives you to grind for hours to create the perfect coup to kill the NPC that just won't die no matter how many times he ruins every grog celebration you try to ruin.The beauty of this game is it can lack in other areas because it created a authentic feeling of hatred for something that is following a procedural code of being a pain in your ***.  It is definitely worth owning and I look forward to further installments."
76561198076396065,Recommended,241930,25299231,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,tonesims,Gets repetitive. Fight a lot of the same enemies. A lot of button smashing.  Story is meh.But...man is it fun to fight off an entire horde of orcs singlehandedly. The skill trees are really good and make fighting loads of fun. Great game to play if you're having a bad day and need to feel like you could take over the world.
,Recommended,241930,35369834,Posted: 1 October,all,Kakek_legend_sugiono,"This game absolutely awesome the art works, gameplay etc. I can run this game smoothly without lagging and it""Preeeecioouss"" XD"
76561198008174967,Recommended,241930,33364285,Posted: 7 July,all,Jev,Batman in Mordor.10/10 this game is gem
76561197993362624,Recommended,241930,33108808,Posted: 1 July,all,A dirty casual,"$4?!There is absolutely no reason not to buy this game at that price.  If I hadn't played it yet I'd still happily pay the original $60.  It's just that fun.  So for $4, every player on Steam who doesn't yet have the game should be buying it.The graphics are gorgeous, the gameplay is top notch, the story is great, the combat flow is smooth, your combat options are varied and interesting, and the finishers are oh so satisfyingly brutal.   The only ""negative"" is that its easy to forget there's a main story to progress because you're so busy just hunting down orcs for the sheer fun of it."
,Recommended,241930,33364873,Posted: 7 July,all,kuthooloo,"Awesome game, combats really simple but can still get relatively difficult havent played it much but so far its really good"
,Recommended,241930,33365462,Posted: 7 July,all,Zchooner,"At the time of writing this review, this game was on sale for $4.Runs smoothly on my old AMD A8 APU (onboard graphics).Has similar Fight Mechanics to Assassins Creed, Mad Max etc....which i think is a good thing.I strongly recommend the Game of ther Year edition. Especially for those gamers who like to fly through the main missions. Without all that extra DLC, the game may seem a little short for some.  But to the contrary it is possible to lose yourself for hours.Storywize.... it's Tolkien!! it's Good!!!I haven't touched Multiplayer yet.It's AAA.  9/10  Great Value at full price , but $4!!!  Stop reading reviews and Buy it now."
,Recommended,241930,33463206,Posted: 11 July,all,Pr0ph3cy,"Truly one of the most innovative games.. suprisingly released q4 2014, never finished it on ps4 i got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and traded it in, time to finish it :D"
76561198209368647,Recommended,241930,33363990,Posted: 7 July,all,WhoKnows134,Thumbs Up
76561198056284246,Recommended,241930,33364996,Posted: 7 July,all,freelancer AL,cant talk voting. and playing som
76561198151250073,Recommended,241930,33364049,Posted: 7 July,all,DaVolleyball,"The title ""Shadow of Mordor"" doesn't do this game justice. It's proper name is Orc Abuse Simulator. Even if you despise the new lore, this game is definitely worth the by... Just for the laughs you'll get from your nemesis and followers."
,Recommended,241930,33365010,Posted: 7 July,all,-FeaR-,Best Game Bought on Steam Summer Sale!!3.99 = GOTY
,Recommended,241930,33363594,Posted: 7 July,all,Onigiri Beast,this game is only six dollars. got it through the steam sale. having so much fun with it atm. just baffles me how people would rather spend $54.99 on the new csgo bundle which is full of pixelated icons and nothing decent
,Recommended,241930,33365551,Posted: 7 July,all,в.н.ω,"good combat, story wasn't bad, badass powers 9/10"
76561198313955286,Recommended,241930,33364317,Posted: 7 July,all,Brandinator5000,Its like the batman arkham games and assassins creed games had a child but it wasnt broken and it had giant swords and monsters everywhere and I love it
,Recommended,241930,35426405,Posted: 2 October,all,Boyd Doghouse,"This is the game you want if you are looking for a game with great combat that is endless. The game's story doesn't really even cross your mind when playing, I spent hours killing Captains and Warchiefs alongside branding them to fight along my side.The game's Nemesis System allows you to either kill Warchiefs / Captains or Brand them to join your side. It adds hours."
76561198104052985,Recommended,241930,27709915,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✪NoSoundGGardul,There's nothing better than running around and slaughtering every ♥♥♥♥ing uruk you see like a badass(My favorite game)
,Recommended,241930,35399819,Posted: 1 October,all,RaberShef,"Great game. Fluid combat, nice graphics and Middle Earth."
76561198040538972,Recommended,241930,35427296,Posted: 2 October,all,karhu,"Fantastic combat and gameplay mechanics inserted into a game which consists of 3 different missions that are repeased till nausea. Extremely bland experience, and all in all the most mediocre game I have yet finished. Still a pleasant aftertaste - mainly because I expected Shadow of Mordor to be on parallel with Peter Jackson's lotr trilogy, but it wasn't that bad + I highly enjoyed Beastmaster and Lord of Light DLC's. Better than the base game."
76561198059622151,Recommended,241930,35455607,Posted: 3 October,all,omril321,"A great game which keeps giving.Dozens of hours of fun. It's nice even to just travel the map and kill some orcs, regardless of the interesting storyline."
,Recommended,241930,22145229,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SekkirxD,A+
,Recommended,241930,33589054,Posted: 16 July,all,CyberLizard,"Money well spend especially if you can get this title with all DLC's on sale.Spend over 45 hours in-game at the time of writing this review. Overall the game is very nice, plays well and there is a ton of side-quests besides the main story which will give dozens of hours of game play. It might take you a few hours to familiarize yourself with the combat system but once you've figured it out you'll have a good time slaying those ugly Urugs.I still need to dive into the DLCs since I haven't had time to check them all out yet (still enjoying the main story) but I suppose that I'll enjoy the DLCs too. As mentioned above, well worth the money especially on sale and (imho) a must own for LOTR fans."
76561198093054323,Recommended,241930,24787982,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,AH_Atomic,Played on console... Fantastic story and gameplay.
76561198121446703,Recommended,241930,33317772,Posted: 6 July,all,FurieTech,"I just bought this game during the sale and it is honestly the most fun I've had in a while. I would have paid 60 dollars for this game alone but the shear fact that it is on sale for 4 dollars along with all of its DLC, and it they're letting people play for free before they buy is astonishing.SO if the fact that this game's GOTY edition is on sale for 4 dollar isn't enough of a reason for you to buy it then there's just no reasoning with you is there?-Fun combat system that can make you feel like a god after a while (Arkam-syle)-great voice acting-Nemesis system the generates captains and warchiefs, each with there own strengths, weaknesses and personalities-Storyline based in Lord of the Rings (I mean if the name didn't give that away already)-Wraith Magic that allows for badassery-DLC's with  more content-Easy to get in to but hard to leave (You have to remind yourself that you can't survive long jumps of buildings)-Surprisingly British"
76561198066933934,Recommended,241930,12327790,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Mythicia77,"As a major Tolkien fan, I was initially sceptical, but while this game is perhaps more gratuitously gory than the Professor would have liked, it's still a masterpiece.  The Batman: Arkham series' excellent combat, the inspired Nemesis system and an engaging story combine to create a truly excellent and enjoyable game.  I'd recommend this to any gamer."
,Recommended,241930,28821303,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Storethis,"Underrated Lord of The Rings game. A lot of fun, but be prepared for a challenge."
76561198070860919,Recommended,241930,28844944,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spobingebobib,nice game overall decent grafic and awsome gameplay
,Recommended,241930,35414215,Posted: 2 October,all,A True Spillevink!,"Good game that's real fun at the end.My complains are with the two last hands of Sauron felt lackluster and the endgame is boring.The final boss was antianticlimactic, a grave disappointment...6.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,26606212,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Its_Batman,"As Shadow of War releasing soon, i thought i would review this great game for people who are thinking if they should play Shadow of Mordor. This will be a spoiler free review.StoryShadow of Mordor follows the story of Talion and Celebrimbor. Talion is a human ranger in the world of Mordor. As he was defending the Black Gate, a servant of Sauron attacked the gate and killed Talion's wife and son. As well as Talion himself. But He was stuck in a place between life and death. And then he met Celebrimbor and learnt that they are stuck together. Celebrimbor is an Elf and the creator of one ring. He died in a battle against Sauron and is in a wraith state stuck with Talion. Now Talions goal is to kill the ones that killed his family and maybe free mordor and himself from the curse. As the journey of Talion and Celebrimbor continues, they meet old friends and learn alot of secrets. As good as that feels, the story itself is not the best part about the game. It's agood storyand that's it. Don't expect some amazing story. Playing the DLC's would make the main story much more better tho!GameplayThe best part about the game. This game has one unique feature.The Nemesis System. I will talk about it after the primary things. The gameplay is kind of mix of few games with charms of it's own. It's an open world game. Wall riding/Parkour is part of the games amazing gameplay. This is full on action. In moments you could be fighting against 100's of Uruks with intense combo of talion plus the wraith powers of celebrimbor. The mix couldn't be any better. Killing bunch of uruks alone is always fun! You can also Brand Uruks. Branding means making them on your side. This way you can control a warchief if you want. But then again the game has a Stealth mode. If you want to play it silently, you can do it. But honestly the head on fighting is best!Nemesis SystemThe game has a tab where you can see the current Warchiefs, Captains etc, their weakness and power etc. Every one of them has different traits which make it harder to kill all of them using same techniques. Now the normal stupid enemies have their own powers/weakness as well. If you die in a battle, the uruk that kills you gain power. If you keep dying to same enemies, you keep making him stronger. He will surpass other captains that are lower than him. Using this system you can just have fun and challlenge yourself with stronger enemies. This system what makes the gameplay reallly fun. I played the game atleast 70 hours before buying on this account.CharactersNot that many interectable characters but those you can interect with and learn more are pretty interesting. It's the LOTR/Hobbit universe after all. Guess how the characters would be from that.World DesignI would say really good portrayal of the LOTR univrse. Uruks everywhere with human slaves, forts with great designs and more uruks. Mordor is extremely beautiful even with the disgusting uruks running around. Definitely a game world worth exploring both for close to LOTR experience and beautiful sightseeing.Soundtracks/OSTThey are good. Has the feels of LOTR. I mean what else can you expect from a game set in LOTR universe? But i mean it when i say they are good.GraphicsReally good GFX. It was released in 2014 and still looks SICK! The visuals in this game are insane. The beautiful world of Mordor looks really beautiful with the amazing graphics that this game has. The effects are really good as well.OptimizationReally good optimization. Found no glitch/bugs and 0 fps drops my entire playthrough. Runs on low end PC as well.ControlsPerfect controls. Easily accessible and will get hang of it in really short time. Smooth camera movements and responsible controls. No flaws IMO.Overall - 8.5Shadow of Mordor is a great game IMO. I absolutely aloved the game on release and still do. Finished the game 3 times just cuz of how much fun the combat is. But lack a really good story makes it not that great for some people. It didn't bother me thanks to the gameplay but some people complained about the gameplay itself being repetitive. I guess not everyone loves the way nemesis system works. Understandable opinion but the game is great nonetheless. i suggest playng this before playing Shadow of War. And you can also take your branded Uruks from SoM to SoW for raids!"
,Recommended,241930,13267250,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,QoMSoL,Yet another well made game from Monolith. There was never a doubt.
76561198047772277,Recommended,241930,13962543,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Skyra,"The PC version is my second play through of this game, add about 35 hours on the PS4 version to the time listed above.  If you have the hardware for it, the PC version is very pretty compared to the console (Ultra at 1080p - 60fps on a 4GB GTX970).This is an open-world (ish) melee and stealth game with AAA production values; sneak about the map clearing the icons/missions with a mixture of stealth, melee combat, environment hazards, bow shooting and the occasional riding of monsters.There are two things that make this game really special:First, the combat is immensely satisfying - the mechanics of the combos, parrys and specials are simple to grasp and not too hard to use competently to kill satisfyingly large groups of uruks; however the “hit streak” mechanic and counter constantly challenges you to do better than competently…The second is the “Nemesis system”, each area has a command structure of powerful captains and warlords that fight amonst themselves and perform other actions to increase their power (unless you stop them).  Any uruk that kills you gets promoted and a power boost which makes for some very engaging and dynamic game experiences (as long as you die…).The game doesn’t have immense systemic depth, but it is lots and lots of fun.  The kind of game I will return to again and again when I just want to sneak up on things and enjoy murdering them without having to work too hard at it.Issues (minor)Context sensitive controls don’t always do what you want when jumping/climbingDLC seems poor value (extra enemies/rewards but no new areas)The nemesis system only “works” if you die - which you probably won’t do enough of on a second play through unless you adjust some options as there is no “new game plus” or difficulty level system.I can’t wait to see what happens when other developers expand and experiment with the idea of the “Nemesis system”."
,Recommended,241930,24814129,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,amosh ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,I feel like I cheated the game devs of this game by buying this great game for such a cheap price.
,Recommended,241930,12320075,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Lutz!,Its like if Batman from the Arkham games smoked DMT and this is what he saw.
,Recommended,241930,12334663,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Toasty,"It's not often that I get addicted to a game now-adays, but this one is a shining exception. I'm more than satisfied with it and have put many hours into it already, and look forward to season pass content!"
76561198013001990,Recommended,241930,12533118,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,[OSF]-ThelastSpecter,The only Single Player game worth buying in a long time hands down!
,Recommended,241930,12567851,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Kinzoku Ryu,"Much better then i had anticipated!  I must say, i'm not a huge fan of the lord of the rings or hobit or any of that stuff, but i can appreciate the quality and entertainment value of them.  This game goes right along with that its like playing in another movie!  The game was Great HD quality amazing graphics!  Easy to use controls for those who like to use a controller on some games (I used xbox360 gamepad).  I recommend this game to any RPG lover out their but be warned very brutal and bloody content! (it was awesome!) ^^"
,Recommended,241930,26399915,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jaggaman5,What an awesome hell yeah game completed the whole game story mode in like about 18 hours must play .
76561198142066587,Recommended,241930,13843409,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Gothrog,Great game. It has a pretty fair length if you do all the side missions and take some time to do some of the power struggles. The combat doesn't get stale and make you want to avoid fights. The game as a whole keeps you enticed throughout the story. There's also more game modes if your thirst for Orc-killing isn't satisfied after completing the story.
,Recommended,241930,29837604,Posted: 10 February,all,jurpert,"a lot better than i expected,great game"
,Recommended,241930,13117203,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Malignant_Slurpee,"There's one animation that gets kind of old, because Talion always seems to do it after getting (much needed) intel from random orcs with his patented Mind-Reading-Palm-Of-Doom.  He shoves his sword to the hilt in their face, then pulls it out with a backhand grip and decapitates them with a whirling flourish before sheathing his weapon.11/10 would overkill orcs againA little light on content, current sale price is not bad.  Gets kind of easy after unlocking the later abilities.  If you got to the second stage of Ninja Gaiden on Xbox back in the day you'll probably only die if you get surrounded by ranged attackers.  The lore is dope, even if the story is ""huh?""  Good voice acting... except... who decided orcs come out of the black pits with a Cockney accent?Also, in Middle-Earth potatoes are called earthbread.Did I mention decapitation?  Seriously it happens a lot.  I would have appreciated more variety in body part removal."
76561198044120577,Recommended,241930,12571857,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Reddakin,"The best thing here is the nemesis system, that promotes any Uruk in orc society who managed to kill you. It's very personal and gives your death meaning. I caught myself retreating when overrun more often because I didn't what to give that filthy orc the satisfaction. All Orcs seems individuel and unique. Also it has a great atmosphere and the english voiceactors did a brilliant job!It uses the freerun mechanics from assassins creed and the free-flow fighting style from the Arkham series, which I love. It wasn't all to hard to beat the game. But I played a lot of Arkhams extra fighting maps and trained the fighting style in exess. So don't know if that leads to percieve the game as fairly easy BUT still don't get me wrong, it's still FUNRecommendation: Buy it only, if you love the Free-flow fighting system from Arkham, because it a big part of the experience. I had a blast playing this game"
76561198091371257,Recommended,241930,13312643,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Little Ferrari,"In Middle-Earth Shadow of Modor, you play as a man name Talion. At the beginning of the game, you and your family get murdered in cold blood. But instead of staying dead you come back to life because of a Celebrimbor making it so. You don't know anything about him at the begining of the game. But as it goes on, more and more of his past begins to unravel. Throughout Modor you battle many uruk, captains, and warchiefs. I like the ranking the system that they do with all of the ururk. It is especially unique because they rank up even more if they kill you and they build up on the chain of the uruk. The fighting system is exactly like the Batman Arkham games which is always a plus because the fighting in that game is awesome. This game is also very brutal too with the all of the finishers. Throughout the game, you rank up with Talion and gain more and more abilities and gain even more powerful. The main story isn't very long with just twenty missions. But there is a ton to do in Mordor after you beat the game or during the main story since it is open world. The only bad thing about this game was that the story seemed to be lacking at times and I wasn't a fan of the ending really. It was anticlimatical for me but it wan't the worst ending that I have every seen. Overall, this game is great and worth the $60. But its steam... Who buys games for full price? I would wait for this game to go on sale if I were you but it is still worth full price. Buy this game! It is awesome!9/10+ Finding out about the spirits past+ The uruk ranking system.+ Batman Arkaham fighting style.+ Very brutal!+ Talion's ranking system.- Not the greatest ending.The Bright Lord DLCIn the Bright Lord DLC, you play as Celebrimbor in the Second Age. It is about his revolution against Sauron and his army. You have to capture all the territory in the map and brand all the war chiefs. After you do this you will face Sauron in a boss fight which is fricken crazy! It is interesting to play as Celebrimbor because he plays a little different than Talion. He has the one ring with him which is fun to use but it is totally over powered. It is suppose to be like that though. But still sometimes it would make things really interesting in the missions. The difficulty is slightly higher than the normal game with warchiefs at level 25. But with the one ring it is a lot easier. I really enjoyed how cool they made the uuruk captains and warchiefs look in this DLC too. The one thing that bothered me about this DLC was the how short it was. For most it will only take about 3 hours to complete. But overall, the Bright Lord DLC is a good excuse to come back to play this game and the boss fight at the end totally makes the $10 you spent worth it! If you are a big fan of Shadow of Mordor like I am, go ahead and buy this.7.5/10+ Playing as Celebrimbor.+ Uuruk design improved.+ Epic boss fight at the end!- Its a short playthrough.- The one ring makes it too easy at times."
76561197994443820,Recommended,241930,24372718,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Winged Bozo,"One of the best,if not the best, game i've played for last 3 years."
,Recommended,241930,12570427,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,graemevermeulen,"I will sum this game up in one word. Incredible.It's rich, deep and somehow manages to stay fun by consistently upping the difficulty level just when you think you've mastered killing Uruks and Orcs. One of the top titles this year along with Arkham Origins."
,Recommended,241930,12587604,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Danku,"Every once in a while you discover a gem that devalues the rest of your collection. Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor is the gem that has almost ruined all other open-world games for me.There have been multiple references to the game being a hybrid of the Assassins Creed open-world style and the Akrham knights combat. It’s true that this game has been heavily inspired by these releases but it brings about the question of originality. Is this game original? It uses a similar map clearing system as is all too familiar in the Assassin’s Creed franchise; however the one improvement on this feature is not having to rely on a hay stack to make your way down – being able to jump off at any angle or direction is a surprisingly impactful change to this mechanic. When we look to the Arkham Knight similarities the combat is undeniably present, heavily reliant on quick time events and the player’s knowledge of the key button combinations for execution and stealth kills. There is also a similar skill type system in place for unlocking new methods of executions and range attacks.The Nemesis system that is introduced in this game is a revolutionising mechanic that will no doubt be adapted in future open world games. This system consists of a 3 or 4 tier hierarchy where orcs rise up to the top of the chain to become Warchiefs. If in the event a non-ranked orc manages to slay you in battle they will succeed into this hierarchy. The whole system is loosely based around power levels and voids in the chain of command usually caused by the death of an existing member of the hierarchy (caused by you or amongst the orcs themselves). You will develop relationships with individuals who you previously killed and have been killed by. The different tiers in the hierarchy tend to bring with them challenges. Certain orcs will have immunities and weaknesses to damage types e.g. they may be immune to range but weak to stealth kills. This variety in weaknesses and strengths makes for some compelling player interaction with their environment when planning to take down a captain (or six if they are unlucky enough to trigger multiple at once!).The importance of the players influence on an open-world game should never be underestimated. It’s all too often that these games present the player with a large area with a wealth of collectible items or side quests to keep them entertained but the player is very rarely provide an engaging atmosphere to go and interact with the environment. Shadow of Mordor excels in this capacity. With every captain you kill another takes its place. In some circumstances you will re-encounter previously slain captains who will appear different visually through a scar, eye-patch or even a helmet hiding their wounds. Quite often your greeting will be combined with some voice acting that throws some abuse at you regarding your last meeting. This audio and visual engagement creates a very compelling effect on the player. Being able to see the slain orcs and those who rise and fall within the hierarchy make the environment very engaging. Every captain killed clearly has some impact on the overarching open-world model the game is set in.Graphically speaking the game looks and runs fantastically well. There is a stark contrast between the first main area you start in with plenty of browns and greys - the typical doom and gloom setting you would expect from Mordor. Approximately half way through the campaign you are brought, unexpectedly, into another part of Mordor that appears as a pasture of life with greens and yellows and overall promises of a better future. It’s interesting to see the justification of this luscious location as being the farms of Sauron that will feed his armies. I’m not sure of J.R.R. Tolkien would feel on this portrayal but regardless it definitely makes for an interesting visual change and highlights the talents of the design team behind this game.The game’s narrative is entertaining. It’s difficult to assess the audience they (Monolith Productions) are aiming for. Clearly the game is designed with the Lord of the Rings franchise in mind with references to Gollum and the rings of power. It’s evident that some appendices and lore from the Silmarillion and the Hobbit are included however the accuracy or extent of its fiction in this game is questionable. The main narrative is almost a backdrop setting for the engaging open world environment that the player can lose themselves in.Overall it's a fantastic game that will hopefully set the standard for all future open world games."
,Recommended,241930,12335365,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Relz,Лучшая игра про Бэтмена на данный момент почему-то оказалась не про Бэтмена (:
,Recommended,241930,27867673,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,🌸shawty🌸,yeah YEAH
76561198201921932,Recommended,241930,24106371,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mr. DREDD,"Great game, worth buying on sale !!!"
,Recommended,241930,33260450,Posted: 4 July,all,RAOH,play at 60 fps a lot a funsuddenly drop 10 ~28 fpsbut still fun11/10 would drop fps again
,Recommended,241930,33236394,Posted: 4 July,all,oh boi,Great game <3
,Recommended,241930,33347018,Posted: 7 July,all,Jack Grimsly,"The best Action stealth game i have ever touched, hands down."
,Recommended,241930,31570087,Posted: 5 May,all,Mean Machine,AMAZINGMiddle-earth: Shadow of Mordor's great action and dynamic enemies make both victory and defeat an amazing experience.+ Great combat+ Enemy progression+ Losing matters+ Mind control- Unexciting campaign missionsRating:  (9)
76561198086588607,Recommended,241930,32348346,Posted: 11 June,all,BurriTaco,I love this game
,Recommended,241930,32002495,Posted: 27 May,all,Ahmed,nije bas nest
,Recommended,241930,29283483,Posted: 15 January,all,dEAdOnE77,KILL ORKs with STYLE!__¶_____________________________________________¶__¶¶___________________________________________¶¶__¶¶¶¶________________________________________¶¶¶__¶¶_¶¶_____________________________________¶¶_¶¶__¶¶__¶¶___________________________________¶¶__¶¶__¶¶_¶_¶¶_________________________________¶¶_¶_¶¶__¶¶__¶__¶_______________________________¶¶_¶__¶¶__¶¶___¶__¶¶____________________________¶__¶___¶¶___¶¶___¶¶_¶¶_________________________¶¶__¶___¶¶____¶¶___¶¶_¶¶_______________________¶¶_¶¶___¶¶¶_____¶¶___¶¶__¶_____________________¶¶_¶¶____¶¶______¶¶___¶¶__¶¶__________________¶__¶¶___¶¶¶_______¶¶____¶¶_¶¶_______________¶¶_¶¶¶____¶¶________¶¶____¶¶_¶¶_____________¶¶_¶¶____¶¶¶_________¶¶____¶¶__¶¶__________¶__¶¶____¶¶¶__________¶¶_____¶¶_¶¶_______¶¶__¶¶____¶¶___________¶¶_____¶¶_¶¶_____¶¶_¶¶_____¶¶_____________¶¶____¶¶__¶¶__¶__¶¶____¶¶¶______________¶¶¶____¶¶_¶¶¶_¶¶¶___¶¶¶________________¶¶¶___¶¶__¶¶¶___¶¶¶¶__________________¶¶¶___¶¶_¶¶__¶¶¶____________________¶¶¶__¶¶_¶¶¶¶____________________¶_¶¶¶__¶¶_¶¶___¶¶¶¶¶¶_________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_¶¶_¶¶_¶¶__¶¶_¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_¶¶________¶¶_¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_¶¶_¶¶¶¶¶__¶¶¶¶¶¶__¶¶_¶¶________¶¶¶¶___¶¶¶¶¶__¶¶___¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶__¶¶¶¶_____________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_______¶¶¶¶¶_¶¶¶___________¶¶¶_¶_¶¶¶¶¶______¶¶¶_¶¶¶_¶¶¶¶__________¶¶¶_¶_¶¶__¶¶¶_____¶¶¶__¶¶¶__¶¶¶_________¶¶_¶¶_¶¶__¶¶_¶_____¶_¶¶__¶¶_¶_¶¶¶_______¶¶¶_¶_¶¶¶__¶¶_¶¶_____¶¶_¶___¶¶_¶¶_¶¶¶______¶¶_¶¶_¶¶¶____¶¶¶_______¶¶¶_____¶¶_¶_¶¶¶¶_¶¶¶¶¶¶_¶_¶¶¶_________________________¶¶_¶¶_¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶____¶¶_¶¶¶____________________________¶¶_¶¶____¶¶¶_____¶¶¶¶______________________________¶¶_____¶¶_¶¶¶____¶¶_______________________________¶____¶¶¶__¶¶¶¶__¶¶_______________________________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶____¶¶¶¶¶_________________________________¶¶¶
76561197966332166,Recommended,241930,12306529,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Grylled Bears,My precious
,Recommended,241930,13708860,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[SOUL],"in times where RPG games *cough...AC unity....*cough and movie licensed games are the worst (pertty much every movie licensed game) shadow of mordor is like the skyrim of middle earth saga (except for vast maps)the game never bugged out, never crashed not even once, not even a lag is found here (at least by my experience)playtime span from 10 to 14 hours for main story only (speed run),  i would guarantee 20+++ if you would play the power struggle missions and side missions tooand that's the other thing they got it right.... the side quest is a bit repetitive, but.. it's never...boring in some ways that i can't explaincombat is fun and engagingstealth element is herelook it's badass don't wait for a sale.. grab it ASAP, it is worth every damn pennymy only complain is... why the last boss battle against black hand.... why? well.. i guess you have to experience it yourselfoveral 10/109/10 if i count the last boss battle"
,Recommended,241930,31130182,Posted: 13 April,all,Erip,Made me want to kill myself.11/10 - love it.
76561198059993140,Recommended,241930,16856498,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Pimp_ButterS.,"This game is set between The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings where you can harnish Wraith powers, command an orc army and battle thousands of uruks/orcs. A free roam adventure with Assassins Creed and Batman Arkham gameplay. Although this is a great game and should be kept on steam the gameplay and graphics and are better suited for the console not PC."
76561198022614541,Recommended,241930,18027829,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Lamentation,"Great game, awesome game,just finished story, but ending was as interactive as watchiung paint dry"
,Recommended,241930,13746596,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Frogs.,"Super fun but super hard. But overall, gr8 game m8. 8/8"
76561198095259546,Recommended,241930,24043152,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SAKAOI,Very Fun.
,Recommended,241930,14243043,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,verhoor,very nice my friend
,Recommended,241930,24036775,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,wiitennessee,"Decent sized map, loads to do and unlock, oh and I shanked an orc. Actually several orcs.I would describe it as a mix of Assasin's Creed and Arkham City set in Middle Earth."
,Recommended,241930,23951429,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,idanlego1001,Arkham+Assassin's creed=Shadow of Mordor
76561198031822734,Recommended,241930,15659666,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,The Internet,"Quick Review:Other reviews pretty much nail this game down. It's EXTREMELY similar to assassins creed and takes around 24 hours to fully beat. That includes the first 10 hours of you crushing orc skulls until you get tired of it and move on with the story. There isn't much story to go on, so you could likely beat this game in 5 hours if you just played the story missions. Overall it's a good buy on sale or if you're a huge fan of the franchise.Longer Review:I'll start with the scores, Overall 7.5/10Graphics     8/10Combat      8/10Story          6/10Interface    8/10Mechanics  9/10Difficulty    6/10The graphics are fairly well polished, overall what you would expect from a game made today. The detail in the landscape and monsters are equal so you don't get that weird out of place look. Sometimes buffering takes a second, I found this to be especially prevelant later in the game.Combat is fun with a lot of options. You can be stealthy like an assassin, run in like rambo, or shoot from afar like the typical ranger. As you progress combat becomes increasingly fluid and fun with new moves that let you teleport around the map, explode enemies, and generally cause mayhem everywhere you go. Captains and Warchiefs are the mini bosses in this game and they have buffs that make some of your moves ineffective, which is a nice twist.The story, while expanding on a somewhat untouched area of the books, isn't very in depth. You get half the story through the loading screens, and the other half from the handful of story quests. I like the premise, it's extremely interesting, and you get to see Sauron in a new light which is cool. However, as I said, it's just not there for most of the game. The story never feels forced, because there is so much backstory that we as fans already have, but it could definitely have been built up more.The interface is, again taken straight out of assassins creed, even some of the icons look a little too similar. Although, the interface works, it's extremely helpful and doesn't get in the way. The 'Saurons Army' tab is also a good addition. Everything you NEED is confined to a small section so your screen isn't held hostage.The mechanics are very well done. I said before you could probably beat this game in 5 hours, but most people spend 20-25 hours playing because of the mechanics. For at least the first dozen hours you don't really feel the repetition that you do afterwards, so much of the side quests, murdering random orcs, finding goodies, and watching Sauron's army progress is all new and interesting. It keeps you playing for a while, which is good. You get to ride Caragors and Graugs, and stomp around crushing orcs, which is hilarious the first few times. And when you unlock 'dominate', you can brand any enemy and watch as they fight eath other as you stand in the shadows and laugh.Lastly, the difficulty. It's not something you would say is par for the course in todays game world. Even without the constant 'parry' notification that arises when you're about to be attacked, it's just too easy. You can be literally fighting 50 orcs, and the most any will attack at once is two (excepting archers which at that point will shoot other orcs) and lucky for you, you can parry two at once! So fighting, while fun, is much too easy. Even the Captain's and Warchiefs, which are the mini bosses are much too easy. You just wraith stun them and flurry til you get a combo run and destroy them. Some are susceptible to stealth which is an instant kill or dominate.If there were more of a story, difficulty could be attributed to people wanting to experience the story without much difficulty, but there isn't much story. Lack of difficulty and lack of story bring the score down a bit, but overall it's still worth a buy. As with anything on steam, wait for a sale and pick it up if you're a fan."
,Recommended,241930,19065454,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Unearthed Name,"a clone of assassin's creed and arkham series, but the nemesis system make a very interesting dynamic."
,Not Recommended,241930,14161898,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,CrownedMonkey,"++ First part of the game ++I was really excited at first. The combat positively reminded me of the Batman series, and to slay orcs instead of knocking out thugs was really satisfying. Combining that with the visual effects and animations of all the different moves you perform on those ugly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.. So nice and brutal at the same time!The nemesis system is also very fun for the first part of the game. There is a lot of diversity in terms of character for the captains and warchiefs, and each have their own strengths and weaknesses. This really gives them an unique feel. Slaying them felt like an achievement and it was terrifying to encounter multiple of them at the same time.The story seemed great at first as well, with the main character (whom has good voice acting) getting to know the past of the wraith. Gollum his role in this is a real nice touch. Though, you're likely to ignore the story until you've messed around enough with the nemesis system.-- Second part of the game --But then you get to the second part of the game..  As you build up your character, the game begins to gradually bore the crap out of you. Groupfights that were first better to be evaded, become super easy. The captains and warchiefs become a joke. You can kill them off pretty quickly, no matter what their strenghts/weaknesses are. Only dying once in the game also left me with no real nemesises to deal with. I felt as if I could just straight up walk to Sauron myself and kill him with one slap to the face (if he were in the game).Apart from the nemesis system becoming dull due to how badly it keeps up with the player, it also becomes clear that there's no real reason to invest time into it. You will notice nothing of importance out of all the work you've put into killing those officers and 'taking command'. The only difference is that you'll have less angry officers and more friendly officers roaming around.The story feels empty apart from the 'get to know the wraith's past' missions. While I'm normally all into singleplayer stories, I couldn't care less about this one... no matter how hard I tried. Nothing really felt of importance to reach the ultimate goal; killing the 3 big bosses.Gameplay-wise, the story missions felt like an interactive movie. The game will guide you so much, that there's no real space for solving the encountered problems on your own. It's way too lineair for an open world Middle Earth version of Batman. Even Batman gave you more freedom during missions.. In closed environments!-- And then this happened.. --Completing the ultimate boss battles through quicktime events.What. The. ♥♥♥♥.I'm not talking about the kind of quicktime boss battles that God of War has.. Nope. The first quicktime boss requires you to press two keys only, without any other challenge. The second quicktime boss, which is the final boss, only requires you to press five keys.. three are the same key, all of them require no real timing.So. I've upgraded my character almost to the maximum. Did challenges and found collectables. Helped slaves and rebels. Ploughed through Sauron's minions, captains and warchiefs.... All of this to get to the close servants of Sauron, and it's just thrown away.I'm done."
76561197985722163,Recommended,241930,12313325,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,[NTF] TacticalNuance,"I have to say, I'm no fan of non-serious action games. I get a kick out of Dark Souls as it is really skill based, but wasn't as impressed by Assassins Creed, and only quite liked the Batman games.This, I love. Its got real character, I have died mercilessly and sometimes hysterically several times, and it is nice to really care about killing a particular enemy who has just embarassed you on a 4k screen in front of family. Twice. The system is really good, and I look forward to replaying the game in the future when I am done with this round. As a big LOTR fan (not so much the movies), I can enjoy the references dotted around to more obscure lore, without being too disturbed by the premise of the plot, or the not hugely plausible appearance of a film character.I would like to see a more meaningful skill tree where they can give some genuine choice without messing up balance - I got to the stage where I had several levels I was not allowed to spend because I had not progressed far enough along the plot - not impressed by that. I'd also like the game to be a bit bigger, rather than just two rounds so to speak. So I'll take 1 1/2 points off for the restrictive skill tree and not huge game length, leaving it at 8.5/10, and that's a very good game in my book. I shall resist docking further points for the poisonous DLC, season pass, register to qualify for X reward etc business practices, complete rubbish, as it isn't specific to just this game, and I would like to review the game as opposed to the game at 'X' price.Good work, first genuinely good LOTR tie-in game, would like to see more."
,Recommended,241930,12357134,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Zeus,Impressive and scope and the gameplay is an absolute joy.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,241930,12325243,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,KANG0211,ไม่ผิดหวังกับเกมส์นี้เลย เกมส์เพลย์ทำออกมาได้ดี เนื้อเรื่องน่าติดตาม และ spec ก็ไม่ได้กินมากอย่างที่ระบุไว้ โดยภาพรวมแล้วเกมส์ดี ให้ 9/10 หักออก 1 เพราะ AI ค่อนข้างโง่เกินไป
,Recommended,241930,12341829,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Mr.Hell,"This game was made for everyone who loves killing orcs. Don't lie to yourself you love killing them too. Which means you're going to enjoy this game. And when you're done with 20 orcs there are always more on their way to you. Even orcs themselves want you to kill them because it's extremely fun. You can kill them, crush them, burn them, feed them to the wild animals. There are plenty of ways to deal with orcs in this game. And even when you think another orcish captain is dead he will find you in the middle of nowhere and ask to kill him once again.The best orc-killing simulator/10"
76561198016058692,Recommended,241930,12374793,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,TradeGy,"Do you want to visit Middle-Earth? - Of course you do!Do you want to be a badass ranger possessed by an elven wraith? - Of course you do!Do you enjoy killing orcs, uruks and other evil while being said badass? - Of course you do!Now then a little more about the game:- The Combat, easy at times challenging at other times. (I've heard it's similar to the Batman/Arkham combat, but I wouldn't know as I do not own those games).- More Middle-Earth lore to explore.- A great variety in orcs and uruks.A game I've waited for, have exactly the kind of things I wanted from a game set in the Middle-Earth Tolkien-verse."
76561197975751923,Recommended,241930,12385776,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Henry Swanson,Arguably the best game of 2014. 30 hours in and I haven't even done 5 main quests. There is so much fun to be had slaugthering Uruks. This game is simply amazing.
76561198072133360,Recommended,241930,12384759,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,thenightcrusader,"If you loved the Batman: Arkham series you will love this game. The combat system is fluid as it's borrowed from Arkham series. Never played the Assassin's Creed series so i can't compare the parkour system in this game with it. Nevertheless, i found it to be fluid and also nearly bug free controls.The story is very interesting to keep you glued to your seat and burning countless hours in the game. The nemesis system is also a very good touch to the series creating better replayiblity for you to finish any quest after the main stories.TLDR versionPros-good replaybility due to nemesis system-easy stealth-ability to brand and control uruks from minion right up to warchief-ability to create your own uruk army-excellent graphics and motions for your actions-great story connecting the Tolkien loreCons:-side quests can be repetitive (go to point X, kill uruks, achieve objective, rinse and repeat)-Torvin's hunting quests can be expanded to maybe go into more hunting side quests"
,Recommended,241930,12475541,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,slerv,my precis
,Recommended,241930,12418420,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Grem,One of the good ones.
,Recommended,241930,12454241,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Calibrono,Basically Batman: Mordor City. Buy it now.
76561197999451366,Recommended,241930,12457851,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Captain Farrell,"Great game over all, satisfying Combat, Great stealth play. My only problem with this game is the ending! Go get the game for yourself it is worth the money you pay for it."
76561198015483615,Recommended,241930,12324077,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Papos,"Hey folks, here is a quite detailed review on shadow of mordor.Please dont be to hash on my enlish, its my second language.Feel free to react/ask questions :)---introduction---First of all, my expectations were quite high, i am an fan of tolkien, assassins creed and skyrim and hoped to find myself an combination off these worlds in this game.---story/campain---The story is interesting but not epic. The characters on the other hand are very well made, they have deep personalities and are interesting. Cut-scenes are of very high quality, they have great acting and nicely mix in to the gameplay. The 3 different regions are very detailed and diverse and there is a lot to explore.8/10---content---Overall the campain will take about 25 hours to complete, wich i think is an ok length. Dont expect to spend so much time in this game af for example in skyrim, there is some stuff to do, but not that much. Overall the content is solid, not legendary like skyrim but solid. A shame that the game is released with another one of these♥♥♥♥♥♥season passes, this costs the game a point on this subject.7/10---combat mechanics---The combat is very diverse, detailed and sephisticated and works on every aspect.the combat mechanics can be separated in 4 different catergories:- bow: rangedthis is for killed enemies on a larger distance. Mechanics look fine and plays like it should.- dagger: stealththe stealth mechanics are very well done. It works like a sharm and combat is hard enough to really want to use it. (unlike assassins creed where it is easy to kill a army of 50 enemies) So stealth works really great and the animations are very stunning.- sword: regular combatThe regular combat is someting like a mix between assassins creed and batman, and i like it. It is very fluid and quite challenging. The animations are very well done and because you will gain new combat abilities during the entire game, it never really gets old. Very detailed and you can use a lot of aspect of the environment like fires or beasts which is fun.- wrait powersextra abilities unlocked trough the game like stunning enemies and posessing their minds. Keeps things fresh and unique. Also here the animations are very well made.8/10---atmosphere---The game has a great atmosphere. Every region feels fresh and unique. The characters (also the enemies) are very well done and just like the good graphics, great sound and well made cutscenes they add the to the atmosphere. It is really unique and feels great.9/10---graphics---the game looks truly next-gen. Very detailed and very well made shadows, lightning and weather effects.Animations and environments are stunning9/10---sound---best quality we could wish for. Except in cutscenes the voices are sometimes quite soft and hard to hear.Also no subtutles. if this was not a problem 10/10. but now:9/10---nemesis system---The game has a number of very well designed characters, on both the good side as the evil side. Besides these characters there is a nemisis system for the orc hyrarchy, these ork leaders are supposed to be unique. Dispite the fact that they look somewhat different, have different names and remember past encounters, they really feel like ""another orc"" to me. So for that point, it is not a bad thing but really overhyped i think. The fact that you can enter this hyrarchy with orcs that you have converted is a fun addition. So this nemesis system is fine, but still very overhyped.7/10---optimalisation---The optimalisation is very good. The game is not very taxing for the cpu and makes great use of all cores. Gpu-wise the game is very taxing but this is not because of poor optimalisation. The graphics are very well made and the shadows, textures, ligtning and animations are so well done and detailed that they obviously require a lot of gpu power. perhaps this is going to get better when new gpu drivers come out. Ive had no bugs/crashes or other problems like that which is very uncommon for a game on release these days, i like the fact that the game is finished nicely. I do not like the fact that this game does not support multi monitor support, what would look stunning in this beauty. A shame. But the graphics are too taxing to run the game at 6048x1080 with any of todays gpu setups anyway. Still i can emagine wanting to replay this game over a few years in multi-monitor. Hopefully this will be added to the game in a future patch.8/10---conclusion---very well made assassins creed / batman / lotr mix. The game has very detailed game mechanics, characters and graphics and everyting works and makes sense to do. Mordor feels challenging to explore and looks great. Just make sure you have a big gpu with a lot of vram (i would recommend r9 280 3 gb / gtx 770 4 gb at least). No multi monitor support. Worth buying.8,5/10"
,Recommended,241930,12367554,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Henron,"Assassin's Creed like world + a more gorey batman style combat system = a game you should jump at if you love to demolish waves of enemies in multiple ways, and get your rpg on. Took me 29 hours to 100% complete the story and side missions, with future dlc coming in the season pass this is a must get, graphics are amazing and the gameplay is smooth once you get used to the menu controls, I played with mouse + keyboad. Oh and the nemesis system, the highlight of the game, really adds meaning to all of your deaths, make your enemies die for their actions, or keep them and use them to your advantage, don't worry tho, you can always kill these orcs whether they are your friend or not.TLDR: Behead, literally, lots of orcs, make them obey you, Save Mordor!"
,Recommended,241930,12380829,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,having difficulty maneuvering,10/10 Apparently you can just walk into Mordor
,Recommended,241930,12386953,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,[14e] Hamlenain,"Excellent game, finally a fully functionning, interesting, action packed, fun to play and visually beautiful game. I recommend it wholeheartedly to any LotR fans and any gamer in general, buy this game."
,Recommended,241930,12356013,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Detective Mekova™,"Let me tell you a story about a little crossbow Uruk named Tumug the 'Scar-Artist'.When I played the game, at first I was somewhat reckless. I'd run into battles, win, but not really learn from my obvious mistakes.I then was in a battle with a guy named something the cleaver, and almost died. I killed him, but was then attacked my Tumug. He had explosive shot crossbow bolts, and I died instantly. The camera panned to his smug face and he brags about his ability to kill a weakened Wraith Warrior.Flash forward 2 hours.Another battle, but by then I learned from my mistakes, and I carefuly made sure to attack a captain after silently eliminating his guards. I succeed in killing him, but was then ""sniped"" from a hundred meters by, wait for it, Tumug. I ran up to him, and with one action, he summoned a large squad of Uruks who surrounded me, and obliterated me. By now he is level 10-ish.A few in-game days later, I am just walking in mordor when suddenly I get shot by a normal bolt, and I am faced with generic Uruk number 5. And then another crossbow uruk showed up, and then a freaking third, named Tumug. Facing three captains was hell, and I managed to quickly dispatch of Tumug using my Wraith powers to drain him. He was as good as dead, and so was I. I managed to kill all of the captains, but was killed by a Cazador (figures). But I did get an epic bow attachment which increases damage by 50% (♥♥♥♥ yeah!)It gets better.Many days later, I kill my first two War Chiefs. I was quickly leaving the scene of the second chief's murder when I run into two Uruk captains, bow crossbowmen, one being my former nemesis Tumug the 'Mother ♥♥♥♥er'. Initiation cutscene details how he was nearly killed by my sorcery, but he managed to survive, but he is now a pale white color. He dispatches of me, and at this point his rank is a whopping 19!I then play a game of cat and mouse, because this ♥♥♥♥er was actually HUNTING me. I'd be on the other side of his ""supposed"" location just to run into him and like, 25 uruks. It was getting annoying. But honestly, I have grown attached to the only true villain I've faced in this game. He has killed me at LEAST 3 times, and has been the cause of my death 2 other times. He is a worthy opponent.Finally, I met him head on. I made sure that it was I who was attacking first. Seeing as how he was literally immune to all attacks except combat finishers (which barely damage him since he was rank 20), I made sure to draw him out into an enclosed area, away from his guards. Once down, I flurried, and dashed, and Combat Finished him thrice until I finally grabbed him, looked him in the eye, and pressed A for intel, even though there was a chance he'd come back.I left him then and there. Why? It's simple really. Because of his existence, and his hunting of me, I was able to become a true hunter. I was cautious yet assertive. I was passive yet aggressive. Opportunistic, and viscious. He has inadvertedly taught me how to achieve my goal of hindering Mordors forces, and avenging my family. So ♥♥♥♥ you Tumug, but also thank you. Happy hunting :)99/10, would play again."
76561198277766724,Recommended,241930,33206755,Posted: 3 July,all,Comedian522,8/10
,Recommended,241930,23417549,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,You Assassin,Super addicting. A mix between Batman and Assassins Creed with a new mechanic that allows you to turn your enemies into allies.
76561197961888323,Recommended,241930,23459312,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SuperJoelDude,"Basically, this game is a worse version of the recent Batman games. Very similar combat system, similar ""detective"" mode, similar open world concept. Except it is worse. The world doesn't feel as real. The world is also rather small, and to make that worse, it is all pretty much the same looking. You have green Mordor and dark Mordor as your choices. The game is short, and feels really repetitive. The story is pretty lacking as well, although I did enjoy learning more about Sauron and the creation of the rings, but even that left much to be desired. Getting around the map wasn't as fun as Batman either.Now having said all of that, even though I felt like it was worse in most ways than the game it was copying, Shadow of Mordor is still a solid game. The combat system is fun, and the warchiefs add something extra onto regular combat. This doesn't make up for the lack of real bosses in the game though. There are like three boss fights the whole game, and one of them was just pushing a button three times, and another wasn't much different than a regular fight. The graphics are good, and controls decent as well. The level up system gives some choices, although you will likely just upgrade everything if you play through the whole thing from start to finish. The stealth portions of the game were generally good, although sometimes annoying with instant loss if you made a tiny mistake. The bow weapon was cool, but could've been used more.Overall, it is a fun game with little replay value, and maybe 25 hours of playtime. If you recently played a Batman game, skip this because it will be too boring, unless you love LOTR. Otherwise, it is worth getting on a sale."
76561198086675997,Recommended,241930,25971057,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,GodHimself,"Do you like killing things with superpowers?If your answer is 'yes', then this is a perfect game for You.If the answer is 'no', then You are sad, and I have no desire to speak with You any further."
,Recommended,241930,26008183,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Flint Ironstag,"Immensely fun, though easy combat.If you love the feeling of your character getting more and more overpowered and slaughtering armies with decapitations and awesome powers, you'll love this.The game is too small though (mostly map size, though length isn't great either) and this campaign may have one of the dumbest final boss battles in the history of video games.It's awesome fun, but pick this might be one to pick up on sale.  I personally like to blast music and play this to vent rage, attempting to sync executions with the music."
,Recommended,241930,26364585,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sym,"This game is truly extraordinary - graphics, story and gameplay are absolutely perfected. However, the blandness of Talion and the other characters prevents me from being able to say this game is perfect - but it comes pretty darn close!9.6/10"
,Recommended,241930,25807708,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Funcrisp in Space,"""English Orcs, multiple-personality-disorder creature that obsesses over an item, and more English Orcs.""Even if you're not a Lord of the Ring fan (Like me) or never read or watched the series, that shouldn't stop you from picking up the game and having a blast slicing and dicin' orcs (uruks) or ""branding"" uruks to usurp against their fellow warchief.The DLC adds a few more hours of gameplay - granted I have only finished the Bright Lord.A game that deserves the title of Game of the Year."
76561198161678885,Recommended,241930,25851712,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Jimi Hendrix,"Very good game.Combat and stealth mechanics are so seamless.I stalked a veteran captain waiting for a perfect opportunity and then BAM I jump off a building and stealth kill him. Not every captain has a weakness like that, if you tried taht move on different uruk then he might counter it. Very cool to see an orc get a lucky shot and finish me off, weeks later he would become the captain that i mentioned i stealth killed by leaping off a building.The combat is very good and has depth, as well as a certain cinematic quality .The graphics are excellent, animation etc.Only downside is the somewhat bland map design and overly simple game design. Considering you're constantly within spitting distance of orcs, there is never a downtime in ACTION. The nemesis system is very cool. Slightly overrated in the sense that theres so much going on in the nemesis system that i often felt disconnected from it and had very little care to follow particular orcs i hadnt encountered. The best parts are getting revenge on a captain that was once just a grunt that cheap shot you!While I wish the map was more compelling, its tough to not argue that MIddle Earth: Shadow Of Mordor (terrible name imo) is one of the best games ATM.btw played more on console then i have pc"
,Recommended,241930,16587026,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Subject Infinite,"Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor hooked me from beginning to end, for a few reasons:Visuals - graphics are simply stunning, if you have a gaming machine with the graphical horsepower to render them. Aesthetically, the world is well designed (though it can start to feel a little samey when you get late into the game). I particuarly enjoyed the weather effects in the game. Playing the game during an in-game rain storm was a real pleasure.Story - it's set in the Tolkien lord of the rings/Hobbit universe. What's not to like? The game contains a lot of lore from the stories, when you complete the various side missions and this really helps immersion.But above all else the gameplay itself really enraptured me. The nemesis system really adds layers of complexity and intrique to Shadow of Mordor. You fight an orc captain, realise you're outgunned and run away? He'll remember that the next time you fight. You can play orc politics by setting captains against each other or simply upsetting the heirarchy of the orc army. It's different, it's a fun way to level up (as opposed to just flat out grinding as is the case in so many RPG's) and each captain has their own little story, and strengths and weaknesses. And if the captain lives to fight another day, those attributes change too. It's a remarkable system which generates endless side quests, and enhances and drives the main plot.I also enjoy rather listening to the orc grunts on their guard duty as they swap inane chatter.A worthy addition to the Tolkien universe, stands out as an RPG, and it shines from a technological standpoint - an interesting and thoroughly enjoyable insight into advances in video game technology."
,Recommended,241930,32042640,Posted: 29 May,all,Arkham Soldier,Gameplay same as Batman
76561198021207686,Not Recommended,241930,33507993,Posted: 13 July,all,clsanderson73,"Its a good thing I only paid $5 for this game. Its very repeative and boring. The great fun of stealth missions where even if you kill them the second they spot you, you fail, because, you know, telepathy and stuff. Every misssion is just about the same. It was great for the first few hours, now its just do this mission that just like the last mission with a few variances."
76561198048347128,Recommended,241930,13156644,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dragon of Dojima,MANFLESH!
76561198067839705,Recommended,241930,12769082,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,pAce,>Kill many orcs>Nasty neverdie orc Olrok appears>Have intense battle with Olrok>die many times mfw>20hours later kill Olrok awwyiss.jpeg>game turns very easy>return to starter area to kill orcs n mind my own business.>enter stronghold and make orcs sound the alarm. huge waves of orcs everywhere.>thebattle of mordor has begun>mfw Olrok appears.>get gang violated by 100+ orcs n Olrok>return from the grave when talion asks wraith about pillars.>♥♥♥♥ olrok.Would play again. 11/10
,Recommended,241930,28684315,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Durnehviir,"Middle Earth: Shadows of mordor is absolutely an amazing game on almost every aspect (I said almost every, there are couple of things that does bug me, later more about that)Personally I'm a huge fan of open world, stealth and brutal kills games, and this one offers everything.Choose for yourself how you wanna handle a mission or just random encounters. wanna go from death from above or sneak in a bush and kill the enemy when they least expect it? Or just go screaming, head on into a fortress filled with orcs.Even that there isn't much of variation in the missions and general gameplay. This game still offers a lot of varity in the way you choose to play: Sword head on into combat, Distance Bow and arrow or Stealth dagger. Every category has it's own perks that make is soo enjoyable.The best part (and worst) imo are the captains and warchiefs, they have their own special abilities, fears, weaknesses, strenghts what gives you a way of varity on how to approach a captain or warchief. One becomes terrefied by fire but gets stronger when health drops below 50%. Others are invunerable for arrows and stealth but are weak against sword combat. makes you think on how to kill one.then again, that 'worst' part is that sometimes the abilities combinations (mainly of warchiefs) are just ridiculous. I've had multiple times a warchief that was invunerable for sword combat, bow and arrow and stealth and can kill a caragor easely. that are some of those moments you have to think, how the f*** am I going to kill this guy. then again it makes you think and be creative, per say, take over 2 captains and command them to attack the warchief or find a graug and use him to kill the warchief.Really enjoyable game, not only gameplay, but visual, 1st part you walk around in a dead and filled with fear land, second part, you walk around in a nice green and 'lovely' land. Well animated beasts, characters, NPC's. great variety in movement, every beast you can control has its own strenghts and weaknesses and special movement. DLC's are nice as well, get to play and enjoy the story of the other characters you meet during your own campaign. classic hidden objects and collectibles. easy to understand ranking system and the skill tree, if you don't understand that, idk what you will understand. the side missions you randomly encounter during free roaming. Upgrading your weapons, in combat and visualy. Dying and coming back to see the look on the captain that killed you.One last thing that bothers me is that sometimes you have to kill a captain in a specific way or else he keeps coming back. I had to kill a captain 4 times before he was actually dead. something I don't really enjoy, but that is my opinion.Besides that, what else can be said about this game but, BUY IT (if you're a LOTR or The Hobbit fan, this is a must have, nice little references and easter eggs). Game of the Year edition gives you all the DLC for you to enjoy for such a low price, you shouldn't be able to resist to buying it."
,Recommended,241930,14687049,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,AngelValse,"Pros:-good gameplay-beautiful graphic-good open world-swag battle style and combat system :v-you aren't die when you fall from heightCons:-no items customization-no changeable weapon-20 primary mission, but still have many side missions"
76561198087506802,Recommended,241930,22853122,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,crazyceo,where do orc babies come from
,Recommended,241930,32934021,Posted: 28 June,all,Guardian the Doge,I like this game. Cool
,Recommended,241930,18676092,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Rocketman Max,"Review for Shadow of Mordor. Contains some spoilers at the bottom. I warned you...Shadow of Mordor is a fantastic game, it is beautiful graphically, and a massive joy to play. It is a love letter to Batman, Lord of the Rings and Assassin's Creed fans; it plays out very well and I love it.The game is known for its Nemesis system which is pretty damn good. I have no complaints on this great system.The story, however, is somewhat disinteresting and slightly boring. However, the voice acting is great and the story isn't a jumbled mess, so it works. The combat system is very similar to the Batman Arkham series, only much more gory. You have your typical finishes, magic attacks (like the finisher thing where you press F to kill when you get a hit streak), counters, etc. The combat is just really satisfying.One problem I have to point out is that far too many fights happen. You just run a bit and there's a group of about 3 Uruks waiting to kill you. It really gets stale after a while.The reason it is like AC is that the gameplay and things in the game don't really differ. In this game, you climb towers and reveal missions and the map. In AC you just reveal the map. Also, there is plenty of stealth and combat, like in AC. However, the game differentiates itself from being too similar.The game is pretty lenghty; there's a lot to do. A heck load, actually. The DLCs are fairly decent and are worth it. Mostly, I guess.Spoilers here:The game has a good lenghty campaign, and throughout the whole story you just want to kick Sauron/The Dark Lord's♥♥♥♥♥ but you don't get to. It is a TERRIBLE QTE-fest. (QTE - Quick time event). Thankfully, in one of the DLC packs you get a much better battle against Sauron.Overall, I really enjoyed this game. It is a very good and fun experience.I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,241930,19558636,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,3 cheese burrito,goty '14
76561197979038057,Recommended,241930,23797219,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Slobulus,So good.
,Recommended,241930,12480217,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Flobby Rotten,"Very fun, combat is fluid and, although very similar to that of Batman games, is very well balanced and unique. The randomisation is a very interesting mechanic, and I find it quite fun discussing the differences in mine and my friends games. The story is very  good and will not dissapoint LOTR fans as it fits the storyline and ins ome ways fills in blanks and even provides a lot of lore, especially when you discover thatcelebrimbor is your wraith world protagonist, and you learn his story of forging the rings and how sauron tricked him. I found this ver interesting as, although I love LOTR, I never delved that much into Clebrimbor's story.9.5/10 - great game, little to fault"
76561198112772238,Recommended,241930,33453224,Posted: 11 July,all,Gd CS.MONEY CSGOROLL.COM,"Hands down tied with my first favourite game. This is so amazing! You should totally check it out.Warning: Rage + Salt + Broken computerI spilt my food on my keyboard over this game, some uruk tried to kill me and rice fell on the floor.R.I.P"
76561198001174731,Recommended,241930,32808806,Posted: 26 June,all,Kjetil,"If you miss this game, you miss something big."
,Recommended,241930,16385753,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Saber,I walked into mordor.
76561198051141983,Recommended,241930,17979518,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,MadFlavour,I have been playing this game for 2 weeks and I will consider continuing to play it..Who knows.Life is unpredictable. Perhaps ill play Middle-earth: Shadow of Morder for forever.
,Recommended,241930,18243462,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,GCG | CorteX,"THIS GAME SHALL PAAAASSSSSSS!!!Do you enjoy the batman/ assassin's creed games? do you like Lord of the Rings? well if so this game is highly recommended for you! so some background if you don't know about the game already, this game takes place i dunno maybe a a few hundred years before the Hobbit or maybe close to 1000, or at least thats what im assuming, some evidence of it is that 1: Mordor isnt overrun by Orcs right off the bat, until about 5-10 min in and it is doe lol. 2: the black gate isnt metal yet, its stone and they are constructing the metal around it. Sauron hasnt taken physical form yet 3: none of the main characters from either the Hobbit, and the LOTR movies are mentioned. you play as  man once mortal, but who is soon ""possessed"" by a wraith, you soon learn the identity of the wraith, and it makes for a very intense and entertaining storyline. also about half way through the game, you gain the ability to command Uruk Captains and control there actions. so basically halfway through the game gets 1000x better. and the world is semi-persistant in the sense that after possessing or what the game calls ""branding"" an orc they will stay branded even when u leave and comeback. captains can also comeback form the dead with a few more scars and try to fight u again, u can take the lowest orc captain and make them into the mightiest Warchief Mordor has ever seen! look below for the pros and consPROS. good optimization, no noticablescreen tare. amazing graphics. good plot/ story line. the world feels alive, what you do effects Sauron's Army. Randomly generated Orcs, you rarely see the same looking Orc captain more the 2 timessame goes for regular orcs, there is a very good amount of originality with all orcs,you will see different looking orc captiains 9/10 times and maybe see different looking orcs like 6-7/10 times. combat is very smooth and fun. very good stealth system. Very dynamic world, locations were made very well and looking amazing.. the absolute best voice acting i have seen in a game so far!CONS. sometimes the game can be very difficult when trying to kill certain orc captains,if they are in a strong hold it may take you a lot lojnger to defeat them because of the almost endless onslaught of     enemies when they raise the alarm..when a captain has the combat master strength along with immunization to ranged, its really freaking hard to kill them, esspecially when they are in the middle of a freaking stronghold. hard to accumulate in game money for attributes, even when doing side quests it takes a while to make cashother than that the game is great, i recommend it to anyone looking for a fun new game to play. i would give it a 9/10i woulkd say 10/10 but the in gmae money thing is really important for getting more health (which you will more than definitley need) and it brings the game down a lot."
,Recommended,241930,18343915,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,[PG] Slimey,"Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor is unlike any game I have ever played before. I personally don't think it has any flaws but you can correct me if I'm wrong. Awesome combat system, stunning graphics and brilliant story (which a lot of people think was flawed and, but I think is really cool)You play as Talion, a Gondorian ranger looking for revenge because Sauron, The Dark Lord, killed his family. Talion however has been possessed by an ancient elvish king from the 2nd age, who has banished Talion from death, meaning he can't die. This does make you feel very overpowered by not being able to die, but you will soon realise you are very weak at the start of the game so you will die. Don't be scared of dying, It's a part of the game. Once you unlock some more powerful abilities from levelling up and finishing missions you will find killing Uruks and taking down captains 100 times easier.The game has a unique feature to it though, that separates it from other open-world games. It has the Nemesis system. Say Kugaluga the Diseased kills you, you respawn and nothing has happened. But if he kills you numerous times he becomes you nemesis because of the number of times he has killed you. This is such a good feature and gives the game a bit of purpose i.e. killing your nemesis at any cost.In conclusion I think this game is a Must Buy because it is so good in so many different ways and is totally worth the 50€.  Sometimes you will get surrounded with maybe 20-30 Uruks and everything escalates really quickly, getting you killed by an insignificant loser who then gets promoted to captain and becomes way too OP. Well done Monolith, well done."
76561198026327848,Recommended,241930,19106493,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Zanrok,"Base Game: Being able to explore Mordor and unleash a brand of gorilla warfare among the Uruk is a lot of fun. The nemesis system allows for some interesting dynamics for how you deal with the Captains and Warchiefs. Branding is a bit too overpowered, but being able to further develop ambushes and being able to control mounts is worth the slight imbalance. Definatly worth the buy.Lord of the Hunt: Interesting new take on some of the gameplay (Mounted stealth kills and area-branding of Ghuls), but only has enough new content for an afternoon. Buy it when on sale.The Bright Lord: Not very good at all. Rehashes the idea of area-branding but can now be applied to Uruk, the one ring power is basically a win button against captains and warchiefs, and Celebrimbor himself is severly nurfed ourside of that one ability (taking away things like slow-motion shooting and stunning, decreased total health and elf-shots). Some of the missions are very frustrating while others are very easy, leading to annoying difficulty spikes throughout the entire game. Overall, a very frustrating experience not worth going over. Avoid."
,Recommended,241930,19081754,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,goobstzeentach,i got cocky early on and now there is a high level captain that i need to get revenge on10/10 i'm coming for you orthag
76561198094424425,Recommended,241930,16787383,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Raminator,"A beautiful third-person action title that has deep role-playing game elements embedded firmly into it. You also get enormously detailed and deep environments, with unique enemies to populate it. This is no doubt the best LOTR game ever!"
,Recommended,241930,33405062,Posted: 9 July,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Worth buying.
,Recommended,241930,33457039,Posted: 11 July,all,DarthMage,"YOU, FIGHT FOR MORDOR!YOU, FIGHT FOR THE BRIGHT-LORD!"
76561198109054692,Recommended,241930,13329844,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,lulacincodedos,"Dude, this game is just fantastic. I reccomend this, it's the better game in the world. You make a relation with the people in Mordor. That orc that kill you and have been promoted gets to your black list. The other orc that killed you four times you begin fear him. When you see a human slave been punched, you feel like you need to save him. Buy it. And they don't pay me to say this."
76561198073722155,Recommended,241930,32029461,Posted: 28 May,all,Marinix,I LOVE IT <3
,Recommended,241930,15212243,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,feefyefowfum,"Playing with a GTX970 @ 1080p with HD textures, with everything set to Ultra (even on the Ultra preset, you have to manually set Ambient Occlusion to Ultra), this game rocks! Don't mind the 6GB requirement, it only applies if you'll go 4K. My GTX970 uses around 3.5GB of VRAM during play. It does hit above 3.5GB but I don't notice any stutters as it uses the controversial 512MB. Running the in-game benchmark, I get 70+fps on average with a low of 50+ and a high of 105+.TL;DR: GTX970 @ 1080p, set everything to Ultra! =D"
,Recommended,241930,17450383,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Jared,8/10♥♥♥♥♥iest final boss ever holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that was pathetic...
76561198019109823,Recommended,241930,15794588,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Heil Hank,"This game, this game.10/10Everyone should get it, solid af combat.Great story.Decent characters.It's LoTRgraphics are really smoothe and appealing."
76561197999737264,Recommended,241930,16286061,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,gary,"Let's get it out of the way, this is Batman in New Zealand after the apocalypse.  It is literally ""let's put Batman in Lord of the Rings"".  The combat is identical, if not so smooth, climbing and movement is the same, if not so smooth, there is even a detective mode, if not as useful.The orcs are great (aww Ratbag tries so hard) and what make the game, the stomping on the lore not so much.  The hero is blander than plain yoghurt (I struggle to remember his name and frankly don't care, he's some ranger, something something).  The shoehorning of Gollum into the plot, while he literally re-inacts ""The Taming of Smeagol"" chapter from the book, is a little sad and desperate (although I appreciate that Gollum's lurking around the black gate is within canon).  The environments are boring and generic and seem to have been hit with the clone tool too much and some things just don't make sense (a captain is terrified of Caragors but is literally within swiping distance of one in its cage for example).  But all that said if you stick to beating up orcs and get involved in their shenanigans then there is a lot of fun to be had.  Each orc captain has personality and visual flair with their own strengths and weaknesses that you can learn and exploit, they even remember if they've killed you before (it's complicated).  Although as Yahtzee said in his review the standard orcs are desperately insecure and tend to act like they need a group hug and a family therapy session, ""I'm the best at killing everything,"" they will often cry or ""I hate you lot so much"" is another of their quips.  I'd have preferred to have them gossiping about the captains or the changes in the power structures which are frequent and keep things fresh.The story is meh, revenge something, something, flashbacks at the start to try and setup the characters something, something, some elven wraith, more flashbacks, something, something.  I don't really care.  The better story is that of the orc captains, for example the aforementioned Ratbag, easily the most interesting character I've come across so far, his rise through the ranks despite being the orcish embodiment of Benny Hill is great to watch and he has some great lines.The upgrades are also meh, collect money to increase my health by 20 or add a rune to my weapon (think the stamps from South Park the game) which might give me X% chance to do X% something, something.  Neither inspire much interest, the challenges are interesting though and the bonus objectives on missions keep you on your toes.Still, it's a great game, just ignore the fact it's set in middle-earth and focus on bashing the mutated Kiwis."
76561197971463941,Recommended,241930,16369956,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,gargoylle.ltk,"Great story, great combat, great performance. All around great. I'd also recommend both of the extra campaigns, both are quite fun and add cool story elements.I'd give this a 8.5/10 easily."
76561198132384745,Recommended,241930,16579117,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,s1d,Shadow of Mordor doesn't even need Lord of the Rings. The Nemesis system is a game unto itself. Buy this 9.99999/10. Not finished cutting off ork heads yet.
,Recommended,241930,17476962,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Literally MegaMan,"Lotta fun: hacking, slashing, taking over the minds of orcs... :D"
76561198118155941,Recommended,241930,15304228,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,PYRO MANEACT,Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is a great homage to the lord of the rings unieferse it dosent ubstrucred with the books and the dlc is a great exp[ancion to the storys
,Recommended,241930,15570777,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,peps,"My Experience so far with Middle-Earth Shadow Of Mordor has been fantastic. I have purchased the full bundle for 25 USD. This game is fantastic, and definitly worth my money. Weather I was loafing around the scenery or trumping captains this game has satifyed my every needs. You should definitly purchase this game.Rate: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,15592891,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Diztrack,Want instant nerdgasm?Imagine a world where you can finally solve the following mathematical equation:Witcher 2 + Assassin's Creed + LOTR Lore = Nerdgasm level 9000 + Shadow of Mordor.Still on this review? Don't be a scum and just buy it.
,Recommended,241930,15754338,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Del Mingus,"So Shadow of Mordor places you in the boots of Talion a ranger serving at the black gate in Mordor who witnesses his wife and son killed (cliched i know) by the Black Hand during an Orc attack before being killed himself. However Talion is possesed by an elven wraith called Celebrimbor who brings Talion back to life essentially making Talion immortal. Though he can be killed he'll keep coming back to life and so he sets about getting revenge.Which leads onto the best feature of this game, the Nemesis system. Talion has to face off against the Uruks of Mordor with the Uruk army having their own ranking system of captains and warchiefs who vie with each other for power. You as Talion can influence this system by killing warchiefs or captains and affecting this system. However in turn if a lowly Uruk or  captain kills you he gets promoted. The Uruks themselves are the stars of this game with each captain and warchief having their own strengths and weaknesses and personalities and you can develop rivalries with them.The rest of the game is ok but flawed. Talions wraith powers are a lot of fun to use but you have to level him up to get the best ones so he's a bit weak at the start but becomes god-like later on.The Good:- Excellent nemesis system which is a brilliant feature of the game allowing you to influence the Uruk ranking structure and develop rivalries with them-Talions wraith powers are a lot of fun later in the game when you unlock them.- Fans of LOTR lore will enjoy this one as it gives more insight into the origin of the Ring.The Bad:- Horrible movement controls which frustrate. Trying to get Talion to climb a wall for example can take multiple attempts sometimes as he just jumps at the wall instead of climbing up.-The non-Uruk characters in general are pretty dull and uninteresting-Story missions also are generally boring as well.-First half of the game isnt great and i had to force myself through it. The second half however gets a lot better.Overall this game has it's flaws but if you can stick them out and the dull first half then you'll find an enjoyable game in here which certainly is one of the best Middle Earth games i've played so far."
,Recommended,241930,16055740,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Clarque,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is definitely in my Top 10 favorite games. Initially I thought that the game revolved around the Nemesis System, which is a system where you will fight through the ranks of the Uruk Captains to eventually face the Warchiefs. I was pleased to learn that there's much more to it than that.The ProsThe Nemesis System. It's easy to sink hours into hunting down the Captains and Warchiefs. The organic evolution of the Captains as you kill or be killed by them makes the game feel more yours. Each Captain and Warchief are unique, with strengths and weaknesses for you to exploit. Truly a great system and just the first of many that I hope to see.Fluid combat system à la the Batman Arkham series makes fighting hordes of Uruks fun and challenging.Voice acting is top-notch! Troy Baker as Talion knocks it out of the park.Graphics aregorgeous. The landscapes and character models are incredible.The ConsIt'stoo short. The main story leaves you wanting more. The DLC thankfully delivers a little, but I wanted to see more of a progression and a buildup. I was left unsatisfied.The freerunning system à la the Assassin's Creed series, while great, is frustrating at times. Unless you hit the wall atjustthe right angle, you will not scale it. Multiple times I've ran at a wall only to run into it and be slaughtered by Uruk.The sidequests became very tedious. I felt myself asking, ""How many more of these do I have to do?"" when it came to freeing slaves or doing the Hunting/Gathering challenges.I highly recommend this game if you're a fan of the Batman Arkham series or the Assassin's Creed series. It's all in all a fantastic game. Would I pay full price? No, but I would pick it up if it were 25% off."
,Recommended,241930,16396902,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Traction,"Shadow of Mordor is verging on a masterpiece from the Middle-Earth collection. By far one of the best they've made. The story alone was very powerful and I found myself engrossed through the whole campaign to an extent where I was forgetting the time! However, the story of course isn't the only perk this game offers. The graphics is by far some of the finest a game needs. It was ahead of my expectations, from previously playing any other franchise collections. To make this review more structured, I'll structure this into three sections.Gameplay - 10/10 : The game had a very natural combat system, quite similar to Assassins Creed™. However, having played the both, I can say this game had the obvious edge over the other franchise. Has a very great parkouring engine and allows you to use it with full functionality (didn't experience any hiccups). Two combat aspects revolve around this, which straight off the bat sounds cool. I forgot to mention this game-play is a third-person open world game.The game isn't limited to what you do and doesn't just say ""you can either stealth or loud approach this"". No no, this game pulled off the system I was looking for. YOU can go either option, but you'll soon realize pre-planning fights and choosing the right approach is needed. You can stealth in some situations, but sometimes it's better just to be blatent for some combat approaches; To an extent where certain Orcs can counter stealth approaches.There's much more to this game that I'm not mentioning, but for the better reason that I don't want to just ruin this experience if you haven't played this before. However, I do say. I was only covering the smallest of a fraction towards this 10/10 rating.Graphics - 8/10 : Keep in mind, my initial expectations before getting this game wasn't the greatest. But I still had good expectations for it. However, my thoughts were mind-blown over the graphics. Shadow of Mordor has a really natural graphics feel. To me, that's what it needed. I didn't want a game that was more graphics over game-play. Least to say, the game has some really excellent graphics and deserves credit for giving it all the effort.Story - 8/10 : It took me a good few hours to even realize killing orcs all the time wasn't getting me anywhere. Clearly, the orcs are infinite :/ However, once I got into this story, it really shined a light from your typical Middle-earth Story. I've somewhat gathered this is before mordor was completely dominated, golum existed and only briefly after the one ring was created (correct me if I'm wrong). Talion (the central character) was used as part of a blood ritual with his family as a sacrifice, comes back from this tragic scene later to be revived/re-born. However, only this time there is a bind between death and life with his spirit connection Celebrimbor. The story bases around both the characters working together to get revenge on their pasts and defeat the very evil within Mordor.This game shouldn't be spoken about too much as it's a game YOU NEED TO PLAY! I've done my best to give you an insight on my perspectives on it. However, don't judge my ratings. I felt this game was perfect just the way it was. Will kill The Black hand again 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,15644722,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Thraiso,"It's Assassin's Creed, minus the conspirational theories and the whole overly complicated gods among humans plot, plus Lord of the Rings. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,241930,16364556,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Krion,"It is hard NOT to recommend this game! Though it is very similar in terms of combat style to games like the Batman Arkham Series (and some would go as far as comparing it to Assassin's Creed) it brings its own unique twist. Obiously, the Nemesis system is the big highlight of this game that makes it stand out but its large open world and plethora of sidestories and challenges makes this ~12 hour game much bigger and fun to revisit! :-)"
,Recommended,241930,16753664,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Red,"Shadow of Mordor brings a whole new awesome installment to the LOTR franchise of games. As WB is know for brings in the Batman-style rhythm based combat and brings in something new to gaming, the Nemesis System. This is basically a randomized algorithm that creates Saurons army of warchiefs, high captains, and captains with randomly generated names, titles, strengths, weaknesses, fears, and traits. This keeps the combat system fresh in the game that otherwise would probably get very repetitive and stil somewhat does in the later DLC's. The story is slightly short however it makes up some time and enjoyment in the open world gameplay of collecting herbs, hunting animals, and legend missions to upgrade gear. All while interrogating and branding the army to slowly rule over Mordor with your army of branded Uruk. While doing all of this you'll be running around in an amazing atmosphere with weather effects that truly make this game beautiful. 8/10"
,Recommended,241930,16106702,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jet Black,"I'm not a huge fan of open world games, and I am also not a fan of playing games through to 100% completion, but on rare occasions I find a game that makes every moment so enjoyable, that I simply cannot stop; Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is one of those great games. Like the Rocksteady Batman games, I played almost all the side missions and additional encounters before completing the story - because they were simply so much fun to do! In other open world games I will usually try each of the side mission types once (because the game usually forces you to do each one at least once), and then I push through the story because it's just so uninteresting. Again, this game makes everything enjoyable.Combat is very much like Batman, with a mix of Assassin's Creed (not because of the controls but because of the murder). Whether jumping from heights to kill an Orc, or brutalizing him in front of his comrades to scare them off, it's always a blast.I could go on and on, but simply put: This game is worth your attention if you enjoy games. Don't worry if you're not a Lord of the Rings fan... there is plenty here to keep you entertained whether Tolkien is your thing, or you long for the simple pleasure of taming giant beasts only to make them bash and eat Uruk Hai."
76561198049491696,Not Recommended,241930,24958743,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Zombie Fingers,"2/10If you don't have anything good to say about something, don't say anything. I try to live by this That being said. I didn't Like this gameI had such hopes.A short tutorial also gave give a little backstory. I was excited. I entered the dark and vile world of Mordor  and the story line evaporated. The game quickly became a shooting gallery, with Orcs as targets. Sure it was cast in an interesting space where there were plenty of places to go. Shure there were Orcs to sneak up on and kill. There were Caragors to maul you. Graugs to stomp you into jelly. There were fun and challenging quests.There was blood to be spilled, throats to be cut (with a disgustib/cool sound effect) and entrails to be spread about.There was even Gollum.So why, you may ask didn't I like the Game?Because, dear reader,  I like a story.  I want a tale to go with slashing and spellcasting.And Middle Earth: Shdow of Mordor ain't got no story.For me it's a deal-breaker.Another thing that anioyed me. After a couple of Gollum quests, they just dropped him. I was looking forward to his nastyness Throughout the whole game.I enjoyed the things I talked about at the begining. I liked riding Caragors and Graugs. Espesially the Graugs. Had a lot of fun stomping on OrcsI liked the Orcs dialog. In most games I quickly tire of the NPC's repetative chatter. The Orcs, with their ""dumb as a sack of rocks"" banter kept me laughing long after I had heard the same thing over and over.All this said I didn't finish the game. I got to the final battle, said 'why bother' and went on to somthing elseMiddle Earth: Shadow of Mordor. I didn't like it, but I kind of liked it, but I didn't like itI am so confused.I give it two out of nine wring wraiths <sic>"
,Recommended,241930,24295864,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,gluonsmuons,Awesome: YesReplayable: Also YesShould you buy: Hell yes!
,Recommended,241930,13048433,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,oTYL3R,"""Imagine thowing Asassains Creed, Batman Arkham, Beautiful Graphics, a Questionable ending and Awesome voice-acting though an Oblivion gate"" -oTYL3R 9/10"
,Recommended,241930,14638582,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,zxj4k3xz,"One of my favorite games. Going into it, I had fairly high expectations, as I love most anything LOTR related, but wasn't looking forward to the combat system I despised in Batman and Assassin's Creed. Boy, did they blow my expectations out of the water. Great story, if a bit short, that leaves you waiting for a sequal, the combat system was actually very well done and was enjoyable! A great change from the other games I mentioned. The Warchiefs and Captains made for fun, varied gameplay, as did deciding whether to brand, and gain an ally and some Elf-shot, or simply execute the enemy in the most vicious way you could.All in all, very worth the $75 I spent on it and the season pass."
,Recommended,241930,14283904,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,FurTrash,Best game ive had in a while
,Recommended,241930,18196453,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,heil hitler,So good!  Shot arrow up graug's buttcrack and had lots of nasty sex with graug and friends.  A+
76561198123652848,Recommended,241930,24734743,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Evil Overlord,"Pros:~Enjoyable combat.~Passable stealth.~Mounts that don't really hinder your combat ability.~Ratbag.~Some challenging fights.Cons:~Dull story.~AI who can't decide if they should be upset with the crouched human who keeps stabbing their buddies.~Too many captains or warchiefs with a weakness to range or stealth makes it a bit too easy at times.~On the flip side captains who are damned near invulnerable save for one or two environmental weaknesses they are never near can be incredibly annoying, especially when they decide to crash the party you were having with another captain.Overall I enjoyed 'Shadow of Arkham', while its story was fairly weak the gameplay more than makes up for it. On or off sale it is certainly worth the asking price."
,Recommended,241930,24457130,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Sry am retarded :D,nice
,Recommended,241930,21231501,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,dennys 1v9,Good game.
76561198025951429,Recommended,241930,12362653,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,CM_Hireman,"Definitely one of the best open world games I've ever played, and I've played a LOT of them. The combat is as players say, like the Batman Arkham series. I've personally put more than 20 hours into Batman Arkham City and Shadow of Mordor does a great job of maintaining the excellent flow of combat from Batman while adding a few mechanics of its own, mixing it into a unique hack and slash experience. A VIOLENT one at that. The violence just helps makes it THAT MUCH more fun to massacre endless waves of orcs or skillfully slit every bloody orcs' throat. The orcs are called the Uruks in the game by the way. Lord of the Rings fans, no more worries. This game has done fan service and justice to LOTR games.Gameplay:Having played the game, I can tell you that the combat can get repetitive and I found myself killing orcs and killing orcs and  killing orcs for 90% of my time spent in the game. It never occurred to me that the repetitiveness killed the joy of playing the game though. However, for those who don't enjoy Batman Arkham combat and the way Batman skillfully knocks everyone out, do not worry. The game, even without a difficulty setting, does a MARVELLOUS job on making sure you don't just kill off waves of orcs without breaking a sweat. As of now I have been killed once by a REGULAR genuine orc soldier because of every single orc surrounding me trying to throw spears at me and rip me apart. It is not as repetitive as some people say, but repetitive is the correct word. It's just that it's so GOOD at transforming the repetitiveness into fun :D Exploring revolves around running and getting yourself a caragor and climbing stuff. Yes, it is very similar to Assassin's Creed in terms of exploration but the stealth mechanics are also based on how you ""fly"" through the world. You'll find yourself fluently leaping onto one orcs after another and brutally murdering their faces most of the time and it does a great job of making you feel like a badass again. The orcs never seem to look up though.One of the main features of the game is the Nemisis System. It sounds complex at first but you'll get the hang of it and understand why this system is such a game changer.That orc soldier I mentioned earlier who killed me took the honor and rose as the captain of the army. Yes, a generic grumpy old orc actually has his own personality and damn did I enjoy cutting his head off and shutting him up once and for all. The Nemisis System makes the game dynamic, more of a sandbox and less like a linear kill this kill that system. Power struggles among the Uruks are triggered randomly and you can choose to cope with them, killing either one of the captains or warchiefs or even killing BOTH involved in the chaos. Or you could just always wait for them to settle matters in their own way. It is NOT just a hoax and it actually works pretty well. You can also ""command"" warchiefs to fight another of his ugly fellows and aid him in your self created power struggle. The system helps make you feel in control and pull the strings and possibly mess up the system :)Story:Lord of the Rings. Need I say more?Well I do. The intro creates a dark and sinister atmosphere. The signature ""YOU ARE BANISHED FROM DEATH"" from the trailer still gives me chills. The voice acting is EXCELLENT of course with the sexy voice of Troy Baker voicing Talion the main protagonist. The pace of the story however varies upon how fast you wish to complete all of the story missions. According to some reviews, abilities in combat will be locked off if you do not complete certain story points first, resulting in less fun in my opinion. I however did the ""grinding"" thing and kept on doing side missions. Still got the thrill of combat running through my veins.Visuals:This is NOT Witcher 2, but it is damn impressive for a LOTR game. The vegetation of the first map is really missing but the second one gives a lush green atmosphere, more tropical than the first one. And yes there are two maps only but you have too much activities to do to care about the map size. The visuals are similar to that of the console versions but still pack enough power to make it ""next gen"" of course. The textures are not mind blowing but gets the job done. Needless to say PC gamers wished more for the ultra HD content pack. It's not underwhelming but it's still great and not disappointing. The optimization was fine and there was actually a lot of customization in terms of graphics options.Verdict:This is what you would expect from the Open World genre. It mixes in several elements which are major features like the Nemesis System and the character upgrade system which you'll fully upgrade if you do the right things in no time. The combat is excellent and even when the whole game is based on killing orcs and making yourself feel like a badass, it holds up like the beacon of light for open world combat being able to get on par with the Batman series. Perhaps even surpass that level of smooth combat flow. It's not God of War though for people thinking out there. I would say the combat is between God of War: Ascension and Batman Arkham City. It's way less scripted and linear though. Less brutality and more skillful killing. It is more on the open world sandbox side of things. It is WORTH FULL PRICE but I wouldn't go for the season pass because of personal reasons :) The fun you're getting is actually endless now that I think about it and if you absolutely love LOTR or killing orcs simply, well, this will make your day! And did I mention you can turn an entire freaking army of orcs towards that warchief you want to stab the living crap out of?8.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,12386820,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,WillStyle,Once you play you never feel wanna off your pc LOL must buy! Just like assasin creed
76561198045355111,Recommended,241930,12398885,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Toots,Assassin's Creed is better than ever.10/10
,Recommended,241930,12405364,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Court,"You know this game is fun. Killing orcs is a blast, the nemesis system is cool, the story and setting is interesting. Some great voice work aswell. Just I found this to be a bit easy, even handicapping myself to make it harder it was still easy."
76561198065219263,Recommended,241930,12316069,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,AoD Big Luke,"Dude... this is one of the best games I've ever played. It's like Assasins Creed had a beautiful baby with the Lord of The Rings.  Gorgeous game, stellar voice acting, Controls are flawless, and it's super fun! The campaign is intense. This is a must own game."
76561198078703203,Recommended,241930,12332219,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,ATOMICBADGGER,i would gladly sell my whole family and my legs for this game.
,Recommended,241930,12338793,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Jewfreeus,assassin's creed and batman arkham city had a child and now we have shadow of mordorbuy it it's awesome
,Recommended,241930,12386464,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Lord Dios,early game can be frustrating once you complete the first couple of missions in the second area it becomes a lot more fun
,Recommended,241930,12398100,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,MorphlingV2,"Score:8/10If you like the idea of killing lots of orcs in Tolkien's setting with a battle system extremely similar to Batman series then this is the game for you. Otherwise you should likely pass.Details+ Combat feels great and looks spectacular. A rare case when copying Batman works out perfectly because of responsive controls and high quality animations. There are also stealth elements in the game.+ Lots of abilities to unlock during game progress and most of them actually feel useful.+ Good visuals and sound effects.+ Top-notch voice acting both for main characters and orc enemies.+ Orc hierarchy and innovative Nemesis system. Orcs fight each other for power and you can use that to your advantage. Enemies who defeat you grow stronger and can be promoted. Defeated orc leaders may come back bearing scars from old battles and remembering you. Death is tied into this system making you want to avoid it without being too punishing. Orc leaders all have their strengths and weaknesses that can be exploited if you learn of them. Most of them are also memorable in appearance.+ Game appears to be close to bug-free on release, a rarity these days. In my playthrough I have not encountered a single issue.+ PC version is good. There are enough graphics settings and customizable controls. The game plays great both with keyboard + mouse and a controller, with K+M option actually being slightly better in my opinion.+ Plenty of Tolkien's lore to be discovered both helping gamers new to the setting learn more about it as well as providing more detail to those already familiar with it.+ You cannot fall to your death. While normally I do not see this as a plus, in the case of this game I feel it works out great because it makes traversing terrain and setting up ambushes a pleasant rather than frustrating experience while keeping the focus on the action.+ Game is open-world, offering a number of side activities outside of storyline missions.= Story is alright, but not great. It keeps you interested in progressing through it, but not more than that.= Music is fine, but not memorable.= Weapon rune sytem is fine in concept, but most of the upgrades feel like they do not really add anything noticeable.- The game could use some more enemy variety. Basically you face only four variations of orcs and three monster types. This makes an already very combat focused game become more repetitive. Orc captains are a saving grace in this case.- Game ending is a disappointing quick-time event, not something you expect from an otherwise great action game."
,Recommended,241930,12469920,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,jimmy,"Great game. Visually and story wise. Combat is fun and satisfying but can be a little too easy once you get the hang of it. Keyboard and mouse control is good. I have had no problems with it. I've only done the main story quests and that's it. If I didn't bother with killing so many Uruk captains I probably could have beat this game in about 5-6 hours. Still, with all the extra things you can do it adds a lot more hours of gameplay. Also, the Nemesis System if really cool. Not really game changing but a real fresh breath of air when it comes to games in general."
,Recommended,241930,12342480,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,surely,"Been a long time since a game like this has come around. Lots of new things that come out of nowhere, endless gameplay opportunities, an excellent port, and with perfect steam intergration. This is really worth the buy, I highly reccommend this game."
,Recommended,241930,12317309,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sylentic,"Honestly an amazing Experience, But! The End is poor and Sad. There is no Proper boss battle just 3 clicks of a Button and VIOLA won.The rest of the game was amazing. If you don't care about 1 boss battle then a get it and enjoy!"
,Recommended,241930,12329699,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Devnant,"Game can be a bit repetitive, but the nemesis system is so dynamic that keeps things interesting, Think of this game as a child between Batman and Assassins Creed, born into Middle-Earth!"
76561197983167775,Recommended,241930,12386736,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,RecoveringThug,Finally a Lord of the Rings Game done right!
76561197964133107,Recommended,241930,12371833,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Zainredding,God Game. Buy it.
,Recommended,241930,19954005,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Elpicy,E
,Recommended,241930,32037658,Posted: 29 May,all,xundeadblaze,loved this game
,Recommended,241930,26213336,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Privat3man,"If you like TheLord Of The Rings, this open world is for you...Everything is priceless, you will enjoy each mission, each combat, each ennemies, each heroes...The history is based on Tolkien, so buy it if you are a fan of Middle Earth.A prob cliff hanger at the end of the end shows us that it may have a next opus, and I hope so...Incredible game, 10/10, 100% fun, 100% pleasure.Thank you, WB studios for these awesome moments !"
76561198026797755,Recommended,241930,29921838,Posted: 14 February,all,Obamacare,Remember Stab Simulator 2- I mean Assassin's Creed 2 by Ubisoft? This is the LOTR version.
76561198000574093,Recommended,241930,29935844,Posted: 14 February,all,Trippingghost,"killed orks constantly for 8 hrs straight, so much orky orgy fun!"
,Recommended,241930,34854977,Posted: 9 September,all,Zeeve,"When a captain or warchief appears, I chant along with the other uruks.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJLCIo1qFjw"
76561198313351302,Recommended,241930,34830144,Posted: 8 September,all,Plankton,awsome game. had a ton of fun beating it. souron was way to easy. definatly a button mashing game.
76561198024417504,Recommended,241930,34033588,Posted: 5 August,all,AfghanCommando,"This is by far one of the best games I have ever played. So here's how it is:This game is a combinination of Assassin's Creed, Prince of Persia and God of War.The interesting thing is that it's not a ""difficult"" game at all. And as you move on with the game, everything will get easier and easeir. So here's my rating for the game:Gameplay: 10/10Graphics: 8.5/10Difficulty: 6Music: 10+/10Overall: 9/10One of the most awesome things in this game is its Music. It's one of the best I have ever listened to, just amazing!Totally, I absoloutly suggest this game to anyone who wants to play a very well-playing, moderate difficulty, and awesome music with a great story."
,Recommended,241930,31104440,Posted: 12 April,all,TheChaosCode,"This game is based on a good story,The only problem i had is it gets boring while playing it for to long.Positive factors :- A lot of action- A lot of path finding- A lot of play timeThe ending wil only disapoint you :P"
,Recommended,241930,34606152,Posted: 30 August,all,Dubs,"Alrights ladies and neckbeards! and ofcourse the sexy people who play this masterpiece.So everyone is excited for the sequel Shadow of MicroTrannies right? Wait i mean Shadow of War yes, gonna be good game still though.Anyway this is SoM im sorry im a fricking tired idk im like no sleep f uk. OK. *breaths in* ah♥♥♥♥♥*breaths in* nvm writing this is super cringey and stupid attempt at at being at funny fes nes jagpwna w. sorry.Ayway i love this game its like weed without illegalness and trumpo telling me i cant smoke it but i dont anyway because im like a typical white Polska boy, anyway. This game has the best system of all time, the fricking nemesis system!!! :ooo its ike so perfevt and♥♥♥♥♥ sorry i mean perfect**. Anyway im liek kinda drunk and exteemely tired im sorry for this review but my friend told me to write it. Shout out to Charles my gay portugal friend hello my love <3. Anway i love the orcs they are my lil homies. I ♥♥♥♥ing love the destroy orc so sexy mmhm i wanna lick it.. Lol that was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥weird ol ok nvm be quiet. So graphics are really guud i love the graphics and the lush greens in the second map yes sea of nirn or nurnen. yes nurnen not nirn. too much skyrim. anyway. wat else.. ah yes. i like the nemesis system oh wait nvm wait. i said that alrdy. ok i love the branding. and celebrimbor hes my G hes like my best pierogi friend. i love celebrimbor. shout out to Mike Deplater the developer whom i love. and Jared the twitch admin/administrator/working at it guy. yws♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. yes. they make this awesome game and people hating on them but warner bros are to blame for the microtrannies. but yes.i need to make paragraph thingy. kok. nice. why am i writng my thoughs help me. im really shouldnt be doing this but i want u wall to see wat i see. i am watching netflix the umm disjointed abiut weed people very nice. i miss Jon Snow. OK so last part. Mordor is beautiful game u should buy it totes worth the thingy. i always play it when im super tired so i can not go sleep at 1:20pm time of wrting this. so i go sleep at 9pm hoepfully. ye. so anyway i give this game a solid 10/11 , 11 because they didnt give talion anything to eat like ever and i know his wraith conjoined with celebrimbor but still. ok.Grog is nice, its a orc alchol toxic to us but its nice. i like how they enjoy it. i like exploding it too. ok so to actually review the game im gonna say that u are a gondorion guard or soldier a ranger actually. and u get stuff happened to you which is sad but yeah. ok so buy this game because i  like it so im am a csgo player who actually likes to play skyrim more but yeah. ok so yeas buy this zexy gane abd then preorder shadow of war becuz its worth it gr8. so rry for bad grammar i am very tired my friend plz bear with me. bear? or bare? idk. ok so if u hate this guy dislike or giv funny stuff or just approve so im not sad. becuz i like this review. bye bye my loves <3 kawnibqibf oh sorry."
,Recommended,241930,35071825,Posted: 19 September,all,Verde_Manzana DoPCrew (SKVR),"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is a fun game with an interesting slew mechanics to play around with, neatly all put together with a story that doesn't compell much thought and feels like a contrived set of circumstances only a put there as a foot-note to justify Ork genocide, slavery, stalking and abuse... I mean to justify the mechanics of the game.Shadow of Mordor spends little less than four minutes developing our undead-edge lord MC before they thrust the player into the world of Murder, I mean Mordor. The cinematics, where most of the story is told from, seemed rushed as if they were trying to tell as much story as they could with each scene that they showed. Saddly because of this seemingly rushed character development I couldn't connect with our character; although I'm sure having your wife and son killed in front of you, only to have yourself brought back unwillingly to fight a Great Evil, uhh well sucks, I as the player only knew the MC's family for all of ten seconds before they were killed off, and most of the interactions we get as a player with said family are through flashbacks, and likewise serve as a tutorial. This left me feeling unattached and dispassionate whenever our Edge-lord hero would brood about his family or about how it totes sucks that he has to be an undead wraith that rules over an army of orks with magical powers and stuff.This game's story felt almost like approved fan-fiction, it has all of the elements and moments of a LOTR's IP that you could want, with all the appropriate shout-outs and special-guest showings that really helps the player ease into this fan-fiction and to turn on those rose-tinted nostalgia shades. I feel as if the story as a whole could have done without Gollum or god forbid any of the times Cellebrimbor quotes lines Gandalf said in the books.""Not all who wander are lost.""""Fly you fool.""and more fun call-outs to better writing and media will be heard for your pleasure.Like I said at the start, this is a fun game, great for killing some time, and orks. The mechanics are interesting and the nemesis system is hands down the coolest part of the game. The story was lackluster, rushed, and felt like it was written by the biggest Tolkien nerd who was unaware of the fact that they were such."
76561198236645752,Recommended,241930,18695717,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Ohadraz,"Excellent game: amazing combat , great graphics and a fine story it isn't the best RPG game but this game is super fun highly recommend"
,Recommended,241930,26439188,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,PizuK.-,I guess this should be called Orcs Must Die! 3?
,Recommended,241930,33629776,Posted: 18 July,all,BLuRocK,batman game in lotr theme. as a lotr fan i find it pretty good but after playing mad max (another arkham clone game) it got repetitive quickly. still worth the sale price
,Recommended,241930,19027180,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,watermelones,Amazing game! Storyline is awesome and the graphics and gameplay really back it up! 10/10
76561198131738931,Recommended,241930,33283215,Posted: 5 July,all,RocketManDave,sick game boii
,Recommended,241930,33278754,Posted: 5 July,all,St.Nicolous,"Great game, but a little bit short.I'd rate it 8.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,33278958,Posted: 5 July,all,iTzMajoR,We Need more games like this+Good Gameplay+Good Story+Open world+Tons of enemys and boss+Good Graphics and low usage of RAMGuys for the ultra settings this game Requires at least 6GB VRAM10/10
,Recommended,241930,12462179,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Rogerzz,"This game is amazing. The story is put together very well, and the cinematic cutscenes are astonishing.The combat in this game is a lot like the Batman Arkham Games, and has the stealth aspect of Assassin's Creed.If you are a fan of the Batman Games or Assassin's Creed series, this is a must buy.I highly recommend buying this game, and it is on my list of GOTY 2014.Verdict: 9/10."
,Recommended,241930,24524619,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Nexal,"Mix the core gameplay of a Batman Arkham game with the mechanics and exploration of an Assassin's Creed. Then, add a beautifully crafted Tolkien-esque skin over it and spice it up with a revolutionary Nemesis system, where killing enemies and being killed by them actually matters in the storyline and overall gameplay.Really enjoyable and fun, highly recommended (even more if you enjoy open world games)."
,Recommended,241930,18076478,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Crøss,A real masterpiece.
76561198271949378,Recommended,241930,25580701,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,✠Captain Fapoon✠,"This is not really a review, but EVERYONE who is going to buy this game needs to read this:First, LOOK AT THE MINIMUM SPECIFICATIONS!Second, make sure your GPU is DirectX11 compatible. Don't ♥♥♥♥♥ and say ""Don't buy this game!"" just  because you don't understand how your school macbook can't run this game.Third, make sure you have a PlayStation, Xbox, or (not recommended for anything) steam controller.The second one is very important. If your GPU is not compatible with DirectX11 then you CANNOT run this. Though there is a windows 8.1 method where you force warp♥♥♥♥♥♥to make the game think DirectX10 is DirectX11. That method gets you one frame per second. Notic i said frame, rather then frames. One frame per second looks like 3000000000 frames per second, its just not slow motion, its like trying to watch a movie on a DVD that you just took a♥♥♥♥♥♥on. It skips. One frame per second is just worse.Also, i do actually recommend the game. I have a GT 9500 thats why i haven't really played the game, no DirectX11 compatibility. From what i have played on PS4 the game is great. great combat, great parkour, great enemies, and great graphics. (it wasn't my PS4 and it was while i still drooled over consoles. Gaben touched me in places that made me change my mind about the PC.)"
,Recommended,241930,16686885,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Servo,middle-earth genocide crusade simulator
76561198053168792,Recommended,241930,31662619,Posted: 10 May,all,davidecencini,"It's entertaining, but after playing it through I think all the stellar reviews were a bit exaggerated. I really liked the plot, the variety of enemies, the mix between stealth and mass combat. The strategic side (dominating the orc chieftains and build your own army) is the most interesting idea, but its implementation is crude, it could have been handled so much better. When you need to give an order to an orc warchief, you have to go look for him through the entire map and physically dominate him. What a big waste of time, and plus, boring! A tactical screen would have been a much better solution, especially in order to manage the relations between captains and organize your army properly. The game's weak point is certainly its repetitive structure, which becomes tiresome after several hours of gameplay, and the lack of true narrative climaxes. The boss fights were a disappointment, only the first one proved fun, the other two were definitely too easy - I found some orc chieftains more difficult to handle! - and especially the last was all but insignificant.So I generally liked this game, without completely loving it. I hope the shortcomings of the first chapter will be addressed in the sequel because this franchise has great potential, but it needs to try harder on building tension, emotion and strategy. Vote: 70/100"
,Recommended,241930,26981584,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,VolticSurge,Donald Trump Simulator:Fantasy Edition. 9/10 it's OK.
,Recommended,241930,33362508,Posted: 7 July,all,BlackSymmetry,"Game is extremely high quality, in terms of gameplay, story and graphics. You can play stealth or full-on agressive combat, shoot arrows from a distance or ride a Caragor in battle, the game lets you play the way you want. For the dirt cheap price with which you can buy this amazing game, it would be a crime not to buy it, especially since its very well optimized."
,Recommended,241930,13070161,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Link,"Awesome game and totally worth the money. It gets harder and harder everytime you die and that makes it an endless game. You get very happy after killing a captain. Also, all of the characters are so cool. It is like ""War In The North"" plus ""Assassin's Creed"". What I would say to the person who is going to buy this is, YOU NEED TO BUY THIS GAME. About the graphics, Even in the low textures, it is not that bad. And for those who says ""third person is not for pc they are for console!"", They might be right. But only if you have a Playstation 4 or a Xbox one. Otherwise, the right choice is pc. Do not buy the game for Playstation 3 or xbox 360. I read the forums about it, and I didn't get very good results. This is just awesomeee!!!"
,Recommended,241930,23344497,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,David0vić,"Very fun and flashy combat making you feel like a badass taking heavy inspiration from assassins creed and batman arkham in multiple mechanics and features with the parkour, counter combat, exploration etc. It does them just as well. Loved the nemesis system felt great fighting orc captains that provided a bit of challenge in an overall easy game, maybe it works more to the games favor making the captains and warchiefs stand out from the regular orcs more because the regular orcs are so easy to deal with.  Story and characters are pretty forgettable and longer play sessions start getting repetitive.8/10 (Great)"
,Recommended,241930,12533022,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Neb9 Old,"The story line is linear and repetaive and too short, and there is little to do other than the story line in the small ""open world"" map.The combat system is super easy and tedous.There is basic parkour but it far more limited than the parkour in assasins creed.But over all I would say it is fun, although worth $25-$35 not $45."
,Recommended,241930,25325654,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SoyRiggar,oh yeah this is the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241930,12323720,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,．ｒａｒ　♛,"The best open-world RPG I've ever played. If you combined the environment from Skyrim, plot of Lord of The Rings, stealth in Far Cry 3, combat system from Batman and the Parkour from Assassins Creed, then this is what you would get! Not only can you run in hacking and slashing your way through patrols of creatures known as ""Uruk"", but you can stealthily take down and eliminate an entire enemy stronghold!The combat can be very strategic sometimes as you will soon be having to dodge spears, swords and arrows all at once. The environment is absolutely astonishing, although my PC can only average 35FPS on nearly the lowest settings, (2 year old PC mind you), the game still looks amazing and I can only wait to see how far the modding community can go to improving the textures to an even greater extent.In the game there are captains, veteran captains, warchiefs ect. and you have to take them down and destroy the morale of Sauron's Army form within. If one of these captains gets the better of you, (either it kills you or you run away), then next time you two encounter there will be a specialised greeting acknowledging that you have come back to meet your death or that they swore they killed you in their dreams. Although the main story is quite short, (20 missions total), the player is always getting distracted by side quests, Uruk captains/warchiefs, Uruk patrols, Uruk camps, Weapon challenges ect. In the land of Mordor there is always something to do and I highly recommend buying this game.TL:DRYou can eradicate hordes of Uruk and survive from 100ft plummets 10/10."
76561198066084384,Recommended,241930,12559335,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Cpt_Dimitri,So Fine a game
,Recommended,241930,22605889,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,WordiestGnome,"Great fun, can be said to be a little repetative but it's enjoyable."
,Recommended,241930,30409759,Posted: 9 March,all,ste@mpunkthing,"I reccomend this game for the current price it's at. Which is $20. You're essentially paying for satisyfing grotesque animations. There's no real plot, or story. The open world is very dull, and I got bored of it very quickly. I watched Netflix on my phone as I played this game. It wasn't cultivating enough to contain my full attention at any point. Something I found pretty fun was playing music as I tried to get myself surrounded by as many orcs as possible, just so I could sync up the beat drops of the song with the excecutions. Co-op would've made this game great, but whatever. A fun kinda silly game. I enjoyed it more then any Assassins Creed. A controller is a must have for this game by the way. Plug in an Xbox or PS controller, like you would Assassins Creed."
,Recommended,241930,12370905,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,MysticForger,This game is amazing it's like a cross between Batman and Assassin's Creed
,Recommended,241930,12343759,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,CloudySky,"8/10 in terms of being very addictive and had some crazy fun epic battles but in the end it was too short. I beat it in 3 to 4 days including 100% side/optional missions and 100% steam achievements and doing all that was 80% of my game time. The other 20% was the main missions which were short. Cutscenes looked nice but felt lackluster overall. Overall, this game is great but it won't last long."
76561198006593327,Recommended,241930,12312362,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Black Puma,Invaded a orc captains feast and wrecked him and his boys only for him to come back after I killed another captain with scar marks on his face and raged that I left him for dead. I then beat him down and lit him on fire apparently burning him to death . He came back a little while later with a bag on his face swearing he wouldn't be defeated again. I proved him wrong and plunged my sword through his throat finally ending this very unlucky orcs life.10/10 had my own nemesis who's life I ruined !
,Recommended,241930,12309755,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Lopti,"Pros:Smooth and brutal combat.Great Graphics, physics and sound.Golem singing awesome songs about stinky mean rangers.Can behead everything.Cons:May induse nerdgasims and loss of time."
,Recommended,241930,12636252,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Devx-,This is the best game... buy
,Recommended,241930,12606203,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Dan Tan the Fam Man,"Flawless immersion into a lore as immense and complex as Tolkien's is nearly impossible. Once that is realized, the game is very enjoyable.Lore is seamlessly weaved into the storyline via discoverable artifacts and Ithildin. Gameplay at all levels of progress is surprisingly invigorating and challenging. Cinematics (especially the intro) are beautiful. The nemesis system is extraordinary and introduces unique gameplay based on which Captains you choose to murder.The only downside is the simple combat system; the same combos can be used to kill inifinitely many enemies while taking minimal damage. However, the unique combat strategies make up for this.Overall 9/10"
76561198165562395,Recommended,241930,23351622,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Swagnemite,It's like the Batman Arkham series... but with swords n' orcs n' stuff.
,Recommended,241930,12327642,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kaywary,"So,I played the game trough and must admit I expected something different. Its a open world expirience with different approaches. Pitty there are no big battles against an greater army of orcs or uruks.It as its similarities to Assasins Creed but I prefere the combat system, And you can jump from everywhere and you don't give a dam. (No fall damage)If you want a good game with a storyline that does not need to be afraid of Tolkien, you defenitly will have fun with the Shadow of Mordor!"
,Recommended,241930,12334403,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,doomleika,"""What a surprise. This game doesn't suck, actually, it's good.""This will be the feel of those who played Shadow of Mordor.Yes, it looks like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ branded game from popular IP for quick cashYes, it's Assassin Creed with brown everything and crumbled fantasyYes, it's Arkham City with sword and orcs.Guess what? You don't give a ♥♥♥♥! Because it's that good.Set in between The Hobbits and LotR trilogy.  You play as Talion, a ranger of Black Gate whose wife and son are murdered in front of his very eye before his own demise in the fall of Black Gate. Yet, he's denied from death. Binded with an elven wraith. Standing on now crumbled Mordor. He's forced to trail on a Quest for death...and vengence.Fun fact: 'Talion' is roughly 'An eye for an eye' in Latin, you get the idea."
,Recommended,241930,12469981,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Thorin Oakenshield,"Highly recommended, although I was a bit iffy about the combat before I got it, that doubt is gone. The game is good, the gameplay is good, the story is good, although some of the side quests are a bit annoying. I have encountered no bugs so far, one of the main cons would be the actual size of the game itself, 34 gigs, and at one point when I was halfway through the download it got reset back to 133 MBS from 16 gbs, although thats probably just steam being steam.In other words, yes, buy it if you have the money."
76561198154495176,Recommended,241930,13205173,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,{H||R} Bull Shark Testosterone,Great game!BUT!!!! If you have a computer or mac whatever this game might be a little laggy for you so u do need a decent computer to run it good.
,Recommended,241930,23423436,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dr.Pug M.D.,Story 9/10: it was a little shorter than i expectedMusic and audio 9.5/10Gameplay 9001/10
,Recommended,241930,18999444,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,yung maestro,tolkien meets monotonous Ubisoft open world
,Recommended,241930,12327607,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,SnakeStampede,Great Game 9/10. Would have been a 10/10 if it was on steam.
,Recommended,241930,23465504,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,OL3,Best ork♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator 10/10
,Recommended,241930,26115860,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,CoolGuyRift,"After finally finishing the story and both expansions, I feel I can now write a real review for Shadow of Mordor.After playing for hours on the Xbone, I decided to buy the PC GOTY Edition with the money I got refunding Arkham Knight, way back when. And I can firmly say that money was well spent.Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is, in my opinion, the best game of 2014, and probably one of the most inovative games of all time. The gameplay is essentially a mix of the Batman Arkham games and Assassins Creed. The story line is pretty good, but the story isn't what makes this game so amazing.Of all the hours I have, most all of them were just spent free-roaming and killing Uruk captains. The story isn't bad, but killing captains is just a lot more fun and addicting, and can keep you enthralled for hours. The ranking system among the Uruks and how you effect it is phenomenal, and unlike anything I have ever played before. There is much to the main game that will keep one interested for hours upon hours: 2 huge locations to free roam, many side missions, and endless Uruk captains.When you finally get all you can out of the main story, there are 2 expansions to play. With full free-roam and Uruk captains to kill during, including new styles of play that come with them, the two expansions are definetly worth playing through.The game is beautiful, voicing is great (Troy freakin Baker man), there is nothing bad about this game.When on sale, it is definetly worth picking up. Even if it's not on sale, the game is worth full price.A perfect 10/10 game for me."
76561198140349510,Recommended,241930,16235344,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Plato,10/10 Head Chopping Simulator
,Recommended,241930,12403721,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Eric - CriticalHits.com.br,MAN SWINE
,Recommended,241930,26212951,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Anaheim,"I bought this game while on sale last year but never got around completing it and recently while I was bored as♥♥♥♥♥♥ decided to reinstall it and complete it. I am amazed why I didn't complete this in one sitting, this game is what all open world arpg's should strive to be. It has beautiful graphics and smooth movements and mostly has a vast variety of combat skills and combos. The combat is not at all smash x to kill but rather very varied and interesting. Taming wild beasts and mind-controlling enemy orcs just adds to all the chaotic fun. The stealth + swordplay + ranger trio is perfectly executed in this game and you can play as anything you prefer.Lastly, the nemesis system is wonderfully done and I would like to see alterations of this in other games, adds to a layer of immersion.I would rate this game a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,241930,12312282,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Mr. Red Pants,"Put simply, this is the Middle Earth game to rule them all. Combat feels seamless, the nemesis system is brilliant and the environments give you an authentic Lord of the Rings experience. Without a doubt one of the best games I've played in years."
,Recommended,241930,12393891,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,dumpster baby,"Playing this game is a dream come true.I love the Batman/Assassins Creed feel combat, it makes everything smoother without taking out too much difficulty, aswell as adding tactics to an action game. Especially after you acquire brand.btwRIP Uthzuka the Sneaku wer bst NA"
,Recommended,241930,17347843,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Gothic Man,"This game is simply outstanding. It has many elements of Assassin's Creed, Batman games, Prototype, with an interesting Middle-Earth twist and an interesting boss system. The non-quest activities are also a blast. The game has AAA production values and has been great fun so far.Highly recommended! 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,17873635,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ðont count on me,"Great Game :D+great combat, great visuals and sound, fun enemy ranking system -not much on the story O_O"
,Recommended,241930,16705527,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,CaptainDerp,Possibly one of my favorite games ever made.
76561197991598380,Recommended,241930,17362031,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,GamerGawd,"Hella lota fun!!!Quite challenging but once you rank up, man, its so much fun when you get the combos just right and watch the onslaught of orcs turn into a bloody mess.10/10 on this game.worth every penny!"
,Recommended,241930,12319006,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,The Big Z,Shadow of Mordor does Assassins Creed better then Assassins Creed does Assassins Creed.9/10 bomb nuggets.
,Recommended,241930,12319067,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,requiao.a,"GOTY imho. Maybe that's enough said, but I'll just keep going. This game is unique, the thing as a whole doesn't get tiring, not even a bit. I love to do side missions, and oh, there are sooo many of them. I'm not far into the upgrading thing, but the abilities you get sure look and feel rewarding, it's not like those games that you end up thinking ""great, that was a point worth spending....."".The experience was really enjoyable, I can see myself playing this game for hours on end.ps.: I describe some of the experience as a ""good Assassin's Creed"". I hope some of you agree haha"
76561198039117465,Recommended,241930,12657063,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Clarky Cat,It's okay
76561198088492254,Recommended,241930,18460659,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,McStabins,"I walked into MordorI walked inside MordorI killed orcs inside MordorI Blew up a statue in MordorI killed three ""elite"" black Captains in MordorI dominated almost every Ork in Mordor10/10 Would prove Bormir wrong again"
76561198032187613,Not Recommended,241930,33357453,Posted: 7 July,all,IronGoat,"well...bottom line up front, looks pretty, can be fun.♥♥♥♥♥♥ console style control design. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ inexcusable camarathe controls are.. uninspired.. this is another game designed  100% to be a console game then ported ( badly) to pcthis isnt to say the game isnt fun. its just done poorly. a Pc player has 100+ keys to use for his games. but game developers like this put upteen million controls all on one button or axis.. want to sprint BY that climbable wall? TOO BAD! we are climbing cause sprint and climb are one button! BRILLLIANT!  also the game refuses to let me direct the flow of the battle by constantly changing my direction without ME changing my direction. want to fight your way through that horde to freedom? tough ship pal cause we are gonna have the game make you KEEP TURNING AROUND TO GO BACK. while you are attacking yay! its so ""epic"" to have the game decide i want to constanly wade into the MIDDLE of fights rather then stay at th edge of a large group..and the camara... can we say ""Lara Croft circa 1980s""?  yep lots of staring at solid objects behind you, blinding you during fights in tight spaces...yay... there is LITERALLY no excuse for developers some 30 years on to STILL be making ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 1980s 3rd person camara mistakes.. PERIOD.minor annoyances..this is far cry 3 with swords.. a map full of colorful candy shaped icons telling you where literally everything is thereby removing any desire to explore and find things..the map is a ""kill enough♥♥♥♥♥♥and the zone is yours/pacified"" type game like homefront 2this doesnt bother me too much but for those that hate this sort of thing. heads upi give it a 4 out of 10 pretty but could have been alot better with more thought and less copypasta of other games..i played it more and it just gets worse and worse.. i cant really recommend it in good conscience unless your a lazy gamer who wants to have to learn nothing and do nothing in order to ""appear"" epic in a game that does all the work for you..kinda like hiring a porn start to bang your wife and then going around bragging at what a good lover you are..."
76561198045777756,Not Recommended,241930,34056698,Posted: 6 August,all,Peasant,"Assassin's Creed's free running, Arkham's combat and Ubisoft's bland sandbox TM are all made worse and mashed together into this game. Combat in particular is boring and frustrating; the basic attack, counter loop is so pathetically easy that the game constantly introduces enemies which are immune to normal attacks or launch projectiles at you constantly from offscreen. The unique selling point is the Nemesis system where you can brainwash enemy captains and help them gain power. Unfortunately, this is hidden a fair distance into the story/character progression. Overall, it's a decent spectacle but a boring game."
76561198027691374,Not Recommended,241930,28989090,Posted: 3 January,all,DiRT-y Lad,"As good as the game is (graphics, GUI, gameplay), you cannot go more than a few steps without getting involved in a skirmish with a handful of orcs.This makes getting from A to B arduous, repetitive and frustrating, as on occasion you have start again from point A. I just want to play the damn story!!What finally stopped me playing was a mission involving taking over a fortress. I had 6 berserkers and a chief to take down. That's fine, but then dozens of orcs joined in as well, making it nigh on impossible to defeat the orcs, berzerkers and then the chief with the allocated health and weapons I'd been able to gather in the game at the time. Just stupid.I wanted to like this, but it's not for me."
,Recommended,241930,24118052,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,PapaDelta138,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordoris a third-person action adventure open-world game developed byMonolith Productions, the same developers who broughtClawinto our childhood. Anybody remember that game? No? That game made my childhood. I miss it...  T_TAnyway, this game takes place within theLotRuniverse, so you get to meet a memorable character, and take part in foiling the plan of the forces of Sauron. But, like most games based on books/movies, the story is non-canonical.Story: Set entirely in Mordor, you take the role of Talion, a ranger with a nice wife and a nice kid, who are killed as a sort of ritual sacrifice. Well, you are, too, but for story-related reasons, you come back alive, fusing yourself with another spectre named... Nevermind, I'll leave that to the story. The game presents the storymode in a non-linear manner, it's like you'll be playing 3 or 4 different arcs, and none of them will feel like they influence other missions. But, all in all, it's an entertaining story.Gameplay: It's a third-person open-world game, which is very similar to theAssassin's Creedseries. It also has role-playing abilities, so you could actually level up and buy skills and increase health and such. The game also introduces aNemesis System, in which you see the Uruks being commandeered by their leaders. So, if you engage one of the Uruks, and they kill you, they'll remember you the next time you engage them again. But there's more to it than that, though. So, it indeed is a deep system. The combat system is what is addictive about it. I fell in love with it. There's stealth incorporated in it, too, but I almost always go on the offensive, because it's mesmerizing ... chopping off Uruks' heads, flipping over them, riding Caragors over them ... kind of similar to the combat system in theBatman: Arkhamseries. Mmm.Visuals/Atmosphere: I have a potato system. But, I could say that the visuals are pretty nice. Nothing breath-taking, but enough for one to say that it's great. The ambience of the game is really good, but it takes away the LotR feel of it ... Until I see or hear or read about something that's LotR-like. So, in a way, you won't feel like it's a game based on theLotRuniverse. It'll just feel like a 3rd Century-related history game with an occasional appearance of characters from theLotRuniverse.Verdict: This game is a must-have forLotRfans. Personally, I'm not a fan, but this game changed my outlook toward the series, and I may give the series another shot. Be it the combat system, or the story, or just plain running around picking off Uruks randomly because you think they're a disease ... this gamedoes notfail to entertain."
,Recommended,241930,23791930,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,tanjinpang,"Bonus objective: Stealth kill the targetTarget is invulnerable to stealth.Deserve 9.9/10, missing 0.1 because I failed to stealth kill the target..."
,Recommended,241930,24351425,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,zeroxxx,"Amazing game, definitely up for challenge in terms of graphic and gameplay.Long story short,this is like Batman Arkham series in terms of gameplay (Open World) and combat mechanics, but without jumping from building to building or Batmobile. Well, there's Caragor for riding around, but it's not even close. You can obtain experience or upgrade points from finishing both side quests or main quests, and use the resources to unlock skill trees and upgrade your three main equipments (bow, knife and sword). There are bunch of collectibles scattered throughout of Mordor, some are well hidden but the map is very thoroughly designed to help you finding them, not making things difficult and frustrating like Batman Arkham's Riddler Challenges. By finding the collectibles you can unlock additional resources and powers to help you in your journey.And yes, there are bunch of sidequests and collectibles that will take many hours to be completed.To understand the story, thankfully, you don't need to understand Lord of the Rings lore although it can help. The story is linear but there are two major subplots, can be completed in any given order due to the game open-world nature, which need to be finished before you can face the final boss.Boss battles mechanics though, disappointing. The only entertaining one is The Tower boss battle (almost at the end of the game), which combines Stealth Drain and game's Stealth function perfectly. The final boss is very awkward and leaves little impression for me due to QTE. QTEs are fine for last ditch effort in battle or for Caragor-mounting, just perfect, but please NOT for bosses or important fights, Mr Warner Bros. So much potential with Mordor's in-game mechanic, but they really really screwed this up.As of today (16/7/2016) the game is quite polished. Out of 30-40 hours of gameplay I have been in, I've experienced literally zero crash. And that's with alt+tab-ing so many times. The game is quite demanding graphic wise, so people with weaker rig must tone down the settings in order to get reasonable FPS. I can get stable 30 FPS if I set all low, medium yields around 23-25 FPS with i5 Broadwell, 8 GB RAM and 2 GB 840M. If you have powerful rig, it's pretty amazing visual wise, really worth it.Like other action games, playing with controller is recommended. I am quite content with the pre-programmed functions in-game and feel no change necessary. Aiming things with bow can be  quite difficult, though, and you may need training to familiarize yourself with the aim function paired with time-altering skill.Final say, definitely worthy game. 8.5/10, could've gotten much better with boss mechanics."
,Recommended,241930,12371334,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,I really enjoy boss baby,"The combat is like batman and with a clunky free running and stealth system version of assassin’s creed. The mouse and keyboard bindings are ok as well. The story is pretty mediocre but not bad it could have been made so much better but instead you spend most of the game fighting hoards and hoards of orcs and then fighting the bosses which to be fair I guess that’s pretty much all you would do in mordor. The freeflow fighting is really well implemented into the game using some features of the Batman games and it’s the only game apart from Batman I have seen implemented it so well.  The stealth and free running really lets the game down for me for the simple fact it could have been made so much better using some of the features in other stealth games eg, Dishonoured and assassins creed. The game is voiced very well and none of the voices feel out of place for the era. The graphics are brilliant with everything set on ultra and high the 6 GB memory needed for your gpu seems to not be the case when my 3 GB 780ti runs it on 30fps everything ultra-so that might be the case for other gpu’s as well . I feel the game needs something more to make it a solid 10/10 game like some new features such as a coop mode or play as different characters such as Legolas or Aragorn or Gimli for dlc or something. I just feel like the game could have been so much more but I really do think Monolith have done a great job by making the players story unique by making the head orcs have a connection with the player by either killing them or so you thought and them coming back to life or being killed by the orc and them being more powerful and making them taunt you. I really can overlook some of the games small problems and give it a 8.5/10."
,Recommended,241930,12310956,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,FrontlinerDelta,"Great game. Mostly boils down to kill lots of orcs but with the combat system being extremely robust and solid, that's not a problem. Also helps there is an unending supply of orcs."
,Recommended,241930,34872024,Posted: 10 September,all,KwK_SuS,"You kind of feel bad for attempting genocide on these dudes, but then you rember they r gay"
,Recommended,241930,34794886,Posted: 7 September,all,Nan iChir Gelair!,If you Lord of Rings fan  Just buy it
,Not Recommended,241930,34611729,Posted: 30 August,all,ＩＮＳＴＡＮＴ,The fighting system feels like the system from Batman with close too no options :(
76561198045711571,Not Recommended,241930,33327844,Posted: 6 July,all,Henry,"I wish I could give this game a middle road review.  Mechanics are great, gameplay is fun, world is fairly sized.  It's got a good story as well.  My problem is that every time I run into a chieftain, captain, elite, whatever; I don't run into one, I run into at least 4.  I don't know if my game is bugged or what, but I get minimum 4 cutscenes everytime I find an enemy captain.  It's making progression impossible because all I do is die to them.  I don't think it's possible this early on to fight 4 captains. It's just too difficult without any items or skills."
76561198000173945,Recommended,241930,25202354,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Durmir,"Extremely faithfull to Tolkien's work (even up to very tiny details...), excellent gameplay that makes it so enjoyable to massacre Orcs and Uruks, very good story telling.....If you are a fan of Tolkien, buy it. If you're a fan of great action / infiltration games, buy it. If you're a fan of good video games, buy it. Any other category, buy it anyway."
76561198044302712,Not Recommended,241930,31231862,Posted: 18 April,all,Oliver,"Pros:1. i got it for 10$.2. controlling orcs.3. great lore.4. eating orcs while riding a graug.5. the orcs are friggin blind, so tons of stealth kills.6. the weapon challenges are fun.cons:1. Running into walls rather than climbing.2. Camera doesnt follow your charactor very well, is WAY to close to him, and gets blocked alot.3. overly specific ways to kill orc captains ""immune to range"" ""immune to stealth"" ""immune to combat finishers"" etc.4. stealth system is fail, you can walk right past oecs and their like ""huh? what was that?""5. combat is really hard to aim and you will end up killing your own orcs.6. Very limited controll over the orcs you brand, they do w/e they want, they just dont attack you.7. UNLIMITED ORCS!!!!Doing a ""recruitment"" mission to make my orc a warcheifs bodyguard, its in a stronghold, an enemy lights the beacon, 20 man group of orcs shows up, kill them all, another 20 man group, kill them all, *walk over to my branded orc* see red arrows on mini map, 20 more orcs... kill about 12 of them, 20 more orcs... kill them all *look around*... all clear?... nope 20 more orcs... just keep killing orcs 20 at a time for ablout 15 mins till my branded captain dies... WTH guys when do they end?"
76561197961802295,Not Recommended,241930,33240995,Posted: 4 July,all,ateo.ars,"I can roam the countryside slaying groups of orcs and never see a captain, but once I start a mission and attack the target captain I immediately get swarmed by ""roaming"" captains.........."
,Recommended,241930,33330501,Posted: 6 July,all,The L a m b s a u c e s t e r,This game makes me super ♥♥♥♥IN HARD. YOU KILL A BUNCH OF ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AND KILL TONS OF THEM ♥♥♥♥♥ OVER AND OVER AND YOU ♥♥♥♥IN♥♥♥♥♥♥SOME URUK♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WITH SOME WEIRD GHOST NINJA ELF♥♥♥♥♥♥ I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE LEGOLAS. I BOUGHT IT FOR LIKE 4 BUCKS SO INSTEAD OF STUFFING YOUR FAT♥♥♥♥♥WITH MCDONALDS BUY THIS GAME. YOU GET A BIG♥♥♥♥♥SWORD AND EVERYONE KNOWS THAT BIG♥♥♥♥♥SWORD = BIG♥♥♥♥♥COCK TO ♥♥♥♥ URUKS WITH.
76561198046302015,Not Recommended,241930,33384195,Posted: 8 July,all,Fake News,Really repetitive and all they do is swarm you constantly. Got it on sale and I still think its overpriced. Combat system is kind of fun but overall I don't reccomend it.
76561198123275480,Not Recommended,241930,31308346,Posted: 22 April,all,roleplayingutilitymail,"This game is not bad but is overall quite boring on confusing.The first 2 hours you try to understand what is going on.The second 2 hours you enjoy the game.Then becomes a rinse of captains that you kill and get substituted without any kind of apparent reason, if not that Mordor army is huge.The character progression is weird at best, and doesn't give any sense of accomplishment nor clarity on what you achieve.The fighting moves are so many and with so many button variation that becomes a chore to remember.The finishing move are interruptable and, due to the fact that enemies are by the hundreds, means you can't use them and have time to enjoy.After only 4 hours of gameplay, from a very confusing game that was promising lots and lots to do, I'm starting narrowing on only completing story mission, as all the other stuff is endless and boring.I don't understand how this game won all the prize and good review.Disappinted."
,Not Recommended,241930,34564768,Posted: 28 August,all,Bull The Stoic,"Did you like Batman: Arkham Asylum?Would you like to play it reskinned in the LotR universe with thousands of repetitive 1 vs. the world battles?Do you like going around a map and looking for the Riddler's hidden items?Then you'll f@#$ing love this game.I think it's boring, repetitive, and would never pay more than $5.00 for this."
76561198093145458,Not Recommended,241930,30763976,Posted: 26 March,all,BigBlueDinosaur,"It's Assasin's Creed: Arkham LoTR, complete with climbing buildings to survey the land then jumping off of them and assasination missions.  If that's your bag, then this will be great.  If you're a LoTR superfan, then you may like this (although it's basically a bunch of orc hack n slash).  If neither apply to you, then you probably won't like it much.  Controls can be a bit overwhelming (hold trigger while pushing X under so-and-so conditions, blah blah).  Meh.  It's not a bad game, it's just not for me.  That said, Shadow of War looks about a million times better.  Balrog and Wyverns FTW.  It gets better as it goes along, but like an AC game, it's full of filler side missions and I just get tired of Orcs."
76561198006577734,Not Recommended,241930,35085413,Posted: 20 September,all,71Dana,"OMG all the players and game Critics must of accidently mixed their reviews of this game for MAD MAX.Shadow of Modor is tedious, un-enjoyable repeditive busy work.Mad Max was very enjoyable and immersive, while Shadow of Modor is far from it, just boring and uninspired.Try to kill the VIP of a mission, fine, here are 10 new Orcs every second until you do, the stun locks are real.Kill all the Orcs mobs in an area, well, they return as soon as you round a corner, and if despite this, if you manage to kill a UrukHai/Boss, the boss will just respawn again, sporting new scars for you to kill again later.Serveral time while using the rangers parcour moves, I ran into several bosses at this same time with their respective orc mobs as well. This usual means a full retreat, to look for action elsewhere, rinse and repeat.Even at a heafty Steam discount, I feel like I wasted my money, and more importantly, my time.If Shadow of War is this plus Microtransactions, the tedious grind must set all new records."
,Recommended,241930,27891974,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mecoolGAMER,is very good
,Recommended,241930,26733383,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Virgil,Playing this game was pretty fun with the combat but the game lacks in story but the combat system makes up for the story. I did have fun playing the game especially with branding the orcs but the story to me kind of lacks. I had a hard time getting into the story but I was so into the combat system that I really didn't mind the story so overall I would recommend other to try out this game.
,Recommended,241930,12394840,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Lap88,Its Batman: Arkham City mixed with Assassins Creed and its in Mordor. What else could you want in a game?
,Recommended,241930,12434097,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,GreYson,This game 11/10 simply briliant. Enough said.
,Recommended,241930,12332002,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,CitizenCrash,Simply phenomenal. Did not expect such a highly enjoyable time from this game.10/10
76561198075448989,Recommended,241930,12466591,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Screaming Owl,"Shadow of Mordor Has the best combat system that I ever played. This game is going to revolution combat systems. Also, this game is Gorgeous all of mordor looks like a screen saver for your desktop. In all my years of gaming I have never once been this passionate for a game.                      GET THIS GAME!!!this game will forever hold a place in my heart 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,12534177,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Rathendir,"Awesome game, highly recommend it.  The story is immersive, the graphics are spectacular and the combat system is first rate.  The encounters so far (I'm about 50% through the story line) have been hard enough to be a challenge but not so frustrating as to want to give up on them.  There are many different strategies you can take and if one doesn't work, it's likely another will.  The cut scenes and voice acting are exemplary and truly add to the fun of the game.  I've spent a significant amount of time doing the side quests, I haven't just rushed through the main objectives, and I've had a blast so far.One of the best things is that it really follows the mythology of Middle Earth and the movies (maybe not so much the books) and is quite entertaining."
76561197982076999,Recommended,241930,13890832,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,[NPX]Voxer,"The most fun I have had with a single player game in many years, I would recomend this to anyone into LoTR or Assasins Creed type games."
76561198030007741,Recommended,241930,14889115,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Добрейший вечерочек,nice
,Recommended,241930,19107411,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jdogfrog,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,241930,12414515,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Willdog102,"This game is an absolute blast of fun. Definitely worth buying, and my personal GOTY so far."
,Recommended,241930,18951415,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Commander Shepard,I don't know why I waited this long to write a review on this game. So I guess I'll just keep it nice and short. The game is simply the best Tolkien game since Battle for Middle Earth. If you don't already have it get it. If you're a fan of the Arkham and Assassins Creed games. That just makes the decision easier.
,Recommended,241930,12387918,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Sp00nzie,It'd be nice if this NVIDIA GAME!!!! Worked with SLI !!!!!!
76561198118271745,Recommended,241930,18117947,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,I'm Gonna Pop Some Tags,Yes
76561197988115927,Recommended,241930,13165573,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,England is my City,My soul is belong to you
76561198042224842,Recommended,241930,12320165,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Mems,"The game's graphics and engine are an exact copy of the Batman games by WB.If you love the Batman games, you will love this one.The game features a unique type of missions and storyline that is very interesting.Thumbs up worth the buy!"
,Recommended,241930,12369887,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Frankenstein Joe,I've died to the same orc 13 times. 10/10
76561197989338917,Recommended,241930,13385464,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DefMax,Assassin's Creed Mordor style. Fun but not very re-playable. Got the same feel as assassin's creed while playing so thats pretty good. Nothing wrong with stealing a game mechanic or concept if its used like this. The nemesis and captain ranking system are an original thumbs up. Apart from the fact that the playstyle (not story) reminds me of assasins creed its a pretty original game on its own.
,Recommended,241930,13308938,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Hušκψ,"Amazing Game, A lot of fun, Nemesis system is new and aweomse and would be awesome in a lot of games, fun fighting bits and amazing open world and imersive enemys, love the voice acting and spread out of abilities so you don't get the end game, not getting any good powers feeling, well worth the money"
,Recommended,241930,12570487,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,DarkXvias,"Combat is good, story is interesting so far, and the open world is fun to just explore, a great  game overall"
,Recommended,241930,12318280,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sawcey Monst,This game is LOOTS OF FUN!!!
,Recommended,241930,12534717,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,TheClifsEdge,"A very good looking game with excellent gameplay mechanics and a good story, however, it is relatively short for an Open World and it won't take you long to start ""repeating"" side objectives.I hope additional DLC expands the game considerably as the integral gameplay mechanics, while good, are too few. Constantly killing Warchiefs only to have new ones take their place does maintain a continuous stream of Orcs to kill, but gets boring very quickly. This enforces a determined lack of replayability once your goals are achieved.I recommend this game, but I don't believe it's worth full price. I would wait for it to go on sale."
76561198028918001,Recommended,241930,12579525,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Joe,"I was skeptical about how good Shadow of Mordor was going to be, however after having it recommended by a friend and watching TotalBuscuits ""WTF IS..."" I decided to purchase the game and it was a very good decision.Story is a bit of a patchwork inbetween the Hobbit & LotR and could probably have been done a lot better, but the fun gameplay and nemesis system make up for that."
76561198119799927,Recommended,241930,12519911,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,FiberOptikz,Great if you hate Orcs
76561198271934701,Recommended,241930,21028260,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Lizard Lord Frog,Why are you even looking in the review section? GET THE GAME!
,Recommended,241930,12958806,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[MoS] Naelok,"This is a spectacular game, but you've probably heard about that already since it's received nearly universal acclaim from everyone.It's a game built around organic storytelling. The Ork hierarchy is completely dynamic, with new Captains rising and falling. Each Ork has a certain feel to them, with some total curve-balls salted in (An Ork that talks in rhyme or an Ork that doesn't talk at all, etc.) for good measure.  Certain Orks will hunt you down or show up only when your health is low. It's a pretty organic experience and hunting down a specific Ork who's been your nemesis is its own sort of thrill.The game does run out of steam towards the end, however. The Orks always have the ability to overwhelm you with sheer numbers, but eventually you catch on to the fact that they really can't do much about you when you climb up a wall and leave. If they'd made it so that the arrows and axes they threw actually knocked you off walls, that would've been a much more challenging game. Combine that flaw with the fact that you get some fairly broken abilities (i.e. combat mind control Orks) and you'll find that the difficulty rapidly begins to plateau in the second half of the game.Then, to make matters worse, you have an absolutely pathetic final boss 'fight' to complete the game's underwhelming story arc.Still, in spite of the flaws, this was a whole heap of fun that was a joy to play."
,Recommended,241930,12321942,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Hamz,"As everyone knows by now, the game does have similarities to Assassin's Creed and the Batman games, in the sense of movement and combat.The game plays amazingly and smooth with a keyboard and mouse, I am surpriced how well it was pulled off.Storywise the game is brilliant, it's a nifty storyline that can connect the Hobbit story to the Fellowship  beginning. I just finished the game with around 100% completion after 25 hours, and still need a bunch of achievements, so playtime wise it's also very nice! achievement hunters will LOVE this game!"
76561198126994230,Recommended,241930,12571066,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,[KAB] Karma,"excellent game, cant be compared to assassins creed as it is so much better"
,Recommended,241930,13112856,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Andy,0/10 no frodo x samwise romance sidestory
,Recommended,241930,30244904,Posted: 28 February,all,Arfan_septiano,very addicting game
76561198094699754,Recommended,241930,13043038,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Lukki,"Good Game. I recommend. story is small but good, so I wouldnt recommend it if you like long stories."
,Recommended,241930,12520157,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Koohandluke,Fun!!In every sense of the word this game is fun.It’s a rare thing for me to play an action game to completion and then start a new game directly after but I enjoyed the game so much that’s exactly what I did. The story and characters are well done. The combat is a good mix of stealth and all out brawl with controls and mechanics that are fluid and easy to master.My only complaint is I wish it was longer.
,Recommended,241930,12361836,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,REQ | 84 csgoroll.com,"its the best game evar, but wont work on mac"
76561198045285245,Recommended,241930,24438353,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ellipse,"It's everything the AC games have ever wanted to be: about stabbing necks. But in this game you can also stab sides, and remove limbs, and be gril. Really though, did you know shortly after release, in other words after I played, beat and left it, they released some FREE dlc to let me play as a gril? I didn't till like last year.♥♥♥♥♥♥..Anyway, it's pretty solid.Combat is fluid, animations are nice, cancels and blocks are balanced too, counters are great, roll dodge matters, just overall the dynasty warrior esque fights mixed with BatCreed combat feels really good. I only wish there was a bit more variety to my victims...all glug wants to talk about is grog and how much he definitely likes killing things, all I wanted to do was kill his friends. Really though, glug, I hope you're reading this, just, like, bruh, talk to me about this, I know you're not that two dimensional...off track.Levels are nice and open, at launch it all looked very pretty, now it looks all right still (cray how quick this stuff ages now, huh? shoulda' stylized!) and you can play as a brooding gril-lady too now! Er, for a while.Cons:missions almost all fall into: slay them. Either: from a distance, from behind, or in their face. Not too varied, but doing the stab stab is fun, I guess.Pros: nice animations, looks all right, feels good to play, can be gril sword lady, oh and there's that whole nemesis thing where whoever kills you lords it over you all ♥♥♥♥ing day and only get stronger if they kill you, and if you kill them they sometimes don't die, glug, and get more resistent to your preferred methods of attack, glug, till you reach a point where you have to learn every style of encounter and actually utilize interrogations to learn your enemies, glug, weaknesses, and strategize, and plan, or just get really angry and throw yourself at the enemy over and over until you either kill them or create a ♥♥♥♥ing monster, but you can always throw them off a cliff but it's not like that'll ever actually stop them because you didn't cut off the head, you didn't cut off glug's head and now he's coming back and has an army and all I have is a troll and a large dog, damn it glug! ah....tl;drjust cut off glug's head you ♥♥♥♥ing animals."
,Recommended,241930,12424474,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Xyphos,I dominated the graug 10/10
,Recommended,241930,12314039,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,tesgun,10/10!!
76561198014886888,Recommended,241930,12407037,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,smallman,"This Game, to put it simply, is an amgalmation of The batman of Arkham series and Assiaian Creed series. However it beats them both at there own game. It mechanics are solid and the flow of combat allows you to leap from target to target uninterrupted and give you an almost euphoric high after slaughtering fifty plus orcs at a time. The Nemies system  (which creates perosnallty for every enemy)randomness while at first glance a observer would think repeative and bland, is in acutallity a prime example of how random enemies can be memorable and engaging(the only downside is the low number of voice samples they have). The story is quite well done, though the boss fights can be more of a challenge due to numbers then the boss itself. Overall the game is quite special and feeling of becoming a god of combat is quite worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,241930,13017026,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,navin prithvi,very very nice game every one should buy it. i will buy it for ps3 also
76561198089120100,Recommended,241930,16802726,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,CoolWhuip,"Ok game, expect a lot of huge fights with lots of orcs so no really one on one combat. Your kinda switching from one orc to another and then to a third dealing one hit each time and going through a cycle. The item I didn't like was that you don't get any allies early on and that is why I enjoy games such as Skyrim. For anyone who enjoys being a one-man army this game is for you. But anyone who really likes games that give you allies or people to work with or anyone to isnt hostile execpt slaves I would not recommend this game for you."
,Recommended,241930,12397252,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,J.B.,Assasin Creed™:Shadow of Mordor™ - Batman Edition GOTY LOLz
76561198044668066,Recommended,241930,21548310,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,调皮的杰宝君,"nice game, and worth your money"
,Recommended,241930,13634002,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pizza Boy,"Stayed up until 6:00 playing this game, for a total of 8 hours. I wasn't even doing the story missions, I was just having fun battling warcheifs and captians. Seriously worth the money. Amazing storyline, Amazing Gameplay, Amazing Grapgics, and it's all out an Amazing game. 10/10, would buy again."
,Recommended,241930,24808607,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,KurpniekS bļe,"Time killer.Cool , fun and exciting game. Luv it <3"
76561197996975964,Recommended,241930,24873433,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ggGoh,"Approximate time to complete: 12 hoursApproximate time to full completion: Don't know (not motivated to find out)Summary: Fun, but ends too early. Worth buying on sale, else just wait for a sale.PROS:> Interesting storyline> Great combat (similar to Batman: Arkham series)> Stealth is enjoyable (VERY enjoyable)> Great graphics (though I don't pay too much attention to that so whatever)> Great BGM (audio always feels appropriate)> Interesting mind-control mechanics (fun to get a whole horde of orcs)> Entertaining challengesCONS:> Jarring, clunky beginning and end to story> Main storyline runs out really quickly> Too much time being under-powered (early game drags on)> Not enough time being overpowered (the end appears really quickly and passes before you know it)> Not enough incentive to chase after upgrades (casually blasting through the game is possible)"
76561198050686012,Recommended,241930,12418389,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Beans,TSMTSM
,Recommended,241930,23091470,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Nishino Nanase,This game is good but not the best. But I like the combat style for this game
,Recommended,241930,12615638,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,JJ,omg this game gives me tingles all over 15/10
76561198260091143,Recommended,241930,24016950,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,HackerMan,This is the good♥♥♥♥♥♥yo it does everything right it gives you fast travel but not to every location only the towers you have unlocked around the map so there is still some exploring that you must do because of that. At first i thought it was really easy because i could just kill everything i saw but then i progressed through the story a bit and now if you start a fight every enemy from the land will come along so you end up fighting like 30 guys and then a caragor will join and then some bosses will show up so it feels like you are fighting every enemy in the game but at that definitely worth th 10 euro for the game and all dlc would definitely buy this while its on sale
,Recommended,241930,15008072,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Miporin,"update: fix some typosupdate: add the missing contentsHere's my thought on the game.***I will try to be spoiler-free as much as I can, and this will be purely my thought, this won't go into gameplay depth since that can be found all over the place already***::: Story :::If you love the middle-earth lore, you will find this interesting for sure. Anyway, it is nothing out of ordinary, the main story follows the vengeance of grave-walker. It is quite predictable, but with interesting plot and twist.DLCs seems to be interesting too, I will play it and update this review later.update: There are 2 more 'tales' from the DLCs, one let you continue your hunt with the dwarven hunter you met from the main story, the other will tell you about the beginning of the 'One Ring'. They are short, but good additions to the main story line.::: Visual :::I am playing it without the HD pack (my rigs cannot afford it), and it looks very good already in 1080p. Everything do it jobs nicely, though I don't prefer the original tones (the matter of preference), so I fixed it to my taste with Sweetfx, which turns out nicely, making it more vibrant, but not overwhelming.The Open-World Maps are nicely designed, offering a lot of F12 chance, while at the same time, trying to balance it. not to put things too much into the map, while making what they put in matters.The orcs and uruks also varied nicely. From what I have been slaying for likes 20hrs, I assume that they are randomly generated from several parts (may be wrong, but it seems this way to me) likes body builds, headdresses, eyes, armors, should pads, backpacks, accessories, special traits (bloody, stinky, and etc.), and several other options.::: Gameplay :::This is what make the game interesting, the combat comes in 3 different style, melee, range, and stealth. Each style serves it purposes and can be executed nicely. the moves flows nicely from one action to another, as a result, they can be chained together in very epic way.To maximize the effect in combat you will need to do some farming for runes to outfit your weapons, there are many runes available, and each has different effects for different style.Some might say that the game is hard, too difficult to be enjoyable. I have to say, no, it is not. the game is not really mindless orcs/uruks killing genocides simulator, so spamming attack button ""will kill you"". There is no need to spam attacks, as each of your attacks hit hards, and each hit will do something to the enemies. the system rewards timed attacks a lot.update: The DLCs don't really change much from the main story, but instead, they add and change some core gameplay, making thing a bit different on how you approach the game. One goes for hunting theme, the other focuses on making you more overpowered. the DLCs also come with the annoying (cough .. cough .. timed) challenges, which is doable, but still, annoying::: Overall :::It is one of the rare gem that hard to come by, the game is challenging, while balancing the difficulty. The game plans out very well that it won't make you think 'this side quest again? I just did this a few minutes earlier"" on your first playthrough. If you can get this for likes half-price discounted, get it ! It is a good purchase!update: Season Pass is also a good choice for you, you get several items to tune your grave-walker, skins, and additional stories. Too little for the price, but if you can get it on discount, it is recommended."
,Recommended,241930,19212553,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,-Kebbe-,"Nice game overall, worth the price tag, i realy fell in love with the fight mechanics. 8/10, could be better graphics."
76561198031980866,Recommended,241930,19565071,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,datguyisfather,GOTY 2016
,Recommended,241930,32998258,Posted: 29 June,all,Doom Slayer,gud
,Recommended,241930,33115040,Posted: 1 July,all,Magezcher,VERY WORTH ITT
,Recommended,241930,33142745,Posted: 2 July,all,-WZ Orz SKINHUB.com,"nice game, fun to play"
76561198245928774,Recommended,241930,33140629,Posted: 2 July,all,Ede,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241930,33213627,Posted: 3 July,all,Heh,pretty fun
76561198179906282,Recommended,241930,33173443,Posted: 3 July,all,TriggeredShot,I have never really liked fantasy RPG and if u guys dont i will beg u guys to go out of your way and buy this game is it actually one of the best games ive every played cant wait till Shadow Of War comes out im buying it 100%
,Recommended,241930,33226300,Posted: 4 July,all,ADHDNeal,"I've put a decent amount of hours into the game have completed the game for 100% and it's always fun to comeback to.You could argue that the game may be way to easy but you can counter this by removing the combat prompts, which does make it hard at first but also fun again it's like playing all over again.If you've completed the game's main storyline you could always complete the DLC content which could be argued to be milking the game but the DLC the Bright Lord is so worth it even though they should've made it so you can do more freeroaming in it. Definetely recommend this game.I even once got a glitch where I killed all the captains and warchiefs in the second area so I went back to the first area and killed a ♥♥♥♥ ton there and when I got back to the 2nd area there were new enemies. The only thing which they will fix in the next game is that when you brand they become almost mindless zombies.Conclusion this game is lit.Hyped for the new game"
76561198202596294,Recommended,241930,33225805,Posted: 4 July,all,TheFoxy,cool game
,Recommended,241930,12895158,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,C I N D E R,"8/10I have finished this game twice, It is an incredible game, whoever says it is an AC clone obviously hasn't played the game, because this is a completely different experience, giving you the feel of having WAY more power than in the Assassin's Creed games. It is one of the best game I have played this year, and am STILL trying to unlock all of the achievements...The story is kind of cliche as it's a story of vengence, but the main missions are great, the side missions (and I mean ALL side missions) are great fun. Overall, this game is one of the best times I've had in a game in a long time. It's worth it."
,Recommended,241930,33345483,Posted: 7 July,all,UNate,ohhhhhhhh nooooooo! they took ur wife dum dum! put ur hand on orcs and suck the life out of them! thats kinda cool i guess.
76561198120839707,Recommended,241930,24071558,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,wmarucha99,"This game was really too short, granted I did not do a lot of the challenges but in total I completed both the main game and the two expansions in 28 hours I think. This is still longer than I thought it would be but still too short for my tastes. Overall though it is solid game decent stealth and combat and a wonderful nemisis system, the story was not the greatest but sort of followable."
76561198285062934,Not Recommended,241930,33110411,Posted: 1 July,all,Plastic Panorama,"Shadow of Mordor somehow did something I thought was impossible. It makes Middle Earth boring...The story, characters and most of all the game world feel uninspired and drab. If you're a fan of the Lord of the Rings, I recommend playing one of the other games that have come out in the last 15 years instead."
76561198030710729,Recommended,241930,33378947,Posted: 8 July,all,EZ,"Like Assassin's Creed, but fun."
,Recommended,241930,33445593,Posted: 10 July,all,Prime'O,"Christmas, 2014.My father, being a huge LOTR fan, showed me the trailer of this game a few days before christmas eve. I said I wanted it, and I offered to opt in for the purchase. I was on XBONE at the time, and the graphics/fps were nothing compared to what I've experienced this past week. I opened my gifts on christmas day, and found a copy of Shadow of Mordor. I was over-excited and played for days. I completed the game and moved on, remembering it as one of the best I've ever played.June 28th, 2017.I saw this game on sale, and for a whopping £3.00. I bought the game right then and there. Remembering the fun I had just years before, I started playing. With 90+ FPS on ultra settings at all times, I was blown away. I missed out on so much. I never played the DLCs, or anything else that was available on PC. I was stunned, and so was my dad. He loved it. Every moment of this game is fantastic, and I could play it over and over again. But, every game has its downsides. The story is short, and things get repetitive. The DLCs were fun, but seemed lacking in content. The beast master DLC included only 10+ main missions, which made things worse, but that's a review for another time. Same with the Bright Lord DLC. It lacked so much, but I enjoyed seeing Celebrimbor's story.The Nemesis System is remarkable. When you die, the game doesn't rewind itself. It progresses. Say if a Captain killed you, you'd eventually meet him again, and he would instantly recall killing you. It's a never-ending cycle of death for Talion. It makes it more immersive. You always get a sense of joy, when you finally kill the Uruk that has been killing you relentlessly each time you attempt on his life. Each character is unique and different. Every Uruk can become something. Say a simple Uruk soldier killed you, he would be promoted to Captain, and you will eventually face him again for revenge.I would love to go on and on about the amazing features of this game, but I'm simply running out of time. Buy this bloody game, it's worth it."
76561198324169663,Not Recommended,241930,33471818,Posted: 11 July,all,D3adsin,Boring game
,Not Recommended,241930,33448535,Posted: 10 July,all,Dagi,"Fighting is ""was"" nice, but It gets boring like really fast. This is a typical console game. I can only recommend this if you hunger LOTR storyline."
,Recommended,241930,32849395,Posted: 27 June,all,Isabela,Nice game
,Not Recommended,241930,33448062,Posted: 10 July,all,SgtThunderCunt,"The Batman Arkham series got a new skin. For better or for worse this game has nearly all of the same fighting mechanics as WB's Batman series including the infuriating undodgable double space tab of doom ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tery. Even on normal difficulty both games are very good at making everyone rage quit at least a few times per campaign. Not because you aren't good enough, not because you made a mistake, but because the flow of battle is so rudely interupted but having to double tap my f**king space bar every so often.The devoloper did ATTEMPT to take steps to remedy this, such as attacking a shield-bearing opponent before they attack, but the same issue with batman still applies. Where batman was agile enough to evade a charge the second the player can read an opponent as about to attack. This does not exist in Shadow of Mordor, if you aren't idle or in the last half of an attack when you see you need to dodge tough sh*t.All of that being said, the game has quite a few welcome improvements to introduce the world to gaming. Such as the Nemesis system. When I fight someone and either have to run to find a magic leaf or die to a shield gang bang it is pretty awesome that they enemy remembers me. Not only captains but if a lucky archer gets off a shot, suddenly this one lowly little orc is a captain himself because the boost to his reputation from killing you.Shadow of Morder is an innovative game and a reasonable narrative, but I can't recomend it unless you love losing in a game that doesn't promote it. I can deal with games where I'm intended to try again, and again, and again, but I don't want to play one that has sometimes as much as 5 minutes inbetween dying and getting back to what I wanted to do. I fight a battle, get gang banged, sit through a 45 second animation of a slow motion unblockable attack and the guy who killed me gloating, then 30 seconds of spamming the escape button so I don't have to sit through 2 minutes of learning what gragnok the retard did to fluffy the c*cksucker. Let me get back to the game.One last thing to note is that Shadow of Mordor isn't like most open world games with tons of collectibles and side missions and quests. Side missions are the entire game and there is no mini games, you get into the game and you fight orcs. Thats it. Maybe some travel but its a good, simple formula that is wonderful in all the right ways. It does what it does with the only fatal flaw being one measely little combat mechanic that infuriates me."
,Recommended,241930,32702861,Posted: 23 June,all,Muntz,"This has got to be one of the best games I've ever played in my life. I've already 100%'d the game and I still desperatly need more!The Nemesis System provides so much variety in the types of Uruks you face, allowing you to craft your own personal story of wonder, excitememnt, tribulations, rivalry and vengeance. At the same time, the main story manages to do a decent job, and is suprisingly relevant to the LOTR mythos. However, many of the minor protagonist characters are forgettable. They, along with their various interations with the main character, are clearly seen and easily predictable. Although, I would be remissed if I didn't also mention Sauron is still a badass.With some games, pieces of content are ripped out and pluged back in as DLC. It's my philosophy that you must earn your right to sell DLC, and they for damn sure do that in this case.If you're familiar with the Arkham series, you'll quickly pick up on the mechanics.If I had to choose a rating, it'd be a 9/10. Could have gone with more original mechanics and better story tidbits. I've probably missed a lot of importaint information, but I'm new to this, and I wanted the Steam Community badge. What can I say?"
76561198140637297,Recommended,241930,32902540,Posted: 27 June,all,ZaN,"Great story, fun if you do stealth. 10/10 would play again."
76561198272926243,Recommended,241930,33319812,Posted: 6 July,all,munchlax81,amazing game. It is easy to understand and lots of fun to play. I would reccomend this game to anyone thinking of buying it.
76561198072413794,Recommended,241930,33057286,Posted: 30 June,all,NightHawk,The best game
,Recommended,241930,33244873,Posted: 4 July,all,=========,this game so ♥♥♥♥ing awersome
76561197978393853,Recommended,241930,30563004,Posted: 16 March,all,Young Dex,I'm no lord of the rings fan or anything but this is a cool gameA *great combatB *not too expensiveC *story richD *All of the aboveawnser D-all of the above
,Recommended,241930,33295301,Posted: 5 July,all,A satisfying jar of metaa jam,lol 4 dollar salegot it for 3.99 in summer sale.btw worth full price
,Not Recommended,241930,33406088,Posted: 9 July,all,I am ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp,"Pretty garbage combat mechanics, everything is either way too easy or is just random and inconsistant. Sometimes you walk into a hoard of orcs and kill them all, sometimes an arrow does half your health across the map.With how open the areas are stealth is a dumb mechanic to try to work with and this game feels like it was made to please bad players, and to be too easy. I played this seriously for maybe 3 hours and tried to like it, but it just kept getting dumber with each area I ran through.90% of this game is fetch quests or ""kill this leader of an orc army"" and you basically walk through all the orcs who are somehow blind and kill the leader with stealth because they're immune to ♥♥♥♥ing everything else."
76561198106963571,Not Recommended,241930,33418639,Posted: 9 July,all,bernardoconnell2000,Simple gameplay and repetitive mechanics.
,Recommended,241930,33013717,Posted: 29 June,all,Yalla Habibi,"The game is very good and I recommend the ""Middle-earth"" to everyone that likes and have played ""Assassin's Creed"" to play this."
76561198086763467,Recommended,241930,29791818,Posted: 8 February,all,jaysunsphone,Great game
76561198156831616,Recommended,241930,28156891,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Cpt Gronk MudShark from Penrith,"If you're looking for a game review you've come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients- To Make the Dough375 grams (3 cups) plain flour1/2 teaspoon salt2 eggs1/4 cup (50 ml / 3½ tablespoons) olive oil1/2 cup (120 ml / 8 tablespoons) waterExtra flour for dusting- To Make Cheese Filling15 ounces (425 grams) container Ricotta cheese5 ounces (142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) ""3 Cheese Italian Blend"" (Parmesan, Romano & Asiago)Note: grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend.1/2 cup cheddar cheese2 eggs, lightly beaten1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon pepper- ExtrasYour favorite sauce for the ravioli (i.e. marinara/ marijuana)Parmesan cheeseBasilFried vegetablesShrimpFish slicesChicken piecesMake the Ravioli filling.- In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork.- Add in the 3-cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper.- Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, paste-like consistency.- Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.Make the Ravioli dough.- Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix.- Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed.- Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough.- Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic.- Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch (1/3 cm) thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters.- With a cookie cutter or upside-down water glass, cut out circles in the dough (will make about 15-20 dough circles).- Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesn’t suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor.Fill the Ravioli shells.- Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough.- Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle.- Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a half-moon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a “homemade” touch as well.- Repeat this process for all your dough circles.- Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together.Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker.- Roll the dough into two sheets- Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups.- Fill with the ravioli mixture.- Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling.- Remove and separate the finished raviolis.Cook the Ravioli.- Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil.- Place the ravioli in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test.- If you don't want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest- Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed platesServe it up.Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy!"
,Recommended,241930,29734620,Posted: 5 February,all,Westaboo,Sauron still looks like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241930,22465385,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Lightning641,"This is like the best game ever. I have been searching for hours trying to find any other game like it. and i cant find anything like this game. This game is so addictive, this game's story will drag you in and never let you leave. Great game definite buy"
,Recommended,241930,29515026,Posted: 26 January,all,Noct.BYZZ4,THE BEST ACTION RPG FROM THE LORD OF THE RING SERIESA MUST PLAY GAME
,Recommended,241930,26530886,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,BlackHawk1159,"I love this gamePros-LOTRamazing graphicsBest Combat system in any gameDecent storydecent stealth systemCons-Story is pretty shortNon CannonOutfits don't show in cutscenes (very minor thing, but it would've been cool)8/10"
,Recommended,241930,12456362,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Baken,"This game's strength is also one of its largest weaknesses - the constant changing nature of the nemesis system. It's really fun seeing enemies with personalities, that (non-scripted) remember the last time they fought and killed you, and got stronger from it, or fled from you to survive and fight again another day. The in game story is kind of bland compared to the source material from Tolkien, but these little sub-narratives and rivalries really make the world breathe and adapt in new and interesting ways.  On the other hand, if you don't like how the Captains are constantly infighting and replacing each other, or just can't get the hang of the fact that it's okay to die and start up a rivalry with these unique characters, it will get stale very fast. Just like you, they can sometimes come back from the ""dead"" at a later point, prompting thoughts of ""didn't I kill this guy before?"" The new version will be stitched together with metal staples, or missing part of a limb, and will reference the last time you killed them.The combat itself is the fairly entrenched Batman brawler with combos, counters, stealth takedowns, knockdowns, and dodges. The AI drives me nuts with how stupid the orcs are until I take a moment to think - They. Are. Orcs. Not rangers, not special forces, not elves. Brutal, stupid, brutes whose solution to most things is ""keep throwing bodies at it until it dies."" Once you get past this hurdle, it's a blast to hide just up out of sight in stealth, drop down and oneshot a captain, then mosey on out next to the fleeing orcs who just saw death appear out of nowhere and drop their boss like nothing happened. *[Disclaimer - make sure the captain you are removing is not immune to stealth kills - this makes it much more difficult.] The different captains' weaknesses and strengths (Weakness, Fear, Hatred, and Immunity) keep you on your toes, especially if you haven't found that particular Captain's Intel.There are plenty of collectables and challenges to find and try, and even on medium to high the graphics are pretty smooth. If you like brawler games, you'll love this one. Not a perfect game, but a solid 8/10, well worth paying full price."
,Recommended,241930,30689215,Posted: 23 March,all,MDMA,"Nemesis system is a killer-feature of the game even though it's a pen test. Free-flow combat system, nice gameplay and even not bad story in the LOTR world.There is no cons for me.  Looking forward for the second game."
,Recommended,241930,18321661,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,CoolDoc The Necromancer,"A great AI game, fun but boring storyline made me want to masterbate my way throw it like go to a pornsite let the game play at the cuts then go back to the kickass gameplay, the gameplay is were its at but its to easy late game, to bad i wanted more. but Its a good game not bad thanks to the kickass AI Realy badstoryline so if you wanted that stay AWAY!"
,Recommended,241930,23215941,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,RJ Tha Mad Specialist,not a big LOTR fan but this game is fantastic!10/10
,Recommended,241930,12363756,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,✪ NcX,Fun.10/10 would buy again10/10 would kill uruk again10/10 would finish captain again10/10 would headshot uruk again10/10 would combo again10/10 would nemesis system again10/10 would explore world again10/10 would purchase more slots for runes on my sword again10/10 would recomend again10/10 would go into wraith mode again10/10 would EVERYTHING again
76561198082059471,Recommended,241930,21658739,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Bradzilla,Orc Killing Simulatoryum yum
,Recommended,241930,12420371,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,XRacKS [GER],"Honest Review[/h1]TL;DR:A mix between Game Of The Year and Fail Of The Year!It´s really an awesome game, which got some flaws gameplay- and storywise.Pro:+ Nemesis System+ Good Combat System+ Nice Lore Hidden in Sidequests+ ""endless"" PossibilitysCon:- Story (really bad and short)- ""stolen"" combat system- ""no"" replayability- characters could be replaced, no depthGeneral Info:Currently I´ve got around 40+h gametime (can´t play online right now) and finished the game with 100% after around 32hours!My gaming review:Ok when I saw vids and previews I thought: ""Wow! I´m preodering it!""The game came out and I played it like a maniac on crack! First off you start as a small Ranger who got trouble with beating 5 orcs, later you can take a whole stronghold by yourself! And thats the downside of the game. In the beginning the game is in my opinion really challanging in some cases, but when you have unlocked half of the game its getting pretty easy! I played around 15h in the first ""map"" of the game and proceeded. Until then i had some challanging moments here and there but it was never too hard. When I reached around 75-80% completion of the game i alrdy unlocked everyskill and was some kind of ""almighty"", but the challaging moments wore off.Still its a reat game, but it gets much easier as you progress through the mainstoryline, because that is where u get the nice skills from!General Gameplay:I called this review honest so it shall be honest written. Nothing is new, BUT it fits perfectly together!The ""mechanics"" are basicly from Assassins Creed and Arkham franchise! The whole combat and exploring stuff (Sidequests) too, just in an ""almost"" perfect setting. When you progress in the game you will get the feeling you will get stronger and stronger every ""lvl up"" until you are really (almost) invincible.Story:Beginning: ""Lets take revenge!""Middle: ""Ok I can´t take on the warchiefes just yet! I have to be more badass!""End: ""Are u serious?!""Srsly the ending is really dissappointing!Sidequests:Ok I´ll be honest with you guys, a lot of the playtime you will spend doing sidemissions!And i really recommend it!WHY?! You will get Background lore! And its a part of the game!CONCLUSION:Its definatly a good game that I would rate around 80-85/100, BUT they missed the story part which is the reason why they don´t get into the GOTY area. The ending of the game is just a bad joke ""gameplay""-wise, story-wise it was ok.This game has so much potential, but they didnt used it completly! Still the best LOTR-based game and overall a really AWESOME game!"
,Recommended,241930,12329660,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,2-D,Must have game! epic in all ways :)
,Recommended,241930,12799362,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Tet,Stop looking a the Review and BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198046019698,Recommended,241930,13747414,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MehrBear,If you like the LOTR series then pick this game up. Its very fun and has lots of content.
,Recommended,241930,12337325,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,YavuzKrtlms,Oyun Çok Fena Arkadaşlar İnanılmaz derecede güzel oyun yapmışlar yapımcılarını tebrik ediyorum . arkadaşlar dedigim gibi kılıçlı kalkanlı orkları öldürmeyi seven arkadaşlarımız varsa bu oyunu alıp oynasınlar cünkü cidden iyi oyun
,Recommended,241930,12397783,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,popo DivertoR 👊,"yes yes, i do recomend this game! :) U will have a great time playing this if you like blood and choped heads :P its like a mix of assassins creed and batman but with the epic lotr! morover it fills the story from the first trilogy of lotr."
,Recommended,241930,12649203,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,@NullTruth,"Amazing play through, several entertaining side-missions in game, should last you!"
76561198145639903,Recommended,241930,33058033,Posted: 30 June,all,Johan,One does not simply not liking this game( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198117102571,Recommended,241930,32723805,Posted: 24 June,all,Fatum,I love Harry Potter
76561198083044024,Recommended,241930,33005222,Posted: 29 June,all,xX_ruben_Xx,i love this game i reminds me of ac2 brotherhoodd
76561198040791902,Recommended,241930,33004526,Posted: 29 June,all,Anton,nice
,Recommended,241930,32895261,Posted: 27 June,all,Grav-Drag00n,H O T
,Recommended,241930,33065407,Posted: 30 June,all,BAKULAO,-Purchase on Steam Summer Sale for $4.99-Played Shadow of Mordor-Disappointed since there are no doors-10/10 would play again
,Recommended,241930,32992702,Posted: 29 June,all,АрморедБъни,i love this game and now shadow of war is coming just this game is 10/10
,Recommended,241930,32854146,Posted: 27 June,all,`Hokage^,MONO LOTR RE!!
76561198193765898,Recommended,241930,31735178,Posted: 13 May,all,cjleyden5,"So basically in a nutshell, you are a dead guy who can't die so you take out ur anger on poor orcs and you also dominate their minds.Real Talk thoIt's good, graphics are greatsCombat is so fun, watching him mercilessly decapitate orcsNemisis system provides depth that allows for it to be played again and againAlso real hyped for Shadow of War"
,Recommended,241930,32946728,Posted: 28 June,all,Blue,One of the best games ! I don't know what to say this is one of the best games. You should definetly buy it .
,Recommended,241930,32968693,Posted: 28 June,all,connor,good
,Recommended,241930,32947729,Posted: 28 June,all,Нагибанор_2006,"This game is amazing... an assassin creed and skyrim game put into one, love the idea. Can't wait for next years release :)"
,Recommended,241930,32993019,Posted: 29 June,all,king kenway,wow ilove this game
,Recommended,241930,30225485,Posted: 27 February,all,arthur carvalho,one of the bests of history
,Recommended,241930,33146462,Posted: 2 July,all,Bluohazard-,best
,Recommended,241930,24832538,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,John Wick,"if u are a fan of batman arkham series, especially the combat gameplay, you would like this game.just imagine batman kill peoples with sword and dagger, not punching them in the face with fists."
,Recommended,241930,24844584,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Flame Hamad,:D
76561197993703405,Recommended,241930,28227021,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,UZI SUICIDE,"This game makes you feel like a total badass.You need a bit of time to get used to timing the attacks, and not mashing the buttons - and those enemies will probably level up a bit while you do, but once you get the hang of it, its party time in The land of Shadow.If you like the Arkham games, its that with a sword, literally that with a sword.  Graphics are beautiful, plenty to do, great voice acting and story...one of those games I cant wait to play the next bit of.And it feels good."
,Recommended,241930,28300895,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Os canos arrebentaram,"After trying for a 2nd time, it was great."
,Recommended,241930,28302453,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ANUJG1988,Awesome game 10/10Really awesome playing all the side missions with main missionsVery entertaining and I love the characters and backgrounds in itGollum character is coolWow What a game superb graphics and well implementedIn one word   PERFECT
,Recommended,241930,32910994,Posted: 27 June,all,Kiryu Nagisa,I rate it 9/10
,Recommended,241930,33318984,Posted: 6 July,all,aditya.iyer92,PROS:Killing mechanics are brilliant as is the gameplay.Open-world game mechanics are on point.CONS:Slightly unfocused storyline.Combat gets repetitive after a point and feels like a hack-and-slash staple.
76561198063185839,Recommended,241930,28197932,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Barkly the Basketball,Amazing :D
76561198042447938,Recommended,241930,12651921,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Valiant Toast,"Overall I think they've done a very good job with this one, but I definitely think there's ways they could improve it.The combat is enjoyable, smooth and free of bugs. Some people say that they've simply stolen Assassin Creed's combat system and called it their own, but I disagree with this. There are certainly many similarities between the two games, but for me the most noticable difference is that this game's controls are optimized for PC gaming. I always found the Assassins Creed games fun when I played them on console, but the PC key bindings were always clunky and frustrating for me. If anything I actually feel that the combat is too easy in this game. Once you've picked up a few of the decent abilities and learned some basic tactics you can pretty much coast through even the most difficult areas of the game.The audio in this game is phenomenal. They clearly spent a lot of time on the voice acting and making sure the combat sounds were dialed down perfectly. Really no complaints from me at all in that department. The same goes for the visual aspects of the game. My PC is only running 4 GB of Ram but I never noticed any loss of FPS or long loading times. From a visual and audio standpoint I'd give this game a 10/10.The main things I would try and improve on from the developer's standpoint would be increasing the size of the world, increasing the number of different enemies and making them tougher, and most importantly of all MAKE THE BOSS FIGHTS HARDER. I won't give any spoilers here but I honestly think that the majority of the boss fights were laughably easy. Maybe other people found them more difficult than I did though.I don't want to give the impression that the whole game is a cake walk because I certainly had difficulties with a few of the Uruk captains and warchiefs with insanely powerful abilities. I just think they could've made the average enemy a bit more threatening.Anyway, as a final review I'd give this one an 8.8 out of 10. My personal recommendation would be to wait until they drop the price by about $10, but if you're looking for about 10-15 hours of solid fun I'd say pick this one up right away."
,Recommended,241930,12659678,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Baby Dory,"WARNING: SPOILERSIf you're a fan of The Lord of the Rings franchise, then this game is definitely something you should consider playing. Personaly I haven't seen any of the LotR movies or read the books, although I have seen both of The Hobbit films that have been released to this date and I immediately fell in love with them, and after playing this game I am much more interested in the Middle-earth Saga.For those who don't know, the LotR universe and The Hobbit universe are both set in the same place: Middle-earth.Therefore within Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor, you are going to come across some very recognisable characters if you are a fan of the fantasy orc slaying franchise. Anyway, lets get on to talking about the game itself. You play as Talion, a once Captain of an army called The Watch. After your Wife and Son were slain before you by someone known as The Black Captain, you soon await your turn along side your family. After facing certain death, you are resurrected by a powerful Wraith who was once a man working for The Dark Lord, Sauron. Talion being unknown to this Wraith's true identity aswell as the Wraith himself, they embark on a quest to find out who he is and where he came from.The gameplay in SoM is outstanding. Put aside a few glitches and bugs that I have encounted, Monolith Productions did a near perfect job on the mechanics. The combat is very familiar to any that have played The Arkham series, some developers have tried this kind of mechanic, but only a few have made it work, like they have in this game in particular. The parkour feels very similar to Assassins Creed and the way Talion moves feels very life like and not choppy or glitchy. The Wraith who's soul is bound to yours, gives you superhuman like abilities, such as jumping off incredible hightes without taking damage and being able to take control of Orcs and turning them against each other. Talion, being a Ranger for most of his life is very skilled in combat. He wields a Sword named Urfael and a Dagger named Acharn. They can both be upgraded throughout the game using collectable items called Runes. Each of his weapons have unique ablities when equipped with a Rune. The Wraith is a very skilled Bow man, and holds with him Azkâr (his bow). Azkâr too can be upgraded by Runes.The graphics are absolutely beautiful. By far some of the best I have seen in any video game. The character designs are incredibly life like and have insane amounts of detail put into them. The voice acting is fresh and faultless, and when it comes to the Orcs and Uruks, they sound exactly how I'd have imagine them to. Sometimes it is admirable to use the newly added screen shot mechanic to pause the game and just gaze at how brilliantly designed the Monsters and enemies look in this game. The Graug, which is a fifteen feet tall troll like creature, looks incredible. I wouldn't want to come face to face with one of them in real life.One thing I do have to talk about in this review is probably one of the best features about SoM, the Nemesis system. The Uruks are ranked in this game according to what power level they are. The higher the level, the higher the ranking. They each have their own unique randomly generated name and personality. A feature that I do like is when an Uruk kills you, if you find the exact same one again it will recognise you and taunt you about the last time you and him met and lost. The Nemesis system is made up of Grunts, Captains and Warchiefs. Grunts are just a common Orc or Uruk that you, as the player, will come up againts throughout your journey but a grunt can prove itself by killing you and therefore be promoted to a Captain. A Captain is a higher level of Uruk, they are body guards to the warchiefs and are stronger than your common enemies. Warchiefs are the strongest kind of Uruk, and are not found on the map, instead they must be drawn out by completing a certain objective, for example killing a number of its own Uruks or killing off its supporters with a certain weapon. Once you have defeated a Warchief, it will drop a Rune which you can add to its assigned weapon. Although if it kills you, it will only grow in power, as of now the highest level of power it can reach is 20. However, each Nemesis has its weaknesses which can be discovered by interrogating an Uruk that holds intel or just by finding it on a note somewhere scatted around the map.The world you play in is fairly big, and to save you from running on foot from place to place, you have the ability to take control of a terrifying beast known as the Caragor and ride it which increases your speed. As well as this, there are watch towers scatted around the map and, if discovered, you can fast travel to them. After completing the game, there is still a whole bunch of things to do, such as side missions which include killing a certain number of Uruks in a certain amount of time to earn an award or Mirian (the games currency), or freeing slaves of Sauron. There is also a few collectables in the game, such as artifacts and Ithildin. There are 42 artifacts spread out across Mordor, once you have found one you can activate its memory and listen to it which can sometimes be quite interesting. Ithildin, like artifacts, are spread out across Mordor. There are 32 of them and are small glowing markings hidden on walls and can only be seen once you are in the wraith world, this is also the case with artifacts. You can enter the Wraith world by pressing the assigned button on a controller or keyboard, this is used to locate targets or to spot artifacts and Ithildin.Overall, it is a well polished game. With stunning graphics, brilliant gameplay and an intriguing story-line, I have fallen in love with it. Although, after a while the Nemesis system can start to get very old and boring, which takes the toll on the game since it plays a big part in it. Although it feels very rewarding when you slay a high level Warchief after it has defeated you multiple times, it can get very repetitive. With all of those points taken into account, Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor gets a 9/10 from me."
76561198151674212,Recommended,241930,28868688,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Oporat88,very good game
76561198116855297,Recommended,241930,33039594,Posted: 30 June,all,GeäRä DoGä,if you are reading this... you are wasting 5 seconds of your life
,Recommended,241930,13721778,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,HypnoticProphet,"This game is Amazing. If you like arkham city style of fighting this game is definitely for you. Executions are flawless, Story line is great. Graphics are superb"
,Recommended,241930,12517019,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Asal,"If you're a fan of killing, this is a game for you. The storyline and voice acting is also on point and makes for a pretty compelling title. Definitely a buy!"
,Recommended,241930,23923349,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,h3aRtleSs,Short review from me:+User Friendly gameplay+Nice storyline+Unlimited resurrection (you will know why)+Lots of orcs for you to kill+Challenging-Kind of repetitive-Nothing else as I have completed all the achievementsFans of Lord of The Ring definitely should try this game. Enjoy~
,Recommended,241930,12403284,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Pontus,I forgot to chop a captains head off when I fought him and an  hour later he came back covered in bandages.10/10
,Recommended,241930,24998189,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,White Wolf,"Awesome Game, Great story, Best graphics."
76561198263229679,Recommended,241930,25182669,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MattRekts,"Cool game, nice graphics, amazing gameplay and storyline!overall great work."
,Recommended,241930,19781056,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Hyperbole,"10/10, enough said"
76561198056975426,Recommended,241930,25578277,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Crosby,This is a good game
,Recommended,241930,14120833,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Mephis182,My precious
,Recommended,241930,23816449,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SaintBalor,"This game is Batman in Middle Earth.It's nothing outstanding, it's just pretty cool, it has really solid gameplay... like the Arkham Series.Buy on a Sale"
76561198116891261,Recommended,241930,23752127,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,kadsoukui,Guilt-free for being overpowered! :) Kill the Uruks!
76561197985563486,Not Recommended,241930,33586224,Posted: 16 July,all,Yankee,"This game is a clone of the Assassin's Creed game series with towers, hidden (not at all for real) objects, etc. Story mode can be played through in just about two or three hours. It's trying to be dramatic and intense, but it's flat as a pancake and contains so many cliche. Map area for some reason is split in two parts, both of them tiny. One word characteristic - BOOOORING. Typical ""press X to win"" game. DLC's does not make it any better, because it's the same gameplay on the same map. Maybe part II - Shadow of War will be better."
76561197986757351,Recommended,241930,13887157,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,lambdoid,"Immensely fun. Immensely brutal. The voice acting is good, the graphics are good, the gameplay is spot on. There are so many different ways to kill orcs and find out the captains' weaknesses. Well worth the asking price."
76561197984836658,Recommended,241930,26004654,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ray735,"I loved playing this so much, great graphics if you have hi-res textures. you will need plenty of vram 6gb should do it ireckcon.story is ok i suppose. But the fighting is what is so much fun, hack here and hack there, i have shouted of with his headso much and so it happens. the orcs come out with the stupidest conversations its hilarious at times,  hack on and on and roll on Shadow Of Mordor 2"
,Recommended,241930,12355632,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Ruazihtlab,"The story:Keep in mind it strays from the lore and may confuse hard core LOTR fans. That aside the rather simple story is still enough to get you through the game and introduce you to the mechanics. Villains are fun to fight and through playing the game you actually build one of your own. The final Boss battle was a bit anticlimactic and leaves room for a sequel which left me wanting more.Gameplay:Exploring the world is very much like assassins creed and arkham games, free running and fast travel unlocks.Combat is timed and very rewarding once you master it, you are left with a real sense of accomplishment when you go from being killed left and right by low tier orcs to taking on multiple warchiefs without taking a scratch. The ability to block melee and interupt your own combo's is a very welcome addition i hope to see in the next Arkham game.The real strength of the game is just having fun with the nemesis system, finding an orc you like and helping him grow stronger and accend through the ranks up to warchief, finding the right bodygaurds for him, then starting ariot between him and another warchief. Also building up an orc to max level only to threaten him and farm him for high level runes can be quite fun.Graphics:No matter your system or preffered settings, with the addition of the HD texture pack for higher resolutions this game looks amazing no matter how you play it, thought the settings get a little dry after a few hours you still forgive it for the high quality work that's gone into it.Replayability:After finishing the game within 8-10 hours, I still kept coming back for more, tinkering with the nemesis system, trying to make the best orc army i could think of with the right combination of abilities. Once you finish the story you can polish off remaining side mission at your leisure which can be quite enjoyable trying to maximize Talions abilites and loadouts, but you will be left wishing you could replay the last mission over and over as it was the best example of how the nemesis system could be put to use.Cons:-Story feels like it has very little impact.-End game content feels lacking.-A 3rd map would have been a welcome addition to help change up the scenery.Pros:-Fun to play.-Lets you take revenge on orcs that have killed your friends in their own sessions of Shadow Of Mordor.-After many hours and many dead orcs, each orc is different.-Orcs you kill may come back to life with scars of your last encounter.Rating:8.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,23411788,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mino,"Looks good and held my interest long enough. Pick up on a sale, not worth the full price."
,Recommended,241930,22637995,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,l1ght,1. Wait untill it downloads ( huge game)2. run it3. go buy a graphics card.4.play it without lag5. realize you've been sitting in your mom's basement for 6 weeks playing this game.6. repeat from step 2.
,Recommended,241930,12418374,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,JCRonin,"I've been waiting for a good LOTR game for a long time. Shadow of Mordor may not tick all the boxes of my ideal LOTR experience, but it comes closest than any other game set in Middle-Earth.Shadow of Mordor is set in Mordor (of course) and the hinterland around it. The open-world is mostly rocky, some scattered grass and hills littered with orcs and their strongholds. It is sufficiently Mordorish although I would have liked more variety in the environments.That does not mean the graphics are ugly. If you have a decent Rig, the games throws up some nice lighting and particle effects. Standing on high vantage points you can see far into the distance, with no pop-in that I've noticed so far.What stands out though, is the animation quality, not only for traversing the world but also in combat. Taking a leaf from the Batman Arkham book of combat, you tap the attack button to strike one enemy to the next in one fluid motion. Here the animation quality really shines, not only impressing with the variety of combat moves but also the naturalness of it.The difficulty of the combat is alot harder than the Arkham games however. Enemies know how to work as a group and will actively try to surround you. Ranged enemies will snipe at you from afar, while the melee units will swarm you. Some are immune to attacks from the front or have attacks that cannot be countered.You will be outnumbered most of the time, so stealth is often your best option, although charging straight in can work if you are really skilled. In stealth, you have various ways to finish off your enemies. You can interoogate them for intel on Captains or Warchiefs, brutalize them which woill make their comrades flee in terror, drain them with your Wraith powers to restore ""Focus"" (a slow-down time mechanic) or just straight up slit their throats.Interrogating enemies is the only way you can discover the strengths and weaknesses of the Captains and Warchiefs you have to assassinate. For example, through interrogaton, you may find out a certain Warchief has a fear of burning. Light this Warchief on fire, and he will be weakened enough, whereby you can grab him and kill him more easily. Or, if you are feeling sadistic, you can keep hold of him, and use him as a shield to deflect blows, letting his own minions kill him for you in the process.The Nemesis system, combined with the many combat options, keeps the combat fresh.However, if you dislike the Arkham system of combat, you might want to stay away from this game as virtually all the missions, side-missions included involve fighting orcs.On the story side, you have the typical revenge trope of avenging the protaganist's murdered family. It's a pretty ho hum plot but brought to life by some stellar voice acting. Fleshing out the story are the various artifacts and runes you find scattered througout the world, each with it's own story to tell. The devs put great effort into expanding the lore while staying through to it, and it shows.The game can be pretty lengthy, depending on whether you do the side-missions or not, I've clocked about 14 hours and have just reached the half way point of the game in my estimation. The only downside, is after this many hours, the combat does get repetitive, despite the effort to inject randomness and variety into the mix.All in all, I'm having great fun with this game and would recommend it for all who love the Arkham games and/or the LOTR universe."
,Recommended,241930,26030297,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,☮JeanChoux☮,"I am a big fan of Tolkien's ""Lord of the Rings"" saga. This game storyline was very awesome! For those LOTR fans out there, you should buy and play this game!Several points should be noted other than the storyline is the gameplay, though. Very similar to Ubisoft's Assassins Creed series. Quite a dissapointment to me though. Graphics just awesome since it did not eating much your PC/gaming laptop resources even in ultra-settings."
76561198055756611,Recommended,241930,22621126,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,miller713,My short and sweet reviewgood game had lots of fun if its on sail just grab it :)
,Recommended,241930,25880311,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Justin Goodboiland,Bought it and didn't leave my room for 50 hours.10/10 would lose friends and family again
76561198305653059,Recommended,241930,26029898,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,The Emerald Archer,A good game with Great optimization but the boss fights are disappointing.
,Recommended,241930,26085165,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,BOT Zecture,"such pretty, much kill 8/8"
76561198014146141,Recommended,241930,15818484,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,+Game world+Creature and enemy info+Combat+Okay looking graphics :-P+Runs very well+Fun factor+Premium Edition+Shadow mode+Enemies level up when you lose+Wicked executions+Stealth-Story was pretty weak now that I've completed the game-Can't resume from minimizing game window-End Boss is super easy
,Recommended,241930,22815249,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ΣZΣ | XXE[X]oDus,"Fun gameplay,great animation, amazing graphics! Nothing I can add more to it, pure epicness!"
,Recommended,241930,12590084,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Exodus,"Im 45% and i only did 4 main quest's, NOW THATS A TRUE NEERD!!!!"
76561198123603002,Recommended,241930,14382275,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,bomiken25,good game !!!!
76561198155307789,Recommended,241930,30603098,Posted: 18 March,all,Ereb Maethor,"I am truly amazedBy far, the greatest advantage of this game is the nemesis systemSuch a variety of different personalities is just awesome.Now some explicit pros and cons:Pro´s:+ grafic: it´s just amazing, especially the detailed grass and the whole environment+ soundeffects: on point+ nemesis system (of course), especially rivalry between the uruks+ the story. even for players, that aren´t that deep in the lord of the rings lore, it´s no problem. basic knowledge on the movies is really enough to understand (nearly) everything.Side note:As someone, who nearly know everything about the lore, the little references are truely on point, entertaining and (nearly) don´t conflict with the original writings/movies. The love for details is overwhelming+ The way, you progress is not too easy and not too hard.+ The fighting system. It can be difficult at the beginning, but you can get really quick into it+ The open world character. Beeing able, to freely walk around in a lord of the rings game was just incredible and greatly done. Also, the side stories you witness (and create) made this a lot more interesting,+ The variety of the atmosphere. Sure, it´s a game focused on (brutal) combat. But there´re also nearly heartbreaking moments, an awesome humor, and exiting and thrilling moments.+ Cinematic cutcenes: greatly done+ EXECUTIONS! So invredibly well animated :DNow some con`s (hey, nothing can be perfect ;))- no difficulty settings. But that´s not a big deal...- sometimes, missions are not that dynamic. Shurely, i´m not talking about the story, but about side quests (rescuing slaves especially)- the final boss. Personally, i think, it was too...       plain, maybeAnyways: i love this game, it was totally worth it. I had so much fun, and spend hours and hours exploring everything in this dynamic, beatiful world.I totally recommend this game!And i can´t wait, to play the sequel ;)"
,Recommended,241930,33393108,Posted: 8 July,all,Styke,Better open world gameplay than anything Ubisoft has done in the last eight years. Which is amazing. Right up there with MGSV for me.
76561198134251688,Recommended,241930,34322911,Posted: 18 August,all,Gяimm,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is an open world action-role playing video game developed by Monolith Productions and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. You take control of a human protagonist named Talion who bonds with an ancient elven lord, Celebrimbor.+Story+Gameplay+GraphicsIf you like The Lord of the Rings you need to play this game. :)"
,Recommended,241930,33841875,Posted: 27 July,all,✪ typ1cal ツ,"This game is amazing from what i have played. I picked it up for $4 and i would pay full price. The game has amazing graphics and is well optimized for an i3 7100 gtx 1050ti,if you want a good single player game pick this game up before or after shadow of war comes out."
76561197981616970,Recommended,241930,14914555,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,SuperKargon,One of the best looking games I have played. A great story line that does the Lord of the Rings franchise proud.
,Recommended,241930,33107311,Posted: 1 July,all,OKIROKI,BEST RPG GAME
76561198116812357,Not Recommended,241930,34161747,Posted: 10 August,all,dwctubaman,"The story seems very rushed, Its gameplay is sub par and just bland. Honestly if you want to get it, buy it when it is cheap, I bought it when it was 4 dollars, so I would say its worth it for that."
,Not Recommended,241930,34151302,Posted: 10 August,all,Twilight Sparkle,overrated boring game
76561198119689310,Recommended,241930,18139265,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,[Agony] Baconkiller2,This is what I wish Lord of the rings online looked like.
,Recommended,241930,19833229,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Георги Сава Раковски,"Epic game, well made and done, you literally feel a part of the rangers while playing that game and it is like contributing to the story of the middle earth"
76561198126538380,Recommended,241930,18695757,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Suvorov,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198170509657,Recommended,241930,24788497,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,W H I T E MALE,"Extremly fun if you like stealth, melee combat or just messing around in a vast landscape of lore. Stays true to the lore of Tolkien and provides insite into what the heck happend in mordor between The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. Play for hours and build a character to do almsot whatever the hell you want. this game has many diffrent playing styles that you dont need to even worry about because you can be all of them. Not only can you play your character as whayever build you want but the bosses make it more of a challenge because they arent all the same and they arent all stupid. Gameplay runs smoothly and so does the FPS, Would recommend to any Tolkien fan, or anyone who like fantasy."
76561198322293459,Recommended,241930,25709716,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,GUST9IE,It a good dame.
76561198042234841,Recommended,241930,13228456,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,crockodille,it's good
,Recommended,241930,31824794,Posted: 18 May,all,☠ Reading Rambo ☠,"One of the most amazign LOTR games I've ever played.  Flawless upgrade system, badass kills, change your tactics from head on hack and slash to stealth action, and an amazing story line.  A pretty much perfect game."
,Recommended,241930,33302547,Posted: 5 July,all,TG Pixel,"I obviously haven't invested a ton of time into the game yet but I feel I can still write a good review.Story - Meh so far, kinda easy to forgetCombat - Clunky and strange, but you get used to itCharacters - The Nemesis system makes for interesting bad guys, but other than that not many memorable onesGameplay - Overall pretty easy, but still lots of funGraphics - Amazing even by today's standards, as well as very optimized.  I play on a (dual core) Pentium G4400 and a GTX 670 at med-high settings with very little stutterOverall Rating - 8/10, great game for $4 (it's still on sale so pick it up!)"
,Recommended,241930,33491324,Posted: 12 July,all,Handeecapt,"I don't like beat 'em ups. That being said I also did not like ME:SoM the first time I picked it up. Only recently when I picked it up again did I like it. Really like it.   I didn't enjoy the Arkham combat system as if felt too repetitive.  I've also started to find myself bored with the Far Cry/Assassin's Creed style of open world (ie run around and climb this thing and then press a button to open up that area of the map).  Shadow of Mordor takes these features and makes them fun.  The combat system is so satisfying and it's not just mindlessly clicking at the right time; there are different abilities you can perform such as ""drain"" where you can make an Uruk fight for you, ""Flurry"" where your Elven ghost man unleashes a super quick combo on the enemy as well as a few more interesting ones.Even if you don't like beat 'em ups, please buy this game as it's absolutely amazing and needs to be played."
,Recommended,241930,16326017,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,sadnhappy,"M-E: SoM is one of the Top 3 best games of 2014. There's just so much to do and to play and if you really love the game it basically never ends. Nemesis system is the heart of the game and while the story/campaign ending leaves a lot to be desired, the runes, skills, different playstyles and beautiful graphics make up for an amazing game. I actually got the game just after it was originally released but had so many other games to play back then but recently my gf started playing the game which sparked my interest back into the game and I absolutely had to 100% the game before her ;D Also back then I wasn't that used to the Xbox 360 controller which repelled me from the game in the early going but slowly I picked it up as I played more and more.Great game, get it when it's on sale, there's just so much to play. I have the main story & collectables at 100% but there's the DLC and Lords Of The Hunt which I've barely scratched. But do remember, you could play the base game forever which says a lot. :)"
,Recommended,241930,13801130,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,AMERICAN SOUP,This game is super beautiful! I never write reviews about games but this was well worth it! It is like a Lord of the Rings version of Assassins Creed
76561198081890460,Recommended,241930,19698020,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,farners,"very good game, i do recommend it a lot!!"
,Recommended,241930,24174596,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[GGS] Sgt Space Sloth,Attempted to kill a legendary captain. Begin mission. Cutscence ends. I turn around to face legendary captain. Game spawns a Graug in front of me. Graug hits me harder than my mother hits me.11/10 would get removed from existence again
76561198007983404,Not Recommended,241930,25714407,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,OrcWhisperer,"The only game I have ever asked Steam for a refund.  An embarrasing money grab.  The writers made a tasteless choice, and only barely nodded to the source material in developing this story in order to loot the wallets of the masses.  Also, it is literally a clone of Batman combat and Assassin's Creed free running, both games that I already played.  Couldn't get past how painfully derivative the gameplay is.  I own/have played nearly every Middle Earth game ever published, and this is the worst adaptation I have ever played."
,Recommended,241930,34001484,Posted: 3 August,all,MFW-MeepoRandom,Created an unstoppable monster.Send halp
,Recommended,241930,18767368,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Mountain Man,"SummaryA darn good action game that borrows heavily from the Batman Arkham series but is all the better for it.ReviewYou could be forgiven for calling this gameArkham: Middle Earth.  It has so much in common with Rocksteady's Batman games that you would swear that protagonist Talion is a distant relative of Bruce Wayne.  The combat controls are virtually identical, the map looks suspiciously similiar, orcs that you can interrogate for special information are marked in green like the Riddler's goons, and you can even enter the spirit world to find clues and spot enemies through walls, very much like Batman's ""detective vision""!  I don't say this as a criticism but only because the similarities are impossible to ignore.  But you know what?  It works.  This is a fun and compelling game, and it's always a treat to play in J.R.R. Tolkien's universe (although the look and feel of this game is definitely more influenced by the Peter Jackson films than Tolkien's novels, a fact that may bother purists, but would a purist even be playing this game in the first place?).You as play Talion, a Ranger captain who lives and works near Mordor's Black Gate at a period set some time betweenThe HobbitandThe Fellowship of the Ring, but when his family is killed by Sauron's minions, he somehow finds himself cursed with the inability to die, or rather the inability to stay dead, and so he sets out to seek revenge.  The story is told through a series of rather excellent cutscenes featuring terrific animation and top-notch voice acting.  And even though the story is standard fare for a video game (it's no Tolkien, I'll say that much), I actually found myself drawn to the central protagonist simply because of the high-quality of the cutscenes.  It's a pity that there's no apparent way to rewatch them without playing the whole game from the beginning.I would describe this as an emergent action game.  It's open-world in the sense that you're free to go wherever you want whenever you want, and you can complete quests in the order of your choosing, but there are really no significant choices to be made, and despite the nice scenery, there's no sense of exploration and discovery, either.  Everything is clearly marked on your map, and highlighting a point of interest gives you a marker that guides you to your destination.  Furthermore, individual locations are fairly generic, and I think you'd be hard-pressed to get around the gameworld on your own without the markers to guide you since one area of the map looks very much like any other area.  Even after 30+ hours of play, I never developed the sense of familiarity with the setting like I did in any of Bethesda's open-world games, or even the Borderland series.  Shadow of Mordor is not the sort of game where you discover secrets or happen across a new vista.But that's not to say the game itself is not compelling and fun.  The free-form combat is very smooth and engaging with great animations, although the kill moves are quite brutal (the M rating is well-deserved), and you have a wide variety of maneuvers to help you dispatch your foes.  You can even mount certain wild beasts and fight from their backs.  It can be a lot of fun wandering into a band of twenty orcs and emerging without a scratch, although this does take some practice.  As you complete missions and murder orcs, you will gain skill points that can be used to unlock new abilities for Talion, but it's pretty straightforward, and you'll easily have every skill and special ability available to you by the end of the game.  You can also collect special runes from dispatched orc captains to add to your weapons (a sword, a dagger, and a bow) that introduces a level of customization to your character.  Talion is a nimble fellow, too, and can scale virtually any cliff or wall he encounters, a useful ability when he wishes to remain unseen, and he can use certain parts of the environment to his advantage, like upsetting a nest of morgai flies to scatter his foes and make it easier to reach an objective without raising the alarm.I think what really sets Shadow of Mordor apart from the crowd is its nemesis system which is almost a game in and of itself.  The world is populated by a couple dozen persistent orc captains and warchiefs who represent your greatest combat challenges.  If one of them kills you, or if he successfully flees from you in combat, he will increase in power and be harder to kill the next time, so you have to consider whether or not engaging a captain is worth the risk since repeated failures could lead to creating a high-level orc who will be very difficult to put down.  Furthermore, if a standard orc kills you, he will be immediately promoted, so the roster of captains is constantly evolving.  To help even the odds, each captain has weaknesses that can be exploited, but you can only learn about these weaknesses by interrogating certain low-level orcs known as ""worms"" who are identified by a green icon.  Sometimes a captain might be impossible to defeat without knowing his weaknesses, so interrogating worms is often essential for success. And it gets more complicated from there.The orc captains have their own internal power struggles, and you will see them rise through the ranks by betraying each other, or hosting feasts and hunts to raise their standing.  These events generally happen ""off camera"" while you're out on your adventures, but you can also interrupt them by activating procedurally generated mission markers that will give you the opportunity to kill the captains to keep the orcs in turmoil and weaken Sauron's army.  You eventually gain the power to dominate an orc's mind so that he does your bidding, and a major part of the game revolves around turning the orc army against itself and helping your branded captains rise to the level of warchief.Shadow of Mordor's visuals are very attractive with clean textures, realistic weather and time-of-day effects, and superb animations, so I have no complaints there.  Performance in Linux is pretty good, and although benchmarks show that it lags behind Windows in terms of raw speed, I still found it smooth and responsive, so hats off to Feral Interactive for another fine port.So bottom line, this is an enjoyable and well-made game that does exactly what the developers set out to do and will give you dozens of hours of entertainment romping through Tolkien's Middle Earth sandbox and murdering orcs.  And I haven't even mentioned the volumes of canonical Middle Earth lore that Monolith managed to cram into this game."
,Recommended,241930,34003336,Posted: 3 August,all,Shaun,"Shame the replayability is so lacklustre, otherwise a thoroughly enjoyable game. Cannot wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,241930,12320789,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Spinny Chair,its good
,Not Recommended,241930,33958741,Posted: 1 August,all,M23,"This game was marketed for the ""nemisis"" system which allows players to assasinate, backstab, and overall manipulate uruks for their joy and laughter and for gain in the game. what was NOT told was that the ability to do this is locked away until past the halfway point. And between you and that is an extremely frustrating game that has janky and unresponsive controls, a storyline that is barely present, and combat that very quickly becomes unforgiving. Not challenging, it's unforgiving. I did not buy this for a Dark Souls-esque experiance, I purchased it so that I could have some assassins creed like fun while playing with the power structure of orcs in the shadows. the game offers neither, at least not until far too into the game to the point that it stops being fun.I can't recommend the game for it's frustrating controls, I can't recommend it for the story, and I certaintly can't recommend it for the nemisis system."
,Recommended,241930,33198873,Posted: 3 July,all,psicho12,Good game
76561198194686327,Recommended,241930,25729599,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Shruzikan,It's pretty fun. Running around slaying orcs left and right is cool. It's also the arkham games with a lord of the rings skin :P
,Recommended,241930,16919362,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Mom,"10/10 So good, but good luck going back to Assassins Creed"
76561197976932040,Recommended,241930,19029217,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,GreazyGill,"Bought the goty edition earlier today on sale.  Wow this game is good.  First off, it runs on max settings flawless with my g3258 dual core and r9 280 3gb video card.  Really well optimized, and looks gorgeous.  I play this with my new steam controller, it works great.  Killing orcs is so much fun.  Arkham style combat in middle earth?? what's not to love.  Cut scenes are thrown in between gameplay seamlessly, no long loading screens.  It's an open world game, quests and powerful captains are placed around the maps.  You change into some wraith dude sometimes, kind of like twilight princess, but it's not a bad thing so far.   Lots of replayability I'm sure with the challenge modes and expansion missions that come with the goty.   At this bargain price there is no reason to wait any longer if you havn't bought it yet!"
76561198016100725,Recommended,241930,12336951,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Pvt. Parts,"Hello peeps, here's my review on Shadow of Mordor. Now, I want you guys to know that I've been very hyped for this game ever since the announcement, and I feel like the hype was well worth it.For starters, I'd like to say that this is a great game, I have completed it 100% and I only lack 4 out of 51 achievements as of right now (Meaning I have completed 92% of all the achievements, but enough boasting). It has an awesome blend of action and third person adventure with the oh so tiny rogue-like element of if you die, you died, you can't reload and do right, you respawn with enemies having grown stronger.The story is great, but some of the boss fights (I will not say which ones because that could be considered a spoiler) were SOOOO easy, LITERALLY consisting of buttom prompts in slow time events. Not too much of a big deal though, the story was well written in a very Rockstar Games fashion actually (If you've played GTA or Red Dead Redemption, you'll probably know what I'm talking about).The combat, though VERY hard in the beginning, is smooth and you will notice that you get tactics for taking down certain enemies. You'll learn to fluidly enter combat, do a massive hit counter and do some epic executions in no-time!However, in later stages of the game the combat gets kind of dull if you ask me, as there is nothing more to unlock and you breeze through every single enemy.The nemesis system was very well executed, though I'm hesitating to say it's perfect, you'll have to make up your own mind about it. The enemies that appear always have their different personality, though I must say that I find it a little frustrating finding almost EVERY SINGLE CAPTAIN invulnerable to both range and stealth, which is my favorite way to take the captains down, so I'd like to see more vulnerabilities to stealth and range finishers. Anyways, what's cool is that you can wander around the world, and all of a sudden a captain has tracked you and snuck up on you, expecting to kill you to get a promotion, very cool! You can find them almost anywhere, but it is a little frustrating how you must clash your weapons together and them giving you a small mouth-off EVERY time you face them.It's gotten to the point where I try to kill them fast enough so that they don't even get to make an introduction.Now as for sounds/music and graphics I haven't really got much to say. The graphics are great, even being on the low settings (My PC is turning♥♥♥♥♥♥ shhhhh) so I think it would be even better for those of you who can crank those settings up to the max. The sounds and music is great, not much to say at all actually.Now, to my only disappointment with the game; IT'S SO SHORT! I completed 100% of the game within 25-30 hours, every side mission, main mission, challenge, unlocks, EVERYTHING. The only thing I have to do in the game right now is kill captains and collect runes, and I'm getting tired of that sadly. Can't wait until I see some DLC's coming out, because I love this game, I just wanna play more of it, but I feel no sense of progression which I crave oh so badly!Oh, and to the people saying this is a rip-off of Assassins Creed, I would just like to say that SoM gave you a reason for being the one-man army who can take any number of foes, with much better combat than AC's ""block until they hit so I can counter"".My tip for playing the game? Play with any console controller if you have one (not worth buying one for this game solely for this game), feels way more natural than what the PC controls are.Rating of the game? Kind of hard to decide, but I'm going to go ahead and give this game an 8.5 / 10.0Go ahead and buy this game, it's very fun to play, but kind of a short experience. Don't forget to go on vendettas, people tend to die to the easiest of uruks for you to kill, plus you will reward yourself with XP and M (An upgrade currency within the game) and the player you do the vendetta for will get XP as well, so it's a huge win-win situation.Remember; Dying is fun :D"
76561198008432507,Recommended,241930,12366154,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,RiT_urban,"I purchased this game yesterday. I wasn't expecting it to be this good. I found myself playing it a lot longer than I was anticipating. It's a mix between Assassins Creed, and maybe the latest Tomb Raider. The dialogues are great and so far the story is pretty good. Normally with Assassins Creed, I get bored pretty quick because it becomes so repetitve and easy to kill mobs while being unscathed. But Shadow of Mordor has mastered it. You can be attacked by the whole army and eventually, you will die -if you don't run away and regroup, or re-think your plan of attack. The Runes that are collected in the game, replace the game mechanics of grinding for loot (weapons and armor). These runes give you the attributes the same way you collect weapons and armor in other rpg games. Other than that, the game is awesome. I enjoy it! I'm actually fighting the temptation to play it today, because I know I'll be on it all day and night if I do."
76561198039520641,Recommended,241930,12383881,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,RedRahloo,"A Song of Ice and Fire version of this game:So you play as Jon Snow, and you've been sent to the wall for having a family. Life wasn't all that bad, but then the white walkers came back, and turns out Bowen Marsh and his gang were following the great other and kill you and your family. BUT WAIT. Melisandre happens to be there and revives you, so now you're practicaly Beric Dondarrion, but for some reason Benjen's spooky ghost follows you around and is able to turn the wights to Bloodraven's side instead of the great other. So you go on your merry way killing Bowen Marsh's gang and getting some white walker friends, and just as you're about to kill Bowen Marsh for justice for Elia Martell, he turns out to be a faceless man, you fight Hodor (who turns out to be the great other btw) in some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t quick time event. But after you win you realize the Hodor you just fought wasn't the real Hodor, or at least you hope so because of how lame the fight was and how the outcome dosn't fit with the lore, but you can finaly go home and become King of the North now that Robb's gone, but you're not because... well i don't even know anymore. Also you're a White walker now. Don't ask me why. You're probably waiting for Daenerys to come over or something"
76561197969807092,Recommended,241930,12387890,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Phaedryn,"Everyone told me ""if you like the Arkham style combat you will like this game"".  Well, I wasn't a huge fan of that style of combat but I thought it was ""ok"".  I got the game primarily based on the setting more than anything.  Was I ever surprised.  The Nemesis system is one of the best mechanics I have seen in a game in a long time.   It adds an entirely new dimension to game play with Orcs that defeat you getting promotions and gaining in power (and remembering you), getting revenge missions against those orcs (or orcs that defeated people on your friends list...now that's a novel use for Steam friends).  Or Orcs you fight, but let run away who develop immunities based on mechanics you used against them (burn them and the next time you see them not only are they immune to fire but now it enrages them).The Nemesis system alone makes this game stand out and adds much needed ""new blood"" to the genre."
,Recommended,241930,12395794,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,omni,A whole lot of fun. I definitely recommend.
76561198012262975,Recommended,241930,12454219,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Snowman,"Game is a lot of fun, despite the negativity from the PR Firm + ""Youtubers"""
,Recommended,241930,12316624,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,TheLancerMancer,"My ten hour impressions:Raw gameplay is solid. Combat is fluid and fun, but does get a little repetitive once all enemy types are introduced and you settle into a routine.The nemesis system is really neat. Researching the captains and warchiefs and doing some very simple planning does pay off.Almost no obvious bugs at launch. Big props to Monolith there.Story is ehhhhhh, I can't bring myself to call it bad, but its nothing special.Graphics are great. Decapitating orcs never looked so good.I would say this game is an insta-buy at 50% on a Steam sale. While I'm not sure the game would be worth going in on at full price to many, I certainly don't regret paying full price for it.LotR purists for lack of a better term will be annoyed by all manner of shoehorned in references and inconsistencies, but this is a game. Just suspend your expectations of consistency with ""the lore""  and have fun."
,Recommended,241930,12335833,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Danada,"Middle-earth: Shadow of MordorI grew up watching The Lord of the Rings trilogy and playing the games. I have loved these stories, movies, and games since I was a small child. Over the years many games have been made and most of them don't capture the esence of having true power and being able to make your mark in the realm of the Middle-earth that fans know and love. I purchased this game a few days ago and It has instantly become my single most favorite game in my library out of 130 titles. I don't know where to start saying good things because there is a long list of superb qualities that make Shadow of Mordor special. There is something here for everyone if you love open world RPG games, hack and slashers, Assassins Creed ect. Shadow of Mordor has great flowing combat, a rich world, great character development, new and unseen abilities and features compared to other RPGs, and feels like a true Lord of the Rings game without being stale and repetitive.Here are the main elements:Fantastic immersive world, characters, and challenges.Stunning visual quality.Optimization with deep performance information.High replay value.Challenging, but not unrealistically difficult.In depth lore, side quests, and ""easter eggs""Great artificial inteligence improvments over other games.As gamers, we have been cheated, scammed, robbed, dissapointed, backstabbed, enraged, and been fed false promises about video games with seemingly no remorse from the publishers and developers. Shadow of Mordor should be a welcomed and celebrated change by all gamers.$49.99 USD - Well spentI am extremely happy to give this game a respected98/100"
76561198026913578,Recommended,241930,12370147,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,NicetL,"I am pleasantly shocked at how absurdly addictive this game is.The narrative is simple to understand but engaging and well-written. The combat is fast and fun, but challenging. Your character is very powerful but by no means invincible. The combat system requires the player to be patient, observant, and tactful.The Uruk Captain/Warchief system is brilliant. There are dozens of Uruk Officers scattered throughout the world at all times. You can gain information on them and hunt them down or randomly run into them on accident. If you're prepared for the fight, you will know the Uruk's weakness and better understand what kind of items or tactics should be used. On the other hand, if you come across a high-ranking Uruk whose weakness is unknown, you will struggle and frequently die. Upon death, the Uruk that killed you will become stronger and will comment on the previous time(s) you fought him if you choose to fight him again later.The parkour aspects are fluid. The stealth system is pretty much required a lot of the time but I have yet to find it the least bit boring. The upgrading system is a bit dull and uninteresting but it doesn't matter too much. Brutally stabbing an Uruk in the face and then chopping its head is always, always satisfying and exciting.All in all this game is just absurd amounts of fun for anyone who enjoys action-heavy RPGs."
,Recommended,241930,12438452,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kanosse,"Arkham Asylum styled combat. Looks pretty. Storyline is fairly short, most of time has been doing non-main story related quests and I am at 50% completion."
,Recommended,241930,12452455,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,flipflop,=) Buy it.
76561198044133425,Recommended,241930,12483045,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,DarthManwe,"A must-have for1) Any Middle Earth / LotR enthusiast. The story and the lore behind the game is rich.2) Both main characters are some of the most interesting ones in the latest years.3) Arkham-esque combat / stealth combined with an incredible ranged combat system. Arguably better than Arkham City in terms of combat. You find yourself hunting random Orcs just to be able to kill 'em any way you can.4) The incredible  Nemesis system. Something really out of the left-field, a true innovation.5) Above average open world experience.6) Extensive and incredible voice acting.7) VERY high quality soundtrack.8) Limited but memorable  side characters.- A bit short. Could use a lot more story content. Few problems here and there, but nothing serious. The map is too small, but that's normal since it's Mordor only.Seriously, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,241930,12326488,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kraki,Play this game. Just do it. Do it now!
,Recommended,241930,12326942,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Broken,Died to a random spear throwing orc. The guy ambushes me while I'm fighting an captain and now he's pushing Warchief status. What have I done?!10/10
76561198045104722,Recommended,241930,12327854,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,_BDG,"not a big fan, of LOTR but this got me hookednow i am also a big fan of torturing people for information and touching strangers' faces"
76561198008299037,Recommended,241930,12336995,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,JahJahTrooper,"Who would've tought WB Games is the one that finaly gets it right? Fans of Arkham games maybe. But this is it, Shadows of Mordor is the game I've been waiting for. And it's release was a total surprise, announced only months before release, released a week ahead of schedule and gamplay is flawless, I haven't encountered any bugs yet. This is how it's done game distributors, take a page from WB Games industry folk.Having said that, I played over 24 hrs of this game in the first 3 days since it's release and still can't get enough. The Nemesis system with it's constant refiling ranks is gonna keep a player going aned it does not get boring. Slaughterring Orcks and Uruks feels better than mowing down Nazis and riding a troll size monsters to wipe wawes of enemies out is a far greater joy than any  ride in GTA. Ayt, this writing is cuting into my Middle Earth gamplay. Stop reading, get it, play it! Hurry up with that DLC!"
76561198008090643,Recommended,241930,12367471,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Souk Madik,"For any Assasains Creed fans who want a little more brutallity and complexity then this is the game for you. The free roam essence to this game means you can play in what ever style you like. It does not constantly press you to continue with the main story, you could spend several hours without even doing the first proper mission if you are that kind of player. This is becuase of the constantly generated captains and generals that you can kill; addtionally there is an abundance of side quests and collectables for you to hunt down and discover, each of these adds an extra to the story and the world of Mordor. The combat can keep you entertained for hours and more combo moves are added as you level up your skill tree, as well as the very well engineered stelth system - allowing you to appoach a fight in many differentways. I have not played much and have not yet unlocked some parts of the map it seems, however the map size that I am currently limited to is large enough and I cannot wait to explore more of Mordor."
76561198053963657,Recommended,241930,12370471,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Hedjman,"I'm really enjoying this game! I'm getting stuck on all the entries in the appendix though.  I agree that it is a cross between GTA and Batman: AA.  My only tip would be to hold grab to interrigate for information.  Killed a couple guys before I figured that out, heh."
76561198056552446,Recommended,241930,12386716,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Uncle Gambit,"Amazing game, Runs like a dream, Gameplay is great fun and I never get tired of slitting the throat of an Orc!!"
76561197976044215,Recommended,241930,12387153,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Krono$,Interresting gameplay but very similar to the Assassin's Creed world model. The characters are well developed and the effects are great. The only down side is the missions are a bit repetitive.
,Recommended,241930,19677308,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Mint,"Great game. The story isn't that terrible, unless you count the main story mode story. The other quests have very interesting storylines. The combat is quite excellent, and there is spam, but also strategical aspects of the combat, as you can gain many new abilities along the way, and call in backup. The graphics are absolutely gorgeous, and that really shows on certain skins like The Black Hand skin. You can do so much in the game, and all the enemies are interesting. Great character development, combat, and decent stories in the DLCs such as the Bright Lord. Really a must buy."
76561198046040995,Recommended,241930,18195529,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,GhostScout42,Worthwhile game
,Recommended,241930,18669655,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Unholysmoke,This game runs better than Far Cry 3.
,Recommended,241930,18717079,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,The Last Ender,First game since League of Legends I've wanted to play more than 2 hours of.
76561198248267548,Recommended,241930,19105914,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,jasonbyrd4kids,"HD graphics 9/10gameplay 9/10 would be a 10 but no fireballs etc....This is by far one of the best put together games I have ever played , and I am a very harsh critic."
76561198080227779,Recommended,241930,18193697,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,paomorgan,"It's a really fun game that I enjoyed a lot, the gameplay reminded me a lot of the Assassins Creed games, and I loved getting to explore different areas in Mordor and getting to understand a part of the LOtR franchise that I didn't learn from any of the movies.however the campaign is way too short and the side quests get very repetitive!Even the DLC is just a fancier bunch of more side quests...Also, like Assassins Creed and other games that use a similar action model, it can be very difficult to learn the controls and it is EXTREMELY glitchy (I wouldnt slide down on ropes cause I kept getting stuck under structures and therefore failing quests and power objectives)!I definitely recommend playing the game, however not for $60! I got it on sale (with GOTY) for $20 and I think that's about what it's worth, just because it's so short with very little content, and not in anyway an original/special game."
,Recommended,241930,18207130,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bazooka Jose,"Dont Know anything about Lord of The Rings, Besides that they should have used the eagle things to drop the ring? Who Cares, Just kill everything!"
76561198189865057,Recommended,241930,18984154,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Marzuqx1,"Great game, but not enough content. I wish they would have more maps to go through."
76561198173603922,Recommended,241930,19121581,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,excelsior,"Definitely recommend. Game runs pretty smooth and the graphics are nothing to complain about. I do experience a little lag sometimes, but aside from the technical issues it's a great game.If you liked Assassin's Creed but wanted to enjoy the experience in Middle Earth, then this is the game for you. Tons of awesome abilities and weapons combined with an interesting story and awesome gameplay makes this game well worth your money."
,Recommended,241930,19264746,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,VKhaun,"Very fun game so far. 9/10.Aside from minor annoyances with the menu controls, fleeing enemies and enemy leaders forcing unskippable little cutscenes, my only major complaint (-1pt) is that the space bar is way over-used.That one key serves as jump, sprint, latch on, climb, dodge, shows up in quick time event prompts, dodge prompts from enemies that can't be blocked by the normal key, vaulting over low obstacles, bow special attacks, with an upgrade it triggers a combat move of it's own just by doing it towards an enemy, it starts ladder climbs and it's used in grapple combos. -_-Quite a few frustrating deaths now where the space bar won't cooperate to sprint or jump away, or won't dodge what/when I need to because there's a bunch of enemies and objects around me taking the input to do other things."
,Recommended,241930,13849992,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SmakSak,"Fun game, good concept, nice characters but waaaay too easy"
76561197992035921,Recommended,241930,18873219,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,| n s a n i t y,"If a black hole were to suck in the world of Batman, Assassin's Creed and Middle Earth, you will find this game coming out from the other side."
76561198007431532,Recommended,241930,12524444,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Castiel,"The game really is as great as they would have you believe :) Let me start off that the story is a bit lackluster in my opinion, it's not that it is bad, it just doesn't really drag you in and 20 story missions aren't all that many anyway. That said, I enjoyed some characters, Torvin and Ratbag in particular, characters actually have some depth and the voice acting behind those is just amazing. However, the story doesn't really USE them enough... BUT! It's not the story that's gonna keep you glued to your chair, for me it was a near perfect combat system. Definitely more than inspired by Batman series but pushed even further and made even more responsive, enjoyable and free-flowing. Do you want to slay hordes of Uruks? You can! Even early on, with some good precision, you can carve through lines of Orcs and survive. Later on you'll get powerful tools to help you dispatch of these annoying green-skinned (not exclusively) ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s even quicker, and let me tell you it's a hell of a fun! I've put 32 hours into the game (haven't rushed with the story missions, took my time and really enjoyed myself immensely along the way) and I still feel like decapitating some more Orcs :) Monolith really did some solid job on this one. So don't hesitate and grab it while it's hot! ;)"
76561198051076735,Recommended,241930,31695748,Posted: 11 May,all,Werglia,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qhC5Ll75P8&t=27sHello poeple!Check out 'My fair Review' for Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor.Cheers
,Recommended,241930,29570457,Posted: 29 January,all,SEND EM 2 THA ESSENCE,assassins creed but with green people instead of brown people
76561198083653417,Not Recommended,241930,26076751,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Father Extreme,"I dig this game and the lore and jazz, but all you do is kill Orcs...and kill Orcs...and hey kill some more Orcs, it gets a bit repetitive. Get it on a sale though its not bad just i didnt enjoy it as much"
,Recommended,241930,33996658,Posted: 3 August,all,The Shadow Man,What are these towers of silver?What are these towers of silver?What are these towers of silver?What are these towers of silver?What are these towers of silver?What are these towers of silver?What are these towers of silver?What are these towers of silver?What are these towers of silver?What are these towers of silver?What are these towers of silver?
76561198102143290,Not Recommended,241930,34058889,Posted: 6 August,all,SlyNet,If you want to get a second job this is a game for you. Very boring grinding.
,Recommended,241930,15625341,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Jukerlaw,"Awesome game!The mechanics work great. It's pretty easy to play.Story, graphics, soundtrack: 10/10"
76561198032531394,Recommended,241930,15811382,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,WetBread,"Mix of Batman / Assassins Creed, side missions will become repetitive, combat is good, main mission is ok, bought on sale when it was 25 for both season pass and the game and dont know still if it was worth it, half I thought it was worth it, half I thought it wasn'tTook 21 hours to do the main game with the side quests except the hunting and plant side quests and the celebrimbor dlc with its side quest"
76561198026002503,Recommended,241930,18094657,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Juraks,"1. Haters featured below on this game, got bored because they over invested in one aspect of the game instead of using all of its elements.2. The game does have its flaws3. Is itcliche...no?I honestly hate people that call something this and walk away like its a piece of trash. The game has many twists and turns and you don't know exactly what to expect next.4. Mechanically it could still use a little work but overall its a lot better than some games.5. graphically, looking at the screenshots above, they are actual gameplay screenshots from a higher end PC. Actual looks of a game will vary but overall this is a good looking a game as I've ever seen. It honestly looks a whole lot better than skyrim with 300+ mods and ENBs installed.6. @haters STFU, if youre still hating on it at this point then just leave because you dont want to buy, if youre still on the fence, youtube the gameplay and see what its like for yourself, the story is a bit short but its not really all that dull if youre a decent sort.7. do I reccommend this game? I honestly dont regret spend 70$ on this game, (base + season pass) The developers as small a company as they are have struggled in getting a good/decent game out there. So Im honestly happy to see this game get game of the year, because they developed a small game very very well and its awesome. People complain about the limited customization and how the nemesis system was the only thing it added to the genre. Well, if youre honest the game added more than that to the genre, it freaking raised the bar for games.People dont seem to understand that this game could've been a final nail in a studio struggling to survive. Right now its like 30$ for everything released and I fully reccommend taking it up. Its a game thats not going to have youre life sucked out of you like skyrim, this is a game that you play on the side that you can sit down and walk away from and have actually gotten some stuff done. They more you level up and playthrough things the more it shines.I fully reccommend this game with a 9.3/10. it has a permanent place in my writing as one of the best games I've ever played. I hope you enjoy it to."
,Recommended,241930,15597465,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Zeka74,"I love this game,It expans the lore of middle earth wellThe graphics in this game are beautiful and nothing ever feels out of place or wrong looking.The music sets moods well and  goes in and out in just the right placesThe combat is amazing,the way it flows is just great(feels alot like batman but better) there is alot of different skills and moves you can do and experiment with.Alot of the enemies are different,while alot arent very challenging,they are still fun to fightYou can do alot of different things,so many mission types and different campaigns that just add more and moreThe story is just great too,sometimes a little lacking and maybe a little short but the combat and gameplay world make up for it all the way."
76561197987629537,Recommended,241930,17340620,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Xyranoth,"Fantasy Action Adventure*Bug FreeOverall 4 out of 5Complexity 2Graphics 4Immersive 4Inovative 2Game Pace 3As fun as I wish Assassins Creed were. It follows the same gender, but it does it in a way that feels more fluent.Also the game expands from stealth kills and cinematic fights, and gived you some strategic dimension when introduce the Orc capitans and war lords. The dinamics of their power structure, sending threats and dominating orc makes the game pump some good extra hours of fun.As far as the story goes, this is the best thing I have seen comming out of the books, I'm not a fan of the movies and really hate what they did with the Hobbit in the big screen to present it as an action movie, but this ""prequal"" is quite good. Any fan will recognise the sword and the dagger, and after playing it makes all sense that the orcs run in feer of their glow in the original story."
,Recommended,241930,17665520,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,perry :D,"The best LoTR game by far!!!! If you are interested in the Lord of The Rings, this game is perfect for you! Even if you are not, this game will change that :D."
,Recommended,241930,18078960,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,securitysix,"If you've ever wondered what it's like to be both Ezio Auditore and Batman at the same time, look no farther. In Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor, you can sneak up on your enemies and then brutally thrash them and all of their friends."
,Recommended,241930,15465463,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Jåda,"Now you might be looking at this game, thinking this is way to similar to Assassins Creed. I`m telling you, it is not. in AC there is a very basic fighting and enemy AI system which delivers a very gentle fighting experience. In shadow of mordor, if you would choose to buy it, you will see a hell of an improvement. The combat runs really smoothly and there is alot to keep track on, which makes it fun and challenging. There are many different combos and ways you can use your weapons. Stealth mode is also quite similar to AC but you actually feel a lot more than an assassin.The nemesis system which everyone is talking about is also a huge plus on the fighting perspective. It makes every fight unique and tactical. If you are the smallest into badass fighting or Lotr, buy this game. Greatly recommended by my experince so far in the game. Also, sorry for eventual most disturbing mis-use of English grammar :-)."
,Recommended,241930,15865667,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,FatHobbit,"While this game is flagged as a ""Open World"" and ""RPG"" the game itself, to me, is a lot more a non-stop Action game, with combat more reminiscent of the Batman and Assassin's Creed games. I was disappointed at first thinking this would be more in the vein of Skyrim and other open world RPG's, but with a Middle Earth spin. There is no looting, no crafting, and no spells (in the sense of a mage/healer etc).After getting over my initial disappointment (and frustration at myself for not reading about the game more before purchasing) I found the it does action like no other game I have played and it quickly hooked me.From the start you get a basic tutorial that is part of the opening story and then are mostly left to fend for yourself. It was a little frustrating for me to start, as jumping straight into the fray I quickly aggroed half of Mordor's orcs and died. You get used to picking your battles to start and as you increase in power becoming a little less picky about which battles you run into. It also continues introducing new combat elements right into the 2nd half of the game, which gives you a lot of new ways to kill the ""filthy orcss""The game does have ability trees and runes for your weapons, as well as other abilities you can purchase with the in game currency Miriam, which you can get a number of different ways. The way you get these really give your character the feeling that you are growing in power constantly. By the end it is not the question of whether you should engage in the battle, but whatever gruesome/stylish way you can kill all these orcs. And there are a lot of them.The game balances the dagger, sword and bow aspects of it really well, and switching between each one during battles is easy and satisfying. Saying that you could play the majority of the game focusing on one aspect of it if you wanted too.It also has a lot of lore about Middle Earth, such as people, places, herbs, items etc.The Nemesis system is great, and orcs that kill you can become Captains and eventually Warchiefs. You can either help or hinder this as you see fit. I sometimes found that specific orcs were harder to kill depending on their randomised abilities, and it was fun to hinder their recruitment missions, feasts etc until I was at a stage that I could beat them.All in all Shadow of Mordor is a great game and well worth purchasing."
,Recommended,241930,15907665,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Postmodern Monads,"Not sure how re-playable the game is, but it sure was a great ride. 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,15908854,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,dee_R A D,Absolutely epic flawless win of a game. If you love the Lord of the ring world you will love this!
,Recommended,241930,16119082,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Whiskey Tango Foxtrot,"This game becomes quite repetitive and although it is a fun time waster, I can't bring myself to play it for more than a half hour at a time without getting bored of it. It might get better as the story progresses, but I can't bring myself to beat it."
76561197997550665,Recommended,241930,16231493,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Tsuki,"Brilliant.It takes a hell of a game to make me sit down and finish it in one or two sittings, but Shadow of Mordor did it.Great fun, great feeling, great story and insight into a universe we all know and love."
,Recommended,241930,16497066,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,kirsteyshae,"If you love LOTR, you'll love killing orcs & uruks in Shadow Of Mordor. Includes a unique & fast combat system as well as beautiful graphics & an in depth, legit storyline."
,Recommended,241930,16567518,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BWZS Clem,The fighting is so beautiful it makes me want to write poetry in elvish runes hammered out of the noble ores of cheetos and mountain dew.
,Recommended,241930,17155815,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Katskee,"I completed this game %100 in 52hours. game play is amazing,skills and combos are amazing. if you love middle earth  you must play this, highly recommended"
,Recommended,241930,17157603,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,brunobrcard,"This is a great action game. It has a fighting system based on the latest Batman games, however I think the fights work even better here. You get a real sense of danger and the powers you can unlock are far better. It also presents the new nemesis system for the bosses which is a true gem. If you like games like Batman or action games in general or is crazy about the Tolkien universe, you should buy this game.Graphics 10/10 - Great graphics. State of art and you can easily run the game on HIGH far over 30 FPS on a Sandy bridge CPU and a 270x card.Sound 9/10 - Great sound, great conversations between orcs. Good music. One point removed because it did not impress me as much as the graphics.Gameplay 10/10 - Great nemesis system, improved fighting system (better than the Batman games). Great action game.Story 9/10 - It is kind of a loose story. It does relate to the Lord of the Rings lore even if it does not relate to the trilogy heroes. Lots of revelations on the rings.Overall 9.5/10 - I believe this game will please 99% of the gamers. I recommend it."
,Recommended,241930,17341606,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Mr Chiggers,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is an open world action-adventure video game set within Tolkien's universe. Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is a third-person open world video game, where the player controls a Ranger by the name of Talion who seeks revenge on the forces of Sauron after his family, including his wife, are killed.Through the game there are many orcs and warlords you can defeat. Once defeated others will take their place. Once your lvl is high enough you can turn them to your side and even have them fight for you. This game has so many positive and beautiful things about it, one cant help but be entranced. If you love the lore then this is a must have. Though its not apart of the time line it is created to be apart of the univers. It is both beautiful and relaxing. Worth the price."
,Recommended,241930,17588901,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,MickeyRambo,Awesome game! Recommend it to anyone who loves LOTR and RPGs.
76561198006888600,Recommended,241930,17623082,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Wilrana,For all those who like some good hack and slash this one is a good one with a good story.
76561198036932946,Recommended,241930,18083575,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,SpartanS212,Great game!! In some missions stealth is critical but in others you can pick the style you want to fight. When free roaming however you are free to sneak around silently picking off enemies as you go or hack and slash your way across the map leaving a long bloody trail behind you. Nemesis system and the random events that appear keep the game fresh from start to finish. Would absolutely recommend.
,Recommended,241930,18102055,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,McNugget Cowboy (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),A very fun gamePros-Combat is fun-Gameplay in general is fun-Executions are really fun-You can play for long amounts of time without getting bored.-Tons to doCons-Story is meh especially for LOTR-Ending Sucked gameplay and story wiseBuy it for the gameplay but if your a big LOTR fan you might be disapointed with the story.
76561198073423339,Recommended,241930,18106858,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,wellser06,"So many ways to kill an orc, every single one of them awesome. Just a great game from top to bottom, different game modes alternate costumes and characters to boot. Gameplay and graphics are top notch you will be slicing up orcs from the get go."
76561198013287572,Recommended,241930,18132911,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Elninio,"Your on the fence ,you can step down and go for it  a very good  Hack and slash whit rpg elements .-Wanna tactics be stealthy go for it-Wanna go full bezerk go for itIf you like the Batman games and Assisins Creed this should be right up your alley .If your looking for a big LOTR story line forget it not that kind of game .Controls are responsive and slicing Orcs Heads is fluid animations are well made ."
76561198047317938,Recommended,241930,15052869,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,curtgunner|枪手科特|,it was a really good game
,Recommended,241930,15401025,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,Very nice and smooth game. Love the combat style.8/10
,Recommended,241930,17587887,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Chad,"I want say with no doubt that the AI in this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but I still love it."
,Recommended,241930,18197730,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,SamtingRong,Great!
,Recommended,241930,15872997,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,MAKCIK ROTI,"Laziest review ever: Buy this game when it's cheap, it's worth it XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD"
76561198005364477,Recommended,241930,17200394,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,QQKACHU,Good Game.
,Recommended,241930,17338733,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Ghost in the Shell,Picked up Game of the Year Edition the other day.Loaded game and played.Two and a half hours went by.Didn't want to go to work.Went to work.Thought about Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor Game of the Year Edition.10/10 Would think about this game at work again.
,Recommended,241930,17651929,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,altrewin,"I feel the best way to describe this game is as an Open World RPG, with Batman Arkham Asylum fighting mechanics (but with a LOTR twist), mixed with a bit of Assassin's Creed climbing/freerunning/parkour (whatever you want to call it), in a LOTR universe. And what does that make you ask? A very fun game, although perhaps not a particularly memorable one. Perhaps it's because I'm not a huge LOTR fan (haven't seen the movies, only read 1st book), but this game just hasn't stuck in my head so much as others. I remember enjoying the game (quite a lot actually), but it just wasn't memorable for me, so take that as you will.Would I recommend this game?If you liked Batman Arkham Asylum or Assassin's Creed, chances are you'll enjoy this game. I think I'd recommend it, but perhaps not at it's full price (I personally bought the GOTY Edition at 66% off).Which again is weird, because I enjoyed the game, and it still beat my £1/hr that I usually want from games by a lot, even at full price, yet I am still conflicted on it. Go figure."
,Recommended,241930,18137987,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Lord EDOX,This game is an interesting concept to an old story. It fits fairly well within the story line between the Hobbit and the LotR's trilogy. The game play is smooth and fighting controls are very simular to the Batman Arkham series. The story and open world are atmospheric and immursive. Overall this game is a fun addition to the LotR's universe.
76561197963815478,Recommended,241930,15616804,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Stoli,"Great game. Im not much of a single player game love, but this game has me hooked. Its story keeps you intrigued, wanting to keep playing to find out what happends next. If you like open world games and a good story, i definitely recommend this game. You wont be dissappointed."
,Recommended,241930,15632586,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Tovath,"I saw someone streaming this and tried it out for myself while on sale.  The graphics are awesome, the storyline compelling, the gameplay phenomenal, the powers and abilities you gain along the way are a blast! Probably the best single player game I've played in the past five years easily.I hope to see more games like this in the future, I'm already imaging a Jedi game that plays in a similar fashion."
76561198123970536,Recommended,241930,15684209,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,MigL,It's like AC Unity but w/ faces
76561198223496092,Recommended,241930,15695246,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Sawadadiego,BEST ORC HUNT SIMULATOR!
76561198063276162,Recommended,241930,15703682,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"Great, fun and it can last for hours"
,Recommended,241930,15782401,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,The Jackal,พูดจากใจ ไม่คิดว่าจะมันติดลมขนาดนี้
,Recommended,241930,15937021,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,I N T E R R O.,"Doesn't it bother anyone else that the noises the ghouls make in this game are the exact same as the noises the Leapers make in Diablo 2's Act II, Lut Gholein?I heard many good things about Shadow of Mordor, all of which have been proven by an abundance of hours playing this game. Fluid and rewarding combat is coupled with an addicting promotion and nemesis system to create gameplay that draws you in without letting you go. The story could be stronger and the gameplay can get somewhat repetitive in parts yet neither of those are large enough drawbacks to turn someone off of purchasing this game. Highly recommend, but wait 'til the GOTY edition is on sale."
,Recommended,241930,16571609,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ZCerebrate,"While playing tons of Middle-earth based games that were extremely disappointing, this exception was a very engaging game that deserved all of it's ""hype"" due to the concept of the Nemesis system alone.  The sound effects are clear and distinct, the music is LoTR thematic but there are some new scores as well.  The graphics are nice though a bit dreary in color it remains clear with tight controls on this PC port that is very streamlined for the modern gamer.I throughly enjoyed my experience with the game while it could've been a bit longer but after finishing all the sidequests and DLC campaigns, I did start to feel the assests were running a bit thin and repetitive.  The difficulty of the game is rather low but it's a fun experience with lots of different approaches to the same missions depending on how you want to negotiate.Unfortunately this doesn't mean there aren't a few cheap deaths occasionally - some amount of preparation and grinding can prevent those if you really insist on keeping the Uruks down. Yet for those just playing through the game casually, they will start to encounter some cheap trait combinations on some of the higher end Uruks that produce some cheap death moments.  Fortunately, death is a part of the game and knowledge after a death and the exacting of revenge is the crux of the nemesis system.I highly recommend this title (though not enough to recommend it at full price this long after it's release)- if you find a bundle deal with everything then the side campaigns are nice but the extra runes/skins aren't really that important."
,Recommended,241930,16583323,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DeadLung,If you love stealth and/or recklessly killing orcs face to face this game is for you!
,Recommended,241930,18105045,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Bhood,"Really great worth full price but if you catch it on sale and you still dont have it then you should definitely swoop on it.Hack n slash, its like the arkham games and AC had a baby in mordor and this is what it became."
76561198022995644,Recommended,241930,16713321,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Fetty Wap's Good Eye,Middle-earth: Shadow of MurderAllTheOrcs 10/10 would kill again
76561198047671594,Recommended,241930,17001114,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,miner_2000,"I will keep it short , it's great , it travels you to LOTR fantasy world with a very nice  touch."
,Recommended,241930,17095479,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ChaoticBurden,"TL;DR: Shadow of Mordor is a fun murder simulator that fills your Orc slaying needs that you didn’t realize weren’t be met.When I first booted up, I felt like Shadow of Mordor was a higher fantasy Assassin’s Creed. A really frustrating, High Fantasy Assassin’s Creed. I almost put the game down early, because it just felt tedious. I didn’t, though. I kept with it, and I’m glad I did. After you start to figure out the mechanics of combat, you start to feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥(something that AC never really accomplished). You gain more and more skills that make taking on that group of 20 orcs a challenge, but also a capable task. I still have fun cutting off heads, and dropping into a group and laying waste. That part of the game has yet to get old for me.The story is interesting enough. I mean, I guess its mileage will depend on your fan level with LOTR lore. The main character is bland and uninteresting. Celebrimbor is a little more interesting, but not really explored enough to be noteworthy. I mean, with his actions, there could be so much more development, but it’s mostly ignored here. If you do none of the side missions, the game is quite short, but slaughtering Orcs is the main draw here. The graphics are beautiful, even on my slower computer. The load times are awful (but again, old computer). The learning curve is a little steep for the less than skillful. It’s a port, so I’d joystick up. The game is a space hog, and I’m not sure why—uncompressed textures maybe. I got the full game package, so I can’t tell you what DLC is worth it. I changed my costume, but I haven’t tried any of the extra campaigns.Overall, the game continues to be fun. I don’t want to finish the story, I just want to keep killing all of Sauron’s Orc support structure."
,Recommended,241930,17248408,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,TheInaudibleGamer,One of the best games that i have by FARreminds me of Assassins creed aswellman i love killing orcs for some reason.....
,Recommended,241930,17327555,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Darthbob,Great game although it gets really repettative after you unlock the skill tiers through powers. Other than that It's assasins creed done well.
,Recommended,241930,17375737,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Askebrosjr,I should probably do some missions... Ehhh. nah I'll just kill more Uruks
76561198091245884,Recommended,241930,17381009,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Comedian D Banks,10/10-IGN
,Recommended,241930,17391490,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Zephonis,Brilliant.
76561198017853500,Recommended,241930,17864174,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,ManiacalVDog,Good action combat.
,Recommended,241930,18092010,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,BullShark,"I rarely write a review with so little time spent on a game unless it is a total flop within the first hour of play.  This game, however, is freaking wonderful.  It has a technologically rich game engine and the work that went into the story line and questlines is absolutely fantastic!  I am totally impressed with the smooth graphics play and the ease of learning the keyboard and mechanics of the game.  The immediate access to tutorial conent is a blessing too.  Thank you WB, you guys rock!  I look forward to many hours of game play and I plan on bleeding every inch of adventure from your game world."
76561198038989681,Recommended,241930,18127500,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,GreyNada,"Man this game is great, it gets a little repititive after awhile, but it's still enjoyable.  I had this game for a couple days and already spent 14 hours on it, and i dont do that alot. I can see why this game got goty at E3 its really fun, has some really neat gameplay,and maybe not worth 60$, but most certaintly worth 20."
,Recommended,241930,18133219,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,rehygarrr,"I had a good time playing these 15h of this game. The combat is good but abit repeating. Story 7/10. Could have been a little better, but I liked it anyway.Overall a great game."
76561198093078781,Recommended,241930,18157323,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,✪ pork chops is sexy,You must buy this game once it goes on sale !! It is so freaking good !At first I thought there was only one map but turns out there's more ! O.OYou will know when the producers have really put their heart into the game once you play it.The graphics is also 10/10.Possibly one of the best games I've ever played.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!
,Recommended,241930,15082102,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,King Rob Ray,"All in all a very good game. The button layout for a controller isn't the best, but you get used to it."
76561198014694348,Recommended,241930,15975634,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,AfterAttack,"Not sure if anyone will see this, but whatever.I beat the game (excluding DLC) 100%, as in finding all the collectible rune thingies, finding all the lore trinkets, completing all the weapon challenges, completing all the flower-picking and hunting challenges, and finishing the main quest with all my stats leveled all the way up. All of that, plus some goofing around took my 25 hours. If you are a completionist, this game will keep you busy. If you are more a main quest person, you can get done with this game pretty fast (there are only 20 main quest missions). the combat is really fun; it's a lot like the batman games. and the combat gets easier/makes you more badass as you unlock new abilities. if you don't like to do every single thing possible in open world games, you should probably wait until its on sale. Otherwise, it's well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,241930,16583159,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Msabar,Brilliant :)
76561198108331851,Recommended,241930,18084615,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Morrack,"Ah Mordor... Such a beautiful wasteland and a stockpile for orc flesh and blood... And some grog on the side...So you would wonder... why would I recoment a game that youmostly travel a vast wasteland filled with orcs and some pretty good looking men for slaves...Graphics and wold design:Well What I can say is that the game is beautiful. Runing it on ultra is quite needy *cough* 6gb vram *cough* but the difference between ultra and high  is almost unnoticeable. The design of the world is great. It really does feel like mordor. You can see the elvish ruins everywhere since the orcs did came to being from the elf race untill the land and power of the Dark Lords twisted them. It really does have its atmosphere and the variety of models for the orcs that you slay is huge. I can hardly see 2 absolutely same orcs next to each other... yes some are similair but not the same!So what is the downside of graphics and design... Well the game is needy! For 6 gigs of Vram I would have expected something a bit more. But don't get me wrong. It is still OK! But what I greatly disliked about the game was... Well Mordor... at least the first area. It is so dark so muddy and dead. (Insert huge desire to see a RPG with the whole open world of the middle earth...) In a while it just felt so unpleasent to be in! I just felt so much pressure on myself for just being there virtually. I really wanted to see some more grass and leaves in the game.And I DID!!! I didn't expect it but when I understood that I will go to a new area. And when I saw some leaves and grass... Ohh dear ""bright"" lord... I was so happy. I felt such relief. Did I mention it even had TREES!!! That is when I was happy that I got this game...Character design:Ok I will try be short here. Well It is good. The models... the character itself... The speech, the way they get presented and you get to know them. It is good, but now perfect and not what I expected as a LOTR fan. Something just didn't feel right I can't put my finger on it. But the characters were just a bit softer. A bit less of what they should have been. The strongest example I can give you is Golum/Smeagol. It is... Just not Golum/smeagol. It is a really soft little creature... And not the twisted/corrupted little strange thing. I just didn't feel how the precious twisted him. Yes the model was right. But they didn't show nearly enaugh of how it actually stalks and reacts to people it is interested in and hates. In the end it was still golum/smeagol but just a tiny bit of what he is really.Some words for the rangers: Well good but they still looked/felt quite soft for gatekeepers of mordor...Bad guys: Orcs are fine. A bit too intelegent with good english... But still quite good orcs if you ask me.Tue ultimate bad guys: Well... The model and expesions were fine. But they still didn't feel as evil as they should...And there went me trying to be short...Combat system:Great! The combat is fluid bloody/brutal... Silent when stealthy. Amazing finishers. Great effects from the powers. Camera movements were Good. Dull when the space is limited but good. One of the best combat systems I have seen to be honest. Hell I could barely see and not seamless part between the animations. There are some but hard to get them.What I would I would liked to see more from this game's combat system. Well Heavy attacks. And heavy-light attack combos. Harder stealth... you are way too hard to detect it is like orcs are blind... And when they see you the reaction is slow enough for you to be able to approach a orc from the front and stealth kill him. And the last thing I would like to see is the ability to guide arrows a bit with your powers. :DSo overall... The game is good. Worth playing totally. But In my opinion they could have made it better :)"
,Recommended,241930,15614455,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Positively Squack - Derpy Hooves,"OMG. This is THE best game of the year so far. It is absolutely amazing.Just get it.Now.Or in a minute when you've read about 13 reviews :)No downsides really, read the others for in depth ahaha"
76561198212825645,Recommended,241930,30293309,Posted: 3 March,all,wonderboy.n8,YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
76561197963704049,Not Recommended,241930,31891325,Posted: 21 May,all,Wiwie,"As a big fan of middle earth I was looking forward to playing this game, especially given its good reviews.However, to a large degree this game is just disappointing.PROS:- Good graphics- Good looking cinematics- Tolkin universe with known figures, such as GollumCONS:- Disappointing and boring main story. After playing 4 hours of the story line, I have little to no interest in knowing how the story continues.- Characters and cinematics arenot hooking me at all: Characters as well as cut scenes seem pretty ""flat"". Probably the devs wanted to present the sinister mood of Mordor. However, what they deliver in my eyes are characters that seem pretty indifferent and just dont care about the whole story. Not very motivating.- The controls are complicated (many different buttons for the same kind of thing, as it seems to me) and seem sluggish, such that I get often stuck at things, or miss attacks. Most frustrating are the fights, here my character is often doing random things that do not seem to relate to which buttons I press.In summary, it feels to me like a pretty empty open world."
,Recommended,241930,32910731,Posted: 27 June,all,Goodbye,So cheap!
76561198040489832,Recommended,241930,12946177,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,LordRage,Amazingly great fun! If you like running around powering up and decapitating Urks while your at it this is the ♥♥♥♥ing right game for you :)
,Recommended,241930,34088949,Posted: 7 August,all,Kachoski🔥🔥💯💯,dank
,Recommended,241930,12319168,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sparty,Good game if you like Unskippable-Orcs-getting-promoted-and-screaming-at-you-for-five-minutes Simulators. Every. Single. Time you die.
,Recommended,241930,34975527,Posted: 15 September,all,Gandalf the Woke,"Same Orc character never dies, comes back to life a million and one times and always at the worst possible moments and stronger each time, so what's the actual point of trying to play this game or anything like it?There are always ten to twenty, just as immune, just as invulnerable orc captains that all never really die, so what's the ****ing point?I can't believe you're about to release a sequel to this utter♥♥♥♥♥♥storm of bad. It's as if you guys decided that adding stupid and pointless occurances to this game was a good idea... and I bet you paid extra to who ever's idea it was, since you clearly have an agenda to ****ing waste my time...Half of everything inn this 'game' isn't even cannon to the LOTR universe. Caragors are not cannon. The main character is not even cannon. There is no such thing as the black hand or the tower, etc, etc, etc, etc... I mean i'm literally listening to the hobbit on audiobook as I write this review, you guys... so shame on you. I'm still going to up vote this, because I want any royalties in it to go to the Tolkien estate. it's not Tolkien's fault that you ruined everything."
76561197988540450,Recommended,241930,15181934,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,teh Johnson,Shadow of Mordor is the only game I've ever seen where you can play as Talion and kill Orcs.It's good. I recommend.
,Recommended,241930,15100162,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Jinsai,"Surprisingly engaging sword-fighting game. Solid core gameplay with decent side missions and genuinely engaging ""nemesis"" system. Mashes up several other games' ideas and comes up with something that feels fresh."
76561198050461309,Recommended,241930,14883638,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,charmsy,"its like skyrim, with guns.jk thats gay.The combat is pretty copy pasterino from games like Arkham and Assassins Creed. But it feels fresh. Really fresh. The ""Nemisis"" System is really fun and adds a consequence to dying.Its like a 8/10Solid Game."
,Recommended,241930,17522906,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Rokaz,"Really enjoyed this game. Best orc killing simulator.(9,5/10) :)"
,Recommended,241930,32953163,Posted: 28 June,all,TheLegend25,gud
,Recommended,241930,32953397,Posted: 28 June,all,DaRuler,fun game
76561197960912290,Recommended,241930,25116338,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Vividnightmare,"Assassins Creed: Shadow of Mordor with Lucas Arts Mercenaries expansion content. If that doesn't make total sense, let me clarify. Plays a LOT like Assassins Creed, I mean a lot, to the point of you climb up towers to reveal sections of the map. It's filled with side missions to upgrade gear and get XP you 'level up' by getting better runes to add to your weapons. You do still level up more traditionally, just like AC, you gain new and improved skills as you gain points to do so through taking out bad guys. Where does the mercenaries come in? Through the AWESOME and I do mean AWESOME bounty like system, the goal it to get to a 'general' or sorts, who has almost two dozen Captains under him. Just like in the LOTR stories though they are in an almost constant state of internal conflict as they challenge, betray and assassinate each other in pursuit of greater power among their own. Enemies will kill each other, making the survivng orc stronger and more difficult to kill. There is a ton of development around this sytem, with awesome features like enemies you defeat will sometimes return, mangled and disfigured from your previous fight with the intent of revenge on YOU for what you did to them. Enemies also come with an assortment of weakness and strength, such as a fear or hatred of fire. Things which they fear either do extra damage or cause them to run in fear giving the player the ability to instant kill them, things they hate do the opposite, increasing their damage, defense and in many cases causes them to instantly regenerate to full health (Only one full regen PER thing they hate can be triggered though). The big let down is the DLC. I got this on console and enjoyed it, but wanted something backwards compatible so got this on PC with all DLC, the DLC added virtually nothing for me, some side missions which add little replayability to me and a handful of alternate costumes, none of which I liked more than the default game out fit. Without the DLC, I'd say it's still worth $30, with the DLC still $30. For me the DLC adds zero value."
,Recommended,241930,30357451,Posted: 6 March,all,Oathbreaker,"I was expecting to be disappointed when this first released but I couldn't have been more wrong, I'm about to do another playthrough before the next release.9.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,33425030,Posted: 10 July,all,Neutron,i love this gamehé
,Recommended,241930,12306738,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Mr Windblade,"I am not a Lord of the Rings fan.  I know very little of the lore, and I haven't been able to sit through any of the films.  I enjoyed the first couple Assassin's Creed games and I liked the Arkham series.  This game is... different.  After nearly 9 hours in-game, I have gotten a fair amount of things done in the game, and I have a decent handle on how the Nemesis system works.Since most of you probably already know how the combat works (it's lifted right from Batman, control scheme and all) we should talk about the other important gameplay feature - the Nemesis system.  This is the meat of the game and has the potential to give you quite a bit of grief and at the same time provide you with the most satisfying open world gameplay experience to date.To start, you know very little about the higher eschelons of Sauron's army.  You are plopped in the middle of this place called Mordor, and basically told to start killing things.  Can do.  Once you pass the first few tutorials, you gain your first Intel, which lights up a member of the army, gives you a vague location for the character, and may give you a few of his strengths, weaknesses, fears, and hates.Strengths are obvious - some of the captains are immune to ranged attacks, some have strong counters, and some may be immune to fear effects.Weaknesses are also somewhat obvious - some captains can be instantly killed by stealth attacks, some can be shot in the face with an arrow and killed, and some can be executed with critical finishers.Fears are less obvious to folks who haven't played.  Fears can be abused to lower a captain's defenses or even set him to running away.  Fears can include fear of Coragons (they look like Tigers), fear of fire, fear of watching his fellows be defeated, etc. and these fears are really important to take advantage of on some of the stronger characters.Hates are the opposite of fears - they're things you can do to beef up the enemy.  Some of these hates are silly, like a hate of pain.  Obviously, all of the Uruk (Orcs, but smarter I guess) hate to be murdered violently, but some of them hate it a little extra.  Regardless, hates are things you should probably not do if you want the fight to be easy.Enemies can get promoted by doing random events over time, by killing you, or through your direct influence on certain events that occur in the game.  Promotions make the enemy stronger and give it more pull in the army, but also increase the reward you gain from killing it, so you might benefit from helping a weak captain get promoted to a higher rank, and then taking him out when the reward level gets interesting.With all this, the game shapes up to be pretty good, since your encounters with your enemy army tend to be influenced by your actions and decisions and therefore feel unique to you, but there is one small problem: the actual rewards are kind of... irrelevant.You gain interesting things through the use of XP and Power, such as new abilities or improvements on ones you already have, but these will come whether you ""participate"" in the Nemesis system or just let it happen to you.  You will be able to buy all of the skills in the game and you will be able to maximize your power level just by playing and making no special efforts to do extra things.The ""loot"" for defeating captains and warchiefs comes in the form of Runes, which provide different passive bonuses to your three styles of combat.  These bonuses are largely irrelevant.  Certainly some of them are nice, but you may not notice or even care if your stealth kills regenerate a portion of your health, focus, or elf-shot (a terrible name for your current magic power level), or if you do 6% more damage from behind, because the abilities you've gained on the XP/Power tree are crafted so that it's never important to be buffed up.I think this is where the feeling of repetition really hits, though - the reward for winning is so trivial that you may even forget to bother with the Nemesis system at all, which is a real shame for a system that's so good.  As the game stands now, the only reason to participate in the Nemesis system is for the pure entertainment of playing the chessmaster with your opponent's army.All in all, I recommend Shadow of Mordor.  It's a pretty fun game, has a lot of missions and I really do like the Nemesis system.  I just wish that it rewarded me a bit better."
76561198007350417,Recommended,241930,33432961,Posted: 10 July,all,Koro *T*R*Y*,Enjoyable all the way through. The ending sucks though which is unfortunate but otherwise it's good.
76561198073534439,Recommended,241930,33447131,Posted: 10 July,all,killerkobra,I have not been into a game this hard since I was a teenager. For Gondor!
,Recommended,241930,33447050,Posted: 10 July,all,mightydingo100,Didn't think it got any homlier than this
,Recommended,241930,18479311,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,pfhy2k,"Final boss was a bit of a letdown but other than that, this game has lived up to its promise, truly enjoyed and worth a second playthrough.8/10"
,Recommended,241930,18663516,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Philly Wonken,"Shadow of Mordor is better at being an Arkham game than Batman: Arkham Knight was. And it's better at being an Assassin's Creed game than any Assassin's Creed game... Ever.But, to be fair, the Assassin's Creed franchise never was great at making Assassin's Creed games to begin with. They're like beautiful puzzles being assembled by people who don't know how puzzles work."
,Recommended,241930,19581615,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,♓Pisces,Really Awesome Game. Great Story and Gameplay Style
76561198003481205,Recommended,241930,18208603,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Deadman,Awesome game! Just buy it :)
,Recommended,241930,13702494,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,smm,"i ride beast, kill many orcs, feel powerful like gandalf"
,Recommended,241930,13800895,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Espaba,MOOOORRRRRDOOORRRRRRRR
,Recommended,241930,33147270,Posted: 2 July,all,MadSeaMonkey,Great action game with plenty of opportunity for stealth or more straightforward approach. The Nemesis system is interesting as is the story. Well worth a look if you're into fantasy action games and/or Tolkien's Middle-earth.
76561198057208454,Recommended,241930,23507019,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Ssdd,9
76561198052192990,Recommended,241930,14011474,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,TeaRofFeaR,After gaming for 2 decades + this is my very first Perfect game .I had completed and unlocked all achievement. That is how much i love the game.10/10
,Recommended,241930,30357578,Posted: 6 March,all,Sassan al-Habbah,"Very brutal, intense and enjoyable piece of art.Shadow of mordor is uruk-slayer open world rpg game. It's set in Lord of the rings enviroment, but only Saruon,Gollum and orcs are same as in the movie/book series. Everything else is new and very fun to discover. The story is quite nice, but not as important as gameplay. It's shame that most players play only main story that is about 15 hrs long when there is so much things to do. Gameplay is the best and main feature of the game. It's so well made and fun. The executions are awesome. The nemesis system keep you hours and hours in game. And you can ride every single animal in game ! There's pretty much side missions and colectibles too. And graphics.....damn...so stunning! It's good, that at 9,99€ in sale you get game+all dlcs.prosavarage storygameplaygraphicsnemesis systemenviromenturuksdead uruksconsshort story for open world gamesometimes acrobatic runno difficulty optionOverallAwesome game! Very relaxing after long and depressing day :D"
76561198071864993,Not Recommended,241930,33957549,Posted: 1 August,all,AHappyGummyWorm,Meh the good content isn't unlocked until halfway through the game and before that it's just a boring slog with a minimal story. After the halfway point you get to command orcs and then there's yer lot really the 'innovative' nemesis system so kindly allows the player to make their own fun so the developers don't have to.Give it a miss or just buy it on sale if you really want it.
,Not Recommended,241930,33767218,Posted: 24 July,all,nick,"A well optimized game set in the Lord of the Rings Universe. The mouse movement is very poorly implemented, the combat is sluggish and lacks variation, the campaign fails to drag you in or immerse you. The atmosphere isn't there, and the AI fights aren't even fun. The only times you really take damage or die is when you're taking fire from ranged attacks during melee combat and there's poor indication of what to even look for when being attacked by range.Then the map has little to nothing to offer in terms of exploration and the whole game just collapses on itself. For the sale price I paid I don't feel robbed but I surely would never buy this kind of game at full price. Especially for the amount of hard drive space it takes up for how shallow the game feels. I'm glad the game was made for LOTR fans but as an open-world hack-n-slash/RPG it really doesn't deliver. Proceed with caution."
76561198118288216,Recommended,241930,12747014,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lone Falcon,Good story that takes elemennts from the LOTR. The gameplay/fighting is fun and very similar to the gameplay of Arkham Orgins. I was never a huge LOTR fan but so far I have thoroughly enjoyed tis game.
,Recommended,241930,15900796,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Jerry,A ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING GAME!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,241930,16147454,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Syvyvn,It's good
76561198047217107,Recommended,241930,16165067,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Frostleaf,"This is one of my personal favorite games out off 2014. it really brings something new to the table with the nemesis system.the story is fairly passible but the real fun lies in killing the orc captains and warchiefs..if i have one big complaint about the game, i would say it really gets gamebreakingly easy after you unlocked most of the abillities..other then that an amazing game ! :)"
,Recommended,241930,16591199,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mountaineer,Not a Skyrim DLC
76561197999481179,Recommended,241930,17905733,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Kelvinhbo,"Awesome game, Having great fun with this."
,Recommended,241930,18546921,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ATPIC,good game . look very detailed . the story is very interesting and very extensive game world
,Recommended,241930,24291266,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Rossgo6,"My blood lust has been satisfied , this is the best slash them up game I've played . The story line is a bit boring but the gameplay is amazing with easy to understand combos and upgrade system . Great game and with all the DLC you'll have endless fun killing orcs ."
,Recommended,241930,24730749,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Tschisi,Game itself was really nice but only the first 3 hours.After a while it begin to repeat itself also  it has a lot online pvp potential but it's only campaign.Overall a very sweet gamePros:Cool graphics.Nice enemy Ai.Quite challenging from time to time.Cons:It does repeat itself quite oftenThe ending is pure bulllshitcan recoomend this game for max 20 bucks
76561198019733506,Recommended,241930,14860505,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Nerdgasm,Would excuse myself from battle for a quick nibble on some wild plants again.11/10
,Recommended,241930,20406200,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,rafasc_94,"this game surely is a surprise, i though it would suck but actually is a pretty decent and fun game although their are a lot of things that are annoying.lets keep short and sweet, the combat is good and offers a lot variaty being sword play or bow, however during combat sometimes when you are focusing on a specific orc to make a kill combo Talion will simply change is target for some reason. Although you have diferent ways to approach the game being them stealhy, range or combat, its often better just to stay with stealh (wich is pretty damn good) since if you start fighting orcs in a stronghold you will be there for a while because the hoerd wont stop coming, that is unless you run.There are 2 small world maps which are pretty filled up you will ocosionally find some Orc generals walking arround which is good meaning they arent a specific mission, you have collectibale that will teach you lore, side mission to upgrade your gear, missions to kill specific orcs and even missions where you will avenge the death of some other playerIn terms of story is nothing of the other world, is a story of revenge i will just call averageThe DLC i recomend you to buy the GOTY edition on discount because its pretty much the same thing doesnt give anything new to the lore or gameplayThe game is pretty solid had a lot of fun killing orcs in various ways 7/10"
,Recommended,241930,31099688,Posted: 12 April,all,PotterAndMatrixFan,"IntroductionShadow of Mordor is an immersive and beautiful open-world third-person game with combat inspired by the Batman Arkham games, and a climbing/parkour system inspired by the Assassin's Creed games. And then we have the brand-new Nemesis System, where the Uruk armies will serve both your will and the Dark Lords's.In my opinion it's easily the best game involving Middle-earth to date, and if you are not famliar with the Lord of the Rings series in any shape or form (how dare you), you won't be feeling left out, save for a few familiar faces.Pros- The graphics are nice, not amazing but it's good in my book.- Story is pretty simple, but interesting none the less.- The Nemesis System is the biggest selling point of the game, and right fully so; for example, you can purposefully help an Uruk climb the ranks of Mordor then kill him and he might come back, after which you brand him and make him yours and in turn you send him to duel your sworn nemesis. In other words, it's pretty complex.- The soundtrack is 50/50, really good in some places and forgettable in others (for fans of the series there's extra value in the soundtrack, so that's a pro to me).- The climbing system is nice and free-flowing but I wish it was a little bit less clumsy in some places.- Voice acting is great with the likes of Nolan North, Troy Baker, Steve Blum and Fred Tatasciore all in this game.Cons- The combat is too easy, could have been more complex which I hope the sequel (Shadow of War) does better.- No Andy Serkis.- Boss fights are your standard slash at them until their health bar has gone down to zero, even worse is the final boss whichmakes absolutely no sense and is just a Quick Time Event (I don't want to fight Sauron's pathetic underling, I want to fight The Dark Lord in his full glory in an epic battle to the death. The DLC tried this and failed).EndAll in all, Lord of the Rings fans (ultra hardcore Tolkien fans may want to ignore the story), and casuals alike will enjoy this game if you're into third-person hack-n-slash combat and all that stuff.Here's hoping Shadow of War will be much better and beyond.Ash nazg durbatulûk, ash nazg gimbatul, ash nazg thrakatulûk, agh burzum-ishi krimpatulOne Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all, and in the darkness bind them"
76561198032893098,Recommended,241930,30598796,Posted: 18 March,all,Dr.Goulash,"Im gonna divide my review a little bit and try something new ı would be happy if you let me what you think about it.Story: Now ım not well educated on Tolkien's world so ım not sure how lorefriendly is the story but ı like it, there were few parts that ı couldnt put together with the movies but its minor things (somethings about movie characters and their actions that not in the movie) now the game sets before the second movie for sure it might even be before the first movie that ım not really sure since you dont hear much about the main characters of the movie. Now come to the story of the game for the main character ı was bit disapointed since there were no character creation (Im big fan of CC) and no character choice like female or male. (İf you have DLCs you can choose some skins that consists of characters in the campain (one of thm is a female if u want a female character)) but the Character story and the way he is made me remember Aragorn in many aspects which is my favorite character in the movies. Also there are many realistic features like enemy doesnt just stand and wait for you to gain power they actually gain power themself aswell specially when you die to them the orcs grow stronger (talking about the special orcs) like promotions etc. ı dont want to get into too much detail on story to not to give spoilers.Gameplay: İts pretty easy to get used to it. Tutorials are pretty easy and not frustrating. The way you play is basicly reminded me of bit about assasin creed to be honest (dont worry you dont jump into weird places once u get the hang of climbing which is prett easy) fighting is really fun and feel cinematic.Overall: İt might not be the best game but ı had fun playing and ı wont mind playing it to unlock every achivement 7or 8 / 10More questions feel free to add me ( but please let me know why you added)"
76561197997764520,Recommended,241930,12784537,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Audiodragon,"You like Lord of the Rings? Buy it. You'll want to reread the books.You like action games? Buy it. You'll want to slice your mother who has an Uruk face after this.10/10 Sliced my mother and became the Shadow of Mordor, would do it again"
76561197960831611,Recommended,241930,12327298,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,arch,Fun.
,Recommended,241930,24132470,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Artiz90,Superb!
76561198097194143,Recommended,241930,24152002,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SuperSlinky: The Next Generation,I've never cringed while brutaly murderizing an Or♥♥♥♥♥♥I mean Uruk before.Also Arkham Game Mechanics so it's a 9/10.
76561198016449058,Not Recommended,241930,24962732,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,^6SwVoip^3King,"Story is fun since i am a fan of LOTR.That is the variety of orchs is the only things that i really really liked  in this game.the rest of the game is ok game if you like monotonous and linear play.After the second hour you realize do the same thing over and over again and this does not change until the end.The gameplay is easy and its a lot of button punching.I hoped it was going to be more like god of war but it ended up beeing just a repetitive game that makes you do everything again and again and then again one more time.Someone said that the definition of insanity is to do the exact thing twice and expect two different results.Well i went insane playing this, i did the missions that are pretty much exactly the same and all of them had the same results and this  went on from the begining to the end.If you are that gamer that plays dark souls then keep away from this, if you like tekken and not really thinking what you have to do then this is the game for you.Storyline 7/10Graphics 7/10Missions 3/10Gameplay 5/10Soundtrack 5/10Overallscore 5/10"
76561198022301589,Recommended,241930,23965813,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,brouwer.dave,"Amazing Game!  Fluid controls, interesting plot, sandbox gameplay, and still looks pretty good.  Uruk characterization is superb.  It's a no-brainer if it's on sale!"
76561197981515638,Recommended,241930,24138200,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Tuor,I know this game is old now but I picked this up on the sale and it's really good.
76561198031376462,Recommended,241930,23941401,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Buskea22,"PROS:-Fun, engaging story-Likeable characters-Awesome graphics-Exciting gameplay-Amazing ""Rivalry"" systemCONS:-Can be very repetative-Eventually you'll find a good way to do things, and ignore the multiple other aspects (Bow, Stealth, Sword)9/10. This game is Assassin's Creed made better"
,Recommended,241930,23967035,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,EM,"Wow, It's easy to play with MOUSE and KEYBOARD!Didn't expect this from an action rpg game!I give 10/10 just for this"
76561198157380589,Recommended,241930,24069946,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Malice,"I have not spent a huge amount of time one the game yet, but the graphics are great and once you get the hang of the controls the game itself is really enjoyable."
76561198074711427,Recommended,241930,32271759,Posted: 8 June,all,CatnipADDict,Orc slicing simulator! Fun and complex! However it gets quite repetative after a while((would still recommend
76561198253352975,Recommended,241930,32015467,Posted: 28 May,all,Murky,8/10
,Recommended,241930,25850608,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Slinsky,It's a good ♥♥♥♥ing game any other opinion is wrong.
,Recommended,241930,12306465,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Rough Roman,"♥♥♥♥ yeah i reccomend this game, perfect blend of assassins creed and batman game styles combined with the nemeiss sytsem and the fantastic setting make a great game"
,Recommended,241930,12309295,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Naz,"Even with the high expectations crafted by the long hype, this game is one of the best games I've ever played. If not the Best. Aside from a few to many quicktime events, it has everything you could want in a Middle Earth Game.The Nemisis system is a monument to the genius of the developers at monolith, Each time I was killed I got angry, then I got even. A few times Orcs I'd killed made suprisied comebacks, missing features or body parts. One particular enemy lost his entire face.The story is extreemely enjoyable, and doesn't seem to go against the lore at all, as many people had feared. It seems perfectly Canon to me, and more then that, its an insperational addition to the legendary works of Tolkien.Through out the whole campaign I expereince no bugs or gameplay issues. No Glitches or anything like that. It's an amazingly polished game and sets a high bar for the rest of the industry to meet.Now I'm going to delve back into it for another play through, see what new Enemies the Nemisis system can come up with for me.10/10"
,Recommended,241930,12318416,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Haethcyn,Def. recommend it to anyone who likes an open-world RPGs like Assassins Creed or The Witcher.
76561197995311107,Recommended,241930,12319062,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,xv bones,Shadow of Batman: Mordor Asylum.
76561197990420839,Recommended,241930,12331183,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Fawl,"Loved this game. Went through the entire game took me 25 hours, everytime the game would start to get alittle repetative the game would change it up and either change an aspect or add something entirley new. This is a title that understands the concept of pacing and engagement. Would highly recommend it to fans of Arkham Asylum, Assassin's Creed, Lord of the Rings or just RPGs in general.Combat 10/10Story 8/10Length 7/10Sandbox and Replayability 8/10Loved it."
76561198018392011,Recommended,241930,12357821,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,EmptySkies,"Easily one of the best games this year, if you love AC you will definitely adore this."
,Recommended,241930,12318075,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,bce.dakota,"I've played 5 hours of this game thus far. I have to say, the combat is relative to Arkham Asylum and Assassin's Creed. However, it isn't repetitive in nature and is very gory. Each Uruk'Hai and Orc boss that you face has a unique callsign relative to whether or not you've died to him. They say things like, ""What is this, a joke? I killed ya already!"" Exploiting boss weaknesses makes this game very fun! 9/10, would recommend."
76561197979835830,Recommended,241930,12303846,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Albino Gorilla,"Arkham Assylum meets Assassin's Creed, set in Mordor. What's not to love?"
76561197960877314,Recommended,241930,12307240,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,KrzyMoke,Amazing game play and stunning graphics. Definitely worth the money!
,Recommended,241930,12309482,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Valtaire,Combat like The Witcher. Great mechanics. Can't wait to unlock everything.
76561198079471051,Recommended,241930,12363043,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ugly,"""Straight outta Mordor The best game ever""Eazy E"
,Recommended,241930,12369589,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Junkrat,"This is probably my personal GOTY for 2014.Game play is amazing and innovative, it does get repetitive at times but you get the feeling of progress as your captains and cheiftains level up. You don't get access to this until later in the game and I didn't even know about the feature until I was already 8 hours into the game and had wiped out every single form of opposition on the map.With that being said I had no issue doing that all over again as soon as I unlocked the Dominate ability. It didn't feel like a chore at all and it opened up an entirely new venue of ways to defeat you enemies. Had this feature not been advertised at all I think every critic would have been completely blown away. Though personally the ability to go around a camp and silently make every uruk a sleeper agent and then have them turn on their cheiftain was fantastic.HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS GAME GET IT RIGHT NOW THIS ISN'T A JOKE, YOU'RE NOT ON A RUSE CRUISE GO AND BUY IT.10/1010/1010/10"
76561197995506978,Recommended,241930,12387050,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,L^,Avenging all you mofo's #NeverDie #CantStopWontStop #HasNoBrakes
,Recommended,241930,12309490,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,John Dillinger,"The worst part of Pre-Purchasing this game is when after finished the pre-download, you have to unpack it all again, and It took me around 15 min to do it (Have to do this when I get back from work at 11pm. you can try to imagine how upset it could be) and also with 60 Gb of the HDD that you have to reserved to complete the installation too.But if we talk about the game itself, Story line was Quite Impressive, stunning Graphics, perfect control, and the best of all THAT FINISH MOVE WITH THE DECAPITATION IS AMAZING!so far I'll give it 10/10========================================================================Update: 32/10/1846OMG! IT JUST CAME UP WITH PHOTO MODE!SO I'll GIVE IT 11/10 + 1 Freaking Awesome Alpaca"
76561198062057700,Recommended,241930,12311923,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Mauware,"Imagine Dark Souls + Batman + Assasin Creed + God of War + Inovations + New and great mechanics in a  Lord of The Rings World.Awesome game, fun, enjoyable and addictive game!The controls is little hard to get used in the begining. But you get used after the first hour.10/10"
,Recommended,241930,12313918,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,kingg4life,"at the beginning i had no intention of getting the shadow of mordor even though i am a huge fan of ""the lord of the ring"" movies and book franchiseand after i watched a couple of reviews and trailers i realized that how much of a fool i would have been to pass on this one.the game is absolutely wonderful the graphic looks amazing, the game play runs very smooth and the character control feels like a combination between assassin's creed and batman which means great kombat moves and alot of freedom when exploring the world around you.one of the things that caught my attention is the nemesis system, shadow of mordor offers a unique battle system where there are orcs and orcs leader with certain strengths and weaknesses which you can use for your advantage, every enemy you encounter have a level up system of his own, for example if you get killed by an orc he will receive points and he may get promoted to captain for killing you, and when you encounter him again he will start mocking you on how he humiliated you when you last fought him, the same system applys to the orcs leaders only that they will gain new powers and abilities instead of a promotion.for conclusion i can only say that shadow of mordor is one of the best games i have played this year and i definitely recomend it for everybody."
76561198005392413,Recommended,241930,12317698,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,riggz666,just awesome 9/10
76561197971069766,Recommended,241930,12323608,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Magnuss,"A better version of Assassin's Creed combined with combat at least as good, if not better than, Batman: Arkham series. Probably the best open world game I've ever played."
76561198026931824,Recommended,241930,12323969,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Sir Nick,Brillant Game defintly the best Lotr game im played for a long time with a simple but fun combat system and very assain creed like stealth system. I spent 1 hour to simple walking up behide orcs and just shanking them. At first I panicked because the so called Nemesis system (which is amazing) showed some identical orcs to ones I had see in video trailiers which the developers said wouldnt happen. However as soon they died a new orc would appear which I had never seen before.   Also dont be a idiot and run into a orc based at start of the game I did this and a Captain killed me then 5 minutes later once I respawned I decided to explore and found him again and he killed me again. Basicly end of the story like 3 hours in he was lvl 20 captain which could basicly one shot me. Lots of lore and amazing gameplay Would say any fan of the LOTR should plays this game.Sorry poor grammar and english rushing this so I can get back into the action.
,Recommended,241930,12324006,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,MIDNIGHT ANIMAL,"I HIGHLY recommend this game.Not only was the gameplay fluid, albeit punishing. The story was superb, and delved into ambiguous events between the Hobbit and the LOTR trilogy. It was fantastic for what it was, and it made you feel like a ranger while playing. Dominating the orks and tailoring your own personal army, and seeing that army reap the benefits of your manipulation was extrordinarily satisfying. The nemisis system offered a unique twist, going as far as perpetually having my nemisis pop up at the most inconvenient moments to make my life hell. It really made the final conflict between myself and my nemesis that much more satisfying.I won't spoil the ending, but it was one of the most tension filled cliffhangers I've ever experienced, while at the same time being extremely satisfying and bringing a sense of closure to the entire gameplay experience. Something that many other games have not managed near as successfully.This year, there haven't been a huge amount of breathtaking games that have offered such a solid gameplay experience. Shadow of Mordor definitely is the one game to rule them all.This could easily be the game of the year. I rate the game a 10/10. Well worth the money for the entertainment it offered."
76561197998929010,Recommended,241930,17937583,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,angryoaf,This game should be a benchmark of games of it's type. Just the right amount of depth so it never turns into drudgery.
,Recommended,241930,17850294,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Captain Eastington,"Ridiculously brutal, brutally fun and funnily quite addictive.Story has its ups and downs (nothing compared to Tolkien's legandarium at least).Arkham combat and AC parkour, which are both great.You really learn to loathe orcs and relish in every kill.Lots of collectibles and nifty achievements.Sidequests galore that fuel your upgrades making you all the more badass.Music is forgettable, apart from the title theme which is epic.A lack of distinctly interesting characters.The Nemesis System is genius, why has nobody done this before?Hunting orcs  mercilessly never ever gets old.9/10 - No expert LOTR knowledge is needed to justify this rating."
,Recommended,241930,18126440,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,DaxB,One of the most immersive open world games I've ever played and thats saying something. Makes you feel like a true badass when you kill one of the boss uruks. The story is as interesting as any other good open world RPG which is good. all around one of the best open world rpg's out there.
76561198071389200,Recommended,241930,34202469,Posted: 12 August,all,DarkLuke the Lusty Dragon,"Combat is very fun with many gruesome finishers, I like how skillful and timed attacks are rewarded so just bashing your attack button all the time is not recommended. At first combat can be a bit difficult but once you get the hang of it and unlock some abilities it becomes very easy to fight whole armies of Üruks.Graphically and artistically the game looks and runs great, cutscenes and animations are all fine and dandy.Story is good and I'm interested to see it's continuation in Shadow of War.I am slightly disappointed about the 2 endgame bosses.After you unlock a lot of the available abilities and reach the endgame, combat becomes pretty easy as I said, but that's not why the 2 endgame bosses are too easy.Both of these bosses very pretty much beaten through a simple action sequence:- Black Tower boss requires you to just sneak up to 2-3 of his bodies and perform a stealth drain before you walk up to him and hold E to kill him.- Black Hand aswell, move mouse into circle and press E/spacebar whatever to win.What I'm saying is, the final fights are highly unsatisfying due to lack of difficulty.I'd rate it a 9.7/10, for it's price, especially price during sale, this game is definitely a great purchase!"
,Recommended,241930,32870762,Posted: 27 June,all,Fuck Her Right In The Pussy,best game ever im waiting to shadow of war
76561198132585794,Not Recommended,241930,34134002,Posted: 9 August,all,Rattoy,"Good game, would be better without so many quests .."
,Recommended,241930,33974749,Posted: 2 August,all,MamaChomsky,Good stuff
,Recommended,241930,24287679,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,spaneika,Exceptional voice acting and animation with the combat from Rocksteady's Arkham Batman games; but in the LOTR universe. It does get a little tedious near the end though. 4/5 uruks.
,Recommended,241930,25573061,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Fastest Honk in the West,lmfao bruh it's literally the Batman Arkham games except you behead orcs instead of snap criminal arms. get it if you like fun
,Recommended,241930,33847807,Posted: 27 July,all,Gh0st iN ThE MaChiNe,I would give it 3 /5 stars. Warner Brothers produced the game and it uses the same engine as Mad Max. I feel this game is missing something.I  dont know what it is. I feel the Mad Max game is better than this game. When I play this game things feel a bit off and unnatrual. I do not feel like I am in middle earth. The game seems a bit repetitive.
76561198077481902,Recommended,241930,19371899,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mr.TrollSpy,assassins creed+batman=shadow of mordor
76561198106290494,Recommended,241930,32189066,Posted: 4 June,all,Squarebox64,es gud
,Recommended,241930,34042488,Posted: 5 August,all,jacer08,"Really great game. It kept me entertained through 2 playthroughs. The main story is interesting and fun to play, and there are TONS of sidequests. I did not 100% either run, more like 60%-75%. There is plenty of challenge for a completionist, but the game doesn't force side questing down your throat.The fighting system is fun, but gets kind of easy towards the end. The two real challenges are swarms of enemies with archers thrown in, and captians/warcheifs that are imune to everything. Speaking of Captians, the Nemesis system is down right badass. Any enemy that kills you has the chance to become a captian, and any captian that kills you improves in power and rank. Comming across that Captian again, they will remember you, and taunt you for losing last time.All in All, great game. I'd give it an 8/10. Not too hard, not too easy, great story line, great graphics."
76561198272058842,Recommended,241930,34040558,Posted: 5 August,all,DishSoupGaming,Shadow of Mordor is a great game the price and seeing how it comes on 75% off frequently it's a great buy
76561198152360372,Recommended,241930,34041133,Posted: 5 August,all,scotfusion,"What an amazing gem! The combat is so responsive and exciting; The missions, voice acting, graphics, story, the whole package. This buy includes all DLC which makes it super cool. 10/10 great game!"
,Recommended,241930,34042643,Posted: 5 August,all,twitch.tv/subarudanyboon,One of my all time favorite games.
,Recommended,241930,32765190,Posted: 25 June,all,.neo.,It's combat is better than witcher 3 combat. However the story does lack a lot to be desired.Still 8/10 for this one! Easy 20h+.
,Recommended,241930,18981691,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Grimmjow,Loved all 19.2 hrs i spent on this!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198032741186,Recommended,241930,25902147,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Legendary Wings,"A must have for fans of The Lord of the Rings, The game is fantastic although it is repetitive near the end. The graphic is ok, but if you have the hardware you should download the HD texture pack."
76561198359079728,Not Recommended,241930,34194830,Posted: 12 August,all,bowl_OF_flakes,"I was always kind of interested in this game, just never enough to pay full price for it. It is a good game, but not worthy of any GOTY talk imo, despite special editions of the game trying to tell us othewise (I'm sure it's actually got some GOTY nods). Almost all the praise is centered around this nemesis system, and it kind of has to be, because otherwise this is just an Arkham reissue dressed in Orcs clothing. Also, writing this review now to encourage a launch boycott of the sequel because of WBs spineless 11th hour announcements regarding in-game MTs, as well as deleting forum threads related to the topic. I'll pay 5bucks for it like I did this one 2 or 3 years from now. WB needs a lesson in Publisher Ethics, they seem to think we've forgotten about their Arkham launch disaster that came about because of pure greed in handing off a AAA port to the lowest bidder. I don't expect the same hot mess at launch, as this seems to run pretty well, but WB still won't get anymore $$$ from me. And Laptop 65 too......ugh"
76561198050147523,Recommended,241930,12379105,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Sha,"Really nice game to play solo. Getting easy quickly though, but still lovely gameplay :)"
76561198022822840,Recommended,241930,12386572,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Or Alperovich,"I am so glad i pre-purchased this game.This game is brilliant , the graphics , the gameplay , the story , everything about this game is amazing.I just finished everything on the game (100%)  and it took me 33 hours , this game is packed with content ( and fun content not filler) and during my 33 hours with it not once did i find it boring or annoying.If you havent bought this game , PICK IT UP NOW!!"
76561198004266657,Recommended,241930,12458240,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,MandatoryDenial,"I had a blast playing this game.  J.R.R. Tolken purists should stay away though since it seems like there is no way to reconcile the trilogy events and the game events.  That being said if you don't mind the liberties taken, this is a really an amazing game.  The Nemesis system is very well done, I can't really emphasize this point enough.  There were many times during the course of gameplay that enemies I had issued death threats to hunted me and showed up at the worst possible times.If I have one complaint, it is that this game is way too easy when you advance further.  After completing the main missions, I was left with enemies that I could have encountered at the begining of the game as far as difficulty level was concerned.  I hope in the future they tweak the game a bit to include stronger captains/war chiefs that scale somewhat better to the player advancement."
,Recommended,241930,12467422,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,sissy white boi,Funner then when my dad invites his friends over and makes me dress up in a skimpy maid outfit.
76561198025991727,Recommended,241930,12315312,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,ping1337,"I went into this game not expecting much. I watched gameplay video before it came out and wasn't really excited about the combat. However this game is one of the best titles to launch recently in my oppinion. The combat is fun and exciting, the story isn't linear and it blends in with gameplay. I like lord of the rings but it's hard to follow but this games story keeps you engaged. I found myself wondering while walking around enemies with that ""I wonder if I can kill him like this"" scenario and I have yet to be disapointed. Also tried using the controller and it works great although I prefer mouse and keyboard. 5/5 stars so far."
76561198054140968,Recommended,241930,12471511,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,TANKISITO,greate
,Recommended,241930,12472651,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Synthetics,"The graphics, the gameplay, the immersion, the soundtrack, the voice acting... everything is top notch.Haven't enjoyed a game like this in quite sometime, and it looks like I'll be enjoying it for a long time coming.10 / 10 would purchase again."
,Recommended,241930,12383107,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Drubbers,it is good
,Recommended,241930,12430911,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Drausinus,"You know that game you've been waiting for your entire life but didn't know it? This is it. This is a game that knew exactly who it was being made for and exactly how to appease them. I think there are five things that make a good video game (gameplay, visuals/world, audio, story, and characters), and Shadow of Mordor wins on every one of those.Gameplay: The gameplay combined the best elements of some of the best games of the last few years. It combined the stealth of Assassin's Creed, the melee combat of the Arkham series, the mobility and powers of Dishonored, and ranged combat that reminds me of Sleeping Dogs, alongside its own innovative Nemesis system (which really is everything the developers promised) to create something truly amazing.Visuals/world: The game is beautiful. I think this game captures the brutality of Mordor perfectly. It also is the closest to a living, breathing world that I have ever seen (other than our living, breathing world of course) and the attention to detail is noticeable. There were many moments in which I just perched atop a tent watching orcs argue about their grog or paused to examine an orc's partially sawed-off ear. It's also nice that you can see and even target groups of orcs from hundreds of yards away.Audio: The soundtrack isn't something I would listen to on its own, but it fits the game perfectly. Whether its the simple background music while you shove your sword through an orc's face or the chanting of a warchief's name when you call him out, it always adds something to the game. I also appreciate that the lyrics are always in Black Speech (Ash nazg durbatuluk etc.).Story: The story is filled with cliches and quite often mimicks the Lord of the Rings' story (although this point could be seen as a plus). I also found the main characters' motives to be a bit uninteresting (to get revenge and rest in peace). However, it's still a good story, and in the end it comes together to make something beautiful. Also, with all the stuff going on with the Nemesis system and plentiful side quests and hidden items (both of which actually build somewhat of a story of their own), the story is almost unnecessary (I had almost as much fun digging up items and listening to the memories linked to them as I did teleporting around stabbing orcs, which is really saying something because stabbing orcs is incredibly fun).Characters: Shadow of Mordor really shines in this category. The main characters are probably the most boring in the game, but they're kind of supposed to be. Celebrimbor was literally cursed to be perpetually screwed over before he was even born and Talion has lived for many years in the savage, lifeless landscape that is Mordor. Even so, I still found them relatable and entertaining. Additionally, all of the side characters (my favorites were Ratbag the Coward and a possibly anarchist dwarf hunter named Torvin) were both interesting and valuable to the story.Lastly, to all you Tolkien-heads out there, this game is the One. The developers added a lot to this game that isn't in Tolkien's works; however, they were careful to only add where there were holes. Throughout this entire game, I only found one thing that contradicts lore (and it's not even something important; it was just a passing comment Celebrimbor makes about seeing Gil-Galad die). This was a game made for us."
76561198168179374,Recommended,241930,26267602,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Svenny,A must have.
76561197962871014,Recommended,241930,22337495,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,~{DCMT}~[BT]Brimstone,"Really enjoy this game!!! Very well done!! Great story line, beautiful music, nice graphics!! Any one thats a fan of The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings, I Highly Recommend that ya get this game!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IY-nCtyEDCI"
76561198135532889,Recommended,241930,26684642,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Spooky_Lorax,It has an excellent story and great gameplay. If you are a Lord of the Rings fan you should play it.
,Recommended,241930,19062991,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Brianisok,Very good. Play if you like assassin's creed or batman arkham series. Very addicting.
,Recommended,241930,12325230,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Upsilon,"""If companies spent more time making their product good, they wouldn't have to do so much to market it."" -Will Rogers...and this is precisely what we see here. If it wasn't for a brief mention of it from my brother, I would've never heard of this game, but it didn't have to in order to be the best selling game on Steam, currently!This whole ""next-gen"" deal has been a real bummer for gamers. Next-gen has been  nothing but a parade gimmicks and millions of dollars in marketing and critic bribery just to move some units of terribly dated game designs. Even the graphics most of the time are mudded textures just hidden under saturations of ""bloom"". Most notable of these gimmicks was Watch_Dogs which gave us false advertising on graphics and a context-sensative action button renamed ""hack"". I was hoping from it's trailers that Shadow of Mordor (SoM) would be the first TRUE next-gen game. I'm delighted to announce: C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER!....ok but let's get this con out of the way: the story sucks. D'OH! It hurts my heart to say it, but the story is wasted potential of a brilliant idea, and characters are one-dimensional. The only time you hear anything about them is when they are holding your hand and rambling in your ear as they escort you to the next objective. It doesn't happen often, but it feels like very dated game design. You do a few ""OMG SAVE MEH!11!"" missions with them, then they disappear, and you completely forget about them. I can't recall a single name or face.The story opening was a bit confusing, but you play Captain Talion of Gondor. His family dies in what almost comes off as a generic, vigilante cliche, but his situation has more depth and he is a hero as opposed to an anti-hero. Oddly when he dies, he is merely split between the physical world and the spiritual world, and is somehow connected to an elven wraith who suffers the same, cursed fate, along with a little amnesia. By tracking down heirlooms of the wraith's past, Talion recovers the deceased-elf's power and memory to unraveling the mystery. (ending to be seen)The voice acting is terrific! Monolith Games did impressive work in brining the familliar sound of the voices from the movies into the game. The punch/kick/slash/stab sounds are almost stomach-turning. The music fits the game, but again is a bit forgettable. It's still a nice ambiance and isn't jaring. (Attentive gamers might notice that the elf wraith that you work with is voiced by the same guy who plays Albert Wesker.)Many gamers shared their concerns that the game looks identical to Assassin's Creed and the newer Batman games. It's true that SoM takes inspiration and wears it on it's shoulder, but it does more than enough to establish it's own identity. Not only that, but come on: how many ways can you portray a mid-ages, sword weilding assassin in the third person perspective? They'll start getting similar eventually.The pride and joy of SoM is the ""Nemesis System"". A grid of randomly generated orc captains are assigned to a hierarchy. Depending on your actions is how they are promoted, killed, replaced, or otherwise, and almost all of your actions are saved, and the orcs react with literally 1,000's of lines of dialogue for various situations. That's where the game shines. While games like Skyrim and AC aren't ashamed of copy/pasting the EXACT SAME MISSION over a massive and empty map, SoM makes almost EVERY encounter with the orcs play out a slightly different way which better masks the repetition. Yes, the 2 maps you play on are quite small in comparison to other games, but I respect what was done here: QUALITY over QUANTITY. There isn't as many missions, but they opted for better playability and replayability.What really bothers me is there are many reviews out here that compare this game to Skyrim. People: Skyrim's ship has set sail. That game is in the past now, and why is it even being compared? It's 2 COMPLETELY different games. I don't even know why it's praises were sang from every corner of the internet or why it still sells like hotcakes everytime it's on sale on Steam. ESO exposed that game for what it was without the modding community slaving to finish it. It especially bothers me when they just say ""The map is like 10% the size of Skyrim. boring game"" wtf? (I made this section because I've seen the collective thinking and collective defense of ES games. If one said it, I'm certain they'll all say it.)Anyway, with the Nemesis System, the next time you go to do a familiar mission, it'll be a different orc that says something different, in a different location. The system adds much pined freshness to a tired and over-worn formula of open world games. While at it's core, yes; what you do is somewhat repeating, the presentation is always changing, making the world feel more organic and alive instead of so robotically scripted. A little on the disappointing side is the game is a bit short. If you really plow through the story, you might finish it in about 6hrs but the quality of what's there is so good, the replayability is off the charts. For maybe the 2nd time ever, I actually ""want"" to go through a game and get all it's collectibles.Combat is viceral and brutal. Left clicking does a slow slashing combo that slightly changes depending on the orcs reaction such as smacking it to the floor and hitting it while it's down. You can press SPACEBAR to jump over an enemy's head to avoid attacks and hit tougher enemies in the back, but orc don't just sit there and take it! When they are about to swing back, a prompt will appear over their head telling you to M2 to block it.Another fun idea is the elf bow. Upon drawing it, you deplete a ""focus"" meter which slows down time, letting you seemlessly switch to ranged attacks mid-fight to pick off more troublesome enemies. But my favorite is the ""flurry"" attack. Press E to stun an opponent, then left click to rapidly flail at them. As this combo plays out, the attacks go faster and faster, and a ""charging up/speed up"" sound plays that increases in pitch as the combo goes on. It never got old!You have a talent tree and a weapon upgrade/rune mechanic to power up Talion. By killing captains, orcs drop runes you can forge onto your weapons for special effects, like healing yourself after certain attacks or filling up your arrow count from certain kills. The talent tree gives you numerous, awesome abilities that take advantage of the fact that you are a ghost-thing.I feel sorry for camera in this game; it gets no good feedback from the community, which I find baffling. They complain that it's never in the right spot, but...you have full control over the camera at all times, even during execution animations. Not only does this mean you can see what you want to see, but during the brutal animations, you can spin the camera around however you desire, making a cinematic, goring scene everytime you kill an orc.That wraith that accompanies you doesn't just sit there. By grabbing an orc (or a heavily damaged captain), you have an option to terrorize it with the wraith's appearance. From here, you can interrogate them to reveal information of them. Regular peons cough up names and locations, but captains can reveal weaknesses of other captains or even the mighty warchiefs.Things really take a sweet twist when you learn ""brand""; the ability to convert an orc to be your follower. Through this system, you use 5th column tactics against the enemy. You can cause orcs to execute, duel, assassinate each other, or betray their warchief; or enter a random camp, stealth-brand 10 or so orcs, then ""activate them"" to betray their comrades. There are so many possibilities in this system, it's almost endless, and mostly limited to your imagination.(part 2 link below)http://steamcommunity.com/groups/upsilonfanclub#announcements/detail/207488076614731110"
,Recommended,241930,27563440,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yukiidesu,Worth playingespecially for LOTR fans :)
,Recommended,241930,12308694,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Sabretoothjuice,"jumped out of high tower, thought i was gonna die, didn't, 10/10."
,Recommended,241930,12312399,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Marnix,OMG GET THIS ITS SO HOT IJUSTCAME OMFG
76561198006648375,Recommended,241930,12307654,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,DaPowerTaylor,"So far i'm about 12 hours into the main story line so i though this would be a good time to write down some thoughts on Shadow of Mordor. Warning this will be a bit in detail so skip to the end for the verdict :)The storyline itself is very solid, Talion the ranger you play as is a good, likeable main character who's circumstances (without trying to give to much away plot wise) you feel rather sorry for. The voice acting is superb not just for main characters (even Gollum makes an apperance and is very well done) but all the orcs are voiced beautifully and each ork be it a captain or grunt has a very distinct personality when combined with very well though out visuals.The gameplay itself is solid if a little repetitive, with the focus being on an Batman: Arkham style combo system, Talion effortlessly flowing between orcs and uruks using a variety of sword, dagger and bow moves combined with very powerfull finishers and utillity spells by his wraith compainion, with Talion also becoming passivly more powerfull the higher the combo, becoming able to break through shields with normal attacks for example. Enemy archtypes are decently varied if a little sterotypical, but theres enough to make large mob fights very tense and desperate affairs if your low on the combo meter. The animation quality between moves is beautifull and there is such a wide variety of moves i am yet to find combat repetitive or boring, and i'm at this point 70% through the main story. (As a plus note, the soundtrack to the game is also excellent and is worth a look for if you enjoy music from LOTR)The Nemesis system if icing on the cake of what is already a very well presented open world game. To begin with ork captains need to be killed in order to keep check on Saurons growing power in Mordor, with the added benifit of them dropping powerfull runes when they die that can be used to uprage Talions sword, bow and dagger. As the game progresses more abilites become availible such as 'branding' orks mid fight to turn them to your side, or sending one off to issue a death threat to his captain, which in turn makes him more powerfull(and surrounded by even more orks) but also increases the chance of a better rune dropping on his demise. Orks can eventually even be subjued and ordered to turn on there own Warchief, igniting a power struggle and potentially making a captain you control into the new leader, assuming you take the time to go help him out on the side mission it creates. Every ork captain also has an individualy determined set of skills, strengths and weaknesses(that can be exploited), that can be discovered by branding a peon ork or saving human workers. Even dying has strange mechanics, as an ork who kills you will be promoted to captain or gain a power increase if he already was one, so be carefull how many times you die, as dying to a particular ork too many times will only make him even more powerfull and hard to kill. Ork power struggles have never been so much fun.I know many people have had issues with getting the game to run on less powefull rigs, as it currently lacks SLI for. While personally I had no issues and run the game on high at 50-60 fps constant, i have no doubt proper support will be introduced and i know that several people have already found workarounds. Graphics for the game are generally good on high but not amazing, and this can be a little strange as the game requires alot of video memory on you GPU. Otherwise the game is a very solid looker and i'm yet to encounter any serious graphical glitches or bugs.I've played (pretty much) every LOTR game out there and i am a self confessed nutcase when it comes to reading material by Tolkien so i think im in a resonable position to judge the game for both lore and gameplay, and i can say this is one of the best games set in middle earth for a very long time. There is easily 20-30 of gameplay to be had with this title, including various collectables, audio loges and lore items that will have fanboys like me scouring Mordor for many hours to find them all. The love for the lore combined with solid fighting mechanics and good graphics make this a must have for anybody into open world games. Add in a price of just £30? You should go buy this right now, if you can get it on sale even better. Probably the best presented and fun game i've played all year around. 9/10"
,Recommended,241930,33407502,Posted: 9 July,all,Matuzka,This game is very cool!Lord of the Rings nostalgia is so real.
,Recommended,241930,33432297,Posted: 10 July,all,MyFarewell,"""stopped working"""
,Recommended,241930,33432813,Posted: 10 July,all,PauL # SamaeL,Fun game
76561198082188944,Recommended,241930,33432112,Posted: 10 July,all,Ovi,"This game is like Lord of the Rings, i want to play/watch it all day long.10/10"
76561197963451782,Recommended,241930,32697360,Posted: 23 June,all,Sharkpocalypse,"It's like Assassin's Creed, except you kill everyone and ride around on giant bear-cats."
,Recommended,241930,13552696,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Andromalius,"This review is for the record.After playing this game since December 2014 I feel like I can say this is one of the most fun if not THE most fun open world game I've ever played.Even after beating the story ages ago I feel like the end game holds up (for me), and I can find so much enjoyment stomping around Mordor in my final form. The game doesn't baby you at first, it lets you loose into a world where you may have trouble fighting a tiny group of Uruks. After the story is over, you reach the point of no return, the singularity, where you can take on entire armies filled with captains and a warchief all at once, and feel good about it. The amount of tricks up your sleeve mixed with the combined skill of Talion and the Wraith make you unbeatable against all but the most obscure captains that have a broken level of traits, which is still FUN, because it encourages you to think outside the box and gather intel on them and to exploit their weaknesses. By the time you unlock everything, you feel like a true rival to Sauron in this game.Which leads me to the nemesis system, which is so much fun to groom your own ork warlords from tiny weak grunts into level 20 warchiefs. Uruks are just human enough to make me laugh or pity them from what they say, but not human enough to the point where I have a problem murdering hundreds of them at random. The fact that any random grunt can end up being a very cool captain, gaining any variety of personalities and traits is a great new spin on games where killing hordes of minions means nothing.The game is virtually bug free, and the graphics hold up today especially in the 2nd open world zone you reach, which is where I spend most of my time. The game has always kept a steady freamerate of 60 even during intense combat. The level of detail at long ranges is great too, which is important since travel in this game consists of launching yourself like a missile in wraith mode into archers halfway across the map, very short 3 second loading screens to one of the games fast travel towers, or jumping over rocks to gain speed boosts and maintain them to run vast distances.My only complaint is that while the end game is fun, I feel like it does lack some depth. I wish there was more to do regarding the Uruk hierarchy system. More variety in the things you can order your slaves to do for you, more complex powerplay commands, I don't know. There isn't much of an impact when you control every warchief and captain, which I understand, we still need hordes to kill but controlling every Uruk leader should have consequences (not negative, just cause and effect).I love this game and I give it a 10/10. It's incredibly fun."
76561197964866568,Recommended,241930,12375086,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Crusader_bin,"Shadow of Mordor is a variation about Assassin's Creed and Lord Of The Ring, at least at first glance.Quickly enough, you discover that the game is not heavily based on story, but on a clever mechanic instead.Of course, it makes the exact sin as Assasin's Creed games - it doesn't let you use everything at astart (in story mode), but unlocks it one at a time.But that aside, you have a free roam, you can kill Uruks via stealth, melee combat or archery. You can also interrogate your enemies, to discover info and wherabouts of captains - and eventually - warchiefs, that are your main target.While doing that, you can unlock various skills and random bonuses for your weapons (up to 5 runes for the sword, dagger and bow).The gameplay is solid and unique. It also sounds well and looks great (HD pack is nowhere near as demanding on the PC as the requirments suggest, I have full fluidity on GeForce 560 and old Phenom Black 4-core Athlon CPU with 8 gb DDR2 ram!) I am not surprised that many gaming sites give it scores of 80 - 100%.Than again, I saw a review that gave it 4.5/10. What can I say? I understand that too - the game may feel repetetive. After all, you just kill orcs, right? They often require different tactic, but I don't feel like this changes much.Overall, the game is solid, if a bit repetetive. I played about 7 - 8 hours so far and I didn't get bored YET. Seeing as many games have lifespan of 10h, that is not that terrible.That is why I give it 7/10. It is fun, if not spectacular."
,Recommended,241930,28944473,Posted: 2 January,all,Fuzzball,"People say this game is basically a mash-up of the Batman Arkham and Assassin’s Creed series, and from what I can tell (having never played Assassin’s Creed) this is an accurate description. So if you like either of those games, you will most likely enjoy this.This game uses exactly the same combat system from Batman (right down the same button mapping on a controller) but unfortunately (and appropriately) doesn’t have the same sense of rhythm. But what it does have is the satisfaction of using a sword and beheading enemies.The intriguing Nemesis System turns the orc armies into an evolving hierarchy, with battle-hardened enemies you may have defeated several times before becoming an entertaining challenge to take down."
76561197978929472,Recommended,241930,12324329,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Xeno,"Amazing combat system, game is a bit easy but can get rough if your not careful.Worth the money!Buy it and go slay some Orcs!"
,Recommended,241930,33327841,Posted: 6 July,all,Blackadder,"Great game, enjoyable combat, progression and story.Not too long but certainly not short either, 25 hours to 100% main story and progression unlocks.Still have all the DLC to play through so well worth the purchase at £3.20The nemesis system and vast variety of orcs is what really makes this game entertaining."
,Recommended,241930,33424748,Posted: 10 July,all,LuFy cRaCk,I like the combat style of that game
,Recommended,241930,15688396,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Intellefire,Batman grade combat + Assassins creed style parkour + Lord of the rings lore = TRIPLE WIN
,Not Recommended,241930,18692877,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Not that it matters much at this point, but having your final boss be quicktime events is a massive middle finger.Also the boss that charges at you and then hits the wall is a cliche that should not be appearing in new games.Finally, having a stealth section be immediate failure and take 10 minutes to get to (and restart) is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Beyond that, the game is good, but massively overrated, so for measure this is a negative review."
76561198034585326,Recommended,241930,12578426,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,JollyRancherMaximum,"This game has made me commited and i only just finished its main campaign.The things i love about this game: Everything!!Sure i do get some moments where i say wtf but that is also what makes it so enjoyable. The real challenge is keeping all of your captains alive so that they may or may not become warchief.Overall i give this game a 9/10 because i have seen very little glitches (if any at all) and my one problem with this game is that captains need to be even harder to kill, i fought alot of power level 20 captains and havent really had a problem with them at all.If a dev does see this review please raise the power level cap even higher just for that even bigger obstacle to overcome.Thank you for my favorite game of 2014."
,Recommended,241930,34961316,Posted: 14 September,all,Arkham Warrior,"Shadow of Mordor differentiates itself from similar games with the Nemesis System, allowing the enemy captains to actually remember their encounters with you and reflect it through their dialogue and actions. This creates a dynamic world, in which each player has a different experience and creates their own unique story. Each enemy captain is also unique from others with their own characters designs, as well as strengths and weaknesses."
76561198133155387,Recommended,241930,35035439,Posted: 17 September,all,|B2| Lambox,"I love this game. Some of the features that make this gaane fun are:-Great Graphics in AND out of cutscenes-Fun gameplay-Multiple ways to play (stealth, attack, etc)And so many other things. Hope this helps someone :)"
,Recommended,241930,35032629,Posted: 17 September,all,Candeles,"Pros:- On sale- Decent story- Really smooth gameplay- Felt very open, with your decisions outside of main missions affecting those missions- The runes and abilities were balanced nicely in order to style my combat around the ones I chose- The uruk culture was pretty neat (at least at first)Cons:- Story was fairly short- Handling the uruks got to be tedious if I slipped up and died- Once you get going, you get powerful really fast, and some things feel way too easy after a while- Timed button pressing sequences- Captain's resistances not being visually apparent (ie, a captain without a helmet may still resist ranged attacks)Caveats:- I haven't yet played the DLC- By buying the game so late I had access to many runes early in the gameI enjoyed this game. Over a few days I was able to complete the main story and get around 50% of the collectibles. It's one of those games where a decent gamer can pick it up and feel strong. I love Dark Souls, I really do, but this is a happy step back from playing games that really test your skills and patience. There are few rough edges, which is what makes it fun. You go to kill an enemy, you do so. You trigger reinforcements? You kill them or run away. It reminds me of the days when you could pick up a game and not be drowned by the never-ending story or a too-difficult mission. It's a nice nugget of LotR story and fun.Had I bought it when it came out, without DLC, I'd be willing to pay $20-30. If anyone is considering purchasing it now, sales are great, but you'll likely get your money's worth even if you buy it at full price.Keeping in mind the downsides of this game and including the controversies surrounding its sequel, I won't be purchasing Shadow of War. This model was nice, but adding microtransactions will only make the players angry and fatten the pockets of publishers who don't care."
76561197967635128,Recommended,241930,17338730,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Abrax,"Easily the best single player experience I have had in years.10/10 would eviserate, stab, impale, and otherwise mutilate orcs again."
,Recommended,241930,22837551,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,usp φ,A MUST play LOTR game.
76561197983127143,Recommended,241930,13968723,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Mr_Cossack,"Didn't expect much from this game, but easily my game of 2014.Great voice acting, fun and interesting story so far complimented with great game play.Yes the gameplay can get a bit repetitive after many hours of playing(same old combat feeling), but never boring in my opinion. One of the few games of 2014 that didn't disappoint."
,Recommended,241930,24960535,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,Great game !Yes it takes like 55 Gig but totally worth it so much to do ingame and u never get bored !So many bosses to kill!!
,Recommended,241930,30483890,Posted: 12 March,all,Johnny Two Tips,Don't know anything about LOTR but I know this game is great. Batman Arkham's combat with Assassin's Creed exploration and the famous nemesis system make this game great.
76561198006771705,Recommended,241930,14642778,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Stormhowl,It's good because you get to kill orcs.They're not orcs they're uruks!
,Recommended,241930,17279538,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,El Caballo de la Noche,"Play the story to unlock abilities, but maybe skip the scenes if you can. Never checked if you could, but going back I would. Once you've unlocked the story abilities, you just go slay some orcs and have fun. SO, so much fun.I mean, you can do other stuff than slay orcs. Something about slaves, or animals, and idk STUFF.But you're here to slay orcs."
76561198168346778,Recommended,241930,34132445,Posted: 9 August,all,Atrushan,"Shadow of Mordor is an okay game.It starts out great, but it's really short for an open world game.+ beautiful world, detailed enemies, weather effects+ great AI behavior. enemies react to the situations and remember you+ wonderful video sequences, good main story, decent dlc content- main story with all collectibles and sidequests is over after ~40 hours (if you take it slow)- All DLCs together took me less than another 15 hours- not much replay value after said 55 hours. You've maxed out your character, seen and done everything and continuing from there on can get really old soon.As for the difficulty and different attacks, there's so much to learn that one can get overwhelmed by all the information at first. It also takes time to master the various skills. It can be quite unforgiving and a single mistake can get you killed, but at the same time death doesn't have much of a consequence for you. The enemies get a bit stronger, but you come back for more."
76561198073398899,Not Recommended,241930,18229322,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Anazasi,Virtually unplayable. Requires complex keyboard and mouse combinations. Steam is doing everything they can to block my attempts at refund. Spend your money on something else.
,Recommended,241930,12700138,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Obraxis,"The amount of gameplay you can get out of this game is amazing. Totally worth it's price.Combat system is great, feels great and is responsive. The Nemesis system is superb and really makes the game feel like you're own personal version. Not having multiplayer is fine, as you can avenge your Steam friend's deaths on the maps.Tremendus value and fun. Highly recommend. GOTY for me."
,Recommended,241930,33364310,Posted: 7 July,all,The Narnian Squid,You need this game
,Recommended,241930,28464193,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,wickta,"Let me start with the negatives- I didn't like the story. On my second playthrough i skipped all cutscenes so it's not that big of a deal.- Bossfights were too easy imo. (final boss spoilers ahead)final boss was basically a quick time event- Movement was otherwise great, but sometimes you got stuck on some stupid ledge or a random pixel, and possibly even died because of it. IMO that was the most annoying thing about this game and ragequit once because of it. Doesn't happen too often though.Positives- Really fun uruk-hierarchy-thing-  After you get some upgrades to your stuff the combat system is super satisfying- open world- Looks great- Can be played with controller and kb&m"
,Recommended,241930,34784039,Posted: 6 September,all,⌥VΞΠĐΞTTΛ™,"I bought this game during summer sales 2017, and I extremely happy that currently, I got the best deal. If you looking for Assassin's Creed alternative, this Middle Earth Shadow Of Mordor is the best pick, everything is awesome - I'm sure you will love it. I can't explain more about it, but I'm sure it will give you experience and bring you to the alternate world. From close combat, weapons, achievements, storyline - it's intriguing. Highly Recommended. Running smoothly on my Nvidia GeForce 930M with 4GB Ram."
76561198365990319,Recommended,241930,30272310,Posted: 1 March,all,johnardissonne,Played it on Xbox1. Starting replay on PC. Have two wordsHELL YES!
76561198125263465,Recommended,241930,12617049,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Jediboyejb,An amazing game
,Not Recommended,241930,34688034,Posted: 2 September,all,Joost,"6.0/10.It's not terrible. But would I recommend it? No.Some spoilers ahead.The gameplay is not that bad, although fighting is a bit like Guitar Hero, pressing the right buttons at the right time. The storyline is disappointing and finishing the game feels empty. There is no reward. All bosses (except The Hammer and a Graug) are a joke, and the Nemesis system didn't work for me.All these captains have no story and as a result it isn't interesting. The only time I actually felt like one of those guys was some sort of rival was when he had killed me twice. It felt satisfying to take that one out. But then the game spits you in the face by just respawning him a minute later - and that actually happened twice in a row.The worst about this game, however, is how repetitive it is. You keep doing the same things over and over again. I just tried to finish the Bright Lord campaign, but I simply couldn't do it. I branded all 5 warchiefs (my face had already contorted in pain when I saw that objective pop up, since that is the exact same thing you had to do in the main campaign) and faced off against Sauron, who simply snaps his fingers to turn them all against you and you can start all over again (but then you face them all at the same time as well as normal Uruks all around you). And if you managed to win that (I had to ragequit before that though), Sauron starts to revive them one by one. It's terrible.Fighting in stongholds is terrible anyway, since you will find yourself surrounded by 30 Uruks in no time. Killing or branding captains or warchiefs (a mission that is probably the most common in this game) is a total pain this way. It isn't fun, it is frustrating. You want to get it over with so you can continue the story. I have yet to try some game modes, but I'm not expecting too much.The best about this game? Gollum.The good:- Nice graphics- Good voice acting- Gollum!The bad:- Way too repetitive- Often frustrating- Boss battles are a joke- Disappointing storyline- Nemesis system is usually boring and meaningless"
,Recommended,241930,13873322,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,skeeter boy,"It's like starting bar brawls with orcs, except there are no bars in Mordor..."
,Recommended,241930,17640157,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Hizzer,Progressive game design makes Monolith's take on Tolkien more than just Assassin's Creed meets Dark Souls.
,Not Recommended,241930,28518245,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BARACK OBAMA,"Too repetitive. The main innovation is supposed to be the nemesis system, but it doesn't end up adding that much to the game. Nemeses aren't given enough screen time or interaction to feel like true bad guys, so it just amounts to killing the same character models multiple times."
,Recommended,241930,17132158,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Darthvegeta800,"An excellent videogame mixing story, free roaming, rpg aspects, hack and slash combat and stealth evenly.Multiple approaches to problems combined with an innovative and fascinating Nemesis system make this game a top-notch. The story is somewhat... annoying at times to the Lotr purist in me but I understand why it was necessary to do their own thing.Well worth getting. And post game there is most likely still a lot of fun to be had rounding up all the stray odds and ends. And messing about with the nemesis system."
,Recommended,241930,12323844,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,💗Vaxi is back~!💗,"Hello everyone. Time for me to go into another review!(This part might hold some minor beginning story spoilers.)Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor is an open world RPG style game in which you play as the Gondorian Ranger Talion, one of the only remaining soldiers to guard the Black Gate. The beginning story is a little sharded and fragmented as the game needs to hold true to canon, but hey that's what you get for having a game with an already pre-determined lore, right?Anyway, the Black Hand of Sauron sacrifices Talion and his entire family as a sort of curse for reasons I don't really understand...I mean he sacrificed you and your family to become one with the wraith himself but instead it went inside you, and now you have all of the skills that this king had in life. Why exactly did it go to you and not him? That's not explained, but whatever, the rest of the story's still good.Your job now is to, as an undying super soldier of Gondor, hunt down Uruk and Orc captains/warchiefs and use some super magic mind reader magic to find out what they know about other captains and warchiefs and the Black Hand, so you can find him and make him undo the curse so you can find rest.Now how's the controls and gameplay in the game? Honestly, I want to say good, but I feel they could've used A LOT of work! The controls are choppy and hard to manage, and require quite a bit of controller finesse in order to get you through a simple doorway. Considering how fast paced and merciless this game's combat is, I'd like to have some very polished, crisp controls to at least not make my controller be a handicap. That'd be great!Sometimes your character will also decide to just do his own thing; Lets say an enemy Orc is to your right on the screen, and there's another to the left. Let's say you want to attack the one on the right first. So you push the control stick to the right and push X. 8/10 the character will go for the right...But 2/10 he'll go up down or left...Now that might not be such a big deal, but when the aforementioned enemy on the right is charging up for an attack with you having only enough HP for 1 more hit, and your character doesn't stop him? That has made me throw my controller on occassion. It's a death,  which shouldn't have happened. Hardware should never be a wall between you and game progress.Your character also seems very fond of walls...There's a sneak feature(Really cool btw, I LOVE the Stealth in this game), which lets you slink around corners and stuff, and pull off some pretty impressive ""Neener nee you didn't see me! *Sticks tongue out!*"" moments, but sometimes you get a little ahead of yourself and you need to pull a super fast U turn and get back to your corner in the darkness to avoid being spotted by a guard. Well, chances are your characters' irresistable love for hugging walls gets in the way. If you're even an in-game foot or so off and end up running a little into the wall before getting around the corner, your character will hug it, and it's A LOT easier to get 'into' the corner hugging thing, than it is to get back out.This 'auto wall hug' feature has ruined several, otherwise flawless stealth runs in a stronghold, and has also led to some Controller abuse.The quest system can be a bit repetitive, the same objectives in different locations etc. However, as poor as I may think the repetitive quest system is? The execution of the missions, aka going from start to finish in them, can be insanely fun! You can choose to be all sneaky with a bow and be all Legolas like and strive for nothing but headshots etc, or you can go in stealth like with a dagger, or berserker style with a large sword. Sadly there's not really any magic in this game, no mage stuff for you *Sadface*Be that as it may, though. The game has a fantastic difficulty system lined up. There is no real 'easy, medium, hard' cookie cutter selection to choose at the start of the game. Instead of that, they seriously upped the bar of standards with the idea of giving the AI skills and abilities just like you! Some I can remember off the top of my head are:Fears(Such as fear of Carabors, or Ghuls, etc. The Uruk will pretty much flee at the sight of the specific unit in question. Alternatively, fears have a corresponding strength version)Hate(Such as hate of Carabors, or Ghuls, etc. This is the polar opposite of Fears. Instead of fleeing like a frightened cat, the sight of the specific unit will enrage them, making them harder to kill)Weakness/Critical Weakness(Such as to Stealth, ranged, melee, mounted attacks etc. If an Uruk has a weakness to something, it means they can take damage from it, however, if its a critical weakness, they can be one hit killed by the type in question. Say a Captain has a critical weakness to stealth, as well as a regular weakness to ranged. He can be regularly damaged by ranged, but a Stealth attack? Will instantly kill him. Very useful!)Immunities(Polar opposite to weaknesses. Immunities will make it impossible for you to ever damage them with this type. An uruk with immunity to Stealth attacks cannot ever by caught off guard. They are impossible to quietly kill.)The list goes on with Poison weapons, small or large warbands of supporters, bodyguards, stealth awareness, etc. etc. etc. The list is impressively long.These lists of attributes however, and here's the fun part: They're INVISIBLE TO YOU! You don't know exactly what strengths or weaknesses a captain or warchief might have, making it hard to plan a good assault! Of course there's a way to discover these attributes! remember when I mentioned the magic mind meld ability you can use to read their minds? Well it comes in handy here! You can use it on 2 kinds of enemies: uruk Captains, or 'worms'. Uruk captains need no explanation, but Worms are lesser Uruk with more knowledge than they should have. Sort of a 'messenger' if you will. If you can catch them off guard and read their minds, you get to choose an Uruk captain, and instantly learn his weaknesses and/or strengths! If it is an unknown Captain(An enemy you havn't faced yet), you can discover their identity, location, and weaknesses etc. rather than having to do it yourself. Intelligence and information are incredibly important in this game.The graphics are outstanding, the voice acting is par none, I mean this voice acting is some Grade A Epic Stuff, seriously. The people in charge of sound and ambience and voice acting etc. seriously needs a medal or something, cause it was believable, and it made the RP in the RPG seriously easier to agree with. Sadly you don't get dialogues though, so I guess it is more Action/Adventure, and less RPG, but eh, there aren't that many differences between the 2(3).So, how will I rate this game?Story:★ ★ ★ ★ ✰Room for improvement, and some fragmented bits here and there, but overall the story is solid, and merges well with the  pre-existing canon!Gameplay:★ ★ ★ ✰ ✰More room for improvement. Some aspects are cool and fun, but it just doesn't quite make up for how poor the controls are. Very frustrating, choppy character control, difficult to maneuver accurately.Sound:★ ★ ★ ★ ★Perfection incarnate. The sound in this game, and the voice acting, is simply perfection.Graphics:★ ★ ★ ★ ✰I'd give the graphics 5/5, but it gets 4 cause your average every day gaming computer will not be able to handle more than low settings across the board. It takes a high end machine to run it at high or ultra.Overall Score:★ ★ ★ ★ ✰A fantastic game with a few drawbacks and the occassional annoying glitch, but eventually fixed glitches aside, the game is worth it if you're a fan of Lord of the Rings and have some cash to spend.Do I recommend this game? Yes I do."
,Recommended,241930,20247057,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,oddloop,"Finished this game last night (finally). Much quicker than I expected.But the indicator says my progress is only 50% (probably because of those collectibles that I didn't collect)Earlier in the game you are a ranger who slash (literally) his way into the realm.Later, you could choose to be a messenger of peace. Or provocateur,  in Sauron's eyes (or eye?)In normal mode, when you unlock certain  abilities, Shadow of Mordor turns into casual game.No, I'm not kidding. You just hit, block/dodge, little bit of QTEs, and repeat.And that final battle. It is just too...unexpected. In a bad way.My complaints aside, this is a very entertaining game to play with solid combat and other mechanisms.The story is good and unfolds nicely."
76561197992159791,Recommended,241930,31511088,Posted: 2 May,all,kordulus,"I bought this one so i  could get an idea of what the sequel is all about because i am def buying it when it comes out but holy damn i didn't expect this out of a LoTR game. You're basically cutting the heads off of an entire hierarchy. From captians to grunts, you traverse this open world filled with armies orcs/uruks and beast that want to devour you. You level up taking out the enemy ranks in whichever order you wish. What's even better is halfway through you get the choice to turn the enemy against itself and for your cause. So now instead of killing everything i am building my own freakin army..(which kind of explains the sequel now.. i get it!)Game is annoyingly hard until you figure out that each boss has his own strengths and weaknesses and spamming attacks will only  get you killed.. and when you die? you actually don't.. yeah sure.. just like in any game you respawn but in this game you respawn within the lore.. because of reasons i won't explain, your character is immortal.. so when a captian cuts you down and you show up an hour later..? that capt freaks the hell out because he's pretty sure you died. All that being said..whoever kills you levels up (enemies..level.. up) and also get promoted through military ranks.. So ..even though you bought the game, the enemy can farm YOU for xp and become a badass warchief in the process should you so suck as bad as i did when i first started.Overall this game has made me an instafan of the game series and will be buying the sequel to continue building my army of death . RIP AZ-LAAR, MAY YOU FIND WAR!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qre0RyY0gMQTL:DR = Nope. stop being lazy and read stuff."
,Not Recommended,241930,26235410,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,"Background: I am a huge LOTR fan and have played many previous LOTR titles on PS2 and GBA.Combat Mechanics: So like its...I can't play this game for long periods of time. The exploitation of Stealth Attacks and general hiding on top of buildings just makes it feel like kneading dough or driving to work. It's not for me.Social Mechanics: Nothing really here, except saving prisoners and learning about the story and Lore through collectables and Main quest interactions.Final Thoughts: I would recommend watching gameplay videos before purchasing this game."
76561198013405061,Recommended,241930,33286197,Posted: 5 July,all,Lord Dindu,"Fantastic game, didn't even need the whole ""money for good reviews"" nonsense."
76561198086236467,Recommended,241930,35439592,Posted: 3 October,all,Airianna,"I don't recomend the game 100%, but do recomend it mostly...Progress wasn't saved locally, Steam Cloud didn't update the game, it was reset back to the very beginning of the game, there were no load functions to pick up where I left off...THE GAME:+ good voice actors!++ Great story line.+ Really good graphics++ they remember you!+ General game play is simple enough to get the handle for.++ Low learning curve- too many buttons to try to remember+ Decent sized map you can roam onOverall, for the short time I managed to play I give the game an overal rating of 8.3 out of 10.*personal I score it at 5.6 of 10 due to lack of character customization.I am female, and I only play as a female...Female skin, doesn't change the story mode's appearances durring cut-scenes!BUT IT'S MIDDLE EARTH!!!AND the guy is cute, and he has a nice voice....*Honestly, I am not very good at combat games, so not sure if I will continue to play the game, mainly because of having to start over every time I load the game, that's just not fun for me, and I have only so much time to play in a day.If I do play, it will be more along the lines, of ""How many times and how many ways can I get him killed in the next few hours?"""
,Recommended,241930,35478404,Posted: 4 October,all,Pike,"As a huge Lord of The Rings fan, i recommend this. It's a must buy, the quests are amazing, the story line is good, and the game is quite polished, if i may say so!Long Story Short - Get it! :)"
76561198068064815,Recommended,241930,18066180,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,lionelricky,"Great game, lots of fun. Batman meets Assassins Creed. The cut scenes/story is amazing. A+"
,Not Recommended,241930,35031959,Posted: 17 September,all,Jon,"To be fair I quite enjoy LotR, but this game, it's just a grindfest with a poor patch-up job of the story, about Celebrimbor the maker of the rings. 3/10 would kill uruk again."
76561198012374319,Not Recommended,241930,35108138,Posted: 21 September,all,Le Cid,"This game has good bits, and combat can be lots of fun. But its simple and repetitive nature lulled my senses, until I'd just rush headlong and fail miserably at a simple task. And when I did, the game punished me, making the enemies stronger and more numerous, which I found to be an odd concept: games with adaptive difficulty usually make themselves easier if you fail. Such systems can be discussed of course, but I don't see any merit at all to this game's system.The endless flow of enemies also made me seem like I wouldn't see the end of it and eventually grew weary of it, again due to the repetitive nature of the game.Now this game obviously has a lot of qualities, and I have no doubt a lot of people can enjoy it for hours on end. I can't."
,Recommended,241930,33290834,Posted: 5 July,all,✪ S8TUMay lmao,very nice
,Recommended,241930,12358876,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,amfakes,"One of the best games i have ever played, big up!"
,Recommended,241930,33347535,Posted: 7 July,all,GROM,like♥♥♥♥♥cream but with golums
,Recommended,241930,33181964,Posted: 3 July,all,Lynx,"What a great story, and graph too..really recom this game if u like Lord Of The Rings and The Hobbit Movies."
,Recommended,241930,19900461,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TARS,"Despite the fact that I found Shadow of Mordor to be a pretty easy game when it came to its combat mechanics and its story was a little shallow. I still really enjoyed the game a lot and I had a really fun time playing it. The world just seemed alive thanks to the Nemesis system the developers put in the game, and the whole pomp and circumstance around even major fight with an Orc captain just made me really engage with the game and imbued each and every orc decapitation with a hugely satisfying feeling as I cut my way across Mordor. I personally enjoyed both the DLC packs that came with the game as well, despite the fact no major new mechanics were introduced in them their narratives served to bring the period of Middle Earth the game introduced to life. This game is an easy one for me to recommend and a strong contender for game of the year in my books.You can read a more detailed review for the game here:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2015/12/middle-earth-shadow-of-mordor-game-of.html."
,Recommended,241930,12790787,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Geek =-,Great game ! And doesn't matter if you are a LOTR fan or not o/
76561197993821196,Not Recommended,241930,33010635,Posted: 29 June,all,Gaffie,"Shadow of Snoredor *obnoxious laugh*.It's graphically appealing; runs smoothly; has good voice acting; the feuds and rivalry thing with the Uruk captains is clever; and it seemed to be setting up a half-decent story (even if Tolkien would be turning in his grave). It made it to the top of many people's game of the year lists, so it must be somebody's cup of tea.However, an hour in and I hadn't started having fun. Excepting the time when I managed to grab an Uruk and had to repeatedly press X to shank him (which was delightful), I found the combat to be dull and lacking in depth. Just mash X until you see the counter warning, tap Y for a free stun then go back to mashing X. Occasionally tap Y AND B for an execution. Maybe it gets more interesting once you've ground through a bit and unlocked extra combos and finishing moves, but I wasn't feeling any desire to do that, it just felt like a chore. I know stealth is technically an option, but that only feels relevant when infiltrating a fort or something. I'm not stealthing my way across the entirety of that large, interesting, well laid-out, open-world map when I just want to get somewhere by dinner time.The combat reminds me of Assassin's Creed, but Assassins Creed got away with slash-counter-stab combat because the combat wasn't what you were there for, it was merely the mustard on a lovely parkour/shanking hotdog.So apparently I only have fun when I'm shanking something. I don't know if that's the game's problem or mine."
,Not Recommended,241930,35465580,Posted: 4 October,all,Hiscore!²,"Awful, wonky controls that are at best unresponsive, respawning AI, and an awful opening make this game horrible.  You will feel like you accomplished nothing as you kill actual hordes of enemies only for them to respawn, in some cases almost directly behind you, and in most cases in the areas around you.  The ending is unsatisfying and leaves no motivation to complete the game.  The collectible system is better than Assassin's Creed but still leaves much to be desired, and the use of quicktime commands is unnecessary and poorly coordinated.Overall, this game is worth it if you enjoyed games like Assassin's Creed or the films, but I would never recommend this game at full price to someone uninitiated into the series."
,Not Recommended,241930,31140866,Posted: 14 April,all,Zen,I bought it for 10$ and i guess thats a good deal for what it is but i also refunded it at 110 minutes because i could tell the whole game would feel the same. Its cool but it feels like a mashup of other game mechanics and its super repetitive.
76561198006723728,Recommended,241930,13558591,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Minsk and Boo,More fun than it has any right to be. Derivative but brilliantly executed gameplay with interesting novel plot structure. Highly recommended.
,Not Recommended,241930,30384075,Posted: 7 March,all,Drowse,"I can see why people like this game but for me I just can't get into it. I'm no MLG pro player or anything, honestly I suck at most games, but this game is laughably easy. The game mechanics are so forgiving, stealth especially. You could literally dive off a tower, land at an Ork's feet, swing at him with your sword and miss, run behind him, hide in a bush for 5 seconds and right before you ""stealth kill"" the guy, he'd be like ""Must have been the wind or something"". Stealth is so easy and forgiving it's not even fun. All you end up doing is holding the ""stealth button"" and pressing X when an Ork gets within range not even thinking about the surroundings cause why bother. Not like anyone will catch you.Combat isn't much better. I could give a full explanation of how the combat works but all you need to know is that it's the Batman system but made 10 times easier. Most fights can be won by mashing X and occasionally pressing Y. Don't worry about timing though you have a good 6 second window to press that Y button to parry. Just like with stealth, combat is so easy that it fails to engage me at any level. On top of being ridiculously easy if you somehow ""die"" in this game you get a Borderlands/Max Payne 3 style second wind. To actually lose any progress in this game you must die 3 times in a row and by ""lose progress"" I mean go back 2 minutes to the last checkpointI've gotten about half way though the game and everytime I play it's so dull. I have to push myself through the story missions because seeing the mission counter go up is the only way I can feel any sense of accomplishment in this game."
,Not Recommended,241930,33210003,Posted: 3 July,all,Fortier,"If you like the Batman Arkham games, or appreciate the Stealth OR Assault option, you'll enjoy this.If you like Skyrim and somewhat ''realist'' games and combat gameplay, don't buy it. I find it too... simple & quick paced. You have to rush, on a small map, with stupid ennemies not seeing you approaching until you are in their face and you have to click to attack, then to block & repeat this mindless pattern until all the 5 or 6 or 7 ennemies go down.I found the storyline interesting and, loving the movies, appreciate the overall ambiance.If you are reading comments, while it's on sale and still are hesitant, I suggest you buy it and try it for an hour. Then, if you don't like it, like I did, ask a refund."
,Not Recommended,241930,32732785,Posted: 24 June,all,GenocidalL0ve,This is a Batman style beat 'em up set in Morodor. I'm tired of the game mechanics after 3 hours having played Arkham City and dropping Arkham Knight 3/4 of the way through because I got tired of the game mechanics. I just don't want to play this style of game anymore.
,Not Recommended,241930,12438432,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,tofalcons,"3/10Minor gliches and♥♥♥♥♥♥AI, i can deal with. Very little originality aside from the warchief hyrachy system and branding, i can deal with. WHAT I CAN'T DEAL WITH IS LOSING THE ENTIRE GAME'S SAVED FILE, TWICE! that is major ♥♥♥♥ing glitch that needs to be patched, i mean i know warner brothers games are mostly♥♥♥♥♥♥but when this happened first i was annoyed when it happend twice i ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,241930,13926602,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Unzen,"Such a shame. Such a shame....That's all I can think about when playing Shadow of Mordor. Individually, the separate parts of SoM all work. They develop the character, they provide a background for the character. The game drives you on with skill progression and some of the ninja-esque execution moves you can pull off are immense fun to get right.However, combine all these aspects and SoM has a very short shelf-life - one that is massively marred by that thorn in the side of many 'open world' games. That of enemy respawning.SoM takes the sole breed of enemy opposition (the uruks) and sprinkles them in the game world everywhere. And I mean EVERYWHERE. If we ever needed to terraform a planet in the future - uruks would be the species of choice. Murder a handful and no sooner have you turned around, but another batch appears to try and stop your charismatic ranger.Worse - when they gang-up on you - they attack in that weird 70s kung-fu film cliche where one enemy attacks at once, rather than the whole throng of twenty coming in at once for a true kicking. As such, the game descends (very rapidly) into a repetitive button mash on a 360 controller. X, X, X, X, X, Y to block, X, X, X, X, Y&B to execute, X, X, X, X, X..... and so on. As said, the executions are fun initially, but once seen several dozen times, they get all a bit 'meh'.Then there's the rescuing of the poor, innocent humans that are being forced to work as slave labour. Initially I threw myself into liberating fellow humans - until I realised that just like the uruks - they are everywhere. Sure, you free a handful, they pledge their thanks and off they scurry. Then I walk 100 yards and see the exact same situation around the corner.And this in a nutshell, is where SoM falls massively short on enjoyment. You do the same thing again and again and again - without any real sense of progression or that you're impacting directly upon the numbers of uruks. Uruks might as well be grains of sand - a never-ending drove of gormless, relentless enemies that are stabbed, cleaved, cut, shot, blown-up and beheaded en masse. And for what?Shadow of Mordor has the makings and mechanics of a truly amazing game. I can only begin to hope and realise what a co-op version of this with a quartet of players like Gauntlet would be like. But as it is, you're a John Rambo in ranger form - taking on all and sundry with your own hands. And surprisingly, not a good game does that make.5/10"
76561198059260381,Recommended,241930,23348450,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Murky,Assassin's Creed and Arkham City had sex and gave birth to this game.
,Recommended,241930,17873889,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Carpe Meme,It's a pretty fun game what mordor you want me to say.
76561197960609426,Not Recommended,241930,33064480,Posted: 30 June,all,| Noobieman,"Disappointing, not a sophisticated game."
,Not Recommended,241930,29489460,Posted: 25 January,all,PeteL0af,"Underwhelming. Though the first couple of hours were fun, the novelty wore off pretty quickly.Pros:- The 'nemesis system' is brilliant and engaging- Mechanics are all satisfying, with a good level of complexity- Mordor is very well presentedCons:- Terrible story- Control scheme really hurt my hands- Became very repetitive very quickly"
76561198031324041,Not Recommended,241930,18570276,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mumm-Ra,"Im a huge fan of JRR Tolkien and have read the Silmarillion + LoTR trilogy many times so i had high hopes for this game. Maybe thats part of the problem, I expected so much more than what was delivered. The game has glowing reviews across the board so it had to be good right? hummm*Graphics- Decent but not exactly spectacular even on full ultra settings, it doesn't really look like a next gen game.*Soundtrack- Has its moments but never really strikes a chord of poignance which is bad considering the content..*Combat- The most praised feature, i have no idea why its just button mashing and hitting space bar to remain invincible even when being attacked by 20+ orcs.*Storyline- I enjoyed seeing the Bright Lord and finding notes and artifacts but the actual protagonist is very dull and boring. I never really cared about him or his past he was Aragorn model 101.*Nemesis system- This was the one part i found a good bit of fun. However that too became a bit boring after a number of hours. It was a good feature and maybe should have been the focus of the game instead.*Game length- Ive heard anything from 30 to 200 hours. I finished the main story in 16 hours. The rest is just filler, much like contracts in Assassin's Creed or Rifts in Dragon Age. Im sure if you get really into the Nemesis system and complete all that filler you can have a 50+ hour game but really why would you?So in general I would not recommend this game to the average gamer, if your a middle earth nut you will probably have some fun but just keep your expectations in check. I would say its overrated."
76561197984576500,Not Recommended,241930,32944888,Posted: 28 June,all,Moonshadow,"Repetitve crap. I feel the need to elaborate on this review I loved  wild hunt 3 because of it's adult theme and excellent story line, this game has neither.I gave it my best shot but found it boring and repetitive the dialog and story aimed at your average twelve to fourteen old."
,Recommended,241930,14184087,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Wray,"""One Does Not Simply Walk Into Mordor"""
76561198006523201,Not Recommended,241930,15541919,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Kabraxis,Not great of a story. No replayability.Nice graphics though.
,Not Recommended,241930,19511428,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,VERSAT1L,"The entire game is disappointing. Basically it's a melt of every game out there but badly done. Nothing makes sense, whether it is the gameplay, game mechanics, level design, overall progression, story...So Mordor really is 'that' big? Actually it is one of the smallest open world maps ever and I haven't mentioned the cheap level design; repetitive and empty, but first and foremost it is pointless again.The gameplay itself look like it was rushed by developpers. Every mechanic introduced lacks a missing part. The system behind the gameplay is useless (eg: Sauron's army). You can just kill everyone on your path the same way and repeat it until the end of times. The powers, upgrades or anything else are useless.Don't waste your time, this is not the ultimate Lord of the Rings video game that you have been dreaming of for the past 15 years. Someday perhaps."
76561198210898561,Not Recommended,241930,25630812,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,patrick_aloi,"I refunded this game .Dont buy , unless you like complete repetition . Easy enemies that you jusy button mash and counter . Leaders are♥♥♥♥♥♥easy too . Can take them down from the get go .  They used a lot of other games things and got them wrong.  Definitely Assassin Creed for example.On ultra setting hey looks good but any game should on ultra."
76561198054646614,Not Recommended,241930,35503443,Posted: 5 October,all,FRENETICO!!!!!,"I don't get it why this game receives so much praise for so little.Story? BoringThe main character? Didn't felt related or cared for him.Combat? RepetitiveOpen World? Feels dead, it's big but empty in content (only enemies and side quests that are boring)Dialogues? Meh.I try to give games 6 hours of play before reviewing but I couldn't, after an hour of this game I felt bored. Never had this feeling  of ""oh this sucks"" at the first hours of a game since FFX-2."
76561197998094040,Not Recommended,241930,21090271,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,[cc] Kroden,"Horrendous controls, the same button does different things at different times.  Forced cut scenes.  The tutorial doesn't show you how to play the game - which is a stealth game, not an action game.  This was never made clear anywhere."
,Recommended,241930,26296404,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,thank mr skeltal,This game is good if you think that orcs are jews and you are Hitler possessed by a dead elf.gas the kikes / 10
76561198007465133,Not Recommended,241930,13553975,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Reco,"Once you buy this over priced game you will find that the...Game is far too short.Story is lazily ""developed"" and quite clumsy towards the end.Game play is unchallenging and repetative.Map is so small and lacking its insulting to other open world games.Boss fights are a joke. (you won't laugh)last mission is a joke.Only thing that keeps your mild intrest in ""the story"" are the odd Lord Of The Rings movie references.Developers clearly took painfully clumsy inspiration from the Assassins Creed and Batman games.The nemesis system is kind of cool (you guess) but you don't really care much about it.All the orks are done with one voice actor and it really hits you how many corners the devs cut.The respawning logic was written by an idiot.The cut scenes and history of an early Sauron are pretty neat.Positive reviews you read to coax you into parting with your money for this game are ludicrously inaccurate."
76561198071298999,Not Recommended,241930,12379386,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Diablobrett,7.5 out of 10. Have alot of gliches that assasin creed has like jumping off the roof in the wrong direction. Combat is way to sensitive. Enemies auto respawn too close when fighting captains. overall the game is good but the makers of the game they could have done better. i would recommend it but it has alot of small things thats wrong with it
,Not Recommended,241930,34012133,Posted: 4 August,all,Doll,"So, ""oh nice this game looks so good and refreshing""Oh, you can't chose your character. You have to stick with this clichéfalse-bearded long-haired♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gy profile kinda vibe of cliché dude.It's like meeting a celebrity in musée d'Orsay, it's all fake, the acting got nothing refreshing,again a dumbass fake-aragorn, so most of male audience can identify and feel like this game is nice (or female that are aragorn's fangirls).♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, shitcharacter.... Sad, and deception only to me.If we could chose a character... maybe it would have changed everything.No need to tell me the character is great, unless you like Nicki Minaj too."
,Recommended,241930,12308457,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,CreamOfTheCrop,"I punched an Uruk captain and it died, then Gollum stared at me rather seductively.  10/10"
76561198139060576,Not Recommended,241930,24701373,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,[UCMJ]B1GD4DDY,its fun for the first few hours. gets reppetitive after a while and the environment is boring. get the witcher 3 instead
,Not Recommended,241930,12424029,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Fox Mulder,"I can't say that I would recommend this game. It's well done and everybody loves lord of the rings, however they basically copied the fighting style from Batman Arkham games. Its a cool game and all but its just not worth 50 dollars. The Black hand was way too easy. I'm kinda disappointed. But if you want a button masher lord of the rings/assassins creed/batman game go for it."
76561198056131880,Not Recommended,241930,12390384,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Knight Artorias,"A word of warning to those thinking of purchasing: Do not do so without carefully reading and understanding the minimum system requirements for the game. The minimum requirements are a HARD CAP, and you will not be able to play the game at all if you do not meet them.I knew I was a bit lower than required so figured I'd have to just run the game in low-quality or whatever, but nope. If your graphics card does not support DirectX 11 you will just receive a continuous error message and the game will not start at all."
,Recommended,241930,12312608,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,CBAR (GetS_ReKt)☯,assassins creed in lotr-style with wraith elements?-see you next year when i need to restock with food and waterdefinitely a huge game and my favorite at the moment!
76561198257183966,Not Recommended,241930,32760667,Posted: 25 June,all,Teufel,"I am sure this will get a good review amongst the Batman beat'em up game fans, but this is bad.  Multiple times will you verse the same bad guy.  I swear I killed ""the buther""moniker many a times just to see him come back.  Absolutely stupid.  I bought this game at almost 4$ and would not recommend it at that.  Sadly, Steam's refund policy has greatly limited power to the customers so I will not be refunding it.  DO NOT PURCHASE!  Unless you like Batman beat'em ups then go for it, otherwise steer clear of this AAA, ""looks good"" but lacks sustenance game.  There are many more points to go into detail on this game's flaws, but youtube and other media will suffice for such reviews.  I cannot see myself wasting time and know there are valuable sources out there.  Shame on me for giving it a chance."
76561198059343366,Not Recommended,241930,28221152,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Wolverine,"Cool combat, great graphics, but lame story and missions. You will quickly get bored in this game. All you do is to find and kill. AC series does a better job than this."
,Recommended,241930,33247930,Posted: 4 July,all,Definitely not Bob,Nice Game
,Not Recommended,241930,32760004,Posted: 25 June,all,Junzou,"Controls are pretty terrible, and the random filler content you need to do to get stronger weapons/skills/abilities etc. is uninspired.  The story and acting might be good; you just have to grind your way through some pretty boring stuff to progress.  None of the systems are particularly well explained in the beginning, nor is the significance of some of the actions you take as a player.  Glad it was on sale, because I don't see what all the rage is about."
,Recommended,241930,13889093,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Htimez2,"Amazing game, you definitely need to get this game if you like any game similiar to the witcher with an open world and tons of upgrades, Needless to say get this incredible game and you will love it."
,Not Recommended,241930,27700163,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Saucy Wiggles,"The best Orc eugenics simulator ever made. The crafting, gathering, tech trees, exploration, and worst of all the combat are an exercise in horrid tedium. I cannot stand this game but I pirated and played it for a good 100 hours just to make the perfect orc enemies."
76561198045411208,Not Recommended,241930,33354652,Posted: 7 July,all,minndawg,"Good game just not what I thought it would be at all. Nemesis system is fun, graphics are great, combat is okay... but it just didn't click with me. While this game is the best for some people I cannot recommend for all."
,Recommended,241930,25005136,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Catherine Is Strange,One does not simply walk into mordor without getting uruk blood on one's blade.11\10
,Recommended,241930,33378702,Posted: 8 July,all,☆Th0t_Patrol☆,It's a steal for 4 euros. I beheaded more orcs than ISIS humans ! Amazing !
,Recommended,241930,18664733,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,teh_cullenator,"Not convinced by the screenshots and videos? What is wrong with you?! OK, here are some details that might help:You can unlock a skill early into the game called ""Brutalize""You get to behead orcsYou get Arkham stealth in the LOTR universe, and in case you're wondering, it's the best thing everYou get to behead orcsYou get to ride CaragorsYou get to behead orcsThe story is surprisingly good, much more engaging than I expected from an LOTR title not written by TolkienYou get to behead orcsThe Nemesis system allows you to take revenge on orc captains that killed you or your Steam friendsYou get to behead orcsYou can poison grog, set off explosions, set wild beasts on your enemies, and take advantage of situations to use fear as a weapon.You also get to behead orcs* Update after completing the game *I hope you enjoyed the above review! It truly captured my feelings about the game and goes into the deep philosophical reasons of why everyone in the world should play this game. I thought I'd share a few thoughts on my experiences completing the game.Overall, this game remains one of my favorite games I have ever played. The core combat mechanics are very, very good, the graphics are great, and the story is epic!My only major complaint would be the final boss fights. Cinematically, they were still AMAZING and worth experiencing, but they were a bit lame as far as the actual gameplay goes. Minor spoiler:The last 2 boss fights were a short orc battle followed by a few quick time events.I was really hoping for a much more challenging fight with the final bosses of the game, but was, alas, disappointed. However, the cinematics were amazing, and I still can't recommend this game enough.My only other complaint (and it is a minor one) is that this game was pretty easy once you got the hang of it. But becoming OP just made the game feel much more epic, and there were still some strongholds that kept things fairly difficult if you raised the alarm.I've seen some complaints that the side-quests in the game were pointless and have little reward once you have completed them. I personally didn't feel this way when I was playing with them; I enjoyed the side-quests for the fun of the quests themselves, not in hopes of any cool new unlockable. I actually kind of liked all the extra lore they included in the game a lot more than I thought I would.Also, the music in this game is masterful! Definitely play this with some good headphones. :)"
,Recommended,241930,25628749,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,stav8,My opinon doesn't matter because i bought it via key
76561198368074931,Not Recommended,241930,31137097,Posted: 14 April,all,nebula,frustrating operation/acting system + walking & climing bugs
,Not Recommended,241930,31137934,Posted: 14 April,all,Grief Erickson,"It's a great game to rent but the staggering number of glitches in the game and the low replay value will not justify a buy.This is a 2/5 game. The game freezes constantly, especially at important story areas, the world turns to rainbows whenever lighting strikes, Your character is a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot and getting down from ledges which seems simple even in real life is impossible. The combat is pretty much button mash because a horde of orcs are rushing you but thankfully they only attack one at a time. The unresponsive controls means you will have to mash your keyboard or controller in order to get him to do anything.The fun part is the ork captains and finding way to get orcs to die. Seeing orc captains flee from monster and then you grabbing them and throwing them back at the monsters while they scream is medicine for the soul and will send you on a journey of dark laughter."
,Recommended,241930,33428942,Posted: 10 July,all,ZaFlinks,Best Skyrim game ever
76561198128001282,Not Recommended,241930,34056506,Posted: 6 August,all,MythicalSnake,Thankfully this game doesn't have microtransactions...yet
,Recommended,241930,12305968,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,NecroXBR,"Ha, what can I say?You enjoyed the books and movies of ""Lord of The Rings"" and ""Hobits""?You loved the fighting mechanics of Batman Arkham series?Do you want to feel more powerful than Saruman himself?What are waiting for? Buy it now.(But you can perfectly wait for a Steam Sale to buy it)"
,Recommended,241930,12306380,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Iyagovos,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor does what Assassin's Creed tries to do very very well. It makes you feel like an assassin, having to plan out hits and assaults in a strategic way in order to get the job done. Combined with that, it takes the combat system from the Batman Arkham series of games and creates a fluid system for killing orcs.The Nemesis system of levelling enemies that kill you adds a huge amount of difficulty to the game, and adds a lot. It's a bit of a gimmick, but one that when developed even further will be able to carry this game phenomenally. Fighting the same guy again and again, with him getting more and more injured and resistant to your attacks as time goes on feels realistic, and allows the game to feel fluid. Combined with the reality of enemies fighting each other and trying to gain more power within Sauron's ranks, the Nemesis system makes the world feel alive, and is a great addition to the game.Graphically and audially, Shadow of Mordor definitely delivers. I'm running it on a R9280X with 16GB of RAM, and it's drop dead gorgeous on Ultra, and runs at 60fps without fail.Highly recommended to fans of the Arkham series, and people that want an Assassin's Creed game that's actually good at making you feel like an assassins."
,Recommended,241930,12307371,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Crusher,"If you like taking on an Uruk Army with a Bow, Sword and Dagger...This game is for you. The combat is smooth and unique to any game i've played so far.9/10"
76561197989930228,Recommended,241930,12368914,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,bobeagle77,"What an amazing experience. This is a very beautiful looking game. Has a great story which in someways connects to Lord of the Rings lore. I am fan of the movies and some LOtR games. I recommend this game to players who like hack and slash, Batman combat and AC gameplay, and fans of LotR. I give it a 5 out of 5.+Fantastic environments and settings.+Amazing and fluid controls+Amazing combat upgrade tree+Awesome character models and animations+Superb audio fx, voice acting and Music+Great price for the content on base game-A few scripts could have being written better-When you unlock all upgrade, I felt unstoppable. Thus making the game easy towards the end.-Sometimes when surrounded by a bunch of Orcs its difficult to pinpoint a target you want to execute"
,Recommended,241930,12306569,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,"Absolutely excellent.  Ten or so hours in, I have very little criticism.  Excellent combat, polished story, open world.  Extremely impressed by everything."
,Not Recommended,241930,12383562,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Face Palmer,"The only challenges in this game are the stupid controls and the excessive speech and cut-scenes. It has an impressive, lively world, but combat is repetitive, boring and flakey because of accidental targeting, terrible controls and useless combat abilities. Even though the game seems inspired by Borderlands (voices, but not as well done), Thief, Tomb Raider, Witcher, Talion is right when he says in the intro: it doesn't make any sense."
76561198125462961,Not Recommended,241930,25879886,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,My Beard Holds Muh Lunch,"Where to start1. Graphicsa. Overall i'd say that the graphics can be considered ""pretty"" when run on higher end(honestly probably about stock i5 and gtx 970+ ish~~) pc's that can handle a high frame rate well.  There is no ""OH MY DOG""(twitch refrence) moment of this is amazing. Atleast for me.  The worlds color scheme and the textures of the area you run in aren't really meant to be noticed and can show it when you take your time creeping around in bushes like I chose to do for a bit.b. I'd definately say that theres no real benefit to even trying to play the game on max quality because you don't get any more out of the game for doing so.2. Storya. It's there for sure buried under repetative hack and slash and bash and run around the same area 60 times game play style.  It's definately appealing but even for someone who can't very well sit and read you'd probably have a more enjoyable time listening to an audio book of the story than playing the game for it because of all the undesirable filler content between.b. I didn't personally feel compelled to even complete the story sided missions because of how little reward they had, it was frankly more fun listening to the short stories from the various artifacts you can find across the map.3.Combat/Movementa. Combat definately seems ""smooth"" for group fighting and one on one but not so much one on one during a group fight.  Great for just blowing off Steam and running into an enemy base and just smashing everythings face in for about 15 minutes straight and just watching the bodies pile up.b. It can get incredibly boring very fast if you don't explore the different options between stealth/ranged/full frontal assault.c. you can find yourself climbing the wrong wall or leaping off a ledge without purpose from time to time but overall i'd give it a B+ since you can usually navigate while running fairly well and riding on the OVERGROWN KITTIES is great.4. ETCa. They definately give you a few other little gathering/hunt for treasure type activites to do which can help hide some of the lesser quality gameplay that is Shadows of Mordor, which I basically needed to even play the game as long as I did.5. OverallI unless you get this game and dlc for about 70-80%+ discount I wouldn't advise purchase.  You more likely than not will not get your $$$'s worth out of the game because of how fast it gets boring and repetative. Trust me I know and like boring and repetative I've got about 2 full years of logged in time on only 1 of my Runescape accounts <.< ..."
76561198027141250,Not Recommended,241930,23284051,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,gamer1000k,"Steam ate my lengthy review without actually posting it so here's the quick summary:I wanted to enjoy this game, but a combination of tedious combat that's really no more than a glorified quick time event, frequently sloppy controls, and the randomness introduced by the nemesis system (specifically captains frequently wandering into me during missions making them extra frustrating and sometimes near impossible) resulted in me spending more of my hours with this game ready to throw my controller out the window rather than actually having fun.The open world portion is a joke, the two explorable areas are relatively small and boring with bleak landscapes and copy paste ruins. The story includes some interesting elements from the simarillion, but appears to be cut short (the last two boss fights are so easy they feel completely out of place).Overall, while I enjoyed parts of the game, there were more parts I did not and the lack of interesting things to do outside of endlessly slaughtering orcs means I can't honestly recommend this game at the asking price."
76561198044504413,Not Recommended,241930,24701531,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Boytrix,"I was hoping for a better gaming experience. It was very repetitive and the story wasn't great. Not a bad or terrible game, it just feels like it's missing something. The fighting is probably the best thing about this game."
76561198104361263,Recommended,241930,21976549,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Taddy Mason,"I recommend this game if you like open worlds, slaughtering orcs by the dozens like some sort of crazed demon, if you like creating your own personal army of mind slaves hidden in the ranks of your enemy's army sent to destroy you-then get this game. The DLCs for it add a nice amount of content, too. I didn't like the Bright Lord DLC as much as I enjoyed the Lord of the Hunt DLC. Mainly because the Bright Lord sort of limited my abilities in combat, so it was less varied. I imagine it was done to keep in line with the fact that you were playing as newly powered up Celebrimbor and not his man-shadow creature hybrid he became years later in the main game, but after experiencing the thrill of freedom that the Lord of the Hunt showed me (seriously-check that DLC out. the combat, the enemies, the missions, the new area-I loved ALL of it) kind of spoiled me and made me sort of resent the limitations imposed by the Bright Lord. Still, all around a fantastic game!The nemesis system is my favorite part. Not even the combat (reminds me of a murderous Batman combat system) compares to how much I love the nemesis system. Fighting leaders in the enemy armies and enslaving their minds or just gathering information from them and killing them so that one of my mind slaves ranked lower than my fresh victim can take his place-it's amazing. If you get into a scuffle and have to retreat, they'll remember you and be less scared in the future. Get murdered by some random shmoe? Well, now he's a Captain and is more powerful. Each time that someone kills you they get stronger and less scared of you. Some of the stronger leaders require a strict tactical approach to defeat. Mid-late game it becomes incredibly difficult to take out some of the top tiered bosses. They usually have bodyguards who are a rank or 2 lower than them and also leaders with special abilities. Killing or converting the bodyguards before taking on the main guy becomes a must, because there's no way you want to take all of them on at once in their stronghold surrounded by an enormous amount of reinforcements. The nemesis system alone adds a ton of replayability to the game and I'd like see it used in games in the future somehow.To sum it all up, even if you're not a fan of the Lord of the Rings (in any of its many forms or variations), this is a great game with the combat and nemesis system alone making it worth checking out."
,Recommended,241930,30356455,Posted: 6 March,all,Drginix,ok
76561197989501030,Not Recommended,241930,31760346,Posted: 14 May,all,badatthis,"Neat mechanics. Sadly input lag ruined the game for me. Spent am hour trying to fix it, saw there was enough people on the net with the same problem and the first handful of fixes didn't work.. decided it wasn't fun enough to keep at it."
,Not Recommended,241930,24837253,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Legit Booty Warrior,"i keep wanting to really love this game, but maybe its my bad luck but the game acts like a kid with adhd got off his meds and messing witht he ai spawning.on both my pc run and ps3 run of this game, i am constantly bombarded with bosses.taking on one? no probtwo? ok ez3? ok...... not fun but managable4? wtf5? whats happening6? unistalls*im not ♥♥♥♥in joking either, i had 6 of the ♥♥♥♥in basgtards gangbang me two archers one a bruser fellow and some quick ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s which mad it ♥♥♥♥in hell to play, and this happened all the time to me plus they ahd all there compadres helping them out. again ive watched videos of a geuinely fun lord of the rings batman game but it doesnt work out for me"
,Recommended,241930,12543207,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Goben,Probably the best of this genre since AC Revelations.Worth every single €.
76561197977207077,Not Recommended,241930,35411964,Posted: 2 October,all,Frizb3e,Keep trying to come back to this game. The music and Ork characters are engaging. But having to Battle hordes of enimies trying to get to the boss is just annoying.
,Recommended,241930,33348616,Posted: 7 July,all,Ziteseve,OH MAW GAWD GIMME DAT SEQUEL
76561198210378859,Not Recommended,241930,35484457,Posted: 4 October,all,Dalter,"I feel robbed and i only paid $8 for it during the sale!I had the game before and didnt get too into it so i thought i'd get it during the sale. You might find the main story fun but will be sorely dissapointed when you take on the second boss and the final mission. Dont get me wrong, the main missions in the two maps are pretty fun but the fight against saurons mouth and sauron was weaksauce.*SPOILER ALERT* You'd think the final boss would be hard since you built an army to fight the guy but all it took was a buttonmash to defeat him, it was just an insult to see that and then to see warner bro's ending to ramp up for shadow of war.The dlc are obviously just missions that they left out of the main game to get a few extra bucks and dont even get me started on the side quests! Warner Bro's pulled the same♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game that they did on Mad Max, have atleast 10 story missions and then have sidequests up the♥♥♥♥♥like Preston Garvey invaded the damn game!Moral of the story is dont spend money on this game unless you truly love repetative side quests and an overall easy game."
,Recommended,241930,12302638,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,archaznable,"This game does really look and feels like an Assassins Creed, Batman Arkham, The Witcher meets Middle Earth type of game. I love what they have done with the graphics here the details are really crisp the action is an astoundingly smooth it is really responsive. You will really have a lot of things to unlock in this game. The one thing that I don't like here is the way the camera moves its a little bit of sluggish when you move your view around. Over all I give this game an 8/10 :D"
,Recommended,241930,15212118,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Yoshimoshi,"Even though I haven't played Warcraft II (The game that this game is based off of), I really enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,241930,20491642,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,moonracer,"The one thing that I wished others had said to describe this game was ""just like the Batman Arkam series"", because it feels just like that kind of game. And I just can't get into that style of play.90% of gameplay is pushing two buttons (attack and defend) to fight. If you pick a fight with an orc instead of stealth killing it, expect to fight a group of 5-7 at once, every time. The combat is well done for what it is, and it looks great. There's just something about it that gets old real fast for me.I liked the idea of the named boss orcs that you take out as some sort of power play, but after taking out a few I couldn't  see the point other than ""boss fight with loot"". They are forgetable and get replaced almost right away. I got no feeling that I had any impact on the game world.  It just feels like a playground to level up in.Perhaps if I played more and got into the story then more would happen, but just like the Batman series, the gameplay causes me to lose interest before I get that far."
,Not Recommended,241930,20827218,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,camp.chrisc,"Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor borrows a lot from other open world and action games. I couldn't help but feel like I was playing Batman when fighting off orcs or Assassin's Creed when obsessively visiting spots on the map. The execution overall seemed solid but in trying to be so many things at once Mordor really fails to be memorable. They sacrifice a strong story in favor of exploration elements - which is disappointing for a game set in the history rich Tolkien universe. The exploration leaves a bit to be desired as well, at some point you will feel like you are just moving through a check list because every destination is very plainly laid out for you.Much has been talked about in regards to the ""nemesis"" system which I personally found to be a bit over hyped. At first, it is a cool mechanic and then you quickly realize that the effect on the universe is really minimal and not worth the time.Overall, I can't say this game was really worth my time."
76561198069630004,Recommended,241930,13761491,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kashmoney,"This is what an Assassin's Creed game should be. A great open world game with a combat system that rivals the Batman Arkham games. It also has great assortment of side quests that fill up the time between the main story missions. I thought the story is alright not ground breaking but enjoyable. The best part of this game is the nemesis system which is how you'll be dealing with the Orc's army captains. When you kill a captain it does a great job showing how it affectrs the world and the same thing when you die. Also by having your death be meaninful, since it gives more power to the orc that killed you, it creates a grudge between that orc and you. Especially when they rub it in your face. Overall a great open world action game and one of the best games this year."
76561197966253804,Not Recommended,241930,19973207,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Total_Diversion,"Really repetitive game play. I had a lot of trouble getting into this one. It's very similar in playstyle to Batman Arkham City or Arkham Asylum, best played with a controller. I used an Xbox 360 wired controller, it had native support for it and worked well as far as control and combat fluidity just like the Batman games!Unfortunately, it's a massive hand-hurting experience like the batman games. It's not that I can't handle fast paced combat (I did beat all the previous Batman games with similar style) it's just that it gets so obnoxious when you're fighting generic ""weak"" enemies that require obnoxious amounts of button presses to take down.The objective is to fight your way up the ladder of Orks. Now the innovative part is if you screw up fighting one of these incredibly detailed and unique looking orc generals, you end up getting bumped back down the ladder. I actually don't want to finish this game at this point, it's just so repetitive. If I had a dollar for everytime I fought an Uruk general and his cronies took me out with a lousy cheap shot costing me the fight and getting bumped down a ladder, I'd probably be able to bribe my way to Sauron... or refund my money for the $60 release day purchase.There are unique Uruk's that have quirks, voices, etc. It's actually a very well done game as far as voices, controls, and graphics go. It's just the implementation that ruins it, here's the math formula:(painful button mash attack/counters * 20 enemies per area * 10 areas before you hit the boss * 10 ladder positions of Uruk's * X amount of screw ups forcing you to run back and kill the enemies again) / sanity level before you uninstall game. I played 6 hours before I gave up, would not recommend unless you got on the under $10 cheap.I would describe it as ""the most well-made and boring game I've ever played."""
,Recommended,241930,13765059,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,fatsoh,Really fun game with good graphics and gameplay.The fighting system is like the newer Batman games and the movement and exploration is like Assassins Creed.only dumb thing is that the boss fights near the end are kind of anticlimatic and way easier than say some of the warchiefs.also after you beat the game you can keep doing other missions which is pretty fun but won't hold you for too long.9.5/10
,Recommended,241930,16605092,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Scrub lord,i glitched through the ground and died. 11/10 would play again
,Recommended,241930,12538792,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Deninedeny,"If you like Batman Arkham series, if you like♥♥♥♥♥Sasin's Creed series,  you better buy this game and play it, the combot system, nemesis system is awesome.YOU MUST PLAY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU DON'T LIKE THA GAMES ABOVE"
,Recommended,241930,17637926,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,"Now that was a fun game! Kind of depressing... but entertaining, none the least!"
,Not Recommended,241930,24800928,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Razormaid,"This game has the air about it of being a delivery engine for DLC and gated content.Also, this game has the wonkiest control scheme (I test both the official Steam controller and PS3 controller with SCP support). I always play with full inverted axes, and while this game does have an option to ""invert aim axis"" IT DOES ABOLUTELY NOTHING, and there are no other options to change the (controller) control scheme. This in it of itself makes the game virtually unplayable for me.In addition, the camera is pretty dodgy as well. The camera is so close and so low, I fell like I could hold a decent conversation with proctologists. The fact that this game is third person with a camera that is way too close and cannot be adjusted or modified in any way, again makes this viturally unplayable for me.I purchased this game and its accompanying DLC from the summer sale (2016) in hopes that I might be able to enjoy from my couch via Steam Link. I was clearly duped.***EDIT***So, I found fixes for both issues:To invert the axes or change button mapping:https://github.com/KrossX/Duraznohttps://steamcommunity.com/app/241930/discussions/0/613937306867826253/?ctp=2#c613938693111477216https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F33zkA5_-0QTo increase field of view (FoV):https://www.flawlesswidescreen.org/(just download the program, run it, update it, select Middle Earth: SOM from the list, and then increase the FOV!"
76561197994997197,Recommended,241930,24804805,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Bagitcharu,Can't get enough of this awesome game!
76561198143967317,Recommended,241930,24715475,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,[MPT]BessieXlll,Awesome Game!!
,Recommended,241930,32910375,Posted: 27 June,all,Kryloth,git gud
76561198244187870,Not Recommended,241930,27767669,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,大舞歌,how stupid i am that i bought a game keeps loading.....loading....loading.....
,Recommended,241930,18765173,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Venomlemon,"Shadow of Mordor is an enjoyable return to middle earth in form of a sandbox game. Mechanics wise it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son of Batman Arkham series and Assassins Creed. As addition to every moment of gameplay being enjoyable and combat thrilling, what truly makes game unique and cool are the named orc captains and warchiefs. You influence the orc hierarchy/violent politics through cutting heads and kicking butts. I'd say the storyline is above average as well, but don't buy this game expecting to experience a linear and story driven experience."
,Not Recommended,241930,32839434,Posted: 26 June,all,Blitz4,"This is a sale-only purchase! Got it for $4, good deal for the money I think.I wouldn't pay much more for it though.Birds Eye description: Assassins Creed + Batman + Far Cry:PrimalIf you like any of those games, you might like this one. If you hated any of those games, then I suggest looking at a let's play before buying. Even if you've liked those games many years ago, but recently played Dark Souls even for a few minutes, buyer beware.There's so much good about this game. It makes you want to like it. But once you master the oversimplified gameplay, it's not a game anymore, it become a grind. You can not mod this game, you can not increase the difficulty, but you can set challenges for yourself. Challenges like never get any upgrades, rune upgrades, and never using any runes. Those are fun challenges. It keeps the fights at a more reasonable 1 vs a dozen instead of 1 vs all of 'em.What's wrong with the game?The gameplay. Bar none. I hated how easy it was, so I restarted twice and found the no upgrade, no revive when knocked down game. There's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things in the game, like not being able to pickup a rune from downed captains until you are done the mission. imho, it's too boring for a proper review. And It's 59GB with the HD pack. Too much for a 10 hour game."
,Recommended,241930,32880388,Posted: 27 June,all,Nova Strike,Love this game xD
,Recommended,241930,18663727,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,TheMuggles,An Assassins Creed game without Micro Transactions.
76561197972566820,Recommended,241930,28960120,Posted: 2 January,all,Kingvfefe,"pretty cool, but the world and story kind of seem like a rip-off of Lord of the Rings"
,Recommended,241930,33343769,Posted: 7 July,all,Banana,Shut up and Take my money.
,Not Recommended,241930,33354028,Posted: 7 July,all,Jp3,"Game is fun but the controls on PC with keyboard suck. And sometimes things are just unresponsive, like the Last Chance Counter things, and especially the aiming with the bow. It's obvious it was made for horrible console joystick aiming, and does not make use of the precision of a mouse. The aim is abysmal. 6/10 got it for $4 so eh."
,Not Recommended,241930,33496710,Posted: 12 July,all,Dio Brendo,"I was promised interesting gameplay by my friends for this game. I thought the nemesis system would be a cool idea. It was good at first, but it got boring. Honestly I thought this game was pretty repetitive and boring. The story is not very good and the missions are extremely repetitive like I said. I did not like the abscense of towns and other interesting locations. The large map wasn't utilized very well. I didn't really feel anything for the 2 main characters they were pretty bland. The graphics were good, but uninsprired. The orc character designs were well done. Hopefully the next game will build on the postives, create a better story, and more intersting missions. 6/10"
,Recommended,241930,12648999,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,De-Rancor,good game
76561198033151940,Recommended,241930,19158160,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Dee,"Im truly glad I bought this game. And I was not truly disappointed. Game looks great, combat works perfect similar to batman series, but the best is enemies (if they kill you they become stronger also they can be promoted) and there will be always some enemy captain so fighting against them can be neverending. Story, voice acting works perfect and you will get more info about Lord Of The Rings. Only con for me is that I love more story driven games. Here you have open world and so many thinks to do (some of them can be repetitive) and sometimes between fights with orcs and side quests you just start main mission to progress in story and open more same side quests.9/10"
76561198117117274,Recommended,241930,27807821,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,khaosbane,"One of the best features of this game is the nemesis system. They remember killing you, getting promoted for doing so and becoming more powerful for doing so. This can provide a growing challenge."
76561198032914734,Not Recommended,241930,33867278,Posted: 28 July,all,Jacmac,"Configured controls, started story mode, got first main target to seek out, attracted the attention of two orcs, soon fighting 20 at once, furious clicking and mashing of controls, realize there is no way my hands can take this much longer, can't abort the game, ctrl-alt-delete, end task... For good."
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,241930,21547277,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Destyre,"Now this game would be good and I would love to see the rest of the story, but it's absolutely ruined by the controls. Spacebar does just about every action and there is no real way to lock a target with everything going on, leading to your character flailing his sword at enemies who block and/or counter attack. I've lost count of the amount of times where I've tried focusing on one Orc to take him down then when I would land the last blow on him, your character turns and hits an Orc at full health on the other side of the fight; it's just frustrating and I can't bring myself to finish it because of that. Ruined by lazy porting of the controls.Speaking of which, the gameplay is basically a direct clone of games like Assassin's creed or the Arkham series; not a bad thing in itself as I enjoyed the combat in Arkham, but there is really nothing new here. The much touted political gameplay is complete crap, as you would imagine, basically boiling down to you having to do very linear quests in order to truely effect the system in a very linear way, which in itself only allows you to progress to the next linear story mission anyway.A shame, because the combat does feel really cool when it works... it just doesn't most of the time, thanks to 3 buttons out of the dozens at your disposal on your keyboard being used for every action, leading you to roll when you want to vault, climb when you want to roll, and vault when you want to run. Let's not even get into the abundance of quick-time events. It seems like the devs saw this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BnLbv6QYcAand decided that it was a great idea, deciding to base their control scheme around it.I want to see the end of the story but I think I'll just watch youtube for that since the gameplay is self-torture."
76561198261050079,Recommended,241930,26076785,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,udoPolar,very very good game... played this on ps4 but rebought it to experience it on my new acer x34...looks very good in ultrawide.. it plays nearly flawless... this truly is ment for ultrawide and it is one of the best games I have ever played
76561198083622653,Recommended,241930,17103131,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Button Mashta Leo,"From the developers of the original F.E.A.R. to Gotham City Imposters comes Shadow Of Mordor, a game full of familiarity in Game-play mechanics from The Parrying and endless comboing from the Arkham series, with Dishonoured style use of mysticism in a more limited manner towards assassination, to Assassin's Creed use of parkour and stealth/Assassinating plus more!The story takes place in between the hobbit and Sam and Frodo's adventure! Starring a new character on his own journey out for revenge. His name is Talion, a ranger who lost his family and his own life too the black hand, but due to some fusing he was brought back thanks to the ring maker! Who seams to be missing his memories. Now, on a journey of discovery of whats lost as well as said revenge, you go forth in order to slaughter the Uroks or take control of them and use them as you will. Oh and don't forget about the Graugs, and caragaths you can ride as well as tame! Now lets Get more detailed!Weapons: You are equipped with the same broadsword, bow, and broken sword that is used as a dagger for some reason! Although they are the same fixed weapons even without any weapon skin changes, they still have customizable Runes (5 max per weapon) that you can acquire from killing generals. Each Rune changing the weapons capabilities.Runes: As said these change the weapons capabilities as well as can change the players capabilities itself! From abilities that increase focus, damage, fear, health regeneration, you name it (Keep it PG-13)! There is also different levels of Runes from low quality to EPIC runes. This give each player there own flexible play style in a way.Stealth: Stealth is similar to games like Assassin's creed and the latest Farcry where Where you can hide in bushes, behind rubble, and are invisible as long as you are out of eye site! There are many MANY ways of getting through every part of SoM's Open world allowing for different play-through's.Nemeses System: Because of this system every Urok is randomly generated from name, Personality (Weaknesses/strengths, fears etc), visuals, power levels etc. And there behaviour is affected by Talion's actions within the games as well as they freely act upon there own simulated desires of personal power as they challenge and recruit other Uroks with or without you. Any low level soldier Urok that kills you or another general becomes a general themselves, and as they keep doing as such they gain more rank and Power as well as there strengths increase while weaknesses decrease with every rank. Also, if you fail to kill a war chief and they escape, they will remember your attempt and not leave the same blind-spot for you and will be more heavily guarded!Enemies: There is a decent variety of enemies with the already randomly generated and unique Uroks. And roughly every enemy within the game you can use for personal gain.Open World: Not one, but multiple open world maps, With parts of the environment natural or not that can be used against your enemies.Perk: Divided into abilities and attributes that unlock player capabilities that help with your slaughter of Uroks! Unlock them in any order you wish (except for the ones that have to be unlocked through certain missions)And More!As much as i enjoy and approve of this game i will say this, It has one of the lousiest endings I have ever played through! I don't wish to have this hinder the decisions to purchase and play this game, just a friendly note to know to possibly expect disappointment. Other then that, he has replay value in my eyes as well as a DLC storyline to follow, and ability to continue after the story with endless Urok Generals slaughter! Due to comparison with other games, I feel this game is easy to get used to. So enjoy!Story- 6.5/10 (Story is interesting as it is separate from the trilogies, but as i said, Disappointing ending)Game-Play- 9.5/10 (familiar and easy to use controls as well as variety for different types of players)Graphics- 9/10 (beautiful and detailed environments good enough to enjoy)Audio- 9/10 (great sound and dialogue. Rarely any problems)Value- 9.5/10 (huge replay value as well as worth the price! Great for stress relief if you get my drift)"
,Recommended,241930,33413977,Posted: 9 July,all,✪ MikusGG,"This is such a great game , the intruduction is amazing"
,Not Recommended,241930,34268273,Posted: 15 August,all,Nicolás Maduro,"Story's absolute crap, gameplay gets extremely repetitive after a few hours, the game is a little difficult at the very beginning and then insanely easy later on, the ""bosses"" are a joke...The last few hours were just a slog for me to finish the game.  I just don't get the hubbub about this one.  The whole captains/nemesis system is really fun, but it's unfortunately packaged with a game that is not.God help you if you're a Tolkein lore hound.  They just make♥♥♥♥♥♥up and then throw Gollum at you for no reason other than ""Hey, remember this guy?  From Lord of the Rings?"" with some contrived plot excuse.  I was half-expecting Gimli and Legolas to appear out of no where and start hunting orks with me."
76561198293184433,Not Recommended,241930,34357066,Posted: 19 August,all,CrazyPandaLS,i can't run it bc it needs DirectX11 but I have DirectX12 and it dosen't work
,Recommended,241930,33335215,Posted: 7 July,all,Gnidget,More realistic ledge kills than Assassins Creed.
76561197998666200,Not Recommended,241930,19488587,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Psychopath Bat-nana,"Game uses Batman figthing mechanics and has a writing thats is very contrived and boring. Very cliché story I got bored after finishing main story, then there's nothing to do.Gollum is ok and there is an Orc who if felt more attached than the main duo protagonists. There are some DLC's but couldn't finish any of them got bored fast, the only fun time is when you hunt a big Ogre with a dwarf that has dog fetishes and thats all. I would generaly recommend a game like this but the advertising and rating is deluding, for me is only an average game is not that great. Batman is way much better.That said I would recommend buying this game on sale, dont pay full price is not worth it."
,Recommended,241930,25681352,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,B0BI caserandom.com,Better than the Hobbit trilogy.
76561198061558326,Not Recommended,241930,33437385,Posted: 10 July,all,Sam_I_am,"For one simple reason, the camera is super jumpy and does not work well.  Your about to kill the enemy and your camera does a 180 and your guy runs around lost and then gets killed........."
,Recommended,241930,33997249,Posted: 3 August,all,Puffy,This game is a masterpiece. Although the storyline was a bit confusing to me. The looks of the game are beautiful and if your computer can handle it i recommend downloading the HD textures. Also if you want to wait for a sale the game might go back to being $5 because of their new game coming out called Shadow of War i beleive. Anyways a masterpiece and i recommend picking up.
,Recommended,241930,12320399,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,scotrobson,This game is ridiculously BADASS. So much fun yet rewardingly difficult with plenty of character development to keep you engaged for hours.If you don't have this game....GET IT NOW!!!!
76561198015670208,Not Recommended,241930,33082101,Posted: 1 July,all,TheJester0673,"I do not appreciarte this game at all, combat is mashing buttons, you need to dodge and run or get mowed over by what seems to be a never ending wave after wave after wave.  I get a zero sense of any acomplishment, and now have rage unistalled the game."
,Not Recommended,241930,33936210,Posted: 31 July,all,Griffon,"Games like this earning GOTY awards is the reson ""Game of the Year"" is a meaningless term.[Ignore my registered playtime on this, I mostly played offline]"
76561198071805901,Recommended,241930,17341988,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Pxl Dust,I would let this game date my daughter
,Recommended,241930,18127486,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ycs47,"A truly immersive game yet amazing story line, worth a buy!!"
,Recommended,241930,16697250,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ranch,"pretty dank, would recommend, one of my favourites and easily the most well programmed game I've played in a long time"
,Recommended,241930,15223960,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,miRACLE-x,Awesome game!
76561198034488184,Recommended,241930,16015111,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sina Rad,"graphics are very good and Nemesis system is the best part of the game i suggest to buy it with all DLCs specially bright lord and lord of the hunt, these are completes the game."
76561198000726731,Recommended,241930,15517943,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Soulbringer,"Shadow of Mordor is a good and solid game overall. Playing as Talion is empowering and feels like a lot of fun.The skills that our hero improves during the course of the game are various and powerful, they really add something strategic to the game mechanics and allow the player to approach situations in different ways.Mabye the ""ultimate"" skills are a bit over-powered because in the last few hours the game really felt like all the creatures of Mordor were running from me screaming...Apart from this I've found the game pretty well balanced.Gameplay is fast and fun: you will drop silently from above and start a furious melee, you will kill silently an entire encampment, you will free caragors from a cage to bring panic among orcs and then join the party and more often than not you will find yourself charging head-down through a bunch of enemies only to find out that 3 badass orc captains are among them, ready to slaughter you...you will die and then start a hunt to find that damn ""Tugog Man-Breaker"" that just killed you so badly.But, from any point of view you see it, you will slaughter countless orcs.In all of this the Nemesis system does a really good job to keep players engaged by creating old-time, fearful enemies that will be a major part of the adventure.The combat system is similar to that of the Batman games: you will push buttons with timing and build up a combo counter that allows to increase damage and perform some of the game most powerful moves.Environments are enough different and well designed, especially in the first map. I found the second map a bit worse in this terms, in the end infact it feels a bit too repetitive.I found the story forgettable, not the worst but just a boundary.Overall a good game which I recommend, especially for those who have liked Batman games."
,Recommended,241930,24023759,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,PorkyPig,"Middle-earth™: Shadow of MordorThis game is extremely incredibly amazing, beautifully well done, really looking good game with a VERY AWESOME gameplay, letting you play low or loud. The stealth is very similar to Assassin's Creed and the fighting sequences just like Batman Arkham Series. If you like one of them take the game inmediately, if not you have to play it anyways.The gameplay is very unique, you have the power of the Bright Lord, letting you to get very cool abilities from Talion or the Bright Lord. Sword/Dagger (Talion), Bow (Bright Lord).Besides the incredible gameplay, the game sets in Mordor in 2 different maps, one is where the Black Gate is with a red sky and dark just looking very LOTR, in the other map, still in Mordor, it has a lot  of plants and looks very good. The animations of the game are so cool like when you run Talion moves all stealthy like in AC, or when your character finishes up a group of Uruks and you holster your sword, when you take off an Uruks head it looks good. All those details makes you satisfying.The Sauron's Army system is awesome, there are Unknown Captain Uruks, and what you need to do is in stealth you have to grab any Uruk and get intel from them to discover those captain and assassinate them so they don't become more powerful, and that is what I call UNIQUE stuff. Also there are some intense moments, specially where you are in Strongholds where a Uruk can set an alarm, and call an Army or other captains, but if you get to kill a captain you have a chance to scare all the Uruks, and you can go in peace. If you get killed you just don't re-spawn, the Uruk that killed you will get promoted and will increase in Power.And after all this, there's even more content with the DLC included in the game, like the backstory of the Bright Lord.Stealth 10/10 Very similar to the Assassin Creed SeriesFighting 10/10 Very similar to the Batman Arkham SeriesWorld/Map 9/10 It is not that big but still, it doesn't matterVisuals 10/10 I haven't seen better, seriouslyStory 9/10 Some missions can get a bit boring but still the story is good, the ending is amazing, it should be a movieOverall 10/10 The game is great I cannot believe I just played it until now I should've bought since 2014Buy it if you like fighting games, if you like Assassin's Creed or the Batman Arkham Series."
76561198126288266,Recommended,241930,24292916,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,76561198126288266,Awesome. no bugs
76561197972631979,Recommended,241930,16358025,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Durt Reynolds,Great game
76561198030274103,Not Recommended,241930,33061221,Posted: 30 June,all,bflance,"game constantly crashes and freezes!!NO OTHER game does that on my PC.Running i7 6700K, Asus Pro Gaming Z-170 Mobo, 16GB, 1080GTX, Samsung 950 Pro SSD and Windows 10.its a shame that original licensed game crashed like that, simply unplayable.no driver update or config change helped.."
76561198088460031,Recommended,241930,28109330,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Classic,good game
76561198345919961,Not Recommended,241930,34602938,Posted: 30 August,all,Fenrir,Just a repetitive rhythm game. SOOOOOOOOOO BORING. That's all i can mention about this movielike game.
,Recommended,241930,24038296,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Arcturus,Killing Uruks never gets old.
,Recommended,241930,24044589,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BashBashBoom,"Great game, insanely fun, nuff said..."
,Recommended,241930,24069993,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Last Tabs,Warning: may induce bad-assery.
76561198090026169,Recommended,241930,32970606,Posted: 28 June,all,JaS V,"I love it, can't wait for the sequel to come out. I got it on sale for 10.99, if though it cheaper now, i really don't mind. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,241930,23992384,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Haannhh,"Great to vent out anger with, perfect for LOTR fans. Gotta love the combat mechanic. Story's engaging too!"
76561198075036956,Not Recommended,241930,32951883,Posted: 28 June,all,xCaptainObviousx,"For the love of everything holy, stop spawning a horde of rivals every time I fight an old one. With the incredibly clunky controlls it's close to impossible to actually finnish off a particular target."
,Recommended,241930,24070283,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lord Doggo,"Pretty game, gameplay is good, combat system very good for pictures to take if you want to and very awesome looking, story is great."
,Not Recommended,241930,20867915,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Crenshaw Mafia 666,Map has done by a ret-ard
76561197983545926,Not Recommended,241930,18682314,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,FudoAkira,"It's really a gorgeous game. But I could only play it for about 45 min. before it became too repetitive and samey. The combat is so monotonously boring I had to request a refund ASAP. As far as I can tell, the intro tries to make it all about some kind of story-driven experience or something, but it really just comes across like every other game I've played lately. I'd rather the plot was, ""Hey, Sauron's stirring up trouble. Go fight his hordes of baddies until you win."" 15 second exposition, then right into gameplay (the intro was like 15-20 min. of my time?). I watched Destiny's video on Youtube about how horrible the combat was, but experiencing how stale and easy it is right from the outset was something else entirely. Dude was spot on trashing it like he did.Overall, if you are all about LOTR and don't care about solid gameplay, you will lap this title up and downvote this review. So it goes.....Follow up from free weekend: This might be the largest game (~80 GB) that I've ever wasted my internet bandwidth on. I was giving this game a second go and skipping the cutscenes to simply evaluate the combat, which sometimes has improved games for me in the past. What a mistake. Combat is laughably easy, even with the indicators off. There also doesn't feel to be much weight behind the sword swings. Killing enemies by necessitating the use of the crouch feature is also awkward. It worked in the Batman games, which this one is clearly trying to copy. But in a faster paced action game vs. a stealth game like Batman, it just ruins the pacing of things. I think my final moments before uninstalling were unlocking the Executions ability, then accidentally fighting a war chief, building up the combo meter to use the execution, and then my character literally exploded. While I was winning the fight. W.T.F. Are there that many blind LOTR fans that bought this and will buy the sequel? Pitiful"
,Recommended,241930,24001963,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DankWaifu csgogem.com,"I love this game, but the storyline confuses me."
,Recommended,241930,24080052,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Plouton,This is a great Middle-Earth game. The fighting mechanics are very similar to the Arkham series and the stealth system is nearly identical to the Assassin's Creed series. You have no idea how fun it is riding a Graug into a fortress full of Uruks and causing havoc.
76561198050101326,Recommended,241930,12302453,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,FancyPants,Great Game!!! I never played this type of game but it is great fun! I run it on Ultra with 780TI I7 3770K also its installed on  a sdd the boot time great I get about 60 FPS with a 27 inch 2560 x 1440 144hz Asus and the game runs great!
,Recommended,241930,12333052,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kinji,Well worth the long download wait. So fun and really challenging. Not for the faint of heart. So immersive intot he Middle Earth lore.
,Recommended,241930,12298623,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,hoyholyhoy,"Update: So after more play time I've actually experienced some very frustrating bugs.First, the game crashes sort of frequently (about 4 times now)Second, (and I KNOW this is not because of my PC build) there will be random spouts of massive FPS lag in random areas for literally no reason. I'll be running across an open field and out of nowhere, the game rubberbands from 60+ FPS to 2 FPS back to 60+.Third, when it's daytime ingame, there are random spots in the terrain that look like the texture didn't load correcrtly so it shows bright green (turning the character green as well.) Just patches in random places, inconvenient, but not game breaking.Other than that, playing more with the nemisis system and other features, the game is awesome. I went into it not expecting anything, and I'm pleasently surprised how worth the money it is.Fix the bugs and I can't think of anything off the top of my head that I would change about this game!Original review:Runs flawlesly on my GTX 780, 0 frame drops, it's really more like a very suped up last gen game (nothing at all wrong with that) It looks absolutely beautiful. I mean, I've played AC a LOT in my day, and I know the comparisons are all over the place, but it really is pretty much the exact same formula, again though, nothing wrong with that. If you like AC and/or like LotR, this game should spark your interest. It is actually good quality, check it out!Good PC optimization so far."
,Recommended,241930,12303030,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Cloudero,People used to say it is a AC clone. Then I played the game. AC? Who?
76561197969669768,Recommended,241930,12307457,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Broown,Just bloody AWESOME!
,Recommended,241930,12317946,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Ultima,Arkham Creed: Mordor
,Recommended,241930,12372957,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,[BT] Sameperson,"Nice game, i liek it."
,Recommended,241930,12435353,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,marble,"Good but does not compare to its superior ""ancestor"" Batman.Playtime: 38h to completion while intentionally taking my time enjoying the game (and skipping the herb and hunting challenges).Combat is a lot of fun - in some ways more so than Batman - in others less:- better: difficulty does NOT go up as extremely with larger number of foes as with Batman - that makes it a whole lot more fun to take on large numbers of foes or to keep fighting continously for a longer time (e.g. inside a fortress on alert)- worse: much less special moves and gadgets- worse: less gadgets and relevant combat skills result in more repetitive fights, you get used to it and it loses some of its appeal.Less side missions and the ones that are there get boring quickly (how many slaves do you want to cut free?)Less content in general - it's like the outdoor map of Batman without ANY indoor levels at all and also no puzzles.GREAT storyGREAT voiceactingGood, funny and many side conversations from orcs that you can eaves-drop on (no reward value, just for entertainment)GREAT graphics (was very good already with old 570GTX but is awesome with 980)GREAT animations, esp. the large amount of combat finishing movesGREAT soundtrack and sound effectsLimited replay value (same as with Batman)All in all it does NOT achive the greatness of Batman but it doesn't need to as it stands firmly on its own feet, in my honest opinion.I just hope that the quite pricy Season pass will actually be worth something regarding future content and is not a ripoff - in general, the game and its story offers enough opportunities and room for expansions..."
,Recommended,241930,12306368,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Dorffasaurus,"The best installment of the batman series yet, however this new batman is a bit different and got rid of all his gadgets for kickass wraith powers and then fused with altair to climb all over walls. 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,12318718,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Swagonisc,gg
,Recommended,241930,12331904,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Tommy,I love the sound it makes when you cut peoples throats. 10/10
,Recommended,241930,12357136,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Feno,"Upon hearing about Shadow of Mordor, I was very concerned. With the revelation of the player character being invincible, I immediately wondered ""how will the game possibly be challenging? If the character can't die, and can't even take fall damage, how could this possibly be interesting?"" Turns out, you can die. You just don't stay dead. It's really nothing more than a story explanation for the character respawning. With that concern out of the way, time for the actual review.I was surprised by how much I enjoyed Shadow of Mordor. This is the first game in a very long time that I've felt compelled to 100% (the last being Dark Souls.) The combat system has been compared to Arkham Asylum, but I liken it more to Sleeping Dogs. Arkham and Sleeping Dogs' combat systems are similar, but the way counters work falls more in line with Sleeping Dogs to me, only lacking the context-sensitive KO's. What it lacks in KO's, though, it more than makes up in your repertoire of abilities. It never quite gets boring seeing an Uruk that has been giving you trouble for the last half-hour's head fly off as it lets out a cry of anguish mid-flight. Admittedly, though, I would have liked more dismemberment. It seems silly that with such a nice combat system and weapons flying all over the place that you can only decapitate enemies and not slice off a leg or an arm. Something like that would be easy to tie into...The Nemesis system. The much-praised system by which Orcs you encounter will remember what you've done to them. The classic example given is if you throw an orc onto a fire and they're burned, and they then become a captain, they will bring it up the next time they see you. It's a very remarkable system, but I can't help but wish it had been taken further. In a way I feel like I don't have to mention it because I'm sure there will be a sequel or something that improves upon it, but here goes anyways. With dismemberment like I mentioned earlier, imagine an Uruk encountering you, shouting their familiar ""MAN-SWINE!"" Only this one is missing their limb and it's been replaced with a makeshift wooden prosthetic. An orc you had chopped the leg off of had survived and is now seeking vengeance for having been left for dead. To me, that sounds way cooler, but as it stands the Nemesis system is a bit more basic than that. While it works, towards the end of the story I was beginning to tire of it. What seemed so complex at the start was beginning to show cracks that revealed a much simpler face underneath. Still very excited to see what could come of it, though.Speaking of the story, the story in Shadow of Mordor is... pretty forgettable. In fact, I've already nearly forgotten it just a day and a half after having beaten it. Many times even in-game when doing the story missions when ever back story for Tallion was brought up I'd catch myself saying in my head, ""Oh yeah, that's what this game was about."" Though I will say, the backstory of the elf (do I even need to abstain from saying his name? What ever, I will anyways) was quite interesting. It should probably be noted that a lot of diehard Tolkein fans are upset by what this game does concerning the lore. Admittedly I'm not the most well-versed when it comes to the Lore of Middle Earth so I can't comment on it, but it's worth noting.All-in-all Shadow of Mordor proved to be a surprisingly enjoyable experience whose repetitiveness was saved by a fun combat system, interesting world, and exciting (even if basic) Nemesis system, I'd highly recommend it for someone looking to kill a good 30-or-so hours, if you're willing to 100% it."
,Recommended,241930,12460420,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Iwizard,"A good addition to already wide Arda mythology, sequel is imminent"
76561198129992644,Recommended,241930,12473739,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,KitRae,cut heads off 10/10
76561197994992427,Recommended,241930,12307615,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Sergeant James Dunril,"That seriously was just five hours?I got home from work, and started to play this, and by the time I looked up from the gaming session, five hours had passed. I missed a few texts, phone calls..♥♥♥♥♥♥That says something about this game, it's a testament to openworld action RPGS. Shadow of Mordor delivers, and it delievers with a cold calculating punch that will leave you dazed for hours.Need I say more?"
76561198075430589,Recommended,241930,12309173,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Yamanu,"Nemesis system is awesome, combat is super refined, haven't encountered any bugs. Really well done optimization. Looks amazing. Voice acting is superb.Just buy it."
,Recommended,241930,12331502,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Allexio,"My last Lord of the Rings game before Shadow of Mordor was Battle for Middle Earth II, which was truly a great game, as such I had set my expectations rather high when I actually learned there would be another LOTR game. Well, there were a few bad ones, but with a franchise this epic, I believe it's shameful to manage to create a bad game.Anyways, did this game deliver?Yes and no.Let's start by the obvious things: the graphics. They aren't as good as they could have been. But I think that the bigger problem isnt really the gaphics but the fact that everywhere in the game looks exactly the same, and this makes the game feel a bit repetitive.The combat system is -as you've probably already heard by now- ripped off from the Arkham Series, but it's well implemented, so I cna forgive them that. The only REAL difference I see with Arkham is the setting and the ennemy variation. In arkham, you FEEL like you're in Arkham. Asylum or City. In SoM, you feel like you're in a barren wasteland. So that barren wasteland is mordor? fine! but make it interesting! by having more underground tunnels for example, maybe some huge underground areas, some forests on the outskirts perhaps? SOMETHING. But not just PLAIN barren wasteland!Another one of my problems with SoM is the lack of proper RPG customisation. I will say this now: I am NOT in ANY way satisfied by the current loot/upgrade system. Not only do 90% of the runes feel utterly useless (and I mean it). The only *real* upgradeable character trait is the health and the focus (which seems useless to upgrade).  There aren't any different weapons! you cannot customise the strength of a wepon, it's speed... you cannot for example have a bow that draws faster at the cost of a little damage or maybe some kind of increased bullet drop or some slower velocity. you cannot change your dagger, or your sword, to for example, do less damage to a single enemy but have a multiplier when you strike against multiple foes at once. So, YES, I find this system lacking.The only RPG part this game seems to have done well is the ability section, which is indeed pretty sweet.The nemesis system is good. Really good. but it is to me the only thing holding me from stopping playing this repetitive game after 10 hours of gameplay. Which is REALLY low. Especially for an open world game.The enemy diversity is poor which adds to the repetitiveness of the game. There were probably 10.000+ ways to implement actual human enemies in this game so why the heck was it not done? There could've been some kind of poliltical intrigue or perhaps some human traitors who would defect to the dark lord. Why is there nothing like this at all?Or maybe for example there couldve been at least one bastion of humanity remaining on the map like a lone fortress in the middle of enemy territory that you could choose to defend or attack. Maybe Erin (or whatever that deserter's wife is called) couldve been caught by rangers  and held hostage to bring out the deserter. I don't know.Anyways, my point is, this game lacks originality. It certainly has a GREAT combat system (even if it's not innovative) and a great gameplay in general thanks to the nemesis system, but due to it's constant repetitiveness in enemies and landscape, this game honestly doesn't deserve more than 7/10. It could've been better, it could've been worse, but this game is NOT perfect or even excellent.PS: This game has a major bug which makes enemies repop for NO reason in less than a minute should you move away a bit. this HAS to be fixed, as it is annoying to clear all the enies in a stronghold only to find out that when you attack the captain residing there, all of them have already respawned. this is very problematic and once again NEEDS to be fixed."
76561198071071290,Recommended,241930,12341135,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,I did not kill Darnell Simmons,"♥♥♥♥ing brilliant. One of the best games I've ever played, because it combines all the cool things about other series.10/10"
,Recommended,241930,12357116,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Sir Xoranes,7/10-1 Lost My Savefile after Playing for 9 Hours- Controlls are Kinda Bad- Almost 0 Tutorial.Still it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome you should buy it.
76561198094334997,Recommended,241930,12308177,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Fred,♥♥♥♥♥♥sik
,Recommended,241930,12443191,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,scrungusbungus,I stabbed an Uruk in the face and then tore off his face10/10Would stab Uruk again
,Not Recommended,241930,16686147,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MistaCheez,"Holy crap.I have two major complaints:1) Why can't the bad guys just have a health bar that you slowly deplete till they die? Why is it necessary for them to go down and then I have to do a cutscene, that can't be done in the middle of battle (or that easily), to cut their neck or whatever? I just want to hit them a few times and they die, is it that hard? When I've got 7 or 8 guys around me, I can't go around slitting everybody's throats as they die, and then they just get back up! WTF!?2) Why can't I drop off of a wall? Why can't I jjust press Left Ctrl and drop off what i'm hanging on? I have to jump outside the building just to get to the floor below me because I can't jump down without jumping onto another ledge. And good luck trying to climb DOWN a wall, the game wasn't designed for that."
,Not Recommended,241930,21733118,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ApocNizmith,"WHAT IN THE ACTUAL ****?!?!? HOW IN THE HELL DID THIS TRASH MAKE GOTY?!?! TELL ME HOW?!?!? The mechaincs of this over budget, over hyped, slogfest through a world riddled by unskippable cutscenes, slow motion kill scenes is basically mash buttons, spam spacebar to be immortal, and commit orc genocide in the search of vengeance.""Talion you are cursed""""How?""""With the curse of overly simplified game mechanics combined with hours of lore breaking, mindnumbingly boring unskippable cutscenes and filler...""""NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!""I guess the bigest hype was something they call the ""nemesis system""? Um if you are any good at this game AT ALL you will never activate it, because anything that you could hold a grudge against is dead, and as I stated before ""Press spacebar to win"" mechanic combined with the inability to set this game to a higher difficulty setting to make it have some form of challenge basically makes it a repeatitive grind fest...Story is well voiced, but Tolkien woul roll in his grave seeing this trash...If you insist on hack an slash games that are to easy, play this garbage and FFS WAIT FOR A SALE!-60/10 - would rather break bricks with my flacid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥than play this trash again..."
76561198276615169,Recommended,241930,21745675,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,akimot25,Just amazing.
,Not Recommended,241930,18754422,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,♥ Daddy ♥,repetitive and the AI is rubbish they don't see you 20ft away or while killing urks next to them
,Not Recommended,241930,19405094,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Geeky Anomaly,Terrible combat mechanics that speed up and slow down without warning; breaking flow.  Clunky interface.  Feels like a console port. Trope-fueled revenge plot lacking depth.  Doesn't feel like Lord of the Rings at all...feels more like Game of Thrones.  Refunded.
,Recommended,241930,12322762,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Arktos,"A very cool mix of stealth and combat. Though a bit of a button-masher, you learn abilities over time, so you're not overwhelmed at the start. The idea of orc captains as bosses works brilliantly and it was wonderful how many variations there are in terms of how they look and act. So much so, you recognize your nemisis instantly.If you like games like Thief or Dishonored, you will like Shadow of Mordor. This is the first pre-purchase I ever made that lived up to my hopes."
,Recommended,241930,23870303,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,poisonsoup,the resolution is the only problem of this game.set the video setting to borderless if your screen resolution is not supported.
,Recommended,241930,24120300,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,APENOX | BUSY AS SHIT,Excellent Game!!
76561197970387541,Recommended,241930,12322255,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Eudial,"This is where I wished steamed used a numbered rating system rather than underwhelming recommendation system.While I would recommend this game I don't think I would say that it gives us anything we haven't seen before.     What we are given is semi opened ended world that combines both the positive and negative aspects of the Batman Arkham Games and The Assassins Creed Franchise, more so on the later.Graphics: Beautiful, Fluid, highly detailed.  You will need a powerful PC to run it at optimal levels and it shows. I'm able to play at High Textures, at 1920*1080, with all of the other bells and whistles turned on.  I was very surprised to see that there was little to no slow down, and I average between 60-70FPS.     Even when I'm being mobbed by dozens of Uruks.Controls: These are a mixed back, at times I noticed a delay when timing moves that caused me to break my chair. This was most noticeable during the terrible quick time events used to prevent death.Gameplay: If you are a fan of the Assassin Creed Franchise then you will like this game.  There are two large areas to explore, the second isn't unlocked until after a major story event.  You're basically allowed to explore the first area as you see fit, completing either the story or the side missions.   This is nothing revolutionary and plays like any other modern game using a linear mission style structure.Other than the nemesis system the game is basically a wash and repeat pattern that plagues the other games in this Genre.  So far the Story missions are go here and Kill X, or Escort this person until you're told to kill something.    The side missions focus on Swordplay, Archery, or Steath and serve as a mini turiorals and challanges.  Personnally, if there isn't a worthwhile reward at the end of these types of quests I seldom finish them.  There's also the standard hunt the relic, or hunt the magic symbol, finding these unlocks more back story to Mordor. (Some of this is Trivial, but your companion will make some hilarious, smarmy comment.)After first I was impressed with the Nemesis system, conceptually it’s a good idea.  However, it’s really just the games mechanic to drop you power ups and recycle mini bosses so you constantly have something to do.  The bosses will give you more power up points as they grow in power, but it doesn’t seem to have a meaningful impact on the game world. The Relic that they drop, range from useless to awesome.  After getting into the groove of the game play, I found myself only using a certain type that augments my type of play style. (So purpose served I guess).Plot: I haven't finished the main story quest yet, but it’s mostly interesting, and not terrible.    I enjoyed the background on Mordor and it was nice to play through a story that was a retread of the Books/Movies.   The game takes places before the events of the LoTR Trilogy but after the Hobbit.  I have no idea if this fits into cannon or not.  You play as Talion, a murdered ranger cursed by the power of Sauron with undeath.  Fortunately, you partner up with a vengeful wraith where you can go and commit your own violent revenge.  Again, nothing really new.Challenge: Overall the game isn't hard, there's a ton of handholding even well into the second act.  Once you start unlocking the warp points the map just shows you where all the collectable are so there isn't a big need to explore.At first combat seems hard, but if you played any of the Batman Arkham games you'll bit it up pretty fast.  And once you start unlocking the ghost powers, it gets even easier.  (Wraith Strike is very, very, very op).Tip: If you are having a hard time killing Warchiefs save up for the Sword Upgrade that costs 2500. This gives you a rage meter and once it’s full you can chain executions until it runs off. It basically gives you a “win” button.The game designers also went with what I consider the laziest way to add challenge, by simply making the Captains/Chieftains immune to certain tactics.  If they hadn't done that the game would have been too easy.  The AI is terrible, in the middle of a battle you can run away, get on a ledge, and as long as the LOS remains broken the AI forgets where you are.  Even if they just watched you climb the wall, stop moving, and then ambush on them over and over from the same spot.Again, if you have played any of the Assassins Creed games you will be familiar with this tactic.Tip: If you find yourself dying a lot, it's because you are trying to take on too many monsters at one time.  Talion is very, very, squishy at the start of the game. Use hit and run tactics until you've powered up.Overall:  Meh, Not a bad game, but it's nothing new. If you are hesitating to make the purchase, wait until the GoTY Edition is released.   It’s one of those games you’ll finish once and never play again.I strongly recommend that you play this using either a PS3 or XBOX controller.Final Scores:Graphics: 10/10Controls: 8/10Challenge: 5/10Pros: Graphics, Coherent Story Line. Acting is well done. Combat is nearly a rip off of the Arkham Games.Cons: Too much like Assassins Creed. Finicky Quick Time Events."
76561198024518601,Not Recommended,241930,35278525,Posted: 28 September,all,No Fun Allowed,"Although the game looks attractive, Shadows of Mordor is too easy, and too short in regards to the main story.I wish there wasn't a leveling limit for the orcs, at least at that point, I would feel a sense of danger when im surrounded. If you're looking for a hack-and-slash with nice looking cinematics, and forgiving combat, look no further. If you want more of a challenge, this isn't it."
76561198035380665,Recommended,241930,35375419,Posted: 1 October,all,аутизм,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░███████░░░░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒█░░░██▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███░░░░░█▒▒▒█░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█████████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░█▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░████████████░░░█████████████████
,Not Recommended,241930,17132487,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Big Dicky,Not much story at all. It is very repetitive and most of the game is slaughtering orcs and their captains/warchiefs. If you want an open-world game with 100% player freedom this is the game for you. I wouldn't pay $40-$60 for this.
,Recommended,241930,17266124,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Uranium_Roc,This game is Awesome!!!
,Not Recommended,241930,15561895,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Colonel Nico,"This game starts out really good, but gets boring extremely quickly. There isn't that much to do, the nemesis system whilst fun for a while turns out to just be a huge novelty. Combat is extremely lackluster, and that isn't a good thing because that's what you're doing 90% of the time. If you've played AC, it's basically the same thing."
76561198058828212,Recommended,241930,17552269,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Valentine,"If you want a not♥♥♥♥♥♥version of assassins creek that based in the LOTR world then this is the game for you.  Although I have to say its ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t when a captain is Invulnerable to Stealth, Invulnerable to Ranged, and has Combat Master.So frustrating."
76561198291341550,Not Recommended,241930,34116569,Posted: 8 August,all,where is my super suit,♥♥♥♥ wb for adding microtransactions in shadow of war... in the ♥♥♥♥ing single player campaign!!!!!
,Recommended,241930,25576608,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,N7 Spectre,"""I love seeing an enemy fall with an arrow in his eye socket.""*Dies by an arrow to the eye*10/10 would be ironic again."
,Recommended,241930,15565316,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,_deadz,The person that came with the idea to combine LOTR with Assassins Creed should be honoured for ever!
76561198100295217,Recommended,241930,33285759,Posted: 5 July,all,Master Yi,Great Timewaster Highly Recommend!
76561198030980450,Recommended,241930,17367272,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Tallestdavid,plays well. good story and gameplay. :)
76561198011960754,Recommended,241930,12437703,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,agosparti,"I have been playing Middle-Earth: Shadow of Morder I think it is a good addition to the Tolkien Universe the game is setbetween The Hobbit & the Lord of The Rings.Characters. 8 out of 10The player will be playing as Tallion and then he merged with a Elf Lord Called Celebrimbor now turned into a wraith.Story.8 out of 10Tallion is hunting to avenge the death of his wife and son,He sets out to hunt down the Black Hand of Sauron.They main missions takes over 7 to 10 hours to complete but it depends on the players themselves.Gameplay. 8 out of 10I had so much fun playing with the wraith powers of Tallion,The Combat of the game was very well done & so was the nemesis system.The players could go into the shadow world which was cool to see in-game.My final review of this game is 9.2 out 10do yourself a favor please get this game.agosparti"
76561198029326261,Recommended,241930,18077653,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Mr Majestic,"A dark and terrible vow crossed my lips that cursed me into a shadow on the day I set forth to avenge my slain family!-....mind you, I forgot all about my wife and brat the moment I was cut down by some mid-level orc thug scoring a lucky hit. I spent the entirety of my playing hours hunting down him and his jeering buddies, repeatedly stabbing them in the neck for having taunted me.I'm still the Angel of Vengeance in Middle Earth... just of petty revenge and slights.Yep. I'm Sauron's body with Golem's mind."
,Recommended,241930,18831782,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Senior Kropotkin,Mounts can climb buildings.100/10
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,241930,16888689,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Scribbles,"This game is incredibly boring. The combat is just simplistic button-mashing. It makes Diablo 3 look complex. I expected, at least, some kind of enjoyment in the orc rank progression, but the instant I saw how totally shallow it was I figured out to what sort of person this game is meant to appeal.If you like games that are basically Summer action movies where you click one button over and over again, this is for you."
,Recommended,241930,12366083,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Jackal'D,"9/10 GOTY, nearly perfect, the story is just lacking slightly."
,Recommended,241930,28568917,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Andraas,"This game is amazing and currently one of my all time favorites.From cool movement to amazing takedowns, this game has it all.This is a really good singleplayer story, i really recommend this game! ;)"
,Recommended,241930,28158013,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Raggie,7/10 enjoyable but not the best
,Recommended,241930,30462994,Posted: 11 March,all,Nebbyyyyy~,"You play as a Chicken, Uruks chase u down like fighting for a chicken piece, but never know that ur an angry chicken."
76561198039071782,Recommended,241930,12443522,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Dord,unbeleiveable game that is it . first ever review written on steam and this game needs no introduction honestly that good! if you have been suffering through the lack of good games lately then this will be a breath of fresh air! feel free to message or add me if you think otherwise haha have fun!
,Recommended,241930,12322103,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Notacching,I recommed this its because its base on the lord of the ring and its look like assasincreed?!
76561198049575899,Recommended,241930,12322175,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Bassy,10/10
76561197967251101,Recommended,241930,12322177,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Molay,Must buy.Enough said.Go kill some orcs already!
,Recommended,241930,13277516,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Kerth,"A Fun Side Story To The Lotr Mythos ,A Controller Is A Must,The DLC Is Not Worth It"
76561198051515185,Recommended,241930,23393803,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Omnominus,"Incredibly well done. Gets really addicting, jumping around and killing orcs left and right."
76561197998391741,Recommended,241930,13001696,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TinyTim,Fresh
76561198117952775,Recommended,241930,13017852,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,CS:GO Giveaways/Raffles! bot,its a little less then what i expected but its amazing and i definetely recommend this game
76561198064261609,Recommended,241930,21328264,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Radioactive,"The Batman Game the PC deserves, but not the one it expected."
76561197986991105,Recommended,241930,12321984,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Dagoth Nick,Best entry in the Orcs Must Die franchise yet!
,Recommended,241930,24989373,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,GrimRose0,"This Game. Is my life. Crazy fun on all levels. Wish they make a sequal. This kinda game is exactly what my gameing lust desires. Masterpiece. I can't think of a bad thing to say execpt how the skills worked in the Brish Lords DLC but I understood why they did what they did, wish there were more skills and verieties of enemies <not includeing captains, etc. That is the masterpiece part.> Because 4 types of combat orcs is very limited where are probly way more styles of them. Other then those two things, id say this is a jack of all trades master edition ha! I would sujest this game to even the people who wouldent normaly enjoy these types of games. Oh and before I forget, the thing that bugged me the most <yet small> was the fact that in bright lord you could have body guards but in the origional you couldent. Other then that, it is awsome."
76561197982057486,Recommended,241930,27166888,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Revan,Feels like classic assassin's creed. Great gameplay and makes you feel very powerful without feeling too easy
76561197966105913,Recommended,241930,15843272,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Revixy,"I'm no fan of Lord of The Rings, nor The Hobbit.but damn this game blew my mind way back when it came out.9.4/10."
76561197970667433,Not Recommended,241930,14194001,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GunMonkey,"maybe i have attention deficit disorder, this is one of those games you can describe like this:""WOW what an amazing concept!""""WOW the graphics are beautiful""""WOW the combat is neat""""wow the combat is neat""""wow the first 500 times was ok""""nothing has changed in 1000 battles""""im tired of this, were is the story""""am i still killing orcs in the same exact way as the last 2000?""""oh ya that game, i started playing it but after doing the same exact thing 3000 times with nothing changing i gave up"""
,Recommended,241930,12619498,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,A Fascist Cruz,is gud
76561198106266640,Recommended,241930,13689622,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Doing hte big think,Excellent
,Recommended,241930,13692599,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kylie Ren,3/10 Perfect immersive lands and good Arkham style gameplay. Would touch butts with orcs again.
,Recommended,241930,21107995,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,HerrDamon,"Middle-earth™: Shadow of Mordor™ has been a great game for me, having a lot of fun wrapped in its endless story and combat.ProsThis game has a great story line and diverse characters. Making this game a good game with a great and expansive strory.The games graphics are very well done and clean, require a somewhat ""good"" computer for the best graphics.The game has a wonderful design, the Orcs and there dynamic abilites and traits that you have to kill or dominate them.The combat has real life affects and swings, showing how light on there feet your character is.ConsThe game has been updated with some of the more brutal fighting has been taken out, like decapatation, being completely removed. This makes the game seem a bit odd, showing the animation of your character going though the neck of an Orc but the head never comes of just spewing globs of black orc blood.This game is still great even though the gore has been cut back on, it is a great game and anyone that is in to the Hobbit, Lord of the Rings or anything relating to that series I highly recommend this game for you!"
76561198045584939,Recommended,241930,23411612,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Titwank Buggernuts,5/10 too much water
,Not Recommended,241930,24358416,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Kekistani Refugee,"Rather dissapointing. Not very in-depth, not what it seems to be cut out to be. The game basically falls flat on its face right off the bat, basically being a less entertaining assassins creed but in mordor... the story is weak, the setting doesn't change, no matter how many orcs you kill or slaves you free, and all in all wasn't even worth the sale price. Not even going to mention that the combat is basically just left click until the thing you auto-aimed at dies, with an occasional right click to block a pitiful attempt to save themselves. Don't even buy it, its really not that good. Given that Warner Bros paid off a lot of people to say nice things about this game, I would put even less stock into the ""positive"" reviews for this game. Just don't buy this game, let it die on it's own."
,Recommended,241930,22907092,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Bill Door,Good fun.  Lots of new lore.  Not really like Assassin's Creed the parkour is very limited.  Doesn't matter.  Good fun
,Recommended,241930,16194878,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,EXO,I really enjoyed this game. The inclusion of lore from the LotR series was very well done.
,Recommended,241930,13820039,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Summanis,"Great game, crashes frequently"
76561198064053984,Recommended,241930,12466981,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Dyl Pickle,Amazing. No other words can describe this game.
,Recommended,241930,12365177,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,RoanokeIsReal1587,"It's better Arkham Combat with Assassin's Creed elements. And you can be a spooky ghost. If you like killing orcs, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,241930,12355525,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Fat Boo Bear,It's the best LOTR themed game ever made.  Believe the hype!
,Recommended,241930,12367345,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,DrizzintahL,"10/10.  Only things I don't like about this game are nit-picky.  Some of the interaction could be smoother, but I've never seen a game so close to perfect in terms of player-enemy-environment interaction with grapples, dodge, counter style combat.Aside from that, the Nemesis system keeps everything fresh.  Something I never heard about in reviews, you'll be notified when a Captian is nearby that killed one of your Steam friends, enabling you to get some revenge and bonus EXP for it.  The random rune drop system is great, go slaughter captains for a few hours to truly customize your Ranger.  I've spent a long time on it and I feel I've only scratched the surface.Don't B-Line the main story and ignore the rest, there are very interesting interactions with the Nemesis sytem.  I attacked a Warchief and he had a Bodygaurd, so I one-shot the Body Guard with a fully charged  headshot from the bow, and then killed the Warchief.  A few hours later, the SAME bodygaurd shows up with a deformed face and his dialogue was, ""You really should've checked me, that arrow didn't kill me, ... yada yada"" and he was back.  Intesnse!  Never seen a system so well done like this.Highly recommended, even if you don't care for third person ""Target combat"" like Batman / AC, it's quite enjoyable.Also I give it 10/10 for PC port, runs flawlessly.  Lightyears ahead of most major titles that get ported to PC.  Controls are perfect, not once did it say, ""Please press Start"" or♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.  Graphics are great, smooth gameplay, ect."
76561198065151047,Recommended,241930,12322044,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,zC.Fero,Amazing game!
,Recommended,241930,13036264,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Apollo,"PROS:Awesome Smooth CombatGreat Story and CharactersVery ImmersiveGreat PortNemesis System adds endless replayabilityVisually StunningCONS:Dull Boss BattlesOverview:Middle Earth Shadow Of Mordor is one of my favorite open world games I have played. From taking out Warchiefs using the Nemesis System, to hunting Graugs and Caragors, there is always something to do. A must buy for fans of the LOTR"
76561198148411582,Recommended,241930,18863549,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,HYENA,one of the best game ever!!!!
76561198032121944,Recommended,241930,12975449,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Medieval Man,Great Game!
,Recommended,241930,12458064,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,moretolove,Great game the branding is really fun
76561198054710922,Recommended,241930,12319935,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Heial,This is one of the best games out this year. GET this furking game dude haly shiat.
76561198101812162,Recommended,241930,12315371,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Tommyliminus,"So a lot of people see this as simply Batman Arkham City with swords or Assassins Creed 456 or whatever and yes the inspirations are clear, however this fantastic game has merits of its own. The Nemisis system is one the most incredible and horrifically annoying enemy AI systems I've seen, being killed by simple orc is disheartening but then to see that character thrive and climb up in the Uruk hirachy is a fantastic thing to see, and after you've died to it like another 6 times and it is the most powerful enemy in the game you kill the little b****** for ruining the last 4 hours of your life :') The graphics are smooth and look great, there's no FPS limit which is an unusual (and positive) change, the combat is everybit as fluid as the Arkham series however the brutality of the fighting rivals gore relishing titles such as the Mortal Kombat series. I have to admit there's little as satisfying as brutally stabbing a Uruk Captain in the throat before beheading him and watching the blood splatter. On the otherhand the two maps are small in comparison to the Arkham or AC series and the story while very well wrote and voice acted feels too short for a single player story driven campaign. Overall though it is fantastic.Pros-Good/Great Graphics.Maps feel fun to explore.Combat rivals or even exceeds that of the the Batman Arkham series.The Nemesis system is just so well thought out.Very well voice acted and written.It's LOTR/Hobbit so the amount of Lore is very good.Cons-Maps are smallish (However their compactness does mean that everything feels polished and well done).Story is too short for the game genre.Rat Bag dies and that was just bulls*** because Rat Bag the coward is one of the best things about the game early on."
76561198035020669,Recommended,241930,12506455,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Agnotheos,Just buy it.
76561197996806980,Recommended,241930,12432845,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Rodja,Best LOTR lore game I've ever played.
76561198117967199,Recommended,241930,13481269,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,aaron,!
76561198015331010,Recommended,241930,14013940,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,p1t312,Game of the Year 2014
,Recommended,241930,14017518,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ErniePenn,It's a very good game
,Recommended,241930,13843526,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,DcDanger,just finished the game it is epic a bit hard a times but overall it is a good game 9/10
,Recommended,241930,12326835,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Mooper,nice game
,Recommended,241930,12490677,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tiquor,"This is hands down the best action/fighting game I've ever played. Simple as that. The story is engaging, but not riveting, but the nemesis and captain system is completely awesome. That really makes this game go from above average to excellent. Also, it may be minor for some, but someone clearly paid attention to the control scheme."
,Recommended,241930,13635462,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,iPoopDemon,BUY IT..... NO REGRET.. ITS AN ORDERRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO ITTTTTTTTTTTT!
,Recommended,241930,13631139,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kelthor,It's the game of the year.
76561198039150735,Recommended,241930,12442259,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Girly Charm,Super Salad
76561198073096621,Recommended,241930,12384480,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Bell Bottom Blues,"From what I've played, it seems like a really fun game with batman style combat. The graphics are great but not groundbreaking, and you'll need a decent graphics card to play this game on medium to high settings. The combat and nemesis/branding system are definetely the highlights of this game - which is good seeing as the whole game is about killing orcs in one way or the other. I can see this game getting a bit repetitive over time, however the combat is really diverse in that you have a lot of cool moves you can pull off. It's fairly gory in terms of finishing moves and has a lot of awesome slow motion decapation's and other finishers. This combined with the amazing voice acting, really great sound and a nice enviroment all make this a really immersive game.The story line is pretty decent too (however I wont go into detail of the storyline due to spoilers).What makes this game unique from a lot of games is what happens when you die. When you die, the orc that killed you powers up, maybe gets promoted and will remember you next time you come across him. Alongside that any orc's who were around with him might also be powered up and put into a position of power as they have survived your attack and helped kill you. This makes the game a lot harder and a lot more fun, as they acknowledge your death rather than ignoring it like nothing ever happened. My only real issue with this game is a) the repetitiveness and b)How many orc captains show up when you go into a fight. You fight say 4 orcs inside a small camp and suddenly there are around 30 orcs swarming you with about 5 captains.  Other than that it's a really fun game, with a lot of of content. There are sidemissions (which are optional) that can effect the orc army. For example say a lesser captain challenges a warchief to a duel. You have the option to go there and intervene, by either helping the captain's duel or by killing both of them - creating a powerstruggle... or you could just let it resolve itself!The branding system: This is actually a really awesome system in the game and I really like it. Basically you can ""brand"" an orc, and they will fight for you basically. However, it create a whole new possibility for strategy. For example, say you brand the orc who is the bodyguard to a warchief, you can tell him to try backstab the warchief (although the success rate wouldnt be to high as the warchief is more powerful), you can tell him to deliver a message to the warchief - spreading your fearful reputation, or when you go fight the warchief, you can tell your ""minion"" to backstab him (inflicting some damage but not killing him) so that he'll be weak for you to finish off. Aside from that any orcs under the command of the orc that you branded will also fight for you.You can also interrogate orcs and orc captains that you find to find out weaknesses about the captain you are trying to hunt. For example, one captain might be invunurable to ranged attacks but can be brought down with a stealth finisher. This adds a tactial approach for those who want it.8/10 (sorry if I made any grammatical or spelling mistakes)(really really minor spoiler below that's part of the review if you want to read it)There are 2 different maps in which you can explore, and both are fairly large, yet small enough to not be wondering around for ages (theres fast travel too which helps). The first one is quite dull seeing as its ruins but thankfully the second map is quite green and colourful."
76561198053006711,Recommended,241930,12325662,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Lemme smash,"Great game, havent played many hours yet but can already tell i will be spending alot of time with talion..."
76561198080445522,Not Recommended,241930,15044926,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,dlapierre35,"No story (if you compare with : The witcher, dragon age etc) verry complicate battle system and hard to play on pc with mouse and keyboard. Verry disapoiting for me.......The first 30 minutes of the game are by far the best.... after ?.... well you just repeat the same thing over and over again !"
,Recommended,241930,13352576,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mr Hayes/Haze,10/10
76561198022486744,Recommended,241930,13286422,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Yee,BAD GAME DO NOT PLAY SUCKS BALLS 5/5
76561198067511478,Recommended,241930,12590607,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Sloppy McFloppy,Great game for those who want to play in the action/open world genre but just aren't the best at them. Shadow of Mordor is an easy and emotionally fulfilling game with a little bit challenge dotted here and there. On of the best games I've played in a while.
,Recommended,241930,13022612,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,DeadRage,"This game is pretty sweet.  It can be a bit confusing at first but the fighting is so good that nothing else matters.  I loved the batman series but i thought it was way too easy, almost like button mashing, this game takes that fighting style but adds the difficulty that batman games never had.  This is a must have in my opinion."
,Recommended,241930,12400142,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,fVroot.Loop,Best gamer this year so far. Without a doubt.
76561197993706088,Recommended,241930,12375964,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Dance Commander,Orc Stabbing Simulator5/5 Would stab again.
,Recommended,241930,12448260,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Dragonix,"Excellent game!!!!  So much fun in this game!  If you enjoy played games such as Batman: Arkham Aslyum and Assassin's Creed.  This is the game for you!Not only that, if you love The Lords of the Ring lore, all the more reason to buy the game!"
76561198116866397,Recommended,241930,13354191,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,edmek55555,"First things first, do I recommend this game? Absolutely. The reason why lies in its simplicity. Its what other games could have been but lost sight of. This game gives you great combat, some cool abilities, a bit of stealth, and tops it with an orc hierarchy system that you can control with enough effort.This game doesn't send you on escort missions you dont wanna do. You dont need to jump through aggravating hoops to get into the action. This game lets you slaughter orcs to your hearts content and doesn't put restraints on you which is very rare for games anymore.It has the free flow combat of batman, the stealth action of assassins creed, and none of the restraints of either. Definitely a must play"
,Recommended,241930,12634147,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Halfprice199,"Do you like Ancient dead elf Wraiths, Rangers of The Black Gate, big black scary captains, ugly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uruk warchiefs and ♥♥♥♥ed up little creatures with weird ring obsessions!?If your answer was no you have issues.Lol, ""ring obsessions"""
76561198066435824,Recommended,241930,30287748,Posted: 2 March,all,Shoyugun,"Its pretty much Arkham City Meets Assassins Creed.I am not a huge fan of the combat in the batman games, But I think that this one is a little harder.Its prettyBad ending, still fun"
,Recommended,241930,25916591,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,BroDator,10/10 I'm a fanboy of LOTR series.No comment how the game was.
76561198057999739,Recommended,241930,13107335,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Brent,Batman with swords 10/10
76561198029432558,Not Recommended,241930,18722245,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Chief Veggie,There is so much♥♥♥♥♥♥to do and yet I dont want to do it. It is incredible boring.  Have the DLC's and looking at how much work there is to be done I deleted the game.
,Recommended,241930,12392634,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,2K9CON,Brilliant game!
76561198065003642,Recommended,241930,15146574,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,╰Ɲ╮FlaminAssJuice,"This was an exciting action pact game with an interesting story, beautiful graphics and combat system you can't get tired of. The nemesis system is innovative and interesting, I actually felt differet emtions to the different Uruk captains, for example I was consntantly being hunted by an Uruk named Torz, I defeated him in my first confrontation by throwing him into a fire, he managed to escape and later returned as Torz the Ragged with a bandage across his face and burn marks across on his body. I was deeply impressed how the Uruks adapted after confrontations and how they fight eachother to rise in power for Sauron. In conclusion the game was smooth with no bugs or glitches, however I was quite dissapointed with how short the main story was and the finale of the story. SPOILER ALERT The boss battle against The Hammer was really fun and it involved what i am going to call a pure combat battle where you were controlling Talion as you would against any Uruk and from that I was really excited and looking forward to the confrontation with The Tower and The Black hand himself because I knew it would be a tough fight that would require a couple of attempts and strategy. When I got to the boss battle with The Tower I was dissapointed because the fight required you to sneak up to The Tower and stealth brand him, it took me about 5 stealth brands to finally beat him and it was so boring because he didn't even attempt to attack me or find me, he just teleported and stood in the same position turning is head a few times waiting for me to brand him. It felt like the develepors were trying to differentiate the boss battles rather than having pure combat. The boss battle with The Black Hand was a huge let down, the build up was awesome but the boss battle involved a few seconds of quick time events...........yes, quick.....time.....events, I don't think I need to explain what the problem with that is."
,Recommended,241930,13956226,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[GxR]MasteR  ZerO,Great Game and lots of stuff to do after you have completed it.
,Recommended,241930,12519962,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,くそいぬ,"This game is tha BOMM! i am a massive fan to the LOTR stories, this merges in quite nicely too."
,Recommended,241930,18990301,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,DonAndres,The game is soooo awesome. If u enjoy batman arkham battle combat and assassin creed stealth u will enjoy this game like crazy especially if u love or watch lord of the ring or hobbit.
76561198083153919,Recommended,241930,13373756,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,nutellavela,"Tippy top game. Similar to the Arkham series or Assassin's Creed, plus LOTR. 9/10"
76561198071283608,Recommended,241930,16219994,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dingodile,Currently not very far into this game but despite this the game if very enjoyable prviding a welath of quests. In addition the combat plays very similar to batman Arkham Asylum which another great game. Currently loving this game!
76561197979623298,Recommended,241930,18132992,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,AllenBrooks,"Assassin's Creed and Batman's baby? Yes, please! Even though I don't really care about the movies or books, the game is compelling and awesome."
,Recommended,241930,22796213,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mistry,"I was GOnna Write a long and comblicated review, going in-depth on the game mechanics and The nemesis system. But Some uruks need dominating. so yeah if that doesnt say something. i dont know what does"
,Recommended,241930,25582788,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Liquor™,Talion? More like TTTTTTTTOURETTES. ♥♥♥♥in' controls
,Recommended,241930,13874534,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jizanthapus,"Oh wow.A really good game. Probably my favorite of the year. It has all the good parts of Batman Arkham City and Assassin's Creed put into one game. Hunting down the Captains in Sauron's army that keep messing with you and killing you really immerses you, and you get a real feel of vengeance and retribution come over you when you find them.Combat is great, in some areas it's even more fluid than Arkham City and other fighting games similar to it. The upgrades in this game are truly useful and will help you no matter what. Sometimes in games when I choose an upgrade, I pick one just to get it over with. This game, when I have 1 point available to spend I feel like a kid in a candy shop. Everything is useful.Graphics are very nice too, as is voice acting, especially the voice of The Wraith.The game would require you to have some understanding of the Middle Earth lore. But then again there are plenty of people who buy the game just to kill things, and that aspect of the game is stellar, so I guess it works out for everybody.10/10 Buy it. Even if you're Japanese, buy it."
,Recommended,241930,29837939,Posted: 10 February,all,Spooks,7/10
,Recommended,241930,18131838,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Kaisendon #notplaying,"You can vault over big burly Uruks while you cant vault over 1 Uruk Archer Captain 100/10 best logicOther than that, Graphics are good and storyline is not ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Would buy this game again and again if im rich"
76561198147771930,Recommended,241930,18133270,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Strife,Similar to Assassin's Creed. Both great games.
,Recommended,241930,18134330,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,StrokeMan,Easliy one of the best games to hit Linux
,Recommended,241930,12487207,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,cum,"Golf is very boring to watch, not enough touchdowns or strikes. thats why i rate Middle Earth: Battle over the Atlantic, 6/10.Game of the year."
,Recommended,241930,21817012,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Commend Me Please,Nice aaaa
,Recommended,241930,21754894,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Kaiser Pÿ,Muito Bom !!!
76561198053580312,Recommended,241930,21646822,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,br3n1,great
76561198094943447,Recommended,241930,12435596,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Katrinala23,"Amazing game, would recommend to anyone and everyone"
76561198142395485,Recommended,241930,30584246,Posted: 17 March,all,PokeMaster_Zed,"This Game gave me an experience you rarely get from games based on movies. Great story, Great Content, Lots of Orc Beheadings!!!!!!"
,Recommended,241930,30588266,Posted: 18 March,all,Pommy,nice game!!!
,Not Recommended,241930,18798387,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Sp0oky F1sh,"One word: uninspired.- Found the gameplay to be a mix between Assassin's Creed and the Arkham games, which always bored me. There's very little need for tactical approaches.- The graphics are terrible for the hardware requirements, and I'm running an i7-3770k @ 4.3ghz with two GTX 980's in SLI.- The AI is terrible. You can sneak up way too easily behind enemies without having to actually try and the only thing they know how to do is swarm you, which still isn't a big deal because countering is easy to pull off.- Didn't care about the characters or what was going on for the most part (I'm a huge LOTR fan btw).- The most entertaining/interesting thing I found was reading the lore."
,Recommended,241930,18819340,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Nykez,"I haven't took the time to actually get away from mmo's and all that since AC3. I bought this game simply for the fact I love LOTR and it was on sale.The game is amazing, if it only had mulitplayer.For anyone who loves AC3 and LOTR this is the game for you.The combat is very hard, its more a 100% stealth game. Fighting one Uruk will yelid you fighting 10 more so be prepared.9.5/10"
76561198054848675,Recommended,241930,14217927,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,PurpleZebra,Shut up and take my money.Top Kek 11/10
,Recommended,241930,17183045,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Sheogorath,Gr8 gm plz by gm iz gr8
76561198032344731,Recommended,241930,12363104,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Macedawg(RLTW),"This game has quite the combat system , and is open-world , which makes the gamer have some freedom in the game , the story line was quite something , just didn't like how short it was , but definately a game to take a look at !"
76561197992670316,Recommended,241930,30573171,Posted: 17 March,all,Fireball,"After the announcement of ""Shadow of War"" I thought it's time for a revisit. No dissapointment at all... The story of Talion in a world of grunting and grotesque Uruk-hai fits good for Tolkien's universe. The Nemesis system is a unique idea, building up an orc army supports this way. But at some point, I have to be honestly, there's some repetition, you will feel: ""Hey, I did that 5x times ago!"" At this point I experiment with different playstyles and runes, try to be sneaky, going full mayhem or roaming around. At the end a very good Middle-earth game, can't wait for ""Shadow of War""."
,Recommended,241930,30576359,Posted: 17 March,all,Tallik™,"This game is really an Hack and Slash you go around killing Uruks (Orcs) and kill captains which are More powerful than the normal Uruks you can Control the Uruks, execute them, Throw them off Cliffs, and the most powerful are the Uruks so called WarChiefs which have more power to be immune to more of your attacks you can even make an whole army of Captains and Warchiefs and command them to Duel other Warchiefs/Captains. I have been playing this game now for like some years About maybe 400 hrs but not on steam only. if you are in the mood of wanting to feel Bad♥♥♥♥♥AF Then... well BUY IT."
76561198204397443,Not Recommended,241930,19083742,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,larryrae88,Game might be fun if you didnt have to tweak the game to its lowest settings to keep it from crashing
,Recommended,241930,32792125,Posted: 25 June,all,✪ StarBOY,Great Game
,Recommended,241930,14767690,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,DeadeyeDave,Batman: Orcham City. That's basically all that needs to be said.
,Not Recommended,241930,32804996,Posted: 26 June,all,ronderp,Amazingly interesting at first. Controls are extremely clunky and annoying. VERY clunky.
76561198039403839,Recommended,241930,27817752,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ozymandias,Awesome!!! 10/10
,Recommended,241930,27819063,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ISADMYBADISREAL,This is the one that you should have in your LIBRARY for RPG-Action Gamers.+Good Graphics+Good Gameplay+Lovely Story Mode-Bad FPS
,Recommended,241930,27829107,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,arcanic82,"Started playing because I was interested in LOTR, continued playing because killing orcs is so much fun, can't stop playing until I have made every chieftian under my command.10/10 would brainwash them again painstakingly."
,Recommended,241930,27841756,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Whiplash,"This is a fun game. I find myself loosing track of time when I play it.Pros:Combat system is funGraphics are greatStory is fun (so far)Dialogue is goodCons:Can get repetitiveCamera view could be betterNot much bad to say about this game. I didn't start playing until recently.This game is challenging, but that's what draws me in.Overall it's a great game and I WILL be recommending this to my friends."
76561198109322314,Recommended,241930,27812989,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Emo Kid,Awesome game! Two thumbs up!
76561198048456492,Recommended,241930,27809471,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mrszabo22,Great game. I definitely recommend this game to all Lotr fans!
,Recommended,241930,32824999,Posted: 26 June,all,The Juan Criminal,"This game is a masterpiece.  I played it twice on ps4, both with full completion. Although the story is rough at times it still is decent and honestly $3.99 is a steal. If you havn't played this game or have but want something to do while waiting for the sequel? Then buy this game right now."
76561197999118670,Recommended,241930,30488092,Posted: 13 March,all,Nihl,"Im Amazed of this game.First at all, what is Shadow of Mordor? Its great Uruk killing Simulator. You can kill uruks in so many ways, so many of them, and in so cinematic way, that killing uruks become a main game. I found myself in moments ""wtf""? during a storyline questes, because i didnt exactly focused on it... i was only about kiling uruks!Storyline itself is decent. Those who never read silmarillion, and know Lord of the Rings only form Peter's Jackson movies,will find a information how the ring of power was created, and how Sauron was considered at the beginning as a being (not evil for sure). Of course story of game is total fiction, yet it fits quite well into Middle Earth Lore, and give a clue that Middle Earth is far bigger than LotR Trilogy.Nemezis system is other thing, of course it will work fully ONLY IF YOU DIE, but give a lot of fun! all aspects of Uruks and stories between them and You are procedural generated, many times depend on actions, Also what uruks will say. After 20+ hours of gameplay there will be repeating things, that s true, but still amount of sentences and variations between uruks look and skills giving a headache.Game mechanics are fine, i didn't found any major bugs or glitches, game didnt crashed even once, and Optimization is great. full HD/Ultra + HD Texture Pack with 50-60 FPS on AMD FX 8320overclocked from 3.5 to 4.2, 8 GB Ram ddr3 and R9 380 4gb, what is just a budget PC, nothing fancy.Some more words about mechanics. Combat is like AC had marriage with Recent Batmans, and give a birth to Talion, who can do many things, usually realy deadly. Wraith Celebrimbor is also nice add-on, creating some interesting skills in close combat, like counter 2 attacks at once, one by Talion, one by Celebrimbor. Sweet! Parkour aspect is decent, there is just a few places where you CANT climb, and for stealth kill from really high is even an achievment.2 major DLCs are actually a full-time expansions, still on same maps, but with new features and fully narrated with CGIs storylines.i can easily give Shadow of Mordor 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,27579759,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wodka,best optimized batman game on pc
76561198047628300,Recommended,241930,32909636,Posted: 27 June,all,SMW,is good
,Recommended,241930,32910952,Posted: 27 June,all,T e n t a c l e S,Very very worth It to buy.
76561198192382033,Recommended,241930,24801664,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,KiFe ^4Mr. ^8Frosty,"Such awesome, such cool 10/10"
76561198128662854,Recommended,241930,28227535,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,kiraprakras,"** Spoilers **What I liked:Obviously the feeling of playing as a god of war, striding in and out of battles with cinematic style and a sense of immortality.The game's upgrades were all unique (for the scope of a game focused on posession and stealth) and felt very cool.  The instant kill animations (be it from execuations or what have you) were all satisfying to pull off.The variety of ""boss"" Uruks was also an enjoyable experience.  I ran into several Uruks that had an ""invulnerable to"" everything and fighting these guys (and dying many times) was always a memorable and emotional experience.With regards to dying, I REALLY liked how the game treats each death as a promotion to the Uruk that kills you and makes him tougher; the change in the Uruk's dialogue and his surprise at seeing Talion was a very cool deviance from the otherwise ""restart from last checkpoint"" staple in this genre of games.What I disliked:The game was too short.Overall:For the price tag of $15.00 this game delivers almost seven hours (I'll have to check and see how much time I've spent playing it) of excellent violent and fast paced action.  If you would enjoy:- feeling like an untouchable badass swordsman with magic head exploding powers who doesn't know what getting touched by pointy objects feels like- seeing a few more moments of dialogue from the mouth of Gollum- a relatively cheap gamethen I would HIGHLY reccomend Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor"
,Recommended,241930,28230845,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Professional Walrus,LOTR worthy
,Recommended,241930,28231565,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,LeoZ,"We need simplified Chinese.The story is good.Combat design is good.It's a bit like Batman Arkham,but more easy.No riddler here is really good.The most important isWe need simplified Chinese!We need simplified Chinese!We need simplified Chinese!"
,Recommended,241930,28310018,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,MLG | Frostbite,Graphics? Absolutely beautiful.Story? About above average. But not that good.Playtime? Side quests + Main Story + Collectibles + Things to play withI could play this for a 100 hours.
76561197996920740,Recommended,241930,28293266,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Mazaaraxis,"A very pretty action packed game in its own right, but not to be painted in the same picture with other Tolkien stories.    I purchased this one on sale and I recommend you do the same."
,Recommended,241930,20807482,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Spider Bear,Super fun game DLC is good too
,Recommended,241930,20528903,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sølid §nαkɛ,"Pretty wicked game indeed.  Kind of a mashup of many recently popular titles, with LoTR lore obviously.  The nemesis system is unlike anything we've really seen before and it's pretty badass being able to build and control your legions.   I haven't finished the Bright Lord DLC just yet but I look forward to the chance I get to revisit this stellar game."
,Recommended,241930,12385141,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Flesh_Tuxedo,"I rarely ever write reviews for video games, however, after playing slightly over an hour of this game, I can tell that it is truly a unique gameplay experience that adopts different styles from many different games, and mashes them all up into a gorgeous game involving LOTR lore, which I adore. It has an Assassin's Creed/Batman-esque fighting style system, but includes the potential for stealth as well, all depending on what type of gamer you are. The graphics are beautiful, and you feel as if you yourself are fighting in Mordor. Plus, I really love the dynamics of the warchiefs who will progress in level and remember fighting you in the past and use that to there advantage. Not one playthrough will be like the last, and that makes me so happy for re-playability. All in all, I love this game and I highly recommend it to any LOTR fan or just someone looking for a great epic game!"
,Recommended,241930,21092364,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,compyHaX,Good Game
76561198072980750,Recommended,241930,12540217,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,^2Trippa ^5Snippa,Such a good game.Advantages:Fun To PlayGood StoryAmazing Enemy SystemGreat GraphicsGreat LoreFree WorldDisadvantages:Short only took 12 hrsVery EasySometimes Things go a bit Wrong9/10 Reccomend!
,Recommended,241930,30712163,Posted: 24 March,all,...,Saving my money for shadow of war
,Recommended,241930,12958054,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,JustinKappa,Great open world game for any LoTR fans
,Recommended,241930,21342375,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,☣Proviron,fun game
,Recommended,241930,16773653,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MoreThanMoral,"Im not into this game if im going to be honest, but I can definitly recomment it."
76561198123944979,Recommended,241930,14675907,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Speedboost Goat,"A very very good game, very nice nemesis system, very nice graphics, good story, but you can't get any different weapons, well at least you have does special abilities that you unlock over time and runes to strenghen ur weapon."
76561198212415045,Recommended,241930,20940866,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ΞMINΞM,best gaym iv avar blayed
,Recommended,241930,13673691,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ney_,"Best game i've played in a while :D Great graphics, gameplay, design..."
76561198231913980,Recommended,241930,21271478,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Nice one,"great game with lots of interesting featuresthe orcs have personalities and are a challange to beat,Its fun to play small missions and use abilities to kill orcs.9/10 would control a graug and rampage through a stronghold again!"
76561198068977060,Recommended,241930,21572387,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Nefairus,Great game.
76561198186638047,Recommended,241930,21530283,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,2001jeremy,Really nice game!
76561198018666228,Recommended,241930,21532222,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Gwill,
76561198054531433,Recommended,241930,21533652,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SolarPuddle,Awesome game :)
,Recommended,241930,19501359,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,KongS.,"Nothing to says about J.R.R TOLKIEN fans of the books the hobbit & the lord of the rings series so...this game is really great about the story and its the mix of Assasin's Creed and Skyrim(in my opinion)it is meant that its really good at gameplay and the combat gameplay is like Assasin's Creed and the RPG like Skyrim with the other creatures in this game,you'll also can find Gollum or Smegal in this game and uh..Sauron also in this game if I'm think it is in DLC of the Bright Lord but if you'd buy this game now you will get these DLCs for free because now it's became GAME OF THE YEAR!!9.8/10 P.Good-Good graphic of the game with interesting interface-Automatics graphic changes for your comp.-Nicely gameplay including combat/runes/bosses/etc.-THE BEST STORY GAME EVER OF THE MIDDLE-EARTH GAME !!!Bad-*If ur comp. isn't ready for this game minimium spec don't buy it upgrade ur VGA card first or CPU before plays this game because you would plays this game with the good graphic with the lifelike hairstyle in this game xD"
,Recommended,241930,20246488,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Slade,fun game
,Recommended,241930,20250290,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Eggolas,Get it
,Recommended,241930,21720769,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.",mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm yes
,Recommended,241930,12700854,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Conner,"First review. This game is great, voicework is excellent and the combat is fun! I would highly recommend. I just completed it but didn't rush it, making it all the more enjoyable!Again, I would recommend this game to both LOTR fans and action gamers, a bit like AC but I wouldn't really put it in the same box. Wonderful story, although a little short for my tastes.If you are debaiting getting it, I would... unless you don't have much money, wait till it is on sale... which might be a while.Edit: 9.5/10."
,Recommended,241930,20349231,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,"sleep tight, rainy donger༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ","“AMAZING”9.3/10 – IGN“Revolutionary”5/5 – Joystiq“Remarkable”4.5/5 – VideoGamer""True Story m8""9/11 - me""Filthy hobbitsies stole the precious.... no, master! Don' t do this to us master!!!......*rips bong*""1337/420 Smeagol the Gollum"
76561198081718661,Recommended,241930,20349398,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,scarecrow,"Great game, you never really run out of things to do."
,Recommended,241930,17335205,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,OddFellowsRest,Orc Killer Simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,241930,20039227,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Svartsjö,awkward in controls and appearance. Don't even feel like giving this one a chance.not for me. refunding it ASAP. you might like it though - I'm a minority on this - especially if you like the batman arkham games as this game rips off the combat system but with worse controlsI don't get the hype
,Recommended,241930,16883001,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Basically Jesus,"An amazing game that masterfully blends elements of games like Assassin's Creed and Skyrim while throwing in an extremely polished army hierarchy system. If you want to assassinate, brawl, and snipe all while feeling like a complete badass, then this is the game for you.Also the voice work is good enough to make you cry."
76561198044325629,Recommended,241930,20993178,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Trump™- Wall Builder,"Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds."
,Recommended,241930,21191625,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,●Saber●,Its like if lord of the rings and assassins creed had a love child. THEN Batman and The Elder scrolls had a love child and then the 2 love children are drinking coffee at starbucks and then bang hard for 5 hours and had a child it would be this game.
,Recommended,241930,20936475,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,AlmostToast,8/10
,Recommended,241930,20247160,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,dmarangonisimonsen,This game is much better than I expected!
,Recommended,241930,20257173,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,tuvipiinad,A great game. Got a little repetative in the end but overall great mechanics and very entertaining.
,Recommended,241930,21069197,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Wiz,IFL this ac style combat system. May be biased as I am professional.
,Recommended,241930,21647022,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Turtle ☭,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,241930,24748891,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,AllegroDrip616,i'm having a problem whenever i start the game it takes like 30-45 mins for ot to load to the main menu and when i play it when im supposed to fight talion's son it does the same thing to load does anyone know how to fix this?
,Recommended,241930,25782775,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Handsoap_pls,it's actually Assassin's Creed without hoodie and have MC that the looks like 2nd transformation of Ezio (twice more badass)...10/10 will jump to haystack again
76561198178803625,Recommended,241930,25626998,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,tavix,This is the best game from the Lord of the Rings universe.
76561198083055184,Not Recommended,241930,25180200,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bin Hidin',I was very excited to play this game but when i finally got it I was very disappointed with how generic and repetitive it feels. The game world looks bland and is missing a more player driven story instead of hunting groups of uruks one ofter the other as a storyline.
,Recommended,241930,25623318,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Orsome,"Great game overall. If you want a free roam kill fest in a Middle Earth setting, then this is for you. There's a lot of freedom in the game with movement attempting to be fluid, but it does fall short often as it locks you into the animation rather than allowing you to cancel actions for speedy response. End game is limited, and acheivements sometimes don't register. That said the stealth assassin element and minion army bulding allowing for a strategy in tough situations is quite cool."
76561198030892308,Recommended,241930,28770222,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,borus,"A game that is commonly perceived as difficult, and I now understand why. Before you get into Shadow of Mordor you must be ready for a challenge. Not only is the combat difficult but most aspects such as stealth and finding herbs are as well. The enemies are not hard individually (perhaps except some of the stronger bosses) but they are rarely alone. A lot of the capitans have the ability to call more orcs to their aid which can be very difficult to deal with. When you are fighting a group of 5 or 6 normal orcs you should be able to deal with them if you time your finishers and counters correctly, but if you are fighting a group of 5 or 6 with a captian or some special orcs it gets tremendiously more challenging. A lot of guides online will tell you not to pick those fights and to flee and wait for them to disperse but it usually just happens again when you come back.The game starts off somewhat easy but gets increasingly more difficult as you progress. If you are a player who dies a lot to capitans then it gets even worse for you because every time you die to a captain they get stronger. Upon multiple occasions I personally have run into multiple captains or one has ran into a current fight I am in. This game can be easy sometimes, but very hard most of the time.Stealth is a vital part of the game. You can kill most enemies with ease if you stay hidden and keep picking them off, but it does not work so well on captains. Captains have a knack for detecting you before the normal orcs and often work towards hunting you down. Once a captian has spotted you if he has the rally call ability he will atract more orcs making the fight that much harder.Overall this is a good game for some people. I have to agree with some and say it is for sure a very fun game. For the masses though a lot of people will be turned away at the high skill needed to correctly play and enjoy this game. Don't get me wrong what I have written may seem like only critisisms but I still like the game. I myself am not very good at it but I can see the true potential that this game offers. The story is gripping, the finishers are awesome, and the whole vibe it gives off is epic.BUT don't purchase this game if you are a casual carefree gamer. It is a game that requires a great deal of effort on the players part to complete. I truely aspire for the creators of this game to just add a difficulty changing option, but alas one has never been implimented.This is a great game, a difficult game, but very much a game worth engrossing yourself into if you have the aptitude or through hard work the skill to play this game."
76561198120623485,Recommended,241930,28990511,Posted: 3 January,all,LoneStar,really amazing game
,Recommended,241930,29037211,Posted: 5 January,all,RitZ,pros- Good Gameplay everCons- Worst Boss Fight ever
76561198210834153,Recommended,241930,28706516,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Red Rohan,"So much goddamn fun! You'd never know how good you are at Espinoage, Sabotage or Orc Politics until you've played this game"
,Recommended,241930,28544282,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,squidey,i like
76561198120995598,Recommended,241930,29965307,Posted: 16 February,all,Earth Muffin,This game was quite great. i was very good at clicking at the right time. The deep lore that i didn't read was a highlight.
76561198190255039,Recommended,241930,29109440,Posted: 7 January,all,:)yegaG,Its a good game. Some stupid things but worth the money youll spend
76561198035173192,Recommended,241930,25937186,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MorningMoke,One of the best open world action game ive ever played
76561198106017408,Recommended,241930,22594746,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Roady Boatkin,"Yall need ot sit down, shut the f*** up, and listen! This game was AMAZING, you hear me??? I have been playing this game up and down, left and right, swozzyly and swingly... okay. The amount of content they provide you with is impeccable. Not only that, but the story LINES (yes multiple) are actually very intriguing and will suck you after 2-3 short missions. The little things they throw in there for all Hobbit and LOTR fans is nice. They keep a very authentic feel to the game. Another thing I would like to compliment this company on is that different abilities, skills, weapon add-ons, even down right powers are held off for a little bit. You wont notice this at first. You will think you unlocked everything and have mastered the art of combat, maybe starting to get a bit bored. Then BAMM!!!!♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of new content and fighting styles are thrown in your face and you are like ""wait did I black out and buy a $25 DLC?"" NO MUTHER♥♥♥♥ER! THIS IS SHADOW OF MORDOR WHERE THEY KEEP YOU ENTERTAINED FOR AGES TO COME!!!!!***On a side not less silly, this is a very enjoyable game that is worth every penny of you purchase. Please make sure you take a look at system requirements to properly enjoy the game! GLHF :)***"
,Recommended,241930,14808838,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,KoolAidtheRed,"Great game, stop reading and start playing."
,Not Recommended,241930,25802960,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SkyWalk420,crashes every freaking minute
,Recommended,241930,27916979,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,piedpickle099,Get This Game
,Not Recommended,241930,26271294,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Ymerkongen,Not fun - frustrating experience - endless grindThe game world is small but feels like endless grind due to the game repopulating the game world with orcs and monsters everytime you turn around for 1 sec.Most of the time you will end up dying because of frustrating non-conventional use of keyboard/movementThe actual story is mostly cut-scenes
76561198097323476,Recommended,241930,29857535,Posted: 11 February,all,Melder_Scrolls,The Nemesis system is legit.
76561198099548707,Recommended,241930,31141566,Posted: 14 April,all,RX-93,gg ez
,Recommended,241930,29934861,Posted: 14 February,all,John Firmin,awesome game.
76561198030536506,Recommended,241930,30073931,Posted: 20 February,all,Nymeria,Fantastic story and gameplay.
,Not Recommended,241930,24413366,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,arstrig,Somewhat fun mechanics but overly repetitive and not much story to the game.  Basically you repeat 4-5 missions with minor variations throughout the entire game.  Game world never seems to change that much.  Orcs will infinitely respawn no matter how many you kill or if take out an entire base.  I can see why WB needed to pay money for reviewers to give this game such a high score.
55200355200355200,Recommended,241930,33351694,Posted: 7 July,all,Shard,Very good game highly reccomend if you are a fan of The Lord of The Rings :D
,Recommended,241930,33351528,Posted: 7 July,all,whisker,"It's hard to explain how good and fresh the Nemesis system is.The main story is not the best thing ever, but the world makes this a really top level game."
76561198360437115,Recommended,241930,32694984,Posted: 23 June,all,OMEGA356,Its Amazing and so are the gameplay and graphics
,Recommended,241930,33358307,Posted: 7 July,all,Kailuz,GG
76561198104036352,Recommended,241930,33361410,Posted: 7 July,all,jetqblue,"VISUALSGraphics 8/10 - Typical of a good game series, not typical of Motive turned game series.FX 7/10 - No wow factor hereEnvironment 7/10 - A bit too barren.Player Interaction with Environment 9/10 - Great job displaying the player move throughout an environmentEnvironment Realism 7/10 - A bit barePlayer/Enemy Kinematics 9/10 - Great job making the player and enemies move and fight.Weather 3/10 - Not really an element in this game.CONTROLS - Gamepad Only ReviewFluidity 6/10 - Much of the interactions are automatic, just timing is important. Sometimes feels cluncky or difficult.Intuitive 5/10 - Not a typical gamepad setup. It's unique and take a bit of time getting use to.Customizable 0/10 - None, and no other options but one.Camera Control 3/10 - Bad, feel like your fighting the camera all the time as the camera auto centers in your movement direction frequently. Be nice to turn off auto-center. This makes it difficult to be the bada** you want to be.Fighting Controls 9/10 - Precision on distances is not needed, so there is a feel of automatic fighting. This game really makes good use of this and it's pretty easy, after some practice to be a bada** at the sword. It's more of a timing thing.Interaction with Environment 7/10 - Think Assassins Creed movement. Somethings there are oddities that occur that prevent the movement you want and this is frustrating, so I guess it's score is less because of the intuitive factor, but as it pertains to enviro moves and interactions.CHARACTER SYSTEMSProgress Appropriatness 7/10 - Seem to progress at just the right pace. So you can't just grind and get everything, with adds to the challenge.Intuitive 9/10 - Simple and elegant.Customization 4/10 - Not forced to choose a path, so there is little uniqueness in your charater, so you can have it all. Not necassarily a bad thing. You can choose between three different play styles, stealth, brute force, long range. Or a comb of all, which is most likely what you'll do. You can also pcik traits for your weapons, so there is some customization.Desire to Gain Exp 6/10 - The game doesn't really give you feel that you need to level up in order to beat something. So it doesn't force you to grind if you don't want to, in order to make a battle easier. But it's just enough.Seemless Integration 9/10 - The charater progress is somewhat a part of the story. Feels like a natural charater system.Simple(1)/Complex(10) 5/10 - Just the right level of stuff to progress on.SOUNDSActors 9/10 - Typical of the movies but maybe with not quite the amount of quality heard in the movies.Music 6/10 - Nothing much. Wish it was better and gave a more immersive experience.Ambient 6/10 - Don't really notice anything hear.Interface 9/10 - NiceBattle Sounds - 8/10 Pretty goodSTORYExpectation for LotR 10/10Short(1)/Long(10) 7/10 - Can be as long as you want and it's actually a unique, how it integrates with the game play.Replay Value 9/10 - Definitely a replay.Desire to Progress Story 7/10 - Is you love LotR, it will probably be 10 for you.Desire to Complete Side Quests 9/10 - Somtimes it's fun to just kick♥♥♥♥♥and not follow the main quest.GAMEPLAYChallenge Appropriatness 9/10 Not super difficult, but it does require some careful thought and planning.Tutorials - 7/10 Confusing and scattered. At least they were smart to have an option to where you get combat prompts. You can turn those off if you want.OVERALL 8/10 - Usually these movie turned games don't turn off great. I actually like this one and got it all for $4. I might have paid $10 for this."
,Recommended,241930,33014753,Posted: 29 June,all,awpY | Farmskins.com,Is a good game 8)
76561198067385347,Recommended,241930,33106805,Posted: 1 July,all,Pizza Time,Batman with swords
,Recommended,241930,33106614,Posted: 1 July,all,GeneralTrue,A good game but way too easy imo.
,Recommended,241930,33378673,Posted: 8 July,all,samitheberber,"I really like this game, the nemesis system is great and also can vengance some Uruks that have killed my friends."
76561198033898712,Recommended,241930,33373263,Posted: 8 July,all,Quarkly,"Welcome to Mordor, prime Uruk real estate at the best prices.You play aggressive realtor Talion in your quest to find orcs the best deals on prime mass-graveyard living.Make sure to interview orcs in order to learn how to strike the best deal with highly respected members of the community.Starring: Aragorn Lite, ghost ex machina, Andy Serkis, That one orc you really want to see succeed and poor weapon maintenance"
76561198127129745,Recommended,241930,33372450,Posted: 8 July,all,jackeldrac,"It's a nice game. It's almost all a combat game and sometimes it gets a little bit repetitive, but the dialogs with the captains and the war shouts are amazing.I'm also enjoying the story (not really important in the game, I mean, you can go and just crash things and go to do jobs) which seems to be not to long or deep.Anyway, I'm enjoying the game.8 hours"
76561198165878203,Recommended,241930,33372500,Posted: 8 July,all,LSP,ammmazinggg!!!
,Recommended,241930,33372800,Posted: 8 July,all,DiZm0e,"+Good graphics+Uruk ranking system makes killing captains/warchiefs more satisfying+Watching a captain's head fly off in slow motion is one of the funniest things in any video game-Lackluster story-0 challenge, combat's too simple which makes the game get boring after a while-Sometimes the parkour or w/e it's called style of movement won't work because you're a couple of pixels to the right/leftFor 3.99 on sale it's a must buy, otherwise it depends on how much you like slaying Orcs"
,Recommended,241930,33376563,Posted: 8 July,all,RealHansPeteR,This game is a really nice game and it make fun but it crashes every 30 min and that is annoying but i recomment this game cause it is pretty fun to play
76561198028753240,Not Recommended,241930,12731158,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Outlavv,"Fun game for about 20 minutes. Then you encounter bosses and enemies immune to all forms of damage with no way to defeat them, possibly even 3-4 captains in one fight in the first 30 mins of the game. Good ideas for the game but turned out to be♥♥♥♥♥♥after all"
,Recommended,241930,33487634,Posted: 12 July,all,hueh,nice
,Recommended,241930,33488186,Posted: 12 July,all,Fractured,ok why do u even need to look at a review for this game? how are u not already convinced.
,Recommended,241930,33333274,Posted: 6 July,all,Apostrial,It's like assassins creed but with LOTR.That's about it.Buy it.
,Recommended,241930,33448410,Posted: 10 July,all,🔹Georeo🔹,"To sum up in a whole, if you like killing mythical creatures while feeling like a badass rouge with beutiful, but well optimised gameplay. Then this is a perfect boredom killer for you."
,Recommended,241930,33448335,Posted: 10 July,all,Cereal Killá,just love at first look
76561198077583725,Recommended,241930,15439855,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,SuperSoldier206,"I really liked this game, but the parkour mechanic was a little clunky at points. But still a 9/10 in my book. The nemesis system was intriguing, fun, refreshing and but you in the♥♥♥♥♥from time to time. If you like third person slashers and Lord of the Rings get this game"
,Recommended,241930,12821105,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,that aint falco,dis is funny game were u kil da ork nd he kil u nd he get promoshin nd get stronk then u kil him nd u get de roon 4 ur sword nd u win da gaem
,Recommended,241930,12604676,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,bTa-,"thats a good game, nice history and really good gameplay, approves o/"
76561198050296376,Recommended,241930,14245428,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Beans ߷,"Dlc isnt really worth it but the game itself is a ton of fun. For me atleast, it has a ton of replay value"
,Recommended,241930,15845806,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ukraineb itch,"If i was Commander Shepard, this would be my favorite game on Steam."
,Recommended,241930,15567425,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Funnyboy,its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ically good. I had killed every orc not named DuushRat so every orc is named duushrat.
,Recommended,241930,31071984,Posted: 10 April,all,Annie May's Tiddies,"I've beat the game before on a different Steam account, so ignore the low play time.Fun game, great visuals, ran fine at 1080p with an FX6300 and an R9 290x w/ 16gb ddr3. I've upgraded since, but the game is built well.Only issue is it's a bit short and the combat is on the easy side, a lot like Assassin's Creed or the Batman Arkham games. Oh and the ending is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid as hell. Other than that, it's a solid game that's worth the purchase. The Nemesis system is pretty heckin' cool."
76561198165219425,Recommended,241930,14469416,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Scrupulous,All you need to know is that this game lets you teleport and it lets you send sleeper agents to corrupt an army.  What more could you want?
,Recommended,241930,18123051,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,eXtory,Walked into mordor in front door and decapitated each and every orc with joy.
,Recommended,241930,12503694,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,DJ_Zephyr,"When I first heard they were making an open-world action/adventure game set in Middle Earth, I was definitely interested.  I'd watched the movies; I'd read the trilogy, The Hobbit, and parts of the Silmarillion; and I'd gotten pretty deep into Lord of the Rings Online (another recommendation), so I was looking forward to more Tolkien goodness.  I didn't expect to be this good, tho.TL;DR: Great combat with plenty of ways to slaughter Orcsies, a gorgeous land dripping with lore and sidequests, and a good story to boot.  Did I mention you can make a troll eat your enemies?GAMEPLAY: The game feels a lot like Assassin's Creed and the Arkham Games, but still manages to mix things up enough to feel fresh.  While never fully overwhelming, the game can kill you if you're not careful.  Still, you have plenty of ways to slaughter Uruks to your heart's content- be it your blades and bow, or riding atop a beast and chewing faces off, this is a bad game to be an Orc in.  The two maps aren't as big as I'd hoped, but still offer plenty to do once you've beaten the storyline.The Nemesis system allows for a surprising amount of prep and planning for a game with no RPG-style inventory- brand a few bodyguards to do your bidding and then unleash them on a warchief, or just kill them to get them out of the way.  Death is handled in an interesting way- if you are defeated, you ""cheat death,"" but your killer gains a bit of power.  However, you might find him in a situation where you can handle him easier, and still get your revenge.  And defeating an enemy doesn't necessarily mean the end of it- they too may cheat death and come after you later.The only quarrel I have with the gameplay is a somewhat heavy use of quick-time events, but once you get used to them, they shouldn't hinder your progress.  As for the story, it does contradict Tolkien's writings a bit, but I'm no purist, so I can forgive this.GRAPHICS AND SOUND: This game looks incredible.  And that's on a computer that can't handle its full glory.  At stable, medium settings, textures are plenty detailed unless you look too close, lighting is stunning and cleverly executed, and the special effects are top-notch and convincing.  Full-motion video made with in-game resources gives you a taste of what the game is truly capable of.The sounds and soundtrack are hard-hitting and fitting of the LOTR universe.  Orcs chat back 'n forth, and chant for their captains.  Graugs (basically mountain trolls) have big thundering footsteps and roars.  Blades (and teeth) make satisfyings crunches as they cleave bone and flesh.  This plays best with 5.1 surround or better.A great game for anyone.  Pretty much a must-play for Tolkien fans."
,Recommended,241930,18690810,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,FallenDeity,Addicting as hell. Once i satrted playing i couldnt put it down. So much fun and a lot of replay value. gg game devs. (Recommend playing game with a controller.)
76561198136458398,Recommended,241930,18800191,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Rune,"A great game so far, I've only played an hour and I'm hooked.The combat system is amazing.The acting is great, it really feels like you're in a Lord Of The Rings movie.I definetly recommend this game to everyone who is into medieval fantasy games or just wants to play a great story driven game."
76561198055342082,Recommended,241930,18572926,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Frozen,"If you like LOTR story, this is a game you will like. Even though it only have like 20-40 hours to play depending on the speed you complete things in game, but still a great game."
,Recommended,241930,19337590,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Nvm Csgokingdom.com,This game is great so far 8/10
76561198031888296,Recommended,241930,19321276,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bumbo,"The absolute GOTY in my opinion. The combat of this game is the best I have seen in a hack and slash beat 'em up, it blends both the fighting mechanics of Batman games with, the stealth and assasinations of the Assassins Creed franchise creating this fluid gameplay which is reponsive and fast on both controller and keyboard and mouse. The Nemesis system is a brilliant idea which I hope other games pick up on, the fact that it creates procedurally generated Orcs/Uruks is great, each personality has its own type of flair or quirk which differs them from others causing you to want to go back and replay the game just to see each and every one of them including the attention to detail, with power struggles, remebered encounters, ranking of not only generals but grunts too, and the scarring which a Uruk can recieve to his face and so much nore which I can't give justice by just saying it here. The domination is great too however can get too powerful too quick once you claim it which is why the developers probably had to give it to you halfway, if not more through the game.As I mentioned earlier the voice acting and character design has a lot of work put into it, and this also applies to the main characters such as Celebrimbor, Ratbag and Smeagol (Who they actually got Andy Serkis to play!). However the the only character that seems to be lacking any depth is the main one, I don't know what it is he just seems too generic for me, a man which has lost his family and is out for revenge ith the only twist being (spoilers) he's dead, that said the voice actor deliverd a brilliant job playing him bringing out the best he could from this character making him bearable to listem to. Another hitch I have with this game is the riding mechanics, more often than not I will find myself climbing up a wall that I don't want to while rising my Caragor or just simply missing my target all together; the fighting with it also seems too light, nothing feels like it has power behind it and there is only one or two execution animations for the Caragor making him repetitive after a while. In addition the animation when our main character swings his sword on the back of one of these things is incredibly wonky and had me laughing multiple times, watching him jerk his arm in a 90 degree angle and sending an Uruk flying. The Grauge is only slightly better, having the satisfaction of ripping the heads off captains in one blow keeps him off my complaint list however i'm glad the implemented a fast travel system once you unlock the towers because watching a Grauge run at 100 mph like he's going to♥♥♥♥♥♥himself is a sight you can only whitness so many times.All together a great game8.5/10"
,Recommended,241930,18087340,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Shoeby,"I have a fresh Dell XPS with some pretty decent specs, and even then the graphis seem blurry. Still, with the tright tweaks with game would be beautiful but honestly it's easier to play with a controller but I'm sure some will be about to get used to the keyboard layout. I've always been a big LotRs fan and so far from what I've played I'm finding the story excelent. Not bad if you get it 50% off either. :D"
,Not Recommended,241930,18155599,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,BadgerWaffles,"A boring open world, non stealth combat, arrows that don't insta kill with head shots and having to run everywhere to get ammo, an ok fighting where button smashing just wins. A rough control scheme with a keyboard and mouse. Lots of cinematics that I don't care much for. Prob far better later on, however I didn't even want to play past the first hr. Might as well play assasin creed like games instead. Maybe get for a console."
,Not Recommended,241930,24531878,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Evil Morty,"I only play this game for 25 hours to complete the achievements. nothing more and nothing less. for the gameplay, it is fun. but only AT FIRST. but after a while, it is kinda boring. it is repetitive. and the story is SUCK. if u want to play this game, dont buy it. instead, download it free. or at least be like me, only buy this game during summer sale so it doesnt feel like a total waste cause it does not worth it."
76561198069993018,Recommended,241930,17426030,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,SABADAHEY,the best game ever i play
,Recommended,241930,17189033,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Soulless Creature,"Bought this game on a hunch, not knowing anything, and I'm glad I bought this titleShadow Of Mordor was the most recent AAA title to catch my attention and to hold it through out the campaign and more.The pros of the game:+Combat is smooth and satisfying (Compared to the Arkham combat)+The Nemesis system is something new, replayable and something that will keep you busy+Upgrades feel relevant, not just +damage or +health, upgrades like throwing knifes and an ability that allows you to travel faster to an enemy and kill him+The controls are very well thought out, at first are hard to get use to, but are well layed out+You'll find yourself doing more side missions than the main missions, it's easy to get lost in all the missions avaliable+ A wide variety of graphical settings+Traversing the world is very easy and smooth. Almost all terrain can be used as vantage points+ With encounters, the game gives you many opitions in how to take out the Uruks. Stealth, Branding Uruks and use them as an army, go in for a brutal hand to hand fight+ Upon finishing the game, you still have the nemeis system, challenges and many more side objectives to play with and completeCons:- The story falls a bit flat, but doesn't take away from the experience- Characters are mediocre at best, none stand out- The AI is easy to fool and sneak up on, making for easy stealth kills- The ending is very lack lusterConclusion:The cons, for me, don't take anything away from the pros of this game. It took me a while to get engrossed in the game, but upon using the comabt in conjuction with the open world free running, the Nemesis system, side objectives the game had me playing for hours on end.Score: 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,33344511,Posted: 7 July,all,|L|,Good Game
,Recommended,241930,33350883,Posted: 7 July,all,face lipstick ghoast,"Game like arkham series o' batman, sorta likee askaskings creed, minds' me o' dynasty warriors in that kill many, many still comb to die at me"
,Recommended,241930,33247025,Posted: 4 July,all,Milky Cow,"Never thought I would write a review. This game is just astonishing. Buy it, like NOW!"
,Not Recommended,241930,33241128,Posted: 4 July,all,Ballas,crashes everytime to a blackscreen when i interrogate an ork.. so meh refunding
76561198320871266,Recommended,241930,33239705,Posted: 4 July,all,User0307,"amazing game, but try this to make it better:https://www.dropbox.com/s/w7xjt6m7r5y9tlh/ShadowOfMordorGOTY.CT?dl=0and how it works:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx2nLBme8Joanyway; great game."
,Recommended,241930,33221159,Posted: 4 July,all,Vladimir Putin,"Very good open world game, I recommend this game to fans of Lord of the Rings series."
76561198073973690,Recommended,241930,33233906,Posted: 4 July,all,"кс дерьмо, CS.MONEY, CS.DEALS",123
76561198041600646,Recommended,241930,21085095,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Sütçü Beygiri,Uruk Genocide Simulator!^#uruklivesmatter
,Recommended,241930,33225458,Posted: 4 July,all,50 Guns,"4 euros only, what are you waiting for?"
76561198117228744,Recommended,241930,33226050,Posted: 4 July,all,Vimto,One of the best games i have/know.
,Recommended,241930,33243513,Posted: 4 July,all,Voxr,I killed an Orc and I liked itThe Uruk''s blood all over my lipsI killed an Uruk just to try itI hope Sauron don't mind itIt felt so wrongIt felt so rightHelp Torvin hunt tonightI killed an Orc and I liked itI liked it.....Great game. Last boss fight was underwhelming AF tho.
,Recommended,241930,33258110,Posted: 4 July,all,BOT DSB,"Great game, amazing finishing moves"
,Recommended,241930,33253529,Posted: 4 July,all,sibra_,Niceeeeeeeeeeeeee
,Recommended,241930,33203880,Posted: 3 July,all,✪ MuffinMan @rAge,YEAH its awesome
,Recommended,241930,21431039,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,sloan2189,"It's Batman: Arkham Whatever but with swords and heads blowing up. It has a Linux build. WB is associated with the title so you know it's not the most optimized game on the planet, but it's playable. It's actually pretty fun to go around freeing slaves and shooting bad guys in the weiner.And I'm not even a fan of LOTR."
,Recommended,241930,18846045,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Ithaldir,"I really enjoyed this game, it is like Assassin’s creed but with randomized enemies and powerful supernatural abilities. Basically you are more than a match for any enemy one on one, however you are up against a whole army and it is rare to find your target all alone. The game gives you total freedom to kill your chosen target however you wish, (outside of missions), so you can walk into the middle of a fortress and try to kill your target directly or you can try something more subtle. The strengths and weaknesses of the target make some approaches easier to expliot or impossible to do, promoting a variety in gameplay rather than spamming a particular tactic.When you die however you don’t just reset, you actually die and time passes are you reform yourself. The orc who killed you gets promoted and gains power, becoming even harder to defeat. This can be a vicious cycle with you trying and trying to defeat him and failing making him stronger. Sometimes you have to give up on revenge and progress the story to gain enough power to come back and defeat them. Know that however powerful they may be there will always be some weakness that you can use against them, you just need to know the right tactic.I am simply going to list the things I didn’t like about the game as it is easier to focus on what you dislike and also because I like so much about this game that I’d have to spend quite a while listing everything.1. Don’t believe their minimum requirements!I am sure that I am above the minimum stated requirements hardware wise and I think I have around the recommended requirement, however that didn’t stop me from getting lag and low fps. The more enemies in the area the worse it got which is very bad since that is when you need to be on your game the most. It is not just that I can’t stand low fps, it made using my bow much harder sometimes and you can only slow time for so long.  This also almost screwed me as the last scene in the game involves a series of quick time events which I was barely able to do on my 12th try by memorizing the keys. Does that just mean there is something wrong with my computer not the game? I don’t know but I have to state what I saw and warn others who have lower end computers.2. Beware walls!I had a bug where I would glitch inside walls while parkouring, if I couldn’t get out I would have to fast travel or fail the mission to escape. Also I had a tendency to fall through the world when coming off of a zip line, (which kills you by the way). This made me have to be very careful when parkouring and slowed me down quite a bit. Can this be fixed? Again I don’t know, I never tried to fix it as I just decided to live with it.3. The controls:I used a mouse and keyboard and I have no idea if it is better with a controller or not as I don’t have one. When moving I’d often get stuck on objects or on a small lip in the ground, which isn’t good when stealth is very necessary and you need to move from cover to cover quickly. Also I’d often do stuff I didn’t want do, like when I am running down an alley and I happen to brush against the wall, Tallion then starts climbing it and I waste another few seconds yelling at him to get off! Also the reverse happens, Tallion sometimes needs two tries to climb a perfectly climbable wall. Tallion can climb almost anything in the game but if you go at the wall at the wrong angle the just jumps and doesn’t climb. Some of this can be accounted for from lag and my own stupidity but you never know.4. The ending (Without too many spoilers):I am a bit unsatisfied at the ending. The scene suggests a possible course of action, which makes the most sense based on everything that has happened to that point. Instead of that Tallion goes the other way. The first option makes the most sense and wraps up the story nicely, everything coinciding with all the accounts in the Lord of the Rings. The one Tallion choses however makes me question what the does between then and the end of the Lord of the Rings a decade or two later. I feel they decided to discard the proper ending in favor of one that leaves the game open to a sequel and also explains why you are able to continue doing side missions after the end of the main storying line. I am a bit peeved as before this the game does a very good job of weaving their story into the Lord of the Rings in such a way that both can happen and it makes logical sense. As I said before they could have wrapped everything up and everything would have been fully wrapped, no lose ends. Am I just irrationally disappointed at the ending? Who knows maybe I will change my review later if my opinion changes.Now that I got that off my chest I can say that I loved everything about the game except what was stated above. I got the game on sale and I feel like I got a great deal. I haven’t even looked at all the DLCs that were included yet. It took me 53 hours to get 100% completion in the main campaign and I hear there are new enemies and powers in the expantions to play with."
76561198043840880,Recommended,241930,23747918,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bipolar Fish,Genuinely one of the best games I've ever played. It has amazing combat and story plus great progression systems. Ridiculously addictive.
,Not Recommended,241930,24751109,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,LordQwert,"Shadow of Mordor Review via Arkham OriginsI’m giving this game a negative vote, despite enjoying it and playing it to full achievement completion.  That may sound ingenuous of me, but I’ll give the reasons here:1. The designers claim their combat was “inspired” by the Batman Arkham games.  This is inarguably the case, if by “inspire” you mean “copied in its entirety”.  I really mean that too.  I had just finished playing Arkham Origins, so I know what of I speak.   With the exception of branding and riding around on beasts, the combat is 100% Arkham, only there’s less of it.  The designers also say they built the engine from the ground up, and that it isn’t the Arkham engine.  I believe them, because Arkham isn’t nearly as sloppy as SoM.  I suspect if this game hadn’t had the same publisher, there would be a lawsuit.  (Actually, I think game play elements can’t be copywrited.)1a. Okay, it’s not bad combat.  It’s actually really good.  The problem is that it’s just worse than Arkham Origins, generally accepted as the weakest Arkham game, and which received far worse reviews than SoM.  It’s simultaneously far more forgiving and far less responsive.2. The story is sparse and extremely outside Middle-Earth canon.  The cut scenes are few and not particularly impressive.  I felt like I missed a cut scene right at the beginning (maybe I did?) because right after the prologue mission and meeting Celebrimbor in the wraith lands, I was dumped into the game proper without any really explanation of the transition.  I feel like maybe a little chat about the circumstances might have helped.I also have no idea why they didn’t use more classic Middle-Earth assets.  Were they not licensed to use Trolls and Wargs?  Also, I’m not sure I ever heard the word “orc” once during the game.  The antagonists are persistently referred to as uruks, which is an equivalent term in canon, but rarely used in common parlance.  I was also annoyed by a couple things that seemed like they might build up to something or at least be DLC hooks that never manifested (Gollum just wandered off without comment half-way through and the spiders got a lot of lore build-up as uruk antagonists with no payoff).2a. If you don’t care about the canon, can move past it, or can view it as an alternate reality, then the story isn’t actually bad.  I enjoyed the story and the characters didn’t fall into too many stupid clichés.  However, the cut scenes and storylines of the “inferior” Arkham Origins are better by far and there are more of them.3. Almost everything is about the nemesis system.  You will get seriously sick of the repetitive nature of the missions and how they all tie back into the “kill/brand/promote” mechanics.  Occasionally you’ll get swarmed by captains out in the world, which is awful.3a. It is actually a good system.  It’s interesting and fairly dynamic.  I was surprised at the variety of ways they seamlessly patched together orc quality to make the captains all seem fairly unique.  Origins doesn’t have anything comparable.4. Collectables are all over the place, but in fairly limited numbers.  The sheer number of freeing captives missions got to be a bit much, but they pick up a little towards the end in terms of interest and difficulty.  I never really felt like I was slogging around hunting for garbage instead of playing.4a. Screw the Riddler/Enigma and screw Arkham’s collectibles.  I’m sick of that crap.  SoM gets the point.  (We’ve been doing points?)5. The DLC is disappointing.  It’s very much just more of the same, with minor asset changes.  They even reuse cinematics in the second one.  Each takes place in one of the two major areas of the base game, and nothing is different between them, even things that should be, such as the giant statue of Sauron under construction.  They’re not very long and not different enough to buy.5a. They’re not actually bad.  If you already have them from a season pass or Game of the Year edition, you should give them a try.  They are different enough for some novelty.  Also, I actually didn’t play the Origins DLC, so no comparison here.So the negative review mostly comes down to “It’s obviously worse than Arkham Origins, which scored poorly, so this should also”.  I’m actually not sure why the game was so highly rated originally.  I guess people were immensely enamored with the nemesis system, because that’s the entire selling point for it as a game."
76561198112459841,Not Recommended,241930,28724519,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mr.MindFuk,"I got this game last Feb, just installed it though becasue of how much space it needed. However, it will not load!! I get to the options screen, click on play game I hear the creepy voice whisper thing, then it crashes before anything loads. I have tried running it as Admin, I have tried turning off all DLC's, I have tried running it in Win 7, Win 8, and Vista. It still crashes at the same time though. I love this game, I have played it before on the Ps3. Half my games on Steam simply dont work. valve wtf are doing back there? Developers please finsish the games before you launch them. If is didnt love the game so much I would as for a refund, but I simply just want to play a game a freaking paid for! Also the Support area of the game is crap and has no real options to fix anything. Unreal, I miss the days of actual physical copies, this crap never seemed to happend."
,Recommended,241930,30343873,Posted: 5 March,all,The Cat Who Lied,"Only have a little over 2 hours just RN, this game is simply amazing, combat, voice acting, graphics, ANYTHING, i have so much fun playing this game and i sometimes lose track of time.Pros:- Combat is smooth and awesome- Animations are fluent and nice- climbing is easy. not like some other games *cough cough* assassin creed *cough cough*- It attached itself so well with the series of LOTR, how it brings you back to the lands of fiction is awesome- upgrading system, simply amazing, im normally one who skips and clicks everything but in this game, i love upgrading♥♥♥♥♥♥so much i take the time to see what i can upgrade before i do anything else.- just running around killing orcs is fun as ♥♥♥♥, and the spirt interigation?? HOLY CRAP is it EVER awesome, there is noway to explain it, you need to buy the game to see how awesome it iscons- i cant think of anything rn, but i really wish that there was an army fight, like having a team and charging with to theorcs to fight like the final scene in the last LOTR book, that would be epic!!I definitaly recommend this game to anyone who likes Open World, 3rd person, or RPG games, i didnt like some of those till i played this, SO MUCH FUN!!!rate: 10 outa ♥♥♥♥in' 10!!!UPDATE!!!Holy ♥♥♥♥, i beat the game and im so happy that the sequel is was annouced!main campaign? amazing, i really dont wana tell any spoliers but all i can say is my favourite missions was the last one xD, it kinda looks like what shadow of war is giving us but at a smaller ammount.lease favourite had to be the dwarf, didnt hate it but it was just kinda boring, except the last mission you have with himstill love this video game!!!will always love it!!cant wait for the new one to come out, already pre ordered it"
76561198057955426,Recommended,241930,18305925,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Hackzorer,"In my opinion, this was the best game to come out in the last several years. Not only did it live up to the hype, it had great, non-day one DLC that kept my interest for quite some time. I spent about sixty bucks on this game and it was well spent, best video game purchase I've made to date.Especially if you like the LOTR books, this will be a very good story for you to follow. The collectable items all have bits of story attached to them, which relate to the Silmarillion and the Hobbit.The combat is fun and compelling. It is a blend of Arkham and Assassin's Creed combat, but more difficult than both. The enemies have counter and dodge symbols above their head, but they do a fair amount of damage and you will at times need to avoid combat due to the amount of Uruk.I doubt that it will happen, but I hope a sequel or prequel of some sort comes out. I need more of this, it was too good to only get one game of this quality. This may be a bit farfetched, but maybe in ten or more years a remake might pop up with new 3D graphics for my hololens or something similar.I rate this game 10/10 overall10/10 story9/10 voice acting (not a ten because there are a limited amount of actors for the Uruk)9/10 combat10/10 graphics10/10 Menu/Options set up8/10 Multiplayer (Often got Vendetta missions for players I didn't recognize, Vendetta missions are only co-op missions)10/10 side quests10/10 DLC"
,Recommended,241930,26870093,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chicken,What a great game
76561198106687747,Not Recommended,241930,19444221,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,zuky-_-786,"Etremely dissapointed!I wanted this for a long time but couldnt get it, and  so i waited and finally picked it up. MY complaint is it kept crashing all the time and I know for a fact my pc could run this, i searched eveywhere for fixes and asked a lot of people including steam discussion and tried pretty much every fix you could think of but still not fixed. start the game and 10 minutes later it would just crash into a black screen.Very dissapointed probably going to return it, a huge waste of time and money.Specs:gtx 650 tii5 3570k8gm ram"
,Recommended,241930,24236255,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,The.GreekGod,♥♥♥♥ing awesome game and optimization is on point
76561197966564201,Recommended,241930,15521853,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Groovept,Amazing Game!!!
,Recommended,241930,15522976,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Gamok,"assassins creed too easy for you? look no futher! this game will send you to the loading screen several times over after you try to navigate hordes of orcs and urokai while you're trying to assassinate or corrupt some orc overlord.if you are a fan of the assassins creed games, i can highly recommend this!Gamok's seal of approval!"
76561198062566612,Recommended,241930,15536010,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,NormanZ,"refined version of assassin's creed, amazing"
76561198125046913,Recommended,241930,15537533,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,mikexzone1,I just love this game . Un jeux tres fun a jouer
76561198128166044,Recommended,241930,15507153,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Xx_Phantom's Shadow_xX,It is the most heart racing game I have ever played!
76561197983670288,Recommended,241930,15524128,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,José Olé,"Love it so far, I'm hooked!"
76561198011238657,Recommended,241930,15510393,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,ted kill yourself,"Its a little short, and the story is unexceptional but the combat is excillent as the stealth and the nemisis system is great"
76561197962079874,Recommended,241930,15523806,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Marauder,A lot of fun!
76561198004617980,Recommended,241930,15507991,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Devilturnip360,"dear god its good. the best part is obivously the fighting, but the whole ork ranking ranking systems sets a stage for creative questing, making a reason to keep playing easy to find."
,Recommended,241930,26480640,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,2ZZ-GE,Spoopy Times
,Recommended,241930,26430255,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,God Himself,1 Of the best games i played
76561198081192077,Recommended,241930,18237344,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,あやし-ゆな-さん,"One does not simply walk into mordor.One slashes, blinks, stabs. and knife.:) Got this on sale and it is worth every penny! :)"
,Recommended,241930,31228260,Posted: 18 April,all,Moundir,Such a great game
76561198119444962,Recommended,241930,31222603,Posted: 18 April,all,Catacomb,"I always come back to this game and it never really gets old, I am looking forward to the new shadow of mordor but while your waiting for the next why not play this one it's loads of fun."
,Recommended,241930,16284383,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,The Virginian,You want to travel? Ride an arrow into man 3 miles ahead of you. You want to brutally murder a fortress? Make them brutally murder themselves. You want to control the land? Slap the big orcs into submission.Do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want.
,Recommended,241930,29284523,Posted: 15 January,all,FriX,10/10 Would get cornered again
,Recommended,241930,21170166,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,ComradeWinston,"Imagine Assassin's Creed, if the combat was actually responsive and generally good. Although it suffers from a similar but less insufferable version of AssCreed'ssticky console mechanics syndrom, its doesn't hurt the game too terribly. The much touted nemesis system is pretty good but the way in which you lure out warchiefs is often convoluted and annoyingly specific. If you can look past those minor annoyaces, you have a pretty good game here."
,Recommended,241930,12625902,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,King Baddabing,"a single randomly generated orc in this game will provide you with more amusement than literally the entire game of Watch Dogs, 12/10 its ok."
76561198007282140,Recommended,241930,12324368,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Lo_OK,Totalllllllllllll
76561198092582635,Recommended,241930,12324396,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,HollywoodPurpose,WOW
,Recommended,241930,19462972,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Taktisches Hustenbonbon,"This was the first game, where i got every single achievement in the story mode. 'nuff said. This game is extremely good!"
,Not Recommended,241930,26497540,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Dan706,"This game had been recommended to me by reviews, workmates and close personal friends. It sat on my wish-list for a year before I got around to finally buying and playing it. I love the universe, love the concept of the game and the plot is interesting but I just couldn't get immersed in it.At first I found it hard to enjoy the game but because I was invested in the game I persevered for eight hours just to make sure, but after getting better at the control scheme and learning the combat it wasn’t getting any more enjoyable. The game started getting stale, as whilst the combat was good the fights were repetitive and the landscape didn’t change to give me a feeling of progressing towards the end of the game.The graphics were decent despite the poor optimisation for AMD cards and the resolution scaling was clever but the game chugged horribly when I had Crossfire enabled and ran significantly more smoothly on a single R9 280x."
,Recommended,241930,17003853,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ikrani,"Don't know if I'd say it's worth $50 for just the game. Sure, I've been having a blast playing the DLC campaigns, short as they are, but at the time of this review  the game has yet to meet my 1 hour/dollar mark that I believe is how games should be priced bare minimum.They might as well call this Arkham City: Shadow of Mordor, as not only are the Assassin's Creed and Arkham game mechanics replicated to plagiarizing detail, but the story is, too. ""_______ is just an average ______ until one day his family is murdered before his very eyes which compels him to seek justice on those responsible"". ______'s Wraith friend is a bit more interesting, in that we slowly learn more about him as the game goes on and even get a prequel DLC where he makes a doomed attempt to usurp Sauron.And, even though it'll probably garner a lot of hate, I don't find the nemesis system that compelling. The individual Captains really only get in the way when I'm either actively hunting them or travelling around. They never inspire the rage that my fellow gamers seem to feel when they kill me, just a weary resignation that I tried and failed. Plus, they never seem to be around during the main missions, the one time where I genuinely WOULD be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and would then have a compelling reason to seek them out: because having them out of the way means I can complete the story mission easier. Plus, while the Black Captains look really cool, the later boss fights against them are pretty lame, the last one committing the ultimate sin of becoming a series of Quick-Time events. Lame.I'll admit it was a lot of fun to brand Uruks and set them loose on their unsuspecting comrades (and thankfully the game saves that card until about halfway through), but there comes a point at which the entire Uruk army's upper echelons are my slaves and I'm left with nothing to do but stop myself from branding the few remaining non-loyal Captains, lest I have no more missions to watch them from. I think a welcome change would be to have the Captains you control occassionally come to blows with one another like they do normally, forcing one to pick a favorite or try to find some non-lethal way of ending the duel. It would've made for a much more interesting experience.But, despite all the salt I just poured on Middle-Earth: Shadow of Assassin's Creed, it really is a great game, adding something new to the Tolkien world that WB's been milking while also providing great gameplay and at least SOME incentive to seek out the collectibles. It has issues, yes, but if a sequel could be made that corrected what few flaws the game has, we'd probably get a game that would make gamers cream their drawers and put Ubisoft's corporate heads on suicide watch."
,Recommended,241930,12680216,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,0w0 n00b_pl4ys 0w0,"After playing this game for about 10 hours mostly doing the campaing and not looking for collectables and other things like that, I would say that this a enjoyable game and I'm not a die hard fan of the lord of the rings franchise but I enjoyed this game none the less. Now the story is a bit chiche in that your family is killed and out for vengence like most assassin games out there but this one takes the assassin genre and gives it a new style by letting you make the people you're hunting work by your side, hunt down people higher up in the chain and climb higher in the ranks and this is a really good way to do it. The nemesis system is also a great addition to this genre as one of your targets might get away and you'll have to hunt them down and they remember fighting you and sometimes you can leave scars on them and you can shape and change your enemies. I intend on going back to this game to get the collectables and comeplete side quests that I didn't complete before. I did have some problems with the climbing mechanics as sometimes you wouldn't go in the direction intended and this sometimes led to me failing a plan I had to brand someone or kill them and occasionally lead to me failing a misssion. Sometimes loyts of enemies would spawn in a huddle and this was odd at times but to massivley game breakingEven if you're not a fan of the series give the game a go and see if you like it or not"
76561197983131478,Not Recommended,241930,13094866,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,loki1944,"This is a game about losing. Over and over. I do not find that much fun. Sounded novel, but in practice it is just annoying as hell."
,Recommended,241930,19320058,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,mord,Ranger! This is a good game!
,Recommended,241930,16408810,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[TZS] Naberius,"Very fresh to the gaming market. Has a cool new take on the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Fighting warlords is probabl;y the best and hardest part of the game. Very challenging at times and very fun to skulk about Mordor, murdering orcs and their masters, taking control of some to murder their superiors. Come to think about it, this is also a control freaks wet dream of a game aswell. lol Either way if you have anything for single player RPG's and the lord of the rings youll love this game."
,Recommended,241930,19722348,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Erqury,One of my new favorite games. The LOTR lore is great and the gameplay is better. This is a game I will 100% complete every objective. 16 Hours in and 64% through.
76561198059342550,Recommended,241930,12321938,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sprunkles,"Played 41 minutes, so hooked it hurts."
,Recommended,241930,30052233,Posted: 19 February,all,Colin oscar pee,"Any dad's a queer without his gear, check it, a sword I came on, a bow I also wrote♥♥♥♥♥♥on with my stuff.-BroTeam, 2014"
,Recommended,241930,30493150,Posted: 13 March,all,Sofia Andres,NOT DISAPPOINTED!Story: 9.5/10Gameplay: 9/10Characters: 9.5/10Graphics: 9.5/10I'm amazed I was able to play the game on my Mac with high performance (15 inch MbPro w/ AMD Radeon R9 M370X).A lot of thumbs up for WB they made a lot of awesome action games!👍 👍 👍 👍 👍 👍
76561198031623507,Recommended,241930,12428737,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Othello,"Me before release: ""Please don't suck.""Me after release: ""It doesn't suck!""It's the weird lovechild of the Batman Arkham games, the Assassin's Creed games and, weirdly, Hitman. It's chaotic, fun and the nemesis system creates villains that you will love throwing off of cliffs, even more than the actual story villains; those are kind of bad.Story is meh, but they do try to make it compelling, so it's easy to forgive the parts that fall more flat. Gameplay is competent, missions are varied. Overall, you won't regret buying this - it may seem a bit... smaller than it seems though. Still, fun."
,Recommended,241930,13438860,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mathorus,Jogo muito bom!!!
,Recommended,241930,12892564,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,NANOHORIZON,"If an orc falls in Mordor, does anybody hear?This overcame technical errors on launch rather quickly to emerge as one of the best optimized games in a long time. I still sometimes have issues with menu flickering on crossfire.It takes place in an interesting down period between Jrr Tolkiens The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings, prior to the events of The Fellowship of the Ring. I played it for 8 hours straight, I couldn't stop.I'm not sure how many Uruk I've killed, several thousand atleast. They mostly died slowly, painfully in horror. If I could change two things about this game it would be even more sadistic and torturous, and I wouldn't have any of that dialogue in the loading screens, because you get to hearing those over and over again.Actually, it'd be really nice if you could force Uruk to perform lude sexual acts on eachother in photo mode, that'd be really great for my facebook wall. They could even offer gift card prints, those would sell really well."
,Not Recommended,241930,15630908,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,nicnex,"SLI support is non existant, game runs slower when SLI is turned on. Without sli game is slow even on the lowest settings using a gaming laptop from 2014. After buying the game and noticing the issues I googled the game and SLI issues. People are reporting even with titan GPU's in SLI game drops to 25 fps for them. Unfortuatlly for me I bought the game on steam so I'm not allowed to return it."
,Recommended,241930,15547967,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,mooseman,More like Assassins creed than Assassins creed
76561198223926116,Recommended,241930,15708235,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Pau Pau,"Great game, amazing graffics"
76561198049574869,Recommended,241930,13776365,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Careless Reaper (Lara),"I bought the regular edition, didn't go for season pass, and I must say, even after nine hours, I'm only 1/3 of the way through.What I can say about this game is numerous. The gameplay is hack-and-slash but incredibly well done. The stealth is almost flawless (except when the attract ability screws up and doesn't do as it should). The assassinations and parkour is, dare I say, 10x better than that in Assassins Creed (which, for Assassins Creed being a game ABOUT assassination and parkour, is rather impressive).The characters are rather well written and, if you're too lazy to read the Samirillian, it shows some lore extremely well.The ""Saron's Army"" system is rather impressively made, you can rank up one of your orcs to the top after a certain point of the game and every time you die, the orc who killed you is put into the ranks and made stronger and classified as your ""nemisis"". The more captains you kill, the more loot you get for your dagger, sword and bow but you also progress other orcs through the ranks including up to the Warlord. My only gripe with the system is if you don't kill a certain captain right, they keep comin' back to haunt you.The scenery is stunning and just amazing to see and honestly, you could take a minute to just look at the graphic design of the locations.Over all, I'd give this game a 9.7/10, only reason I say that is because there are some points in the story you can wonder what's going on."
76561198102532745,Recommended,241930,14186604,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,srgkabboose,awesome game
,Recommended,241930,12370133,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,RichieX1 [7CMBG],"This Game as Been The Game I have been wanting for Years!! Endless Enemies, Each with their own Personalites, Skills and Combat Abilites! The Nemesis System something Games should learn from! I have add enemy that as been Kick my Butt! I Finally Killed Him With My Dagger! But Fate and a second chance for him and he returned with His face scared and He told me about How I gave Him the scar then He Killed me! The Story Is great for J.R.R Tolkin fans and for people who didn't like Lord Of The Rings! This Game Will Convert and Lord of the Rings/ Hobbit Haters Into hardcore Fans! I Give This Game a 10/10 Their is Not game I Have enjoyed more this! That coming from someone Who 100% Fallout 3, Fallout New Vegas and Skyrim! You Must Get This Game!! But Be Warned This game is a Beautiful game! I have a Intel Core i7 4770k and a Nvida GTX 780ti Overclocked and I cant run at make Settings! For Ultra Settings It requires 6GB GPU! But Its is still amazing At High Settings!10/10     ""Its The innercorse of Video Games"""
76561198037504456,Recommended,241930,13889198,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Shazam,♥♥♥♥ing sick
,Recommended,241930,13511686,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Biggles,When I started the game I saw it's beauty. The story is great. The gameplay is marveling and I love this game I recommend it such a great buy.
76561198346422046,Recommended,241930,32951581,Posted: 28 June,all,MeSensei,Ewwww it is a ewwwwwwwwwwwwww it is ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww it is just like eeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww ASSASINS CREED: MORDOR it isnt bad but not good enough10/8    Is it worth it ? well it depends on you but for me well you sould buy it at summer sale not worth the original prise.
76561198077074043,Not Recommended,241930,12921111,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,SaMwIsE,"would be great if i could play it when i wanted to, keep getting shutdown errors when trying to load it. being more trouble than its worth..... waiting for dlc and have been since first week it released. not worth the money i paid for it at this point!"
,Recommended,241930,32944943,Posted: 28 June,all,FAYTONCU,Very good game but don't forget that it's 2014 graphics. I refund it.
,Recommended,241930,31580791,Posted: 6 May,all,Taylor,The game plays well and has good mechanics
76561198153641176,Recommended,241930,31571959,Posted: 5 May,all,ewebb1998,This is the best Assassins Creed game to date.
76561198183957327,Recommended,241930,15472826,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,djrosso75,Great game play a little rough at first but you settle into it! Graphics are great and it is a blast to play!
76561198079255468,Recommended,241930,15478135,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Grendizer,"Won't say much more about the game, it's fantastic, I like the Nemesis system and I hope we see it in an even more advanced state in the future.Spoiler!!!:Just a bit WTF about the last boss fight...seriously...only quicktime events? You fight epically for hours and hours against the strongest foes and then you meet the Endboss and all there is to to is pressing 4-5 buttons and the game is over. Made me a sad hunter."
76561198057011189,Recommended,241930,15478859,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,TheStoneMan,They don't like the japanese for some reason.
76561198077429566,Recommended,241930,15484196,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Chickenbowser,"A solid freeroaming♥♥♥♥♥Creed/Arkam Asylum hybrid that balances challange and fun. The nemisis system adds some complexity to what would otherwise just be a bland slaughterfest of orcs and the protagonist is tough but not so tough as to negate the need for strategy when facing captains and war chiefs. My one major nitpick is that the later warchiefs get stupid amounts of immunities (seriously many of them are immune to stealth attacks, ranged attacks, and melee finishers which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t).The story isn't anything notworthy but it adds enough to the LotR universe that it's worth checking it out for that alone.Flawed but none the less a solid game 8/10"
,Recommended,241930,15495112,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,caj,The graphics and gameplay are awesome with this game!
,Recommended,241930,15501633,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Dan,the best lotr games so far war in the north was good but this is icing on the cake if u liked batman arkham games and assassins creed  but wanted in lotr unvirse this is it
76561198146134614,Recommended,241930,15490711,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,DE ER NUTZ!!,very solid game inndeed
,Recommended,241930,15499525,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,lauxchase,enjoying it so far
,Recommended,241930,21103774,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,LemonLabrador[PL],Do you want nice game with a lot of fight mysteries and brutal orks murders? Well you finnaly found it.
76561198020441057,Recommended,241930,13845688,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Kimono Kurt Russell,"Better than any recent Assassins creed, save for Black Flag.  Worse than any Batman game, save for Origins.  Also on an unrelated note has almost nothing to do with LOTR."
76561198027349680,Recommended,241930,12459373,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Gazkhuul,You slay orcs and talk to Gollum. Need i say more?
,Recommended,241930,13848030,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Autism is Kwl!,
,Recommended,241930,12784671,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Technologic,I r8 8/8 m8
76561198073719416,Recommended,241930,12325925,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Ibex,This game is better than cystal weed damn son that is saying somthing!
,Recommended,241930,16372582,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Flingu,"So, i started out killing things.And more things.And more things.Then i found a quest.T'was to kill a Captain.I Was attacking him when another group of enemys showed up.Another Captain.And another group.And another.They were throwing bricks at me.I was inside a stronghold and there was 7 captains and elite captains attacking me at once.I slowly made a plan to hide on the top of a building and jump down when nobody was looking to sneak attack a boss.This plan took 2.2 hours but i killed them all.On the way out i was attacked again.Screw dis.11/10 - IGN - Would get gangbanged again."
,Recommended,241930,16385737,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,lovemypod,Love it
,Recommended,241930,12941854,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Talonvor,"****SPOILERS DUH****Let me start by saying that Shadow of Mordor is a fantastic and well developed game with a rich and exciting story and I give it a solid 9 / 10. However once you've finished playing through the story once or twice, you begin to notice the things that are missing from the game. Lets start with the quest area that the game takes place in. The questing areas are literally 2-3 square miles at the very most. I found that rather upsetting because Mordor is a massive place in Tolkeins universe, measuring 370 miles (595 Kilometers) by 400 miles (643 Kilometers). Its rather sad when you think about how very massive Mordor is, compared to the game area.Next you will notice that one of the main series of side quests is completely useless, you do 10 side quests for each of your weapons to improve them and make them legendary and feared across all of Mordor. The problem is that once you do these quests, not one orc will run in fear when confronted by your legendary weapons. So while its worth doing them for the slight damage bonus you get, they need to seriously rethink what a feared and legendary weapon is supposed to be.You will notice in the game that many areas are talked about, everything from Gondor to the Dead Marshes, yet we are not allowed to access any of those areas, we are stuck in our tiny game area, never to see anything that's beyond those areas. They could have easily solved this problem while at the same time made the weapons quests feel more worthy. Imagine if the game had forced you to travel to the dead marshes to recover a legendary sword/dagger/bow from that ancient battlefield, then return to the primary game area so that Celebrimbor could use a part of that legendary weapon when he reforges your weapons. Imagine hunting down a legendary weapon lost in Shelobs lair, perhaps you go there to recover some of her spiders web to be used to craft a new bow string that makes your bow do more damage.Imagine doing side quests where you have to gather up herbs needed by the various other groups of humans. Maybe then the gathering side quests would make some sort of sense. There are a ton of changes they could have made that would make the game feel larger than it does and while this game is excellent, it left me wanting more. I was disappointed when I discovered that travel between quest areas was reduced to a meaningless mouse click. Instead of facing the hazards that such a journey would surely bring, we simply disappear from one quest area and show up safely in the other.Two other things that I found to be missing was loot, there is no loot in the game other than collecting runes, and crafting. The crafting in the game is reduced to doing the weapon side quests to improve your weapons, at no point is your armor even mentioned and there are no side quests to improve your armor which, of course, leaves you wanting more.Perhaps their next version of the game will be an open world offering that lets us explore the whole of Mordor and possibly a few areas outside of Mordor. Maybe that offering will introduce loot beyond the gathering of runes and give us the crafting that would make weapon and hopefully armor upgrades more than simple side quests."
76561198036533143,Recommended,241930,31005294,Posted: 7 April,all,Hjv,I played this game on ps4 and completed the story.After some time I decided that I wanted to play it again but on pc so I bought it.My number one attraction to this game is the godly combat. The combat is amazing it feels very smooth and the executions... Insane.I like this game because of the combat system and the nemesis system.Im not going to make this a long review so ill just recommend it now.
,Recommended,241930,26596278,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The Lord Regent,warner brothers combos are always epic
,Recommended,241930,26598526,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,RAXER,"This game kill ur time, so addicting!!!"
,Not Recommended,241930,20323267,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Set-115689,Game is way too easy.
,Recommended,241930,28251169,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JavvieSmalls,A little repetitive at times but a lot of fun
,Recommended,241930,32998411,Posted: 29 June,all,Dee-sclosure-me,I would not put in gulag.
76561198015643991,Recommended,241930,33007017,Posted: 29 June,all,Denied,Shadow of Mordor is a game that is going to keep you on edge throught your entire experience. A 10/10 for me
76561198035626094,Recommended,241930,33036164,Posted: 30 June,all,Dadasa,Its fun
76561198040253898,Recommended,241930,12374143,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Drethnos,"Great game already put in close to 20 hours into it and i still enjoy the challenge of taking down the captains and warchiefs beaten the campaign and love the storyline, final fight was a little too easy for my taste but otherwise the game is amazing."
,Recommended,241930,33064705,Posted: 30 June,all,Batman,"Take Arkham Games, and Assassin's Creed and let them ♥♥♥♥ violently everyday after marriage of course cause we aren't sinners ;)... and you get this game."
76561198044821444,Recommended,241930,32877302,Posted: 27 June,all,#BleachRomani@,Recommend.
76561198005847762,Recommended,241930,33160160,Posted: 2 July,all,Dick Kickem,cool
76561198052417309,Recommended,241930,29847206,Posted: 11 February,all,john.braeside,Job done
76561197999564608,Recommended,241930,20954760,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Bluenaim,great game for a time...fights are epic...unfortunately bad port with poor controls let's it down...dumbed down controls
76561198145064998,Recommended,241930,33161729,Posted: 2 July,all,Derp .__.,"Pros:- You get to kill Orcs, bro.Cons:- When you finish the game."
76561198033766241,Recommended,241930,33532427,Posted: 14 July,all,alimeybrit,A steal for $4
,Recommended,241930,33533482,Posted: 14 July,all,Pashalietis,"It's actually a good game, and I bought it for 4 Euros"
,Not Recommended,241930,16574982,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Akio,"It's horrible combatsystem just sucks all the fun out of it. A mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ monkey could play this game, and be disapponted by the lack of challenge."
76561198018811171,Recommended,241930,12395918,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Fish Bazooka,Blown away through the first play through. Over time it will feel repetitive.
76561198045844406,Not Recommended,241930,33512928,Posted: 13 July,all,Fingolfin,This game doesn't involve a proper story . It's a sandbox game where you unlock certain skills and fight enemies that were thrown in to the box .
,Recommended,241930,12334179,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Cure,"Fairly good Arkham Asylum clone. Nemesis system is nice but I didn't feel like I got the most out of it during my playthrough. I only scarred one Uruk, and I only ever saw one guy come back for revenge. Also, the branding feature is introduced late game which was disappointing. I was expecting to be able to do a lot more, but it only comes in handy with regards to the main story. Branding Warchiefs doesn't really have that many advantages outside of that. The ending feels really rushed also. The final two bosses come right after another and the very last boss amounts to a QTE, and the ending is a cliff-hanger. The game also becomes pretty repetitive outside of story missions, and it feels like if you were to ignore messing around with the nemesis system and side-quests, you could complete the game in a very short amount of time.So it's pretty good, but I think the praise for it by some popular gaming websites is unwarranted. It's a 7 out of 10 at most. I recommend getting it when it eventually goes on sale."
,Recommended,241930,33317657,Posted: 6 July,all,margaretiak,As good as It should be
,Recommended,241930,33115835,Posted: 1 July,all,FlamingGorilla  [T{N}C],Loved this game. Gameplay gets a 9/10 just because i believe everyuthing can be improved. Story kept me going and all of the side objectives add on to the story so they all are fun to persue. The nemisis systemis a bit overhyped....but not by much it is AWESOME i love it. One of the best single player experiences and when it is always on sale as much as it is you cant go wrong. Absolutly one of the best single player experiences you can get I can absolutly recomend to anybody 9/10 can always be made better haha.
,Recommended,241930,33440709,Posted: 10 July,all,Popcorn Shrimp,"This game in MY OPINION is too simple yet too complicated. There are waaaaaaaaaay too many things you can perform in combat, but after all the flashy moves it really is just hitting left click until the game tells you to hit right click. I got the game for 3.99 on the summer sale so I didnt lose much and refunded it. Do I reccomend it? Yeah! I'm sure it can be very fun, (and the graphics are stupendous) but I personally don't like it."
76561198146472908,Recommended,241930,27641912,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FuzzyGiraffe,very noice
,Recommended,241930,28600016,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,El Fyñnos,One game to rule them all
76561198040532580,Recommended,241930,12646262,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Fuse,10/10 its ok
,Recommended,241930,13347968,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,polaris032,"Terrific game! What I like about this game the most is their are aspects of it that you don't see in many other games; like the way the orcs recognize they killed you before or that they talk about you when you are near them.  I also like how their army changes and gets stronger over time or when you die.  So don't die! Their are a lot of skllls and abilities to learn too so you won't get bored using the same ones over and over again.  The quests can get repetitive at times, but the story ones are good.  The graphics are amazing also.  One of the best games I've played all year.  I would absolutely recommend this game."
76561198006766432,Recommended,241930,20321632,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Kamoun,"This is the kind off next gen game to update your computer for. Just the sheer thrill of waging war on your enemies. Bathing in their blood and then exploding the last ones head is worth it. Trust me, if you like both fantasy and brawling then this game is sinceely for you."
,Recommended,241930,14217170,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Pettah,"Great game, Nemesis system is awesome, also runs smoothly on my notebook with most settings on high."
76561197991962805,Recommended,241930,14171245,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Slick Willeh,Doesn't suck
,Not Recommended,241930,13849618,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,LeX,can i give this game for a friend this game not working on my computer so can i ?
76561198028404266,Recommended,241930,30427738,Posted: 10 March,all,Flogo,"Definetly buying the new one, this is what i call an entarteining game."
,Recommended,241930,25110947,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Konoko,"I thought I reviewed this?Shadow of Mordor is awesome. It's like the Batman Arkham games if they were actually challenging. Orcs are hard to kill, because there's a LOT of them and there's a lot of types of orcs - there's those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who throw spears, the crossbowmen who are also really annoying, the berserkers who smash your face if you attack them, shield guys with spears...And captains. Oh man captains. If this game did not have the captains thing, the Nemesis™ System or whatever it's called, oh wow it would suck.So okay. Captains sometimes wander into your path. And if you get into a fight with one, you get a short little bit of dialogue from them, actually voiced too. This dialogue changes based on certain modifiers that they have, whether they are known to you or not. These modifiers can be just naming suffixes, such as 'the flayer' or something, which prompts that orc to spend a lot of time threatening to skin you alive, or 'the steady' which... makes that orc particularly unstable.This is really the focus of this game. At times, the main character isn't even your focus. You're busy trying to make this one captain a warchief so you can threaten him so you can get even better loot than you would normally at the cost of even more of a challenge.The modifiers captains can have are extremely varied. Sometimes they have fears that scare them away, sometimes they have weaknesses that result in an instant kill, sometimes they have immunities that render them invincible to that kind of damage or death. Sometimes they have a damage bonus added to their weapons, through some kind of enchantment - fire, poison, maybe frost or something like that. That sort of thing. Sometimes enemies with projectiles can fire three shots at once. Sometimes they can fire explosive bolts. And sometimes they CAN COMBINE AND SHOOT THREE EXPLOSIVE BOLTS AT ONCE. That's awesome.So fighting these captains, who are all randomly generated using first a class-type - is he a regular orc, or an archer, shield-bearing spearman, berserker, etc? Then they have modifiers applied, as well as their power level, which can add armor and change their appearance.This isn't even the coolest thing.Orcs can sometimes RETURN FROM THE DEAD TO ATTEMPT TO KILL YOU AGAIN. THIS is the coolest thing. THIS is what makes this game awesome. Even MORE unique dialogue is thrown at you. Just the amount of audio in this game you might never hear, simply because there's so many unique situations that you can be put into... it's phenomenal. And their names sometimes change over time also. So this guy, Otha the Raven for me eventually became known as Otha the Bag-head. Because basically his skull was being held together by a sack and probably some metal plating. This guy returned at the last minute just before the final boss. This was the coolest part of this whole game for me.Oh. And did I mention, if and when any of your buddies on Steam die, you can avenge them and kill them in your game, to get a reward and loot? It doesn't do anything in their world I don't think, but hey, it's awesome. Nothing is more awesome than being able to avenge one of the mysterious guys on your friends list, and then out of the blue Steam message them, ""I have slain Grublik Bloodletter the Spearman. You have been avenged.""So, yeah, this game is awesome. The tougher captains usually have to be approached in different ways, so usually the game is pretty fresh. You have to get creative sometimes to exploit a captain's weakness.The lore in this game is also awesome. The devs definitely read the Silmarillion and the full collection of Tolkien books. Which makes this awesome. This is why this game is possibly the definitive Lord of the Rings video game. None others I can think of even come close to being so faithful to the books.So, hell ♥♥♥♥ing yes do I recommend Shadow of Mordor. Pick it up on sale, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,241930,32768346,Posted: 25 June,all,Sleepy,a masterpiece...
76561198196613070,Recommended,241930,32769548,Posted: 25 June,all,Berti YT,NICE
76561198015314984,Recommended,241930,32662234,Posted: 22 June,all,Charlie Codd,"Good game, the only downside is Talion never hangs dong."
,Recommended,241930,32687209,Posted: 23 June,all,BangKris99,KEREN
76561198253614433,Recommended,241930,32716101,Posted: 24 June,all,AlphaTings,Mother of god this game is good
,Recommended,241930,32716614,Posted: 24 June,all,gigi,good
,Recommended,241930,19146119,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Plutonians,"Fun game, runs so smoothly, if you see a deal buy it!"
,Recommended,241930,19134532,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,.kkrieger,Awesome Game
76561198200704781,Not Recommended,241930,19137820,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,XxGoonSquad89xX,this game is awesome for the first 30 minutes. but gets very boring after that
,Not Recommended,241930,19137831,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Shadow98,"Played it both on the PS4 and PC, waste of money, but if you like these kinds of games go ahead... I just didn't find it ""Fun"", probably because I was so bad xD, the game itself was eye candy, and very well done, but the combat system is a huge learning curve and knowing special combos is a must or you will die :)"
76561198073749107,Recommended,241930,19138561,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Eastonmac432,"This game has taught me if my family dies, i get awesome powers.10/10 would watch my wife and child get slaughtered again."
,Recommended,241930,19139786,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Meatbrawl,"Not good enough to warrant full price, but on sale if it interests you, it's probably worth it."
,Not Recommended,241930,19153989,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Questy,I realized that this game feels shorter and a bit more repetitve than of the Lord of the Rings movies.
76561198062017948,Not Recommended,241930,20266809,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,sirnic,Absoultly horrible for the cost
,Recommended,241930,19144920,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,stabbyjones,not my favourite style of game but it kept me busy. Runs great on Debian!
,Recommended,241930,19155104,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Professor Hugo Strange,Yes.  This game is metal.   :thumbsup:
,Recommended,241930,31561372,Posted: 5 May,all,Capodecina,"Pro:Great Combat systemGreat class systemGreat Companions system ( you hire companions from other players )Great Endgame ( Online Boss you and others try to dps him down the more dps you do the better the rewardsCon:Outdated in a playerbase point of view... This means that after all the leveling and story playthrough you wont have much motivation to go all 200 levels till max becouse no one is playing it anymore.But its definetly worth playing as a single player even more than one playthrough( 1 is 40 lvls, 200lvls is cap).Needs some research in the class system befor you start becouse you might f@ck up the min/max of your char. Totaly worth it though becouse of the great system."
,Not Recommended,241930,19471209,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,OneManArmy,it just wont work i try to open it but it says error
76561197972263910,Recommended,241930,12311671,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Johnny Vegas,"Excellent game. Enjoyable, satisfying combat. Okay story.9 / 10."
76561198089756700,Recommended,241930,17325923,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Ice Daddy,This game is fabulousthats all i can saysorry if you expected more
,Recommended,241930,19008327,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Blatchie460,I rate 6.8/10. The game is great but is extremely repetative. The final boss fight was a QUICKTIME EVENT!!!! talk about LAZY!!!!
,Recommended,241930,12311534,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,【LH】 GordonBrown,Awsome game 10/10 Has No Equal in the style of Mordor!
76561198022706301,Recommended,241930,12322129,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,joeytman,"Man oh man. What can I say, this is one of the best games that has been released so far in 2014. Its no wonder why the user reviews are ""Overwhelmingly Positive."" I've heard the game is short, I haven't finished it yet but even if I had, it would be worth the price of admission. I have already gotten my money's worth, this game is absolutely phenominal."
,Recommended,241930,31685481,Posted: 11 May,all,RhYSJG89,good!
76561197993360834,Recommended,241930,12306062,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Hugolin,"amazing game, assasin creed in middle earth...and it runs smooth on my ati 290the nemesis system is amazing, and the open world great...must have for tolkien fans and assasin creed fans"
,Recommended,241930,12306138,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Nine,"The combat system is a mix between DR3, AC3/4 and Batman Arkham games. It is somewhat repetitive but I find the combat very enjoyable. Lopping off Orc heads never gets old. Be prepared to die quite a bit in the beginning as you start to learn the ins and outs of the game. I feel some on screen tutorial messages come a bit too late as well. Overall a solid game I plan on 100% completing and look forward to additional content."
76561198352990169,Recommended,241930,33422034,Posted: 9 July,all,1st Waffen SS divison,BEST GAME♥♥♥♥♥
76561198094240474,Recommended,241930,33420746,Posted: 9 July,all,Ollie,"Killed a captain. Captain was replaced by ""Olrok the All-Eater"". Killed Olrok 7 times. He is still alive and taunting me.10/10 would get salty about Olrok again."
,Recommended,241930,33426662,Posted: 10 July,all,EndiveJive,Bless your souls.
76561197995965937,Recommended,241930,12478970,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Rotting Flesh,"This is a must for any AC fans or action rpg fans alike, very fluid combat, and a great amount to be had for the price (38 hrs 100%), looking forward too the dlc 9/10 (minor bugs)"
76561197965510633,Recommended,241930,32902360,Posted: 27 June,all,NanoCube,Games worth the 3.99
76561198105523488,Recommended,241930,27643002,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rockybonez,gg
76561197962020710,Recommended,241930,32901852,Posted: 27 June,all,Malintyne,"Very fun, runs great and is a nice concept with the rivals system."
76561198040457022,Recommended,241930,27643180,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kaisimyr,great graphics amazing gameplay
76561197970420094,Recommended,241930,28710311,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,omThaz.exe,Awesome fight mechanics and a original enemy system. Gr8 fun!
76561198047134587,Recommended,241930,25819169,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,yellow,"There is only one real issue with this game - it is really repetitve. I guess that was unevitable in gme about undying ranger vs endless hodes of orcs. The plot is almost nonexisting but that is something expected from a slasher. All areas also look similar, there is nothing really distinctive. Still, it is one big area full of orcs who are really well done - to the point they somethimes spare your life to humiliate you."
76561198007197608,Recommended,241930,32185805,Posted: 4 June,all,[S]almon,"Shadow of Mordor (SoM) is an action game that plays similarly to the Assassin's Creed series but with an added RPG and strategy element. What’s unique about SoM is that as you travel around Mordor hunting and killing orcs you gain the power to control them and can maneuver to get your servants to control orcish hordes, thereby creating your own army.This system doesn’t actually play that big of a role in the game (at least it didn’t for me) and, while interesting, I found the whole thing to be kind of clunky in practice. For most of the game you’ll be fighting, sneaking and sniping alone just like if you were playing Assassin’s Creed.I’m not sure that SoM is quite as ground-breaking as some people have made it out to be, but it’s a solid action game overall. If you enjoyed any of the Assasin’s Creed or Far Cry games SoM is worth picking up. I won’t go into the plot because it was kind of ridiculous, suffice to say that I wouldn’t play this game if you’re simply looking for a good story."
,Recommended,241930,24931161,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Cherry - チェリー,Stress Reliever: The Game10/10
76561198153766755,Recommended,241930,28494776,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,bluedrumble,One of the best gaming experiences ever! 10/10 guaranteed. Nothing else to add. Just play it!
,Recommended,241930,13746299,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Cotter,...it's good. 69/10
,Recommended,241930,21963976,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,HonorableSEO,"Dude... yeah. It's pretty damn good. They need to work out some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bugs and glitches, they have some typo's sometime... but yeah... dude. It's good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Great story line when you follow the main missions. Took only maybe a couple hours to really start understanding how to use most of my tactics... took me forever to remember how to pick herbs. But it comes quick... I wish they went further into the story though, you can get lost in it. Fun... fun♥♥♥♥♥♥bro. Fun♥♥♥♥♥♥... and now you know."
76561197999695604,Recommended,241930,12459011,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,niin,worth it.
,Recommended,241930,17154877,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,[LH] Space Bat,"I'll keep this short as I hate writing reviews. This game is top notch. I've never encountered any noticable bugs, and it's absolutely fun playing. The combat is solid, the world is fun to explore (though I can't say there's a lot to explore), and the story is quite compelling, even if it is a cliche. Probably my game of the year from 2014, and definitely my second favorite LoTR game. 9/10 Would decapitate again."
,Recommended,241930,22684088,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,"So I finally got around to playing this... Shadow of Mordor, a game with a fancey production value, but very limited in scope. This game is a casualty of the ""sandbox"" influence. When a game is so overly designed to be a sandbox, none of the freedoms the game allows the player seem significant at all. What makes the sandbox aspect of games like GTA work is that the game is such a standard racing game or standard shooter in so many ways, so when it allows you that bit of freedom, it feels really special. Mordor, on the other hand, feels like everything is sort of there waiting for you, and nothing you do is really outside of what the game designers thought you would think to do. So this sort of game with one basic goal, hack and slash at orcs, would have worked much  better as a linear adventure game. As it is, you spend lots of time running from fights looking for arrows or healing herbs, wandering around, and running around the same stone ruins in the same setting for hours upon hours. While this game does have some nice movie sequences with good voice acting and great animation, graphics, and ambient sound, they are few and far between, and there is NOTHING that happens outside of Mordor, you are LOCKED into the same small bleak landscape for the entire game, and the look of it gets old, fast. Also, the terrain is all wrong for the type of parkour your character does, and the controls can get jerky at times, however the fighting is pretty solid, just very very repetitive. Where this games shines is the many different faces, stats, and other variables in the orc army, which shifts and evolves depending on the player's actions. There are no save or load screens, and getting killed in the game has real consequences. Just like you, your legions of enemies can retreat, regroup, gain XP, gain abilities, and level up. This creates immense strategic importance for timing your raids on enemy outposts. Did you botch your mission and get whacked? Well, sorry, but that lieutenant who pounded you got promoted and is now even tougher to beat, so you better not loose again to him. That's a pretty ingenious mechanic for a game like this, similiar to the turf war aspect of GTA: Vice City Stories, but much more dynamic and well detailed. (The orcs really is where the detail and production value of this game shines.) These gang war and army hierarchy mechanics are taken to their zenith in the DLC where you play as the Bright Lord, where you actuly recruit your own armies of orcs to accompany you on raids against your enemies. The Bright Lord campaign really is the best part of Mordor, however it is marred by some missions with VERY obtuse requirements, some of which just kill the fun and immersion factors. Again, just because you can climb all over everything doesn't make it a true ""sandbox,"" rather, being able to accomplish goals with any means possible would make this game a true sandbox, which it just isn't, If you're looking for a sandbox RPG, check out SkyRim. If you're looking for a GOOD sandbox RPG, check out UltimaVII. Shadow of Mordor is a fairly solid hack and slash game with many fun and streamlined mechanics from sandbox games sprinkled in, and no annoying inventory system to mess with. In the end, the game is solid but extremely limited in scope, and utterly repetitive. 5.5/10 Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,241930,33737924,Posted: 23 July,all,andrei.dueri,"The game looks very good, however the keyboard controls are a nightmare: too many different things to do at too many different (and non-intuitive) keys. I suppose it is better with an xbox controller, as Steam Controller is also a big fail."
,Recommended,241930,19466439,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,WWBaldE,"This isn't the Lord of the Rings game that we deserve, but the one that we needed."
76561197978137965,Not Recommended,241930,33566489,Posted: 15 July,all,½ sodium,Grossly overrated.  And the entirety of the boring map consists of two things: stone boulders and wood scaffolding.
76561197990659477,Not Recommended,241930,33564754,Posted: 15 July,all,Angry Cheeto,"All and all this game is great. Nice lore for an LOTR fan, fun and interesting collectibles, interesting system with use of enemies having varying strengths and weaknesses. The combat while fun makes the game feel much more like a console port with the repetitive use of the same keys for nearly every move. Nemesis system while interesting leaves a lot lacking, numerous times I met a foe that acted like we had some grand battle while he just ran off after setting off one his fears. Not to mention the Jesus orc, I killed the same guy 5 times within the span of 15 minutes. While it could be used to for interesting game play, it breaks immersion when I'm sitting there thinking “there is no way he is returning after I chopped his head off”. Lastly the reason for not recommending is that  while 70% of the game is fun, interesting, with limited farming, the last 30%  the game flat out cheats. The stronger enemies prove a bit more difficult but never overpowered however every fight(even just with captains) one or two additional captains come out making it impossible. So you're left either trying to survive long enough make a combo to kill one, or kitting them away to the far corners where you still have a 50/50 shot of another captain joining in."
76561198070605428,Not Recommended,241930,33699635,Posted: 21 July,all,Crappletini,"Sadly aimless. In this game's defense, there is a ton of content in the sandbox, but nothing about any of the quests drew me in. On top of how predetermined the storyline is by nature of being a prequel about an era in the LOtR universe everyone knows well, the character you play as is ridiculously OP. All of the tension dissipates the first time you are 'killed' when the game explains to you that you cannot die. You're a one-man, deathless army. It's impossible for the game to fee like it has any stakes at all. A lot of good things are here: it looks great, the combat is fun and fluffy, and there's some sort of neat ascension system with orcs you do and do not like. It makes me a little bummed to give it a bad review and return it."
,Not Recommended,241930,33574601,Posted: 15 July,all,Chicken Nugger,"Batman and assain's creen with lotr skin. This game was a huge disappointment. The gameplay can be very clunky and unresponsive. The main character can be a nice funny guy one second and a total♥♥♥♥♥♥the next his emotions are all over the place. The collecting in this game is horrible. They have you going into some out of your way places to get what boils down to 50 points to use on rune slots, but picking up a flower gives you 20. Even if oy ucollect all the collectables you get noting extra other than uninspiring text and dialogue that seems to eb ther just to make this 6 hour game feel longer. They could of atleast given yo ua skin or something but no. The nemesis system is the most over hyped thing i ever seen. They dont introduce it until well into the second half of the game and even then its nothing special. Infinite spawning orc's anywhere, you can take over every ork in s strong hold start a warcheif fight and it resets all the orc's so you waste your time. I saw orks constatly spawn in one spot even though there was no alarm set off and hte boss had no way to alert them. I started to skip the story after the second half it was just so uninspiring. If i could sum up this game in one word it would be uninspiring. Oh yead quick time event last boss."
76561198011445985,Not Recommended,241930,33575152,Posted: 15 July,all,Studsauce,Decent game I guess. Respawn of enemies during boss fights is insane. Seems like you can't get ahead with all the spawns and ranged attacks on you. Enemy AI is worthless and unchallenging during stealth. Upgrade system is boring and not much to look forward too. Also the nemisis system is pretty cool but pointless since only the warchiefs really matter. The rest of them are just for wasting time.
,Not Recommended,241930,33568071,Posted: 15 July,all,NandosEater64,terrible game. Spam mouse 1 and mouse 2 for fights and kill mobs of 15 orcs. Repetitive after 30 mins.
76561198044617500,Not Recommended,241930,33608940,Posted: 17 July,all,zeeger,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241930,33145482,Posted: 2 July,all,Fabman,"I recommend it to everyone who is a fan of the Lord of the Ring.Great story, great gameplay and graphics."
,Recommended,241930,31161698,Posted: 15 April,all,Pagan,"10/10 good at making your fingers numb, love it"
76561198044956808,Recommended,241930,25577162,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,[59th] Jumbo,Best game ever <3
,Recommended,241930,25018252,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,🅰🅳🅼🅸🅽  𝕂𝕽,One the best game I have play
,Recommended,241930,24597971,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Yang,its decent
,Recommended,241930,25019978,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Val_Thir13en,Amazing fun game for 15 bucks cant go wrong
,Recommended,241930,31938221,Posted: 24 May,all,✪deagle3,it is a delight full single palyer game.
,Recommended,241930,30225159,Posted: 27 February,all,Rasmus,"Amazing start, good thruout, bit dissapointing ending but its 100% worth the current 20 EURO pricetag! 7/10"
,Recommended,241930,12335639,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Punished Mannis,"Game is too easy plus it has no difficulty slider, died 2 times over 30hrs"
,Recommended,241930,12314440,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,EGGBABE,"Everything about this game is great. It takes the best parts of Arkham and Assassin's Creed, and makes them it's own. The nemesis system is engaging and rewarding, and even the collectables are fun and interesting."
76561198083315971,Recommended,241930,24700679,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,(DC) ✪椎名 ましろ✪,"I just love how you can trigger orcs in this in such satisfying ways. Like sometimes you'll just need to kick their grunts' asses, other times you'll need to ""release the hounds"", and there are those times when you'll need to explode 5 bonfires to burn their men to bring out the orc chief because half his face is burned out and it really triggers him when you burn his men."
,Recommended,241930,33366020,Posted: 8 July,all,stfgan,play this gem
76561198033707280,Recommended,241930,33711304,Posted: 21 July,all,Chelios,Wow. Super fun game!
,Recommended,241930,33715811,Posted: 22 July,all,BonBons,;>
76561198000929498,Recommended,241930,23836501,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,AceKing47,Great game! Hard to put it down because there are always more orcs to kill.
,Not Recommended,241930,33628833,Posted: 18 July,all,_Nope,"Now I know why it cost only 4€...Bad controls and camera, repetitive af, crazy fast respawns to keep you doing something (killing things that is) over and over again, expecting♥♥♥♥♥♥to change. That is crazy.Watch some YT vids if you think I'm bs-ing you.Here is the thing: get any CS, play only one map, with bots, rush B every time and you'll still get more gameplay variety than this whole thing."
,Not Recommended,241930,33714513,Posted: 22 July,all,Buraknuco,"I keep getting told someones camp is not that far away, *looks on map* other side of the flipping map."
76561198120028757,Recommended,241930,19330765,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Shura,Best game ever.
76561198094686014,Recommended,241930,19313502,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Abysse,dank af
76561198031256306,Recommended,241930,31995421,Posted: 27 May,all,𝐻𝑈𝙇𝒦𝙈𝒜𝒩™,one word ...Amazing.Cannot wait for the sequel
76561198150898628,Recommended,241930,12939779,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,vx89,a little overpriced for a remake of assasins creed.
76561198147928967,Recommended,241930,28835739,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MaxIX,One of the best games i have ever played.
76561198124679058,Recommended,241930,33791918,Posted: 25 July,all,P@P@#Weed_Mode,Awesome game... Waiting for the second
,Not Recommended,241930,33842990,Posted: 27 July,all,ProgSys,"You clear an area, climb around a wall and then back, and BOOM MAGIC all enemies just respawn like nothing happened. This happens all the time and I be honest it just kills all satisfaction fighting the orks.My PC has enough memory to keep an area clean for like 5 minutes."
,Recommended,241930,19051012,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Talus,"Amazing visuals, awesome voice acting, excellent combat system very similar to the Arkham City/Knight Batman brawler system except with a sword, bow and dagger. Lots of things to find, collect, achievements to get and Uruks to slay! I didn't think this would be as good as it is, though I fear I may be finished with it within a week if I do not spend time on the side content! For Gondor!"
76561198094765961,Not Recommended,241930,19940250,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,隼,"Сразу скажу , что это исключительно субъективное мнение человека , который осилил половину Сильмариона , а также всю трилогию Дж. Толкина ""Властелин колец"" , так что ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ые тряпки придержите при себе хотя бы до того момента , пока не прочитаете сей обзор . Итак , начнём-с.Пожалуй начнём с плюсов :Действительно неплохая графика , даже на моих средненьких настройках внешне игра мне очень понравилась.Неплохой сеттинг... да да да , не хороший , а именно неплохойПонравились фишечки с нахождением всяких древних артефактов и реликвий.Динамика боёв очень недурная , реально получаешь кайф от того , как красиво можно раскидать пару десятков орков.И.... всё ? Да всё.Перейдём к минусам:Абсолютная неканоничность , взяты только основные урывки из истории , не болееОднобразность прохождения ( Сходи туда , убей там , сходи обратно , убей тут и так далее ) Кайф от того , что нужно вырубать всяких вождей и капитанов пачками , только ради того , чтобы идти дальше по сюжету , так себе.По факту спёртый движок с сами знаете чего , не оправдывает себя в игре , кроме парочки красивых прыжков он ничего не даётСтелс , да , он вроде есть , но его нет . Возможность залезть в кустики , пару раз подкрасться , и залезть на стену , вот и весь стелс.Куча ненужных  побочных заданий , и непонятная прокачка оружия  , которая бессмысленна , если ты не вынес 40-50 капитанов и с десятков вождей.Ну и Главное. АБСОЛЮТНО убогий сюжет . Складывается впечатление , что игра создавалась не ради сюжета или его подобия , а ради графончика и сеттинга . Из всех ответвление доставило пожалуй только сюжетное ответвление с Крысарием и то , только из-за юмора.Вот пожалуй и всё . Надежд , как и денег эта игра не оправдала .Моя оценка 5/10"
76561198052167107,Not Recommended,241930,20103878,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,gameelder,"I am truly disappointed by this game.  It's not that it's a bad game, but it's definitely not what I was let to believe by the trailers.  The game is basically one giant open world map filled with orcs to kill and orc leaders to assassinate.  If you like an open combat orc killing simulator this is exactly the game you want.  If you want any story whatsoever, you'll be disappointed like me."
76561198298308553,Not Recommended,241930,33817683,Posted: 26 July,all,cucumbnana simmons,"boring game, i can just spam the block button, then noone can kill me, mad max and batman arkham knight is great tho"
,Recommended,241930,32335628,Posted: 10 June,all,-=NIMH=-,No words can describe how awesome this game is....I AM IN MIDDLE EARTH!
,Recommended,241930,19442236,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Alucard,"Do you like dismemberment of multiple proportions? Killing orcs left right and centre? Well imagine those two sexy mechanics had a kid. Well, this game is that kid."
,Recommended,241930,31735893,Posted: 13 May,all,SSS | CaptainJackValdy,Looked at a fatass Uruk bullying his slaves. I kill the Uruk. The slaves run into the fortress with more Uruks.10/10 Would have Stockholm Syndrome again
,Recommended,241930,12465566,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ling-Ling,"Perfectly optimized, seamless world, assasins' creed like stealth model.5 of 5"
76561197994298061,Recommended,241930,13772117,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mert,Good times. pretty easy though and that nemesis stuff sounds good but i died like once the whole time so it felt meh to me because i never really got to see it in play. simple game but solid combat mechanics
,Recommended,241930,19400877,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Miku,Awesome game!
76561198141184443,Recommended,241930,19399648,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,CLEGANEBOWLHYPE,"Really nice story and good combat system. If you like assassins creed, you will like this."
76561198043425561,Recommended,241930,16015905,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,MajorFletch,"A fantastic game with plenty to offer. Fun combat, great voice acting, addicting challenges, and an epic land to explore."
,Recommended,241930,16021421,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,shentokozil183,"I love this game, think assassins creed but with less boring intermediate stuff and better free roammiddle earth shadow of mordor is to assassins creed as dishonored is to thief IMOcan't recommend it enough"
76561198134015422,Recommended,241930,16023986,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,HenriquesJ,"Amazing game, great graphics, 8/10 story, 9/10 gameplay, overall 9/10, Never get bored from this game"
76561198115552895,Recommended,241930,16022940,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,runnerinmask,amazing game
,Recommended,241930,32821346,Posted: 26 June,all,Maik Z. | DE csgopositive.com,good game
,Recommended,241930,33379548,Posted: 8 July,all,Guardian,"Oh man do i have a lot to say about this game. At first, the game seems to be a bit of a drag, so to speak. Although, once you start to progress to the fourth, fifth, and six missions, you start to realize that this game was your money's worth.Last words:YOU CAN TAKE OVER URUKS TO KILL BOSSES FOR YOU"
76561198272600578,Recommended,241930,33379977,Posted: 8 July,all,t3utu,Good game man!
76561198012598946,Recommended,241930,19396442,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,OpusMioda,"hack & slash general game play. pretty much spread, lube, insert.  just don't died or it will add a billion hours of game play."
76561198008596921,Recommended,241930,33328023,Posted: 6 July,all,DCrop,4 BUCKS? GAWL DANG!!!
76561198035649542,Recommended,241930,19403642,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,rcamer6,Really cool story that fits with the lore. Great and satisfying gameplay. Great overall game
,Recommended,241930,13705525,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,esampson24,"I have been called ""maggot"" and ""meat"" by countless Uruks.  I thought my character's name was maggot, but no, I am Talion.10/10 would maggot again"
76561198103336086,Recommended,241930,30252433,Posted: 28 February,all,✪ thuND3R,Super awesome game to have :)
,Recommended,241930,32793237,Posted: 25 June,all,FocusBoxHero,Will showup as a Complete Steam Game tally if campaign game reaches 100%. No nead to gain every achievement.
,Recommended,241930,12673906,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,King Clay467,"This new installation of Assassin's Creed really brings a new atmosphere. Ezio has gone into witness protection and changed his name to Talion. As a measure of self defense, he trained with Batman to expand his knowledge of combat and martial arts. Occasionally throughout the game, Ezio does an assortment of drugs, causing him to think that he has wraith abilities, such as jumping from extremely high heights and not dying, which in reality, is because of the wagon full of hay that he falls into. Thankfully, we don't have any of the ""present day"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ story that nobody really cares about, so the game does have some improvements on its predecessors."
,Recommended,241930,33377336,Posted: 8 July,all,"Ocean man, take me by the hand.",Chat♥♥♥♥♥♥get banged
76561198056155913,Recommended,241930,14381140,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,jamescanady69,very cool game....
76561198148047986,Recommended,241930,14380705,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,drankin7,YES !!!! 10 OUT OF 10
76561198066438107,Recommended,241930,23915869,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Who Dat?,"Do you like to kill? GET THIS GAME!Do you like LOTR? GET THIS GAMEDo you like character upgrades? GET THIS GAMEdo you like feeling like your totally immune to everything around you? GET THIS GAME!Pushed uruk off of a cliff and a few weeks later he came back to suffer the same fate, he never dies but he comes back for more looking uglier each time 10/10"
76561198118409513,Recommended,241930,17590154,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,wh1sper_123,"what can i say, 3rd best rpg i ever played only beated by dragon's dogma and demon's souls. so, i'll just write about the bad- story... meh, the little there is would probably better be avoided, at least it wouldn't be cliche WTF- combat... as awesome as it is, it could use less on the rails and more on control- if there wasn't annoying game breaking forced cinematics, game would be even better. forced cinematics... are just terrible repetition of lame coments, ♥♥♥♥ing up with your camera, breaking the flow of the fight and there are way too many of them. why do writters think gamers love nothing more than having their game constantly interuppted by same sentence and same animation. probably some weird egotrip coolaid"
76561197970563313,Recommended,241930,12369499,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Urazz,An excellent game!  I highly recommend it.  Extremely fun combat and stealth game.  The high point for me in it is the nemesis system.  I've been jaded by crappy lord of the ring games in the past so this one was a pleasant surprise for me.
76561198032539511,Recommended,241930,21118622,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Invictus,*BRIGHT LORD DLC IS TRASH IN EVERYWAY* Other than that the game is legendary.
,Recommended,241930,34451723,Posted: 23 August,all,Jim_Puff :^),it's so good that they wrote books about the game and made six movies
76561198022554720,Not Recommended,241930,34254337,Posted: 15 August,all,InVs,"LISTEN HERE LISTEN if you get this game for $4 and below than it is WORTH IT BECAUSE OF THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAMES ENDING THE GODDAMN ENDING AND THE LAST 2 BOSSES ARE ABSOLUTELY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ EVERYTHING I REPEAT everything in this goddamn game is brilliant except for the fact that they DIDNT GIVE TWO ♥♥♥♥♥ ABOUT THE FINAL 2 BOSSES. EVERYTHING is brilliant, HOWEVER the things that make me not recommend this game is the fact that half way through the game you start to see the story tellers not give a ♥♥♥♥ about their world and their bosses. Sure you can argue that the nemesis system is brilliant and how combat is fun HOWEVER THAT DOES NOT EXCUSE THE FACT THAT THE THING THAT STANDS OUT THE MOST AFTER COMPLETING THIS GAME IS THE LAST TWO GODDAMN ♥♥♥♥ING BOSSES. *SPOILERS*There is a total of 3 main bosses for you to fight.The first boss is like every other minion kill him using all of your powers etc etc pretty alrightThe 2nd boss FORCES I REPEAT FORCES YOU TO USE STEALTH AND NO OTHER WAY TO DEFEAT HIM it just hammers your head by saying oh... you wanted to fight him in some epic fight? cause he's a strong character?? NO ♥♥♥♥ YOU WE WILL FORCE YOU TO ♥♥♥♥ING STEALTH KNIFE HIM EVERY TIME, and once you hit him with your stealth attack you have to find which one is the real one and AGAIN STEALTH KNIFE HIM OVER AND OVER AND OVER TILL HE DIES NOTHING ABSOLUTELY DISGRACEFULThe final boss i swear to the good lord of the world. Is the worst i have ever seen..... QUICK TIME ♥♥♥♥ING EVENTS. THE FINAL ♥♥♥♥ING BOSS IS A ♥♥♥♥ING QUICKTIME EVENT. When you enter the area for the final boss fight it's basically.... CUTSCENE, QUICKTIME EVENTS, CUTSCENE, CREDITS THAT'S IT THAT'S ♥♥♥♥ING IT THAT IS ALL YOU GET FOR THE FINAL BOSS ABSOLUTELY JACK♥♥♥♥♥♥Please i repeat i really did enjoy this game i really did the nemesis system really was fun to mess around with. However the fact that they didn't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about the final bosses is just.....♥♥♥♥♥♥...... get this on an offer or you will feel robbed of your money...."
,Recommended,241930,34451684,Posted: 23 August,all,CharlieSK802,fun
,Recommended,241930,27348402,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,hoi_gr,"Amazing fight mechanics, variety of action and a no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t story.It is relatively short (you can finish almost everything in 25 hours) but it will keep you hooked and begging for more.The ending and major bossfights are the only big letdown no doubt but the game as a whole feels excellently compact and well rounded.Easy buy, 9/10."
76561198071029602,Not Recommended,241930,34384491,Posted: 20 August,all,Wartard,"A game that doesn´t really have a lot of identity, it leans heavily on Asassins Creed mechanics when in stealth/open world and the combat is generaly stale. Artificial difficulty best describes this game, the combat system isn´t interesting so instead of making enemies that are varied and a fun challenge to fight they just make the orc captains immune to some things and weaker to others. The info you need on their strengths and weaknesses is very easy ( and repedetive ) to come by. They also have strongholds where you need to kill some captains and warchiefs wich pretty much just means that if you get seen, you´ll get swamped by an armada of orcs and you just have to run. You could fight 20+ of them at the same time but it takes forever since you can´t ground execute the stunned orcs ( getting hit cancels the animation ). The open world isn´t particularly interesting to explore, you can collect artifacts and some kind of symbols on walls ( don´t even know what they are ) but again it´s just walking up to it and pressing R1. There are some things in the game that make no sense at all lore wise, it feels off to me but anyone not interested in lore will not care. All by all just not good, no idea where it got it´s good reviews because to me it´s just stale and repedetive.I bought this game on a 5EUR sale and that it was definitly worth but I wouldn´t recommend it at all at full price. I think I´ll sink a maximum of 20 hours into this game so I´d say to me it would be worth about 10EUR."
76561198174256037,Recommended,241930,24435708,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Majorconnor10,This game is SO FUN!!! Love the lotr and the story behind it. 9/10
76561197968948591,Recommended,241930,28516289,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mr. Johnson,It was ok. Just play the original Assassin's Creed and Batman: Arkham Asylum for a more genuine gaming experience. This was was a rather blatant rip-off of the two.
76561198203870672,Recommended,241930,30249557,Posted: 28 February,all,Bruhnsy,buys this plays this for 1 hour new game announced.... winning
76561198119402357,Recommended,241930,30885224,Posted: 1 April,all,danny--,.
76561198020964411,Recommended,241930,19175662,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Monadnock,"EXTREMELY immersive.  The nemesis system is amazing, as is the combat.  Actually, everything about the game is pretty amazing.  Sure, it takes a little while to get the controls down (I use keyboard/mouse) and understand what's going on, but once that happens, it's Orc killing time.Edit:  I got a solid 35 hours of very fun playtime out of this game, but it's certainly feasible that it has some replayability as I had not finished every side quest."
76561198094331285,Recommended,241930,23864826,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Memeboi,10/10 Would decapitate Orcs & Uruks again.
,Recommended,241930,29098607,Posted: 7 January,all,Ecliptic,This game is one of the best games I have ever played. I own it both on XBox and PC now andd they are great play throughs. The combat is well designed and I guarentee that you won't want to get out of yeour seat after playing this game!
76561198119493574,Recommended,241930,13261819,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Scots,Awesome!
,Recommended,241930,18874302,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ancient Demon,This is by far one of the best games.
,Recommended,241930,33490410,Posted: 12 July,all,UnidesTristan,"Stab orc silently or loudly and get blood on your boots.  Dying makes you stronger, and killing, and finding, and traveling.  Then enjoy stabbing more orcs in more and more intricate ways while: Jumping from ledges, riding wild giant dogs, sneaking from the bushes, running directly at them, then sneaking last second to brutalize, all very satisfying, and thats just scratching the surface.  Assassins Creed reskinned as LoTR!"
76561198020950285,Recommended,241930,33490506,Posted: 12 July,all,Silverwarg,"So and so, it has its moments, but the annoying little flaws in the story together with the pronounced ""Kelebrimbor"" instead of the proper ""Selebrimbor"" really kept ticking me off.And for reasons never explained I could jump out from 15 story buildings and land unharmed, but if someone bash me with a shield I take damage...Still had its moments, and the middle third of the game was quite engaging. So if you want a B-story for a cheap buck, by al means, get it. Replay value... Not much, unless you like to repeat the unchallanging fights and some of the most unintuitive key bindings I've EVER come across.(I don't know how many times I threw a snitch-orc off a ledge to their deaths because I released E instead of W.)A good thing at least was that none of the cutscenes had Talion lose his weapon in a fight, and considering he's a man who can jump a 7 m wide gap and fall an additional 12 m only to stop the fall by grabbing onto a plank with his bare finger tips, I'd find if such an event quite unlikely unless his opponent was an Oliphant on steroids.Now over to the full rant:God damn concol-peasants infecting the gaming development. No massive glitches, thankfully, but the lack of toggle keys, cancerous Quick Time Events and Talion gluing his hand to every piece of masonry he happens to have near him really are things that shouldn't plague a PC game. And having the same key for jump/sprint/dodge has the be the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing I've ever had to endure. And god... All those useless skills. Half of them I never even needed in battle, I used them once to get passed a tutorial or event, and that was it.And hey, I see you beat our final Quick Time Event, would you like to attempt a 100% Comple*Quit*"
,Recommended,241930,33490915,Posted: 12 July,all,deflime,Ever wanted to decapitate 500 orcs?
76561198165224900,Recommended,241930,33489881,Posted: 12 July,all,SirMortem,i got it on launch and 100% it and now im doing it all over again
76561197970408752,Recommended,241930,29130779,Posted: 8 January,all,squishysdomain,"I read mixed reviews of this game before I bought it.  It was a friend of mine who eventually said I should play it and I am glad he did!Like all RPGs you start off in a smal area with very few skills and have to skulk around avoiding enemies that are much stronger than you are.  You do some small things and gain experience and build and build and build until you can take on 3 war chiefs and all his minions at the same time.  That feeling of power you get at the end of the game is hard won, but it is won, unlike some games where the bad guys seem to upgrage to keep pace with you (e.g. the other from-a-film title, Mad-Max).  Also unlike Mad-Max, where they trap you in a room until you die or prevail, you always have the option to run, regroup and come back stronger.  Even if you die the worst that happens is the boss guy gets promoted and you have to find someone else to fight until you are strong enought to face them again,For those of you who have reservations like I did I am here to tell you that this game is a great RPG and better than most on the market today."
76561197968332649,Recommended,241930,14762610,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Martinos,Such a great game!  Think if Assassin's Creed gameplay met Batman: Arkham series fighting!  Throw in a pretty open world with lots of missions to keep you busy and the fact that you can just hunt down and murder bosses when you're bored and you've got this game right here!
,Recommended,241930,33342219,Posted: 7 July,all,MacShackPaddyWack,"r8 8/8 m8 its gr8. no but seriously this game is a must have for anyone who likes open world games. personally I dont think any can be complete me more than skyrim, but shadow of mordor comes damn close! give it a play and you will not regret it."
76561198077507250,Not Recommended,241930,33109806,Posted: 1 July,all,alian92aaron,"very buggy, random crash, check online, many other nvidia having the issues also, unplayable"
,Recommended,241930,24356431,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,しろ {Daezcon},Good game with the best graphic i've seen for a long time.It's not a smooth combat system so you need to be presice when ur going to attack a certain enemy
76561197982877381,Recommended,241930,12311059,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Dethstarr,"Another console RPG with the same crippling Field of View?  Yes and No. Yes it has the crippled field of view and it is a major drawback.  Made worse because it is a relatively good looking game and now runs well.Better than almost any other very similar games (and there many) but with a LoTR feel.  For me this helps it a lot as I very much like the theme.Being a game where you want to be aware of what is around you.  The peering through a mail slot field of view which plagues console ports is particularly obvious here.  Especially when involved in combat or assassination, this is nausea inducing and particularly frustrating because it would be a lot of fun otherwise.  I will try not to mention it again but it is mind blowing. This could have been game of the year :-)  *on something not that isnt a console which would have meant more. if anything does these days with the big companies buying reviews and awards..The voice acting stands out as far less corny than many console RPGs and is not overacted and the guy sounds a bit ""middle earth"".  The story feels appropriate to Middle Earth too which is probably quite hard to achieve.The plot line is fun and some of the missions very entertaining."
,Not Recommended,241930,33024715,Posted: 29 June,all,[TGH]TeraBad,"A better asassins creed game, last two bosses are quicktime events."
76561197968475087,Recommended,241930,13123616,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Bob Swashbuckler,"Waste of good money, if you want this game atleast wait untill it gets cheaper because they are going to release the rest of the game in form of DLC.Im so dumb to fall for the trailer that the 50euro i spend was a fair punishment for my stupidity.Other than that its ok fun but not worth full price."
76561197965557066,Recommended,241930,18786192,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Usernamexists,"Assassins Creed and Batman had baby in Mordor. I kinda want to know what they were doin there in the first place lol. For reals though, its fun and far from easy. I dig it."
,Not Recommended,241930,33874523,Posted: 29 July,all,bOba feet,"very annoying game to play, the combat is sick af and it has good textures.... but everything else garbage. Story missions feel like side missions. If you have played the witcher 3 dont buy this game for the story."
,Recommended,241930,18930131,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,♕Ya Boi Ares♕,I love this game! So much fun!
,Recommended,241930,19169286,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Purchuyo,That's a great game. Need a second version.
,Recommended,241930,12335062,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,LStreet^^,♥♥♥♥
76561198018196425,Recommended,241930,34086773,Posted: 7 August,all,harsh8686,"This is one of the best games I have played. Great graphics, brillent gameplay and story."
76561198292244679,Recommended,241930,34082206,Posted: 7 August,all,markylester,i downloaded it twice but i cant run the game once it is finish downloading.
76561198318669566,Recommended,241930,34081827,Posted: 7 August,all,dank yato !!!,"ITS DA BEST FU CKIN GAME M8 ,, RAIDING THAT GIANT THING AND MAKING MY CARAGORES FIGHT FOR ME .... FU CK THE LORD OF THE RING  M8  IM THE LORD OF THE CARAGORE !!!"
,Recommended,241930,32000019,Posted: 27 May,all,Oliee,:].
76561198053615090,Recommended,241930,32986102,Posted: 29 June,all,ZekOo,beast game ever
,Recommended,241930,32986178,Posted: 29 June,all,TokenTazmanianDevil,gr8
,Recommended,241930,32986551,Posted: 29 June,all,FunnyD34th,Press Left mouse to kiss my wife. Best part ever 11/10 Kissing wife emulator game
76561198080641454,Not Recommended,241930,22103653,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Joe,"♥♥♥♥♥ending not worth, you press three buttons to beat the boss. gg wp 3/10"
,Recommended,241930,25174506,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MrTestOne,"Rating: 6/10Definitely not a full-prize title, since gameplay gets repetitive quite fast and gameplay suffers that way a lot. However I still rate it positively, since it makes a lot of fun to fight thorugh large mobs over and over again and finally ending in fighting a boss mob. I assume fun comes from good mechanics and great graphics/atmosphere. I'm not a fan of ""The Lord of the Rings"", yet still enjoy playing that game."
76561197971767785,Recommended,241930,12430699,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ALBERTWAFFENSS,THIS IS THE GAME OF THE YEAR IN MY OPINION IF U DONT HAVE IT GET IT NOW
76561198261739789,Recommended,241930,33491214,Posted: 12 July,all,︻デ═── ExPeNDaBLeS,Fire)
,Recommended,241930,33489696,Posted: 12 July,all,Gibberish,"Fantastic game. Beautiful graphics, great storyline and hours of entertainment. Requires good levels of thinking in some places so it keeps you on your toes all the time.I bought this during the summer sales 2017 for £3.20, however I would still pay the full price of £15.99. You really do get your money's worth and it's even cheaper than Minecraft!10/10"
,Recommended,241930,33491122,Posted: 12 July,all,neurothrall,"I was kind of skeptical about getting this game, but it was on sale for $4Story is about 10 hours, but this is one of the few (semi) linear games that I could play over and over.Honestly I'm going to play through story again.If you even only (kinda) like LotR this will. Suck you inIt's not the best game but it definitely sets the standard of how a great game should be. I've put in about 12 hours (disregard what steam says I've been playing offline a bit since WiFi went out)And this game sucked me in. I will be buying Middle-Earth: Shadow of War when it comes out just because the team did such a great job. On this one, I put faith into them.9.5/10"
76561197972292938,Recommended,241930,34351411,Posted: 19 August,all,Ribald,"One man to kill them all, One blade to cut them,One move to mutilate them all and in the pain bind them."
,Recommended,241930,12314681,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Validuz,Like Assassins Creed but... Good.First off i can say i dont like Lord of the Rings games in general. I feel like they use the brand to moneygrab as much as possible.I played alot of AC when 1&2 came out but now its just silly... Havent touched the new ones.And here it is! Shadow of Mordor. I read up on it as the game mechanics seemed intresting and i just fell in love with it. its absolutely glorious. 9/10.Overall: It looks good. It sounds good. It plays good!++ Graphics.++ Gameplay.++ Voice Acting.+ Living world.+ Open world.+ Music.+ Combat.+ Stealth Mechanics.+ Fluent Movement.= Story.- Climbing controls are somewhat of a problem. Nothing major.- Very rare occation where the came angle is weird.
,Recommended,241930,31067322,Posted: 10 April,all,Probably Not Xho,9.5/10Killed an Uruk. Kept coming back. Still polite as he was the first time I killed him.
,Not Recommended,241930,16146930,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Vexblackheart,"I wanted to like this game. It has some real potential but I feel like it is unfinished. If you've played Assassins Creed, Batman: Arkham, or Remember me... you've played this game.I just had a situation where I activated a mission to kill 10 enemies with the bow and a bonus objective of 10 head shots.I start the mission and I have arrows flying at me from every direction.Then the bad game design reared it's ugly head.In what seems like an instanced area with scores of archers spawning, THREE Captains spawn out of nowhere. Think of these guys as mini bosses.One of them had a shield, and shielded enemies require you to react to their attacks with space bar. This mechanic has been used in all the games I mentioned above but, for me, it felt like pressing the space bar only works 50% of the time in Shadows of Mordor.Again, this game feels slightly unfinished to me.But that is beside the point. There was really nothing I could do. No matter how good I was at fighting three Captains at once there was no way to dodge the hail of arrows from the ""Mission"".I ended up killing one of the weaker Captains before I died.And when you ""engage"" a Captain and die, they get promoted (more powerful and harder to kill later). I had to sit there and watch the archer who killed me level up and the two random Captains also level up.I've exited the game in disgust two times before this last, extremely frustrating experience.I wish I would have spent the money on Witcher 3 instead..."
,Recommended,241930,33094926,Posted: 1 July,all,mandible,Best game 10/10
76561198127028797,Recommended,241930,33091176,Posted: 1 July,all,The Trainspotter,Worth the sale price
,Recommended,241930,33095277,Posted: 1 July,all,HaVarK,Great game and can't complain for £3.50
,Recommended,241930,18278399,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Couscousy,"But filthy tricksy ranger somes along. Cruddy ranger. Smelly, stinky ranger. He hurts us! He steals from us like bagginses... bagginses."
,Recommended,241930,30454890,Posted: 11 March,all,Robbyk,"This is the most fum i've had in gaming in 20 years. Great graphics,gameplay,and story. One word,.....BRUTALIZE !!!"
76561198034964235,Recommended,241930,30456876,Posted: 11 March,all,glorfindel1776,Fun Game with pseudo open world concept.
76561198060684365,Recommended,241930,30451882,Posted: 11 March,all,Billy,"Mordor, orcs, evil forces. A ranger (you) that beheads the bad guys. Get this game.Don't expect the game to stricty follow Tolkien's universe, but it's pretty good nonetheless.Combat system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic. The finishers can be quire gorey, but hey they're orcs and uruks so who cares?Graphics are very good.Story is decent.Quest are varied and can sometimes be challenging.Kill those uruks in command and get yourself into the Black Citadel.5/7 would♥♥♥♥♥♥orcs again"
,Recommended,241930,30456157,Posted: 11 March,all,Dink,Easy game. Pretty basic story. One of the most fun I've had with a stealth game for awhile.
,Recommended,241930,30448198,Posted: 11 March,all,Pika Akinbayev,"If you ask someone and they say dont get this game its not worth it. DONT TRUST THEM. Man I love this game, cant wait to play the sequel this summer. GET THIS GAME AND ITS SEQUEL"
76561198083196780,Recommended,241930,30457842,Posted: 11 March,all,WyZyPy,Totally osem.just love hating them orc.
,Recommended,241930,12877603,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,mrcl,"2 minutes in... tried to ride Caragor, killed in 10 seconds. 10/10 Would ride again"
76561198115203439,Recommended,241930,30583395,Posted: 17 March,all,The Hash Slinging Slasher,very fun and addictive
,Recommended,241930,33387753,Posted: 8 July,all,Delusional idiot,"Great game a lot of fun, the fighting mechanics are amazing and i would strongly recommend it. The only downside for me was that i thought it was a bit short for my liking."
,Recommended,241930,13991144,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Tadpole,"Great stuff, super fun."
76561198112808923,Recommended,241930,33320184,Posted: 6 July,all,the_wobbix,Gameplay is far more fun than it looks like in videos
76561198128196603,Recommended,241930,33320843,Posted: 6 July,all,Aragorn™,"Fantastic game,I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,241930,15916707,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,{GTB}SaltyBread,Oh dear god...Never have i taken such delight in butchering orcs...so many orcs............UNTIL THAT ONE BLOODY CAPTAIN  IN BETWEEN THE MASSES THAT YOU FAILED TO NOTICED WEIGHS IN AND CRAVES UP WHAT LEFT OF YOUR SORRY♥♥♥♥♥Otherwise combat is a blast and the story is enjoyable.
,Recommended,241930,15355283,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,StyreF,"Beautiful game. It's one of my favorites in my library, and it's definitely the game I have enjoyed the most in a long time.Great game 10/10!"
76561198124765917,Recommended,241930,16407712,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gamer_Games,One Game to rule them allOne Game to beat them allOne Game to bring them allAnd in the greatness beat them
,Recommended,241930,28910332,Posted: 1 January,all,Crystall,"""BEFORE WE DO THIS, I HAVE TO ASK.""""YEH GOT ANY GRUB?"""
76561198148972690,Recommended,241930,33300644,Posted: 5 July,all,Ticked Off Vic,"Love this game. If you haven't played it yet, get it. The story is meh but cutting orcs' heads off is badass. The nemesis system is also pretty cool."
,Recommended,241930,29606214,Posted: 31 January,all,invictumhr,"great game, nice graphic"
,Recommended,241930,31963196,Posted: 25 May,all,EncryptedXing,YOU SHALL NOT PASS!
76561198047868578,Recommended,241930,31961134,Posted: 25 May,all,jcbvickers,I can't tell you all the great things about this game.  You need to play it.
76561198198970178,Recommended,241930,33379437,Posted: 8 July,all,CrazySenpai,"A fantastic game. I've never really watched Lord of The Rings. But, if you simply love action and the game infamous. This game will trap you in your basement and won't let you turn off your computer. Simply an amazing game."
76561198082080420,Recommended,241930,34211252,Posted: 13 August,all,Lukayon,"Let me first say that the story is bland and difficult to care about. After playing for several hours I did not really care about the protagonist or have any idea what he was really doing aside from killing a bunch of Orcs to find the guy who killed his family. Maybe I just wasn't paying attention very closely, but I really have no idea what is happening in the story and I've put about 15 hours in at this point.Combat is amazing. This is what makes the game so much fun to play. Somewhere between Batman Arkham Series and Assassins Creed this game gives you godlike abilities very early on in the game. Within a few hours time you can be shooting arrows into distant enemies to teleport directly to them an execute them. Somehow despite being so powerful you don't feel ""Too"" powerful and you will come across some tough fights.And finally the setting is fun. If you like Lord of the Rings you will like this game. It's a simple side adventure that allows you to do something unique, to traverse Mordor killing orcs as a Ranger.Overall I can't believe this game is almost three years old. I don't think I would have paid full price back then for this game, but three years later this game was worth a few bucks during a sale."
,Recommended,241930,34200693,Posted: 12 August,all,jezificent,"Good value for money. Completed the game twice in a short period of time. The graphics are good, even my laptop with an i3 processor was able to run this game without any hiccups!There is so much to do here and there are so many ways to approach this game. Play it smart, don't rush it in the begining. Complete as many of the challenges as you can and collect the collectibles to earn points which can be used later on in the game. It makes it so much easier and enjoyable that way.I still have to finish some of the challenges, DLCs and to try and complete all of the achievements. This game offers a lot of play time.This open world, roam free game has proven to be very fun to play. I'm not quite sure how it follows Tolkien's stories (didn't read the books, watched the movies), but if you are looking to spend a bunch of hours sneaking around and slicing throats and being surrounded by ugly orks and uruks, beasts etc, give it a go.Pros: beasts, map, abilities, general storyline.Cons: sometimes during a battle the camera goes a bit crazy, not that it makes the game any more difficult though.Can't wait for the Shadow of War."
,Recommended,241930,34200035,Posted: 12 August,all,Hero,one of the best games that i played in a while nowas someone who dosent the lotr series this was amazing
,Recommended,241930,34204912,Posted: 12 August,all,corbitgun,this is the best assassin's creed game ever made
,Recommended,241930,34201585,Posted: 12 August,all,Splooge God,One of the best Single Player experiences I've had. Really good fighting. Amazing storyline.  10/10.
76561198074947750,Recommended,241930,12906601,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Josh Groban,like assassins creed plus powers plus nemesis system
76561198000943822,Recommended,241930,12522176,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,bulkin_vechno,GOTY! Best game ever made.
76561198068036477,Recommended,241930,15044817,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,TouchedByJesus,My thoughts about this game? *Ahem*MY PREEEECIOOOUSSS
76561198083659100,Recommended,241930,12311762,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,GoatHammer,"The game is good, but it freeze every two minuits, which makes it unplayable until a patch is released."
,Recommended,241930,34956320,Posted: 14 September,all,B!,"This was a good game, but not brilliant. After a while it gets quite monotonous, but the base game kept me gripped enough to see it all the way through to the end.The DLC was just a bit too much of the same, with minor differences to the base game. I didn't get past ten minutes of either story campaign.Expect tons and tons of fighting, with a few cutscenes here and there. Don't expect a massive difficult boss fight at the end.Everything is a lot of work with little reward, but don't let this put you off if it's on special again."
76561198005713477,Recommended,241930,26616604,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,BlackThunder,Greate game!!!
,Recommended,241930,26630031,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,喵喵,The best act game I have ever played. Way better than the batman trilogy.
76561198114817545,Recommended,241930,12333915,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,LudoKai,"Not gonna lie, I can't stop playing this.First off: I got it on day 1 release and I haven't encountered any bugs at all which is...well I'm not used to that.It has Arkham-style combat but in my opinion, it does it better than Arkham. The way the combat flows coupled with the amount of skills and attack animations = awesome combat.The game is reliant on combat so in that way [for me] it's a success.It also has the Nemesis system and it's randomized enough that your play-through and encounters feel genuinely unique.Holt crap, buy this. It's worth the price.Not too convinced about the season pass though. The items you get...they're just too over-powered early on :/"
76561198027710644,Recommended,241930,13756550,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Doomerus,Best game of 2014!
,Recommended,241930,12935230,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Kenedius,"Its ok, the recent gameplay style of batman but with orcs, only thing that wasn't like batman was there was no gliding for covering long distances but there wa a good shadow killing move for that. Plot was there but wasn't exactly a defining feature and a lack of difficulty setting made the game far too easy. got to the ""half way"" stage and had unlocked nearly all the powers which made the 2nd part less of a challange. 7/10 but also wait till lower price for that and game could really do with some dlc to give some new missions or characters to play with and powers to unlock maybe something along the line of rangers around Saruman neck of the woods or play as a rider of rohan."
,Recommended,241930,30360132,Posted: 6 March,all,Winter,"Had it for two days, 12 hrs in... This is gonna ruin my life"
,Recommended,241930,12443110,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Hemp,Yes.
,Recommended,241930,28998163,Posted: 3 January,all,nice crispy bacon,one does not simply not play shadow of mordor.
76561198073752703,Recommended,241930,13623962,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Chabrier,"What can I say, all of sudden it stopped working. When it did work it was fun. Like assassin creed meets batman. but yeah middle earth seems a little bare though. Not much there. So yes I would recommend it No not at this time until the fix my issue. Redownloaded it several times trying to fix the black screen boot up to nothing."
76561197987047936,Recommended,241930,19730786,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,The Squid,"Overall this is a very good game that hardcore Tolkien fans will pick apart. Gameplay is fun and diverse, though the nemesis system didn't quite hold my attention as intently or for as long as I expected. Side missions could be more diverse but combat is interesting enough that it's not a huge problem. If you've ever felt like Assassin's Creed was missing something, give Shadow of Mordor a shot - researching and strategising to take down your targets is very cool, especially when things don't quite go according to plan.Full review:http://postlaunch.blogspot.ca/2015/12/middle-earth-shadow-of-mordor.html"
,Recommended,241930,35128137,Posted: 22 September,all,ツ?BAמ⊕ãЙá?ツ,nice game ♥♥
,Recommended,241930,35126518,Posted: 22 September,all,Plutia,Good game...
,Recommended,241930,14727155,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Fate Zero,Game of the year.
,Recommended,241930,19568484,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen,Great game. Assassin's creed can learn a thing or two from this.
,Recommended,241930,12604131,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Scion Blade,"Everything about this game screams polished. From the outside, this game looks like the typical slash and hack assassins creed combat. However, the developers made sure that the combat performs smoothly, and feels visceral. Each animation feels fluid, and Talion rarely jerks around to respond in some clunky biology defying way.Like all major releases, the game is not without its bugs, and unfortunately I have not been spared the obliteration of my save game. Starting from scratch was a strange feeling, but the developers have communicated they are working on a fix, and that is more than can be said for some.Overall I would recommend this game based on its fun action oriented gameplay. While I'm not sure that the game can continue on with DLC, it is worth every penny. 9/10!"
,Recommended,241930,34005954,Posted: 3 August,all,Yunito,Amazing
,Recommended,241930,30647871,Posted: 21 March,all,bazuka,nice game
,Recommended,241930,34962032,Posted: 14 September,all,Zephyr,"For anyone looking to get this game after 3 years, you're a little late. Even though you are late, I would highly recommend getting this game when it's on sale or something because it is a very good investment. Now, they only sell the definitive edition so it comes with all the DLC. The DLC is really fun and so is the actual game. Great gameplay, great visuals, and great story. The combat is a little bit like the Arkham games, but in my opinion, it's even cooler because it has swords. So yeah, get this game."
,Not Recommended,241930,19108131,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,AUTTARDEDEDEDEDEDEDED,"This game is not great as it looked like the story makes no sense at ALL. The combat is great like the batman games they made but it's all you do is fight, fight, and fight and it gets pretty lame after 2 hours. I have refunded this game as of this review."
,Recommended,241930,19317358,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Donaldus Rex,Stab your troubles away...
,Not Recommended,241930,18414939,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Taylor Swift,lost all progress after many crashes
,Recommended,241930,13069983,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,[DTO] TehQuasar,A game that if you are a fan of Lord of the Rings and adventure games will pull you in and give hours and hours of fun.
76561197966562725,Recommended,241930,21141907,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,flyinghitcher,"This is a very enjoyable game with both the world of Tolkein taken to a new level and a death that matters in a game making it great, though unfortunatly some bugs still havn't been fixed making it frustrating as well.The most anoying one is very unfair making the ""last chance"" (one of the game systems Quick Time Events) Impossible in some cases, meaning it is unrealable so pushing your luck too far can be disaterouse. Though not game breaking I would have put this as a high level bug."
76561198362830163,Recommended,241930,35041499,Posted: 18 September,all,ChefRandy,I almost want to give this game a negative review because the final boss is so unbelievably anti-climactic and absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Had fun on my way there tho.
76561197965543463,Recommended,241930,18255903,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Coovesinator,"Loving this game :-)Only 3 hours in but I am finding the game very fun, a nice mix of Arkham/AC style-gameplay with breath-taking graphics and an awesome photo-mode.  I prefer mouse and keyboard for FPSs, but for this I use an xbox 360 pad and it works very well.  An early review play-time wise for me but I am really enjoying this game and the nemesis-system is a unique and enjoyable touch.   I picked up the GOTY edition in the summer sale for £14.99  and it is definitely worth more than that, certainly the £30 that steam now asks, although if you look around you can always pick up the base game cheap elsewhere and then pay to upgrade it through steam - costing you in total even less than I payed in the summer sale - don't dither just buy it! :-)"
,Recommended,241930,32996888,Posted: 29 June,all,CeriH ✔,Steam Summer Sale 2017 Must Buy
76561197992087769,Recommended,241930,13165863,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MadManPlz,One of the Best games i have played in Years..
,Recommended,241930,14070377,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,CiscoBabe,A Must Play 2014 Games for Lord of Ring FANS.
,Recommended,241930,13431074,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Black_PearL,Great game
,Recommended,241930,17414457,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Dem0nFlare,You replay this game simply because its fun.
,Recommended,241930,12499015,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Zurakci,"I am sort of dissapointed in this game, at the same time I want to just get 100% on it.Alot were promised, but I got to say, its not delivered at all.Positive parts:- It is easy to play the game at points- Controlling orcs is probably a nice aspect of the game.- Choose between stealth, controlling or pure combat is up to you. How you fight is your choice (unless its a weapon mission)- The story is nice. Its apparently not related to the original story, however, if it did it would be before the Original series (Fellowship of the ring ""and maybe before the hobbit?"")Negative parts:- 2 damn areas... 2!! They are not that small, yet not that big. We could atleast get 3 or 4 areas. They are also pretty empty at some points, or they are filled with orcs'n'uruks.- Alot of the ""controlling orcs'n'uruks"" were scrapped from what we were promised. You cannot controll your minions at all. You can make them ""attack"" by pushing D-up (gamepad works better) and killing them with D-Down (if ability unlocked). You can command an ork to attack others, unless its a captain to a warcheif, then you have to gain their trust, for then betraying them.  You can also give out death threats (makes enemies harder to kill, but bigger chance for rare weapon stuff)- Unlocking some abilities will make the game soooooo easy that its a shame there is no difficulty in this game. HOWEVER... NOT HAVING THESE ABILITIES, can make the game alot of times so unfair that its stupid. 30 orks, 5 besherkers 2 captains all at ones is not an easy task when you have not the right abilities for it.- No customizing in this game WHAT SO EVER!. I would love to customize orks to look different or something. Or even my own guy. Nope. Non of dat♥♥♥♥♥♥- Everything in this game is so forgetable. I dont remember anyones name except Talion and Celebrimbor... and Golum.. Everyone else.. nah.. You meet them once or twice.. nothing ""important""- The game is short as ♥♥♥♥... I really mean it... The story can be done in some hours, but that is apparently 20% ish of the game.- LAST BOSS IS A BIG ♥♥♥♥ING JOKE. Im not gonna spoile, but it lasts under 1 min... DUE TO QUICK TIME EVENTS! Thats the whole boss fight!All in all... 6/10. I dont recommend this game (even though I give a thumbs up..cause its over 5/10) if you are looking for a good or excellent game, however, its highly playable and can be fun to just run around in. Exploring and what not."
76561198214406369,Recommended,241930,33280220,Posted: 5 July,all,Maorsaaa,"A very fun game, I absolutely loved it. Waiting for Shadow of War to come out already!"
76561198388162170,Recommended,241930,33278392,Posted: 5 July,all,Papi Bless Up,Killing ugly dudes because they killed your side ♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would let my mistress get murdered again.
,Recommended,241930,28006546,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Adjerx,Time for killing some uruks
,Recommended,241930,24374299,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Padawan_Sloth,I lost my temper at Ratbag. 10/10 would slap him in the face.
,Recommended,241930,33383314,Posted: 8 July,all,Raxxor,Good Game :D
76561198148798140,Not Recommended,241930,34576088,Posted: 29 August,all,lyry19,"way too easy and had a lot of issues, I prefer the arkham gamesI bought this game to hype myself up for shadow of warI ended up deciding that I won't buy shadow of war"
76561198133934136,Recommended,241930,33445931,Posted: 10 July,all,jwirecom109,Great Game.Can't wait for the next one.
,Recommended,241930,33446081,Posted: 10 July,all,marra,"Pretty fun game, combat is very satisying combat. Graphics uphold very well in 2017, especially becuase it was made in 2014. Must buy for any Lotr fans and any non-Lotr fans!"
76561198383415232,Recommended,241930,33431975,Posted: 10 July,all,Ofizi,Very good game!
76561198088272509,Recommended,241930,14230604,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,beatbox,see warchief he tells me that he will kill me *kills him*
,Recommended,241930,33414569,Posted: 9 July,all,D4C,DUCKING YEAHHHHGreat game the final battle a little Meh but still cool
76561198062882001,Recommended,241930,33507399,Posted: 13 July,all,portraitofsanity,You don't have this game yet?  The hell is wrong with you.
76561198025895622,Recommended,241930,17524767,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,nk,Fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ input lagg and clunky controlls.. jesus
,Recommended,241930,14173357,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,boruto the last airbender,Amazing graphics and smooth gameplay69/69
76561197968461716,Recommended,241930,33435003,Posted: 10 July,all,The Beefalo,What Assassin's Creed should be.
76561197982727216,Recommended,241930,33149050,Posted: 2 July,all,alanisman1,"I've heard of Shadow of Mordor and saw its raving reviews in the past, but never got around to playing until Steam Sale 2017.  Now, it has quickly become one of my all-time favorites with its awesome battles, great stealth, interesting characters and cool Nemesis system.  If you enjoy Lord of the Rings and open world games, you will love this.PROS+ Amazing swordplay makes you feel like Aragorn in LOTR+ Many different approaches to gameplay including stealth, archery, magic, and beasts+ Great lead character and interesting story perspectives of LOTR events+ Nemesis system allows boss enemies to infight, get promoted, and gain power+ Excellent graphics, sound, voice-acting, and interface+ Lots of skills to learn and runes to upgrade Sword/Bow/Dagger+ AAA game for $5 on Steam Sale 2017CONS- Typical Ubisoft, Assassin's Creed, open-world feel can get stale- Keyboard and Mouse controls need adjusting"
76561198059259744,Recommended,241930,33604761,Posted: 17 July,all,Gaque,"awesome gameplay, even tho the story is a bit short and maps could be twice as big"
76561198047986979,Recommended,241930,18940733,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,BigPurpleHarness,"Batman: Arkham series meets Assassin's Creed and gangbangs some elves.10/10, would be manfilth again."
,Not Recommended,241930,14293721,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Piplup,"For all the hype and its cost, its not worth it.A very simple game, its pretty much barebones assassins creed."
76561197984696035,Not Recommended,241930,14293134,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TrueSgt Monkey,"This game is unoriginal, and the key aspects of this game are done better in many other games. There is not much of a point in buying this game unless you cannot get enough of the Lord of The Rings Universe.If you aren't a fan of the Land of Mordor, you may realize that it is much more worthwhile to buy games like The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, the Assasins Creed Games, and even the Batman Arkham series for their similar mechanics that are the star features in this one. For example, the main tool that the main character has, the wraith world ability, is very close to the werewolf ability in Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess. The Wraith dude that talks to you while playing is very similar to Midna besides the fact that Link didn't have to go through as much pain as the main character in this goes through, but in Twilight Princess the wolf is much more useful for solving puzzles and fighting monsters in combat. Also, the wolf features much more polished mechanics and the attacks are satisfying. In Shadow of Mordor, the Wraith is mainly only used in bushes in order to sneak around along with shooting arrows. While the Wraith Ability is the reason the main character is alive to fight these orcs once again, the gameplay aspects of this pale in comparison.The human aspect holds up weakly as well. The combat of the Assasins Creed games and the Arkham series games are also very simlar to this game, and it seems like they are mixed together although the level designs are much more balanced with the fighting mechanics in those. The orcs in this game feel great to fight one on one, but when twenty to fifty orcs are on your♥♥♥♥♥the gameplay feels clustered. There are enemies who poison you, smash you with shields, and bum rush you while you are attacking an enemy. There are also orcs that are invincible to arrows, swords, and stealth attacks. If you decide to run away from the fifty orcs on your♥♥♥♥♥ you are punished if you die from something completely unrelated. If an orc captain runs away from you, he is promoted for surviving a human. Also,if your character dies in the vacinity of a captain, he will be promoted as well. I don't know if this was a glitch when this happened, but it happened a few times and is very annoying. I am not saying that the game is difficult, but it is far too complicated. There is way too much for the player to pay attention to while trying to fight orcs.For every aspect or feature shown in this game, there is another game out there that does that aspect or feature much better. I do not recommend playing it. When I did, the clustered controls caused it to feel like a bad dream. Luckily, I am out of that dream. Goodnight."
,Not Recommended,241930,14307571,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,carlosdem2004,"I wouldn't steal this game yet alone play $65 usd for it! Pretty disapointed overall, 37GB and graphics aren't what I expect for this price."
76561198266843513,Recommended,241930,31097566,Posted: 12 April,all,Mibo_49,"I'm not an avid big time gamer like many people. I play what I like and that about covers it. With this game I like the fighting combos, the storyline and the side missions which are fun. The creme de la creme, icing on the cake if you will, is the stunning graphics and smooth gameplay. ABOULTELY WONDERFUL! Congrats, hats off, etc to designers, developers and whoever else put this project together. A number of games I've played had good gameplay and it looked okay or it looked good or it looked nice. This game is a lot of fun to play AND it looks AMAZING. Just so I'm clear, that surpases my aforementioned description of other games I've played. :-D I also am not much for reviewing games so me taking the time to write this says a lot."
,Recommended,241930,31098850,Posted: 12 April,all,☪Haskell_J.Fla❤,Really good gameKilling is an art and excitingBeautiful scene and funny uruksI have to say I like this game
76561198018200437,Recommended,241930,12481702,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ME SMART SMOrc,8/8 -ign
76561198038931088,Recommended,241930,33389013,Posted: 8 July,all,Dr.Vanlickenstein,11/10
76561197962567451,Recommended,241930,12591830,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Lunatic,Absolutely fantastic. PLAY IT. PLAY IT NAOW
,Recommended,241930,34771643,Posted: 6 September,all,miserabella_grumblebum,I hate Lord of the Rings.................But I really like this game.10/10 would Mordor again
76561198084303841,Recommended,241930,22617386,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Toasty Mandingo Party,good game
76561198122077433,Recommended,241930,27383458,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ljeytl Krue,fun AF. srs is.
76561198062913020,Recommended,241930,24013282,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Goku,Great game that follows along side the LOTR storyline.The BEST aspect of this game is the combat system within the game. Never in a game have i had such satisfying kill cams and even slows down within combat to make awesome counter attacks.I could see myself spending alot more hours playing this game...
76561198031489939,Recommended,241930,12333578,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,hellfire37,"this game is incredible. if you're at all interested in RPGs that are more focused on combat then this is an absolute buy.i have been craving a specific kind of experince from the Assassins Creed games ever since i got hyped for the first one 9 months before it came out. i have become very disappointed how its literally impossible to die in that dam game, but all is good! this game has given me that experince iv always wanted. combat is difficult (i recomend turning off all tips hud alerts) but you still feel incredibly powerfull and capable in any fight.combat is dynamic, varied, and you can draw some incredibly close simlarites to the batman games' combat. which isnt a bad thing at all! the graphics are great, the PC version is amazingly bug free and optimized. HD 7870 here and im playing with everything on highest (textures on medium) at ~40 fpsterrific game 9/10"
76561198027402998,Not Recommended,241930,34786652,Posted: 6 September,all,rkoons,Sac of crap. No imagination at all. Boss battle after Boss battle.  GOTY how?
,Recommended,241930,26480657,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Dr. Romm,Assassin's Creed: Middle Earth Edition
,Recommended,241930,12420916,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Kelfezond,"I followed this game for months before release and it looked amazing!That may have dimmed my overall experience of it but here we go!Positive: Everyone has said it has a very Arkham style combat system, it's true, it's not a bad thing it rocks, I really do enjoy the combat in it - made even more interesting when you finally get the Brand ability and turn Uruks to your side turning Assassin Creed style fights into massive civil wars.Negative: Towards the end of the game it gets far, far too easy. Occasionally you'll come across a warchief or captain with the right set of abilities to be challenging (I've completed the game 100% and only come across 1). The dev's did say they wanted you to feel powerful at the end but it kills any replay value as you can cakewalk everything.Positive: The nemesis system of course is the highlight here and it is brilliant, It's great having random captains and warchiefs each time you play through and you get offered a bunch of missions to see them interact with one another which will influence their position in the game.Negative: Unfortunately, and I don't know why this is a thing, the Nemesis system only updates (Shows you what captains are doing what and who they're attacking) every time you die or when you willingly press the ""Advance Time"" button, this means that despite them saying ""A new captian will come to take his place"" that'll only actually happen if you die or if you press the button to make it happen, so really there is a button that makes everything move along when in my eyes that should just be happening at set intervals, maybe that's why this game lacks any difficulty because it relies on the player to regularly update things and make it harder for himself.Negative: My biggest problem with the game is the fact it's missing a difficulty level, once you master the game, you overthrow all the warchiefs and finish all the quests theres nothing driving you to play the game again.Overall, although I've given a lot of negative feedback it is still a solid game that just needs a little tweaking, there is a lot of DLC to come so hopefully they'll add something to give it more replay value."
76561198033952484,Recommended,241930,12389486,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,SGT.Sasaki The Law,I Lelouch Vi Britannia order you to buy Shadow of Mordor!
76561198123551210,Recommended,241930,12389469,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,LilChano,Is verrr gwed
76561198137742578,Recommended,241930,12945915,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Mr.Grimm,Amazing Game!!!
,Recommended,241930,22849591,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,m1ndFRq,"Screw the money, I-WANT-MY-LIFE-BACK..."
,Recommended,241930,33280238,Posted: 5 July,all,Spartanu',"One does NOT simply walk into Mordor...Uhm, Boromir ""The Prophet"" was right! One must stab, burn, decapitate, gut and overall slaughter thousands of Uruks to get to Mordor.(which sounds way better)In any case, this was MONEY WELL SPENT!(4€ for the GOTY edition, only 3 years after its launch)I mean ""Assassin's Arkham Creed: Hitman of Mordor"" offers:- a great story with an amazing soundtrack- very cool missions, side quests and overall interesting collectibles- awesome combat mechanics with impressive combos- very good graphics and map design- lots of guts, blood, gore and overall violence(perfect for the whole family)- andMANYother things(among which, hundreds of hours of fun)10/10- Would ride Graugs and Caragors again. <3"
,Recommended,241930,33430522,Posted: 10 July,all,OreoJuice🗻,"Great combat, very smooth and fluent gameplay, great combos and finishing moves. 9/10"
76561198040650683,Not Recommended,241930,19787823,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Jownation,"Hmmm... This is a tough one.When I first started playing the game, I thought it was great. Combat similar to the Arkham series. Unique mooks, some of whom keep coming back to haunt you. It was very interesting and had just the right amount of challenge to make you feel like a badass, while still having to rely on skill.By the time I got to the end, however, I was disappoint. My character had amassed in power so much that fighting anybody was a joke. I could literally run into any place and never fear being defeated. The middle boss battle against the Hammer was pretty decent, but the whole end sequence and final boss battles were a joke.I wouldn't have even got around to doing them, had I known, but I had done everything else and trying to build the best orc army (finding all the perfect captains for my warchiefs) had become incredibly repetitive.Mechanics wise it is an excellent game, but it feels very souless. The story is incredibly lacking. Too much went into trying to show off their nemesis system, and not enough went into the actual game. If it had some more memorable bosses or interesting settings, with this system along side it, then this would have been a wonderful game, but as of now it feels hollow.Even things like learning how to ride Graugs felt empty, since after doing it the first time there was literally no reason to ever do it again.I don't think I can actually recommend this game. Though fun, it ultimately feels like they forgot to put the actual game in here. If it's on sale for five bucks, sure buy it, but no way would I say pay full price."
,Recommended,241930,30391074,Posted: 8 March,all,Mercy,"Campaignplaytime with all sidemissions, artifacts and complete wall= about 20 hours, if you dont mess around.Even though it's nothing special anymore, this combatsystem is pure gold.The nemesis system and the resulting dialogues between the orcs and the character are a really, really great feature.It gives you a real feeling of persistency within the gameworld.The game suffers from two problems though:The difficulty is not adjustable. The only way to up the difficulty is to get killed over and over again on purpose.The game also holds your hands and it's absolutely annoying.It's an open world sandboxgame and instead of letting you decide what you want to do with the tools they give you, the game forces you to do what the developers want you to do as soon as they give you these tools.Want to make an orc a warchief through your own methods?Game: NOPE, you will take THIS specific orc and make him a warchief in THIS specific order in THIS specific way.Sadly, the game holds your hand until the end of the game."
,Recommended,241930,25499805,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Soylent Robot,Really good at making me want to play Batman Arkham City
76561198127013295,Recommended,241930,13523906,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,martydaparty4u,"A good to great game with a mixture of new, tried and true mechanics. 8.5/10"
76561197962217145,Not Recommended,241930,18228278,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Shedlon,"Would be good except for 5 second unskippable cutscenes every time you find a named.  Gets pretty annoying after the second time and stays pretty annoying.If you get frustrated by random, unskippable, pointless breaks in gameplay, don't play this game."
,Not Recommended,241930,18146674,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,udel007,"Visuals: Amazing if you have a newer model GTX or similar (a 980 ti will play with a high frame rate at the highest settings) If you don't have at least a GTX 670 SLI or better -- the $60 bux might be better put towards a new GPUGameplay: definition of mediocrityGame world: Great ideas, but lacking in diversity and creative/meaningful implementation.Summary: Main quest + mini boss grind + repetetive combat + collectables = a 'mehh' reskin of BATMAN which gets boring quickly.... Worth a lower price tag maybe.Conclusion: Great example of how WB takes what works and repackages it for cash cow purposesThis game can best described as a batman port to the LOTR world - which isn't entirely a bad thing I suppose, but after an hour or two it becomes boring and tedious. The world/map is not terribly creative or thought out. The game literally takes the elements from the batman series and ports them using LOTR lore to explain them.The orc heirarchy system has been praised, but its really as simple as when you lose, the miniboss get stronger and worth more points. They take this idea and put it on a fancy display chart to give it immersion value but it does nothing. The heirarchy is actually quite meaningless and just provides for a small amount of immersion in an otherwise vaine attempt to add a grind/side quest element to the game to make it longer and promote a basic character level up which tries, but fails to make you care about the character.If you love, love love BATMAN for its gameplay and not necessarily the story or that it takes place in the Gothom world and you love love love LOTR, you might like this game... it does have something to offer but it is unfortunately typical....unless you like mindless combat and button mashing --- which for that there are a few NES classics you can play for free.I was really able to get into this game for about 45 mins... then it just wasn't as enjoyable as it should be. If you are on the fence... wait a while for the price to drop to someting more reasonable."
,Not Recommended,241930,18328822,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,LegendaryGeek1,"OK well maybe I didn't give this game too much of a chance, I've logged 10+ hours in it.  It just seems that the only point to this game is to kill orcs. I see nothing else of interest. The quests are boring at best. I know a ton of people love this game and maybe it's because they got farther into it.  But form the time I've spent, I lost total interest."
76561198078809371,Not Recommended,241930,18231076,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,cjfulton,"I really don't like this game.The graphics are good, but there is little distinction between areas.  The game seems to consist of running around a wasteland alternately killing and running away from everything you meet.  Quest markers appear and disappear for no apparent reason.  Battles are pretty easy or quick death, very little in between.  If you like fancy cut scenes of ogres, those abound.  The RPG elements seem pretty much non-existent though."
,Not Recommended,241930,13709034,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Renubis,Game Save Glitched
76561198056632212,Not Recommended,241930,12713694,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Grynrow,"If you overplayed any of the assasin's creed or batman games, don't buy this, it plays as much the same.Considering it's set in Tolkien's universe, its story is painfully disappointing and short.There's only two maps, and the enemies quickly become boring and repetitive.I regret paying full price for this game :("
76561198126548348,Not Recommended,241930,12332628,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,OPSkins.com - Marketplace,HAven't got to play it yet
76561198049269896,Not Recommended,241930,12441402,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,The Dank Engine,"The combat itself is at times wonderful, but can be unbalanced and frustrating. Sometimes you are just forced to cheese things. Some enemies are ridiculous. The story is kinda boring and derivative. It brings nothing new to the table and nothing to actually think about. For me, that is a letdown, because the premise AND setting could have enabled something great (along with the Warner Brothers resources).It borrows heavily from the Batman series in terms of gameplay... which I enjoyed way more than this game. I don't understand how someone can actually call this game revolutionary. It lacks in spirit. Can get boring and repetitive. The rune system is kinda meh...I don't know. It kept me moving for some hours, but all in all, I regret buying it. The story felt forced and overdramatized (without content)... the gameplay has it moments but feels stale... It is unbalanced and too random for my taste... I wouldn't call it an overhyped piece of crap. Just an overhyped mediocre tripple A title with way more polish than content.A letdown."
76561197998354299,Not Recommended,241930,12442257,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SlinkyMonkey,"Wait for a sale, it's Assassin's Creed reskinned, butchers the IP a bit too. Fun, but not fantastic."
,Not Recommended,241930,12793473,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ExecutorQ3,"Well...Played two days, I'm somewhat close to end... I was enjoying the game at the first day... At the second one, it wasn't so hot, but i still played it (and got pulled into it again).So why writing review only after 14 hours or so? Eazy, because it's boring, so damn eazy and i don't really plan to play it even one more time. It's soooooooooooo ****ing boring.Don't actually understand any 9+ year old human being that finds this exciting after few playdays... This game doesn't deserve to be played even on consoles (and i hate those).Easy, repetitive, eazy, boring, eazy... And i've heard that the finall boss fight is... well, and you have to do is punch spacebar and the mighty Sauron is no more... Wow, so hardcore. Well not really...For me this is the error of the decade, honestly. I really wish i could delete this ""game"" from my library, cause i'm so embarassed that i fell for this one (and i've bought some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ games in my life, but this one takes the cake... whole one).So in another words, stay away of this!Yeah, it looks good, the executions are looking good, but that's it! And there're far better games out there that have more than those two ""+"" (hell even singleplayer for any CoD campaign since Black Ops is way more fun than this).Exe."
76561198072024260,Not Recommended,241930,12796816,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,leastamongequals,"Hand to hand combat ... (( +10 )) ...(Looks pretty and flashy)Controls/Movement ... (( -20 )) ... (Animation on every move. jump. pause. walk. pause. climb. pause... grrrr ... )Dialogue ... (( -20 )) ... (For every chieftan combat pauses, listen to boring rant, dumb when 4 of em)Camera ... (( -40 )) ... (Near walls camera zooms on your head, cant see when orcs attack right next to you) ... (Camera doesnt always follow if you start running, need to see forward during danger)Abilities ... (( +40 )) ... (Slow time, Teleport, Wraith Vision, Spectral Daggars, Mind Control, Absorb Energy)"
76561198141057816,Recommended,241930,12309873,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Bruja Cthulhu,Already one of my most Favorite Games
,Not Recommended,241930,12703357,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Merrick,Well took 5 days all collectibles done and story done and dustedPro'sstarts out fun and interestingwell it runs smooth with little fps dropa good combat systemthe chance to control the bossesCon'sfalls off very quick as side missions are all the same but in different rotation (think of assassains creed style)Story is rather dry to be fair and is really nothing most LOTR fan wouldnt know alreadyfor 30 odd gigs the game is very short and will be done in a weekonce u have done most of the story line it follows its tail and again its the same old .all in all if u want a ♥♥♥♥ed up hack n slash/stealth game with little story input then this will apease u for a 1 week then u will be looking for a new game and 30+gigs clogging your hard drive
76561198089306345,Recommended,241930,12307380,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,UrTriggeringMe,"Love this game. I have been anticipating for quite a while now, and it doesnt upset. Very fluid game design in terms of combat, very beautiful and detailed world, and awesome story that follows the lore of Lotr. The Nemesis System is quite unique and I like it, keeps the player interested. I have one question if anyone can help me. Can I run this game on Ubuntu or Linux?"
,Recommended,241930,12305128,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,|GHST| SavaGhost,"An otherwise great game with satisfying and fun combat, interesting story and amazing graphics is made nearly revolutionary with its ""Nemesis System"" feature which creates randomly generated characters with their own unique personality, abilities, fears, weaknesses and looks. The developers are also already hard at work to improve the game with patches and big sized expansion packs.Go get it!"
76561197969525006,Not Recommended,241930,12975461,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,dazton,"- Please Note: not recommended at full price or for a price over 30/35  dollars/euro -Pretty disappointing considering hype and expectations**On the wake of the big name this game has I purchased it, fortunately ,while on sale (25% off).Graphics are simply the best on the market (Ultra with HD pack), yes, probably never saw characters looking better than in Shadow of Mordor, and the combat itself is fun....BUT:The story is extremely weak and short, the gameplay is repetitive,  soon you will find yourself slaying a million uruks, and with everyone of them shouting the same phrase or close to (Space Marines Warhammer 40k style) again and again until your only desire is to turn the sound off.After the million uruks massacre is done, you turn your back and there is another million uruks, exactly where the previous million was, and so on. Very boring in the long run.Character animations, for dynamics, polished and various they can be, fall into some very clumsy transitions sometime: annoying during the frenetic combat.Hunting bosses (Uruk captains/warchiefs etc ) is fun and adrenalinic, too bad they are frequently surroundered with another million uruks shouting ""Kill the ranger, take the ranger, grab the ranger, oh.. the ranger, look ...a ranger).Long story short:During the first minutes of the game you have the impression to be at the begin of an epic, deep and polished adventure.Epic feeling that vanishes shortly after playing again and again the same area, with the same endless enemies, with the same weapons.Graphics (HD Pack @ Ultra) 11/10 - simply astonishingSound 6/10  - that could be 10/10 without the dumb uruks repeating the same things till your nose bleedsGameplay 6/10 - very exciting and dynamic the first ten minutes, fall short after as incredibly monotonousStory 6/10 - really nothing innovative or deep, stereotypicalInterface 7/10 - polished and clean, not always intuitive thoughLongevity 2/10 - Total lack of replay value, dull gameplay, especially if you have already spent lot of hours with the Batman franchise, with this game being a tolkian clone of it.**Extensively played offline"
76561197977959869,Not Recommended,241930,13349723,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,CatRandy,on a scale of 1 to 10:Graphics - 7Controls - 2Depth - 4Story - 3It makes absolutely no attempt to merge into the story or mythos of LotR other then to throw in a few names here and there.
76561197983229492,Not Recommended,241930,12969778,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,arildsat,"Great for the unemployed. Because this game expects you to dedicate an awful amount of time and effort to become best mates with the inernal mechanics of it. It wants you to spend hour after hour reading intel reports on enemies, figuring out plans, dying, trying different aproaches, dying again, experimenting with pressing w, left ctrl, e, x, right mouse button, space, etc more or less at the same time, or it will kill you. It does NOT allow you to set the difficulty level, so if you are not ready to dedicate your life to this game, it will punish you, then kill you, It will NOT allow you to enjoy this, or progress, unless you are a full-time player. There will be a lot of ""what just happened? Who? And what? And how?"" as something kills you right out of the blue.I liked it for the first two hours. Then it got really, really, really grindy."
,Not Recommended,241930,13193047,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,TWITCH/SKYSHOTGAMING,"Before reading let me ask you:do you like to kill orks?If the answer is yes then this game is for you.Pros-good graphics-fun combat system with satisfying finishers (that’s what she said)-good pc port.-fast travel and various ways to ‘get to where you’re going’ (get it cuz the guy’s dead)-interesting rune system and combat upgrades-awesome boss fights, each boss has his (or her?) weaknesses and strengths and you will find yourself adjusting your strategy to take them down.-awesome branding system makes you control orks to do your bidding and kill there brethren under a hypnotic state (basically Brutes simulator 2014.)-crush ork skulls with your bare hands.-be the world’s fastest rock climber (that actually can’t climb up certain cliffs.)-very much like batman-Gollum-1000 ways to die the ork editionIf you’re into it:-have a dead ghost guy live inside you.Cons-very much like batman-combat; tho fun, can get repetitive and op around mid game (do not try to play huge chunks of this game at a time you will hate it by the end)-main character has no depth; he is basically your generic good looking expert at all forms of combat; GI Joe action figure and has no back story. Except the fact that his family was killed and now he mad.- Some glitches (but not game ruining.)after game thoughtslast boss battle was boring and easy most anti climactic ending there is...game plot was not engaging at all i stoped playing for a long time and the game just sat there...in my libeary...neglected...until i was bored enough to give it a go again. and it let me down. im a huge lord of the rings fan and this game dose not do it justice."
76561198046868764,Not Recommended,241930,13412251,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Space Godfather,"Boring story, repetitive gameplay, limited content. Very disappointed."
76561198143358712,Not Recommended,241930,13045080,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,CGBSpender,"Review Summary:  This game lacks depth.The first half of the game is great, but by the second half, everything just bleeds into mind-numbing repetition: Stealth kill X Uruks, headshot kill X Uruks, free X Slaves, etc, etc, etc...By the time you go to the second half of the game, you most likely will have already gained enough Power and Attribute points to have unlocked all of your abilities, with the exception of those that unlock from missions in the second area of the game.  This ensures that there is very little to look forward to on improving your character after the first half of the game.Speaking of missions in the second area, one of the biggest disappointments waits for you there.  You get the ability to ride a graug; awesome!  Well, no, not really.  The thing is clumsy and hard to control.  You are expecting to be able to go on a bona fide rampage on the back of such a beast, but no.  In reality, you  can kill far more orcs, far quicker on your own than with the help of a giant orc eating monster.  Sigh.The only incentive to keep farming the orc captains after the first half of the game is to collect runes.  These do not seem to be adequate to the task though.  While there are a handful of interesting runes (a bow rune that gives you a 20% chance to have your arrow explode on a headshot kill, as well as runes that charge or prolong your weapon's special ability come to mind), most simply take a far back seat to the power of your Abilities.  For example: any and all sword runes that increase your melee damage under any number of conditions are fairly trivial when your Abilities grant you the option of instantly killing or branding two targets (excluding orc captains for the most part) after getting a x5 hit charge.  Why then, do you really care about what the direct damage of your sword is, when you only need to get in 5 hits, then can kill two targets?Rune bonuses become even more sidelined once you unlock the special abilities of your weapons.  Using the sword as an example again, why do you care about the actual damage of a single strike, when your sword special ability gives you 20 seconds of unlimited executions?  The bow special ability of unlimited focus and fire arrows for 20 seconds is usually enough to kill any number of enemies outright, so who cares about a bunch of little rune bonuses that took hours to acquire from patiently leveling up an orc captain and then taking him out?The graphics simply cannot make up for this games lack of depth.  Save your money.UPDATE 11/26/14:  Finally brought myself to finish the game...the Tower and Black Hand are the worse jokes of all.  Seriously, to fight the Black Hand all you have to do is press the space button a few times and left click the mouse twice?!  Really?!  Really?!  Come on...."
76561197988063373,Not Recommended,241930,13150234,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,blackirises,It's repetitive and eventually just gets boring. Don't waste your money.
76561197960554457,Not Recommended,241930,13174945,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,INSANE_CROWBAR_SCOUT,"Ok this is my first written review ever but I feel I need to say something. This game was a waste of my money all it does is smash together Assassins Creed, Batman and Tomb Raider and does even that poorly. The Nemisis system on the top looks cool till you realize how flawed it is when the enemies you have killed just randomly come back to life over and over. There is also nothing fun about trying to hunt a target and having four or five more captains just show up out of the blue in the middle of a fight. As for the mechanics of the game the free running and the combat is slow and clunky compared to the two games it trys so hard to emulate, the ""Open World"" is so small why even bother in this day and age (not to mention it seems as though the world resets to its default state everytime you do a story mission) and finally the story may be the only reason I might see this game through to the end but I get the feeling im gonna be dissapointed there. If I had to rate this game on a ten scale I couldnt go any higher that a 5 or 6..... its just average."
,Not Recommended,241930,13021293,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Erith Discord,I loved this game.. Until I beat it and then saw the DLC offered.
,Not Recommended,241930,13146256,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,HanColo,"Far too short. Mechanics are fun, but without a story to stand on for longer than a few hours, they don't make t a great game."
,Recommended,241930,23999682,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Nio,"This game rocks! The combat style is my favorite part, it feels like a hack and slash game, but you actually have to think about your next move. It's engaging, not mind numbing."
,Recommended,241930,24013901,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bartas,"Amazing game! If your ""ultra know everything Tolkien fan"" it can sometimes give you big facepalm but still its a great game to play! On summer sale its a must buy for 13 euro!!"
,Recommended,241930,24048255,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,RizeN,Really like the nemesis system.And if you are a fan of Lord of the Ring this is an absolute for you!
,Recommended,241930,24120949,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Umrasii,Super good time had by all...except for the Orcs. They did NOT have a good time!
76561198315373355,Not Recommended,241930,24139978,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,~Give Me Your Cummies~,What a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥wont even play the story i select it and it staight away tells me an error has occured and that i needs to find a solution then shuts down by itself.
76561198002290816,Recommended,241930,34594980,Posted: 29 August,all,Krillin Mcdiesalot,"If the orcs had a little more personality and if the game took place in a post-apocalyptic wasteland, and if the orcs were warlords of raider tribes - well it'd be the best Fallout game ever made. The only problem with this game is it is tied down to it's franchise and in the universe of LotR it makes no goddamn sense - but who cares? The gameplay is like getting blown by a hungry fat chick and you can only smile so hard before a game hurts your face. So thanks for the facepain, I guess?"
,Recommended,241930,12306445,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Hælfdan,"In all the time I've played this game (seemingly 7.2 hours thus far) I haven't even finsihed the second mission on the game. Why? Because I've been hunting. Whom have I been hunting you ask? I've been hunting those mother ♥♥♥♥ers who killed me and thus gained promotion through my demise. They will pay. Purely on this alone, the game has so many hours playtime for me as I can imagine many more ""incidents"" which I'll be spending time dealing with before even considering carrying on with the story.As regards to battles, they can happen very suddenly and often you'll be surrounded by a good 20 or so orcs who all take a good bit of fighting to kill, don't expect to win every fight. You'll die a good few times so it's best to just accept that fact.Marvelous game all in. Not had this much fun creating massacres since the first gta game."
76561198085702513,Recommended,241930,12307415,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Ross Kemp,SUCH A GOOD GAME!! If your a LOTRs fanatic then you will love this game and all its little easter eggs. It is the ultimate nerdgasm!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
,Recommended,241930,12308402,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,The Mayor,Tis game is just awesome! I love it already and I've only played an hour and a half so far. I think it could be the best game of the year. 10/10 Would play again.
76561198041600177,Recommended,241930,12308821,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Wifi Willy,"Start off game. Pretty simple don't go for main story missions just do side missions and kill a bunch of orcs. I fight this one orc he kills me and he thinks he is tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ I then go for revenge he then kills me again. I go to kill him again and i finally kill him with my wraith powers burning his mind and face. When i thought everything was good and great he comes back looking all burnt and remembering all the times he killed me and the time i ""killed"" him. I then proceed to killing him again and i feel so accomplished. I then see him coming after me again after i killed him two times but now with some sort of rags around his face because i keep burning his face and says ""my face may not be pretty anymore but, yours will look worse"".Nemesis system=best thing ever brought to video games.10/10"
76561198075671689,Recommended,241930,12305397,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Deoxys_pvp,"This game is intense from the very beginning. The visuals are dark and beautiful. I love being a one man army in a war torn zone, the game makes you feel very powerful the whole way thru. The orc ranking system is very unique and I've never experienced anything like it before. One orc that killed me in the very beginning has risen to be the most powerful captain, and I still havn't been able to kill him yet. I hate him and I love that I do."
76561198084209368,Not Recommended,241930,12736631,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,LetThemEatCrack,"Not a terrible game, has a lot going for it, but I wouldn't recommend it.The combat is really quite decent, very fluid and fun button mashing, but the interjection of quicktime moments is often frustrating and senseless. The story is pretty shallow, the objectives, missions and world layout very much an arcade style which is pretty counter-intuitive in a lord of the rings game, but not necessarily a bad thing. There are some major issues with climbing/falling/dropping mechanics which can put you in incredibly annoying situations: the simple act of jumping off a ledge directly beside you becoming a major chore if not entirely impossible when in a cramped combat situation. This isn't exclusive to high ledges either, myself having experienced an 'invisible wall' scenario on a simple ledge maye 2 feet off the ground. I ran up onto it, about 10 Orcs ran up onto it with me, and none of us could get off again, invisible walls forming around this little elevated square of floor-tiling. Whie succeeding in this game is by no means difficult, and mowing down gaggles of goblins has its appeal, failure is rarely to never either a learning experience or amusing in the way failure sometimes is in a game. When you die, it's typically due to some frustrating scenario as described above, where buggy movement mechanics combined with having to chase fleeing generals who leap around the map at speed in circles while endless hordes of goblins pile up eventually induces a wild fit of carpel-tunnel with all the click-click-clicking, and you just give up. While the enemy promotions system is pretty cool, it doesn't help watching all these ugly figurines gloat and level up in the wake of your annoying death. While a well made game visually, Mordor is ugly, the Orcs are ugly, your character is ugly, I mean damn... even the LoTR movies had a smidgeon of elf-cleavage. This is probably the least sexy game I've played in a long time. Maybe that shouldn't be a problem... but it is, damnit."
,Not Recommended,241930,12496869,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ioswill,"Im giving this game a thumbs down because of all the bugs and issues present at the time of writing. They are unbeareable. Game crashes constantly, saves disappear and sometimes it wont even start properly. Just wait until bugs are fixed and then give it a try."
,Recommended,241930,25824215,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Cypress,Very good graphic and gameplay.
76561198075717436,Recommended,241930,25835567,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,uanand009,"An excellent game. Although I'm not an LOTR fan but still liked the story. I expected/wanted the game to be a bit longer though. (I'm yet to play the DLCs). One thing is for sure, this game has superb graphics and the slow motion executions, I LOVED IT. The game becomes a bit easier as you progress. particularly after you unlock the x5 hit-streak charging and combat brand. I played this game on a gtx950m on medium settings but would certainly recommend a better graphics card for such a good game. (Do note the fact that I installed this game on my m.2 nvme ssd, it might be one of the reasons for improved performance. Upon benchmarking I got ~50 FPS on average and a minimum of 36 FPS, certainly wasn't expecting this.) Although the controls take quite some time to master when you use a keyboard and have not played this type of third-person games before, but, it is extremely responsive. Overall 10/10"
76561198286728891,Recommended,241930,25825443,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,sieg_sylverion,"Thanks to this game, I can see inside the sauron's army home-based"
,Recommended,241930,25835675,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,DancefloorDale,"I have an abusive relationship with this game. It treats me badly and is unnecessarily difficult at times, yet I keep going back to it because I love it.Definitely pick this up on a sale so you can get everything cheaply. There's lots to do in the game, and learning about the world through collectables is... pretty $h¡+ to be honest, but the lore is interesting enough to warrant a pass on the ill-feelings that is the busywork of grinding."
,Recommended,241930,25826646,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ricky Poseidon,this is orc why they call it uruk's
,Recommended,241930,25832143,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Dont touch that pootis bird,Shadow of Mordor is like Assasins Creed and any hack and slash game had a baby. You get a perfect combination of stealth and brute force. In Shadow of Mordor there are no boring parts of the game where you have to tail someone or go through a boring cutscene. The Warcheif system is dynamic and a new concept that iv never seen in other games. They fight and hunt and do other things rather than just waiting for you to kill them. The only con of this game is that after your 10th or 11th warcheif its gets old.
,Recommended,241930,16357142,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mamek,Very good game
76561198083648503,Recommended,241930,34318410,Posted: 17 August,all,Cicada13,the combat is really fun the progression on this games is awesome love it
76561198051391231,Recommended,241930,24296044,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,BlueZoneZ,"Okey, hand down. This is one of the best games i played in a long time. I would recommend it to everyone!"
,Recommended,241930,32856795,Posted: 27 June,all,Woi,♥♥♥♥ yeah orcs
76561198073359624,Recommended,241930,33349189,Posted: 7 July,all,Bombandealer,The best Assasins Creed game yet.
,Recommended,241930,33333487,Posted: 6 July,all,Narth,"I love this game so much! Everything about this game is awesome from the Assassin's Creed-like stealth to the incredible Lord of the Rings story/atmosphere. This is the first game I have ever played that had a unique system involved in it and that is the Nemesis System. This original idea makes the gameplay really great because you can kill enemies and they come back or they kill you and you can comeback to get revenge, either way the characters in the game remember you. You will feel like a total badass in this game.Can't wait for the second game to come out, I will definitely be buying it because I know it will be just as much fun as this one, if not better.One other thing that I adore is the fact that you can invest a lot of hours into Shadow of Mordor and you will end up being a god because of your hardwork. You don't even have to do the plot quests and can just do whatever you want which also gives a lot of freedom in this game."
76561198273186574,Recommended,241930,25066457,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,иαт нαи™,dismembering uruks never gets old 10/10 would decapitate again
,Recommended,241930,18090419,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Seerk,"This is what you get if you mix Assassin´s creed, Batman Arkham and Lord of The Rings.I must say I love how the orc leadership system work, i.e. if you get killed by a certain orc, that orc will advance in rank and he´ll be tougher to kill.I suppose that if you suck at he game it´ll only become harder to beat as you get killed more and more."
76561198383589200,Recommended,241930,33543955,Posted: 14 July,all,curineer,Choose one of the options.either the Ninja or the Warrior.I prefered being the Ninja.but the story is a kind of bad.my score: 5.5/10
76561198058634530,Recommended,241930,15541529,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Рот ваш ебал !!1,GOOD BUT SHORT GAME.....7.8/10
76561198029552432,Recommended,241930,18422142,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Farkenel,"Literally one of the best games I've ever played. I'm a little late to the party after waiting a year but better late then never? Awesome games. Looks good, runs good, very fun."
,Not Recommended,241930,17464269,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Apathy,"The game crashes constantly.Which is a shame because I originally had this on PS4, on gamefly, and intended to own it. So when I bought it on Steam I was very excited.  SoM is an oustanding game, but when it crashes it takes my entire computer down to a black unresponsive screen, and forces me to restart. And its a russian roulette on if it will work the next time or not.Devs: FIX IT!"
,Not Recommended,241930,16718760,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,"Not so big ""lil"" richard",good game until the end then it went downhill to quick
76561198052379771,Not Recommended,241930,17334132,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,wtflock,"I liked it a lot at first but then the ending ruined it for me, and now, looking back on it (after having gotten other games since released), this was good but not great. Very good graphics, and story is compelling enough, but much too short, particularly ""act 3"" (which was practically all cut scenes). I wish there'd been a little more to it than just killing powerful orcs over and over.Looking back on it, there was also something annoying about the protagonist that made me really not sympathize with him, and too many of the plot ""twists"" are lifted directly from the LOTR universe."
,Not Recommended,241930,17543474,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Beefynoodles,lame
,Not Recommended,241930,17760815,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Bōkan-han,Note: This game is 50$ and it takes up 46 GB of space on your computerEverything in this game was grate and I love playing this game to slaughter Urucks but thats about it.Now the story feels un-finished and if I did not go around and kill random uruks and warlords for ♥♥♥♥♥ and kicks I would have finnished this game in 15 hours.If you dont like the spoiling of your story (Or lak there of) then dont read the rest.But what really got me is not just that the story is REALLY REALLY short and there is only 20 missions but when you have your so called army you get to fight the Evil villian number 2 and his grate army with 20 Urks and you only bring your 5 war cheifs and steam roll over all of them....But dont worry the boss fight is  [ [spacebar]   [spacebar] [move mose to the left and click LMB] ]. And then you are told that you want to make more rings becasuse the plot demanded it leaving a sequal bait so big that it was the rest of the story you where looking for.
76561198043167415,Not Recommended,241930,16824274,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sangallen,"This game is all about 'hack and slash'. Initially I had lots of expectations, especially when I saw the world around me, the opponents I was going to face and the way in which I could develop mij character. These expectations soon proved to be overrated.I will summarize the goods and bads:Good:- Entertaining combats- Great environment and care for detailBad:- Very thin storyline- Combat soon becomes repetative- Either there is NO challenge in combat or way too much- Extra's do nóthing for the game (gathering stuff costs a lot of time but adds zero to the experience)- You can choose to use a different skin/character-look, but during the game the voice of the character is nog changed (not even if you pick the female skin!) and in in-game cinematics the 'old' skin always appears.- Sorry for small spoiler: the ending of the game is a very very big anti-climax with an extremely easy and short fight against the main villain (wasn't that what the whole ""story"" was about!?)- There is an extra storyline that adds zero to the main story.- The Lord of the Rings atmosphere is only there during cinematics (mentioning of Saruman, presence of Sauron and the rings of power), otherwise -besides the Uruk- there is nearly any affinity with the books or the movies (and that is something I hope most people feel is the very least you could expect from a game like this?).- Above all: killing captains and warchiefs does NOTHING since they are always replaced and after some time even with Uruks that have already been dealt with earlier on...Overall this game is worth a meager 6/10. Visually it is not disappointing and some gimmics are farely new and at first pleasant and entertaining(like the opponents remembering and mentioning an earlier fight which you lost).If I had known this in advance, I would not have purchased this game, but if it were either cheap or for free, my advice is: play ónly the storyline and finish the game in just a couple of hours."
76561198011002312,Not Recommended,241930,16935196,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Castor Troy,"Gameplay was extremely fun and replayable.  The heiarchy system was well put together and introduced an interesting element to the game that improved its replayability.  Unfortunately, the story and character development was pretty rudimentary and I couldnt get into it.  Being a middle earth game, it didnt have much of anything to do with actual canon.  I would recommend this game had the combat been an improvement over previous Batman games, but it was simpler than those games and also lacked the content Batman games boasted.  While perhaps better than some other games I've recommended, the effort put into this game by a major company at its price point deserves a ""no""."
,Not Recommended,241930,18128372,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Ricky Rosay,"Not my type of game. Yes it is enjoyable for a short period of time, because the combat is amazing in this game, but really it gets old a boring. Just like any assassin's creed game."
76561198085901699,Not Recommended,241930,16852911,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,mpopielar,"Something appears to be wrong with the save feature for the first DLC.  It keeps deleting my saves.  On several occasions, I've invested a significant amount of time progressing through the story.  I've even quit after every event to make sure it saves.  But for some arbitrary reason, at some point it decides to reset back to default objectives and I lose all my progress!"
,Not Recommended,241930,18283206,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Captain Corgi,it's bamham♥♥♥♥♥creed but a thousand times more tedious.hope you like doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over
,Recommended,241930,18437657,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Hlelia,"Since it is a mix-up of Assassin’s Creed and Batman: Arkham playstyles, it was bound to become one of my favourites.The game provides a lot of different possibilities to kill Uruks – and that is what makes the game fun.You can slash them;You can headshot them;You can make them kill each other;You can get them to be a monster’s snack;You can burn them;You can throw them of the ledge;You can even explode their ugly heads!Definitely worth playing!Personally, it made watching LotR and Hobbit a bit harder – now I know how easy it is to slash through the countless hordes of enemies. I would defeat the whole army in front of Black Gate at the end of ‘Return of the King’ singlehandedly!"
76561198032711852,Not Recommended,241930,18967933,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,kump,"Let's keep this review of Batman's Creed short and simple:+ looks good+ character expressions are excellent (unfortunately this doesn't include Talion)+ voices are fitting+ nemesis system is interesting+ I enjoyed branding orcs a lot more than I probably should have- tiny world- clunky movement, as well as even more clunky combat movement- lots of positioning and movement bugs (can't climb onto some ledges which are clearly climbable, as well as jumping from a lot of ledges takes multiple tries because he just wouldn't do it - expecially annoying when chasing down a fleeing captain/warchief)- if it wasn't for the LOTR background, the game would have nothing going for it setting-wise- story is very bland and clichee-ridden- RNG is annoying in this game; if you're unlucky you'll get a nearly-unkillable captain/warchief- very short game, not counting the side missions- game feels rushed and uninspired altogether- mission-breaking bugs (branding orcs in a recruitment mission will not complete the mission for example)- caragors and graugs feel unnecessary and with shadow mount are ridiculously underpoweredSo, did I enjoy it? Yeah, because I like open-world games. Would I recommend it? No. The game has little replay value and is riddled with bugs."
76561198032981882,Not Recommended,241930,18333103,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Frankiezs,Very bad optimization for Linux. It runs smoothly on Windows with same system. Unacceptable!
,Not Recommended,241930,18127794,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,BUTCHER PETE,"Bought game and attempted to run, crashes everytime. Did all the standard stuff people do when a game doesn't work after purchase. Nothing works so I checked online. Seems a lot of people having the same issue and no solutions anywhere. WB just tells anyone the game doesn't work for that ""your system doesn't meet the requirements"". If you can get the game to run I'm sure its entertaining, but if it crashes and you try all the standard fixes without success just get your refund and avoid the headache of WB ""support"" and searching online for non-existant fixes."
76561198201986936,Not Recommended,241930,18259884,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,weedblaster,The fighting (which is pretty much the whole game) becomes boring and repetitive.The menus are dull and choosing perks becomes a chore.The story is confusing.Everything in the world feels the same.The only good thing going for it is the Nemesis System.The fact that this was Game of the Year shows how bad 2014 was for gaming.
76561198011209729,Not Recommended,241930,18250066,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Uranium Llama,"Glad I picked this up on sale.PRO:The gameplay is pretty well done. Assassin's Creed style combat done right.The story and characters start out interesting enough. Even some comedy once you get past the whole family murdering part.Upgrades are useful but shear numbers and four or five Uruk Captains still a bit challenging. Captains together with the right ability combo can be impossible to fight head on.Stealth system works. Mostly a simple line of sight system and the stupid Uruks. Best part, if they notice you, they're still startled so you can use the stealth kill/attack.CONJUST ONE. THE LAST 1/4th OF THE GAME. The ending completely fails. Gameplay and story wise.This game peters the ♥♥♥♥ out. Some♥♥♥♥♥♥happens off screen to characters they tried starting some emotional investment in. You can do all this work to build a Uruk army of 5 BA Warchiefs, doesn't really pay off. Use them for one skirmish, and there is a pre-rendered scene where you ship off with them. So they look nothing like your dudes. ALL THAT MINOR♥♥♥♥♥♥ASIDE. The last two boss battles,Creepy no lips Uruk dude? Been ♥♥♥♥ing with you recently? He seems kinda OP? Jump on his back a few times!... Final boss leader guy who killed you/your family? Kills himself! Becomes Sauron! OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mash keys in quick time event to kill him?"
76561197994314629,Not Recommended,241930,18326389,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Sainte_Germaine,"Wow is this ever broken. I live in a rural area with limited monthly Bandwidth so when I purchased this game on sale and saw the file size (Over 40Gb) I waited until the first of the month so that I could get it without breaking my intertnet. The 1st came and I started the download. 3 full days later(due to horrible DL speeds) I finally got to start!...and it crashed to windows...no problem, fire it up again...and it crashed to windows. Third time's the charm, and it was! SO I started playing and was really enjoying it...and it crashed. This time it didn't crash to WIndows it just hung at a loading screen for 10 minutes and when I used task manager to close it, Steam wouldn't recognize that it was closed so I couldn't close Steam or load a new game. Reset my computer. Try to start playing again and every time I hit continue it hangs perpetually. Look fo some solutions, play with my video settings, download and install new video drivers, confirm that in fact there are some corrupt files in the cache so download those...another 10.9 Gb worth. Get up in the morning excited for the fix and....nothing. This is probably a great game but I will never know. Spent 20 bucks and about 50 bucks worth of internet on this turd and will never get to play it due to its status as a completely broken console port. Thanks so much guys."
76561198003388610,Not Recommended,241930,18406607,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,phicks72,"Piece of Crap, repeatative with a very crappy combat system, story line is also not very good"
,Not Recommended,241930,18705836,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Volentus,Initially entertaining but ultimately  repetitive and lacking in any depth.
,Recommended,241930,29018753,Posted: 4 January,all,DiiDii,Beautiful and smooth game
76561198072539947,Not Recommended,241930,35250339,Posted: 27 September,all,01,"To be fair, it's a nice experience, to a certain degree, but a rather poor game altogether."
,Not Recommended,241930,35249698,Posted: 27 September,all,14 victims,"Unlike many other games, this game feels like there is no clear direction as to what to do. Also, you can literally fight endless hordes and bosses just by spam clicking buttons. I want to like it, but I just can't."
,Recommended,241930,23249708,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Herostratus,"A very well optimised game, to the point that I can play it on my ancient laptop (2007-2009, I think it was designed for/created on?) , and quite fun. Many more mechanics than the simple ""kill things, read plot, kill more"", so if you choose to, you can do quite a lot of things.I'm early on in the game, so this review is subject to change."
76561197982922357,Recommended,241930,14805259,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Vertisce,It took 27 hours for me to beat this game.  I could have done it faster but I didn't want to.  I was enjoying the lore behind finding relics and completing side quests.  The combat is fun and intuitive.  The graphics are beautiful and the story is amazing!  Worthy of any Lord of the Rings fan!  I highly recommend this game as a purchase to any gamer.  After completing the game I still want to go in and finish every little scrap of it that I can...I may even want to play it again when I am done!
76561198105030206,Not Recommended,241930,35260370,Posted: 28 September,all,Doril,"Good graphics from a game that was made in 2014, movements are smooth the stealth kills and finisher moves are well done, what I don't like is when he swing his sword doing normal combos feels like no impact at all when it hit the enemy. Also, mounts movements are limited they should've add more movements variation on mounts.Gameplay mechanics were good easy to get used to. I really liked the nemesis concept and the ways you can exploits your enemy weaknesses. The game is somewhat challenging and I enjoyed playing it but the story has not much to offer unlike some games I played. Nothing much to do in this game when you're all done with the stories that's it you don't wanna play it again.All in all this is good game but its not good enough that I wanna recommend it. I'd say it's 7/10."
76561198129553175,Not Recommended,241930,19894652,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Keyboard_Cowboy,I can't even play this game on my pc it keeps crashing. So I don't know how to return it but its in my library. It is saying I have .5 hours played but that is me trying to start the game over and over lol.
76561198028284281,Not Recommended,241930,19379331,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,oldgreymane,"I found this game unplayable.The PC user interface is too complicated.  There are too many hot key combinations to remember.  In addition, the single player format is too limited.  Each player should have at least a few choices of the sort of player they would like to be.The graphics and artwork are splendid.  The Uruk npc's in particular are terrific looking.  However, that does not make up for the poor game mechanics."
76561198031611942,Not Recommended,241930,19380034,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,joemeds1,Sucks
76561197970481298,Not Recommended,241930,19901058,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Protonic Flux,"Bah, dont buy this game.  The tutorials are crap.  Half a dozen hours into the game and I still have no clear objective as to what I am suppose to be doing.  Am I working my way up a sandbox ladder of enemies to kill, am I following Golem?  Why when defeated do I get a second shot at the boss, and other times I just die?  Restarted the game several times and I still have no damn clue what my objective is.This game is a lose, lose.  It could be fun, if you knew what the @#!$ you were doing half the time.  I think part of the problem is they just throw too much at you at once.  Then again, it could be that the starting areas were farther away and tougher enemies were between me and the boss then the boss itself was.  Why is the first boss you fight ranked 4, and yet right by your damn spawn point everything is level 10+  It makes no sense.Like I said, dont waste your time buying this game.  It's nothing but pure frustration.  Wish I could get my money back for it."
,Recommended,241930,16491140,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,PopUlar,love it i would ♥♥♥♥ its mother and its brother
76561198315626015,Recommended,241930,34996066,Posted: 16 September,all,Syel Allouch,"Very fun and engaging, somewhat short. DLC are great aditions, would recommend them all."
76561198129800167,Recommended,241930,30785129,Posted: 27 March,all,Tetz,Hacking orcs.Riding caragors on fire.Beheadings abound.10/10
,Recommended,241930,30786966,Posted: 27 March,all,PerfectPencil,"I am a die hard Tolkien fan. The first book read to me as a child was the hobbit. I've read through all of Tolkien's work multiple times since I was a kid and I can tell you these stories are sacred to me. I know these games are not cannon, but they feel like they very well could be. From a storyline perspective, they do a really good job of incorporating things we know from tolkien's writing and then filling in the blank sections in history with events that seem highly probable. The twisting of evil in Mordor feels right. The orcs are at the same time brutal and suffering, something that is a requirment for the children of Morgoth. Playing through you come to care about both Talion and Celebrimbor and (as long as you seek out runes and other items of lore) you can see how they fit together as a pair. Although the first DLC is somewhat superficial, the second DLC expands the storyline fully by allowing you to play through the moment when Celebrimbor originally dies and becomes cursed. You see his decent into madness, losing himself and becoming blinded by the need to destroy Sauron. Eventually even Talion comes to this conclusion. Seriously, it just feels so damned good to live the story this way.Gameplay is of course quite fluid and satisfying. If you go straight for main storyline quests and rush them, you can speed run the game in maybe 5-10 hours. If you take your time and explore the lore and side quests, you'll be able to spend a good 50-60 in the game. It is an open word game so you need to keep that in mind.I originally played this game years ago and just decided to play through it one more time (this time with the DLC since it didn't exist when I finished my 1st playthrough) and was very happy with the end result. My hope is that the sequel does everything right and we get another really well realized Tolkien game."
76561198116200549,Recommended,241930,30787598,Posted: 27 March,all,superqi86,Enjoy the thrill of sneaking and brutally killing the ugly mobs.. recommended game!
,Recommended,241930,23828728,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MashYeti,"This game was a blast at first. Highly recommend playing this if you're up for a time killing, mindless, relatively easy action/adventure game. Especially if you're a Lord of The Rings fan [even though it doesn't follow any Lord of The Rings storylines]. It's pretty basic though, and gets somewhat repetitive as you progress further into the story. It was well optimized and the game runs very smooth if you have the hardware to run it.If it's on sale, you should definitely pick it up because there is a good 25+ hours of solid gameplay."
76561198080487882,Recommended,241930,33016102,Posted: 29 June,all,Regan,"I don't know what to say about this game, so I'm just going to do something about it.*Dab*11/10 would *Dab* with me."
76561198032282758,Recommended,241930,30353321,Posted: 6 March,all,Karhi,"Pretty good combat, just kinda boring after awhile"
76561198072651334,Recommended,241930,28522493,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The Tyrant Kreis,"F-ing B-E-A-UTIFUL! Even for a 2 year old game, this is the best looking one I've ever played. Amazing gameplay, story, combat, and AI too! I wish I could get the soundtrack and art book for this."
76561198271106535,Recommended,241930,30515194,Posted: 14 March,all,Purple,"One of the best games I've ever played, i would gladly pay double the price to experience this game again."
,Recommended,241930,13761343,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,44Yoshi,Killing orcs is fun
,Recommended,241930,12855735,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Vacban 先生,BUTIFUL Game I recomend u buy it!
,Recommended,241930,14481881,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,FANTAK,"Action packed adventure games, one of the very best single player games released in 2014, great story, amazing gameplay, tons of contents.A mixture of Assassin creed and Batman Arkham series, Shadow of Mordor doesnt disappoint and a must have."
76561198015583107,Not Recommended,241930,28602689,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,^3Stoat,Dull game with frustrating stealth mechanics.
76561197966762955,Not Recommended,241930,14803453,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ChristGuard,"This game is very easy... I fought probably 40 orks at once with a captian in the middle, no problem. The main story missions are a joke, they are anoying... espicialy missions where you have to find items or stealth... there is realy little fun in this game. And the map is very small, you can walk across the world in about 5 minutes."
,Recommended,241930,22724626,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,♠ ZYZO ♠ 🆅🅰🅻🆅,Buy it  10/10
76561198022940536,Recommended,241930,12319711,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Luckiernut,"Very immersive, great story and voice acting. I love how you can play at your own pace and you can play exactly how you want."
,Recommended,241930,32903791,Posted: 27 June,all,Drunkpig,10/10
76561197989728689,Recommended,241930,12527634,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,[SA] ☣☠Bärsverker☠☣,"This game is highly recommended for those who likes Assassins Creed, aswell as the Arkham Asylum(?) game.I highly recommend this game!Might've been one of the funniest most enjoyable games I've played in ages, due to that I'm a huge fan of the Assassins Creed Series, and LOTR.2 of my favourites in ONE game!I recommend this!"
,Recommended,241930,12355503,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,joji,Well the graphics are good gameplay is awesome the combat is too so BUY IT
76561198021763573,Recommended,241930,12926636,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Elimonateor,"I like the game, love the lore, and especially love the choice availibility throughout the game. I enjoy the upgrading system, I love the animations and the randomness of the perks/weaknesses of different uruk or orc/hobgoblin appearance.Though I wish the game came with all the DLC rather than having us wait. Games these days seem to all have a DLC for content that has no release date to note, or even guarantee that everything launched or released if you purchased the DLC season pass that you still wont have to spend more. I wish that was fixed. IF you buy the game YOU SHOULD GET ALL OF THE GAME EITHER AT THE SET PRICE OR AN ADJUSTED PRICE NEEDED per game."
,Recommended,241930,33783560,Posted: 25 July,all,sPACEMAN ツ,orge slayer 'D
,Recommended,241930,34408590,Posted: 21 August,all,Safari Mesh,MgsV but with swordsheck yes my guy
76561198173269291,Not Recommended,241930,33545043,Posted: 14 July,all,Spojinowski,"Great game. Great optimization. Great graphics. Great story. Bad ending. The game was extremely satisfying and very fun to play, and the story really had something going for it, but the ending just really annoyed me because it left us on such a cliffhanger. The game also feels like it has little replayability since it really would've taken me about two hours to complete the story if I wasn't distracted by the artifacts or branding every Uruk Warchief and Captain. The game is certainly fun, but to me, lost it's purpose when I finished the story and the challenges."
,Not Recommended,241930,24240738,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,beats2reason,"In the end, the need to constantly hold the R-trigger all the time cramped my hand and I could only manage to play short periods of time. Was fun, just felt like a torture device to play. I gave it a couple days. The game said I was 6% complete and felt increasingly grindy and repetitive the millionth time I watched a stealth kill animation."
76561198114712332,Recommended,241930,25853134,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,JapsuV,"A really good game, great story added to the middle earth franchise. There are tons of things to do, the DLC are really good."
,Recommended,241930,32970990,Posted: 28 June,all,Caribou Lou,"Fantastic game with smooth framerates, great graphics, fantastic voice acting, fluid combat (heavily influenced/inspired by the Arkham games, since I believe it's the same publishers and/or dev team) and cool abilities that you can activate and use really easily to chain combos and do all kinds of cool stuff. Loosely set in the LOTR universe but having nothing to do directly with the film/book universe other than the overall setting for the game, the story is compelling, though short. The real stars of the show are the combat and the nemesis system (where you can influence the politics of the army of Mordor and set up really awesome rivalries to have climactic showdowns).I'd highly recommend the game, especially if it's on sale. With the sequel set to come out shortly, check out what made this game so fantastic."
,Recommended,241930,16124368,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,squits,"The combat is awesome, the unlocks are awesome, the story is excellent, my experiences in this game are awesome.I am doing my normal, not wanting to leave the game world, so I am completing everything at my own pace over several weeks..Learning the weaknesses of Captains and Warchiefs and then exploiting them is a brilliant mechanic.Dominating Caragors and letting them loose instead of riding them, then climbing a tower and watching the fun makes me giggle, especially when headshotting an Orc for trying to attack my beautiful pets.I basically wanted the game since its release date and bought it for myself for a 40th birthday present. best £15 I've ever spent.The only thing I would warn anyone about is the possibly repetitive nature of the game, but that is why I like it.People normally rate 11/10, so I will go with 7/5."
,Not Recommended,241930,33544024,Posted: 14 July,all,Wracky,"Not being able to save at properly defined points ment doing a lot of stuff over again when I had to quit the game in between for some reason. Missions sometimes need to be completely redone with the smallest errors, and if that error than happens because your character doesn't want to move all of a sudden because of some problem with geometry or being stuck behind a barrel or a rock, than this game becomes rather tedious and frustrating. Overall it felt chaotic and I didn't feel like there was a point to all of this. I didn't feel like I was advancing the story much, but instead just got frustrated with the game while playing what I think was side missions. I can imagine people enjoying this game for its sweet combat moves in the group battles but it's... not for me."
76561197990021143,Not Recommended,241930,33544182,Posted: 14 July,all,vw,"yeah yeah yeah.. gameplay is great and so is nemesis system, graphics and optimization is also good and etc etc etc..It's all fun and games until you get to the ending.WORST ENDING EVER.There should be a free dlc which substitutes this rushed ending with a decent one."
,Not Recommended,241930,35237083,Posted: 27 September,all,Benjaman,"Got this game during Summer Sale and I'm glad I did. If I had paid full price for this, I would have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Pros: Innovative system of dominating enemy AI and commanding them to do set up missions to advance the story.Cons: Insultingly easy, no difficutly settings, repetitive gameplay, little diversity in gameplay or environment, and the last boss is a ♥♥♥♥ing QTE.Other things I don't like:Same open world tower/collectathon BS found in every other open world game. Small world. Story acts like it's gonna expand and open up, then doesn't.It's not the worst game ever by any means, but it's not NEARLY as good as people say it is."
,Recommended,241930,31896786,Posted: 21 May,all,ActuallyFBI,"Great graphics, Fun combat, Good story, Difficult, and ♥♥♥♥ing insane one moment you are fighting a single oppenent then 5 mroe come then 5 more then 10 more then you are fighting 15 enemies and 4 bosses at the same time."
,Recommended,241930,12476680,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Damien Ramirez,"Mix of Assassins creed & Batman, bit more difficult in areas than it needs to be, but there some ways around to make that easier if you have the time. The lack of ways to heal in battle at the start, cant change the controller lay out from X-box to Playstation makes dying happen ALOT due to not knowing WTF Y, B, X, A are on the controller. would be nice if they had a difficulty adjuster instead of story to make certain fights easier.overall 7.5 out 10."
76561197985514149,Not Recommended,241930,20354358,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,John Preston,"Before you read my review, keep in mind that I only chose ''Not Recommended'' because there is no mid-term between yes and no here in the steam review system. With that in mind, lets keep going:Shadow of Mordor is an awesome game with a very good battle system, but the story is only there to fill a context. The first story missions got my attention, but along the way I lost interest in the motivation of the characters. And there's another problem as well: the story missions don't differ at all from what you already do when you are exploring the map and 90% of the time they don't take you to a new place: you just walk in the same map, and if you are like me, exploring 100% of the map, this will certainly keep you bored.Speaking of 100%, I completed entirely every single thing there is to do in the main game, and the sense of reward here was utterly disappointing. I took all the collectibles and the only thing I got was a text and an audio reading it. Oh, and an achievement, but seriously, I was expecting way more.The boss fights were disappointing, again. The enemies are no different from what you already face in the map, and the final bosses are ridiculous. 4 stealth kills and some quick time events. Seriously? The creativity was lacking or Warner pushed the company to deliver the game unfinished like it always do? We will never know, but this completely killed my interest in the DLCs.Even with that, I tried to play the Lord of the Hunt and the Shining Lord DLCs, but I just couldn't finish them. Lord of the Hunt takes you TO THE SAME ♥♥♥♥ING MAP IN THE MAIN GAME and you have some missions to do, and some new monsters to ride. The problem is that those monsters are just the same monsters you know with one or two new abilities, and the core of the missions and the collectible are the same from the main game. Congratulations, you lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.I played the Shining Lord DLC for 10 minutes and got out to review the game and lay it to rest. Some new and different abilities, but not enough. Again, the same mission's core mechanics of the main game and the Lord of the Hunt campaign: Kill or Brand 5 warchiefs, build forge towers, bla bla bla. Companies nowadays should learn from CD Projekt Red how to make a real DLC.Even with all those flaws, the combat is awesome, and the Nemesis system is really good. If you are killed by an enemy, this enemy will grow stronger and even get promoted, and you will earn points for getting revenge at it. The gameplay is really fun, to make me complete 100% of the game even with the flaws.With that said, get it on a sale, because it's not worth full price."
,Recommended,241930,20244965,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Smartalek,What can i say you play as a legit shadow like no joke here boys you're some possessed ghost and you start slashing these orc boys and your like // taking all these chumps down these orc bros didn't stand a chance ♥♥♥♥ing bring them to my frat house and ♥♥♥♥ them up at beer pong too doesn't matter sword or balls i got them beat play this game if you want to kill it in some beer pong action
,Recommended,241930,20254351,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,McAfee Experience,It's a great game for people who loves fantasy games because you can do alot in this game It's really good. 10/10
76561198152227834,Recommended,241930,20259367,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Joshemness,The game is just beautiful. The story is strong however it is kind of repepitive in general with following beasts to fight them.
76561198064180075,Recommended,241930,20246441,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,RabbleRabbit,"If you love Lord of the Rings... Then yes. Dear God, Yes... This is a fantastic game!"
,Recommended,241930,29278296,Posted: 15 January,all,Pinkie Pie,"This game turns your hours to seconds, makes your orcis fantasies come true. There are some points that i didn't understand in story (apperiance of gollum, wich era are we) but controlling uruk captains is becoming fetish :D I mean when you finish the game completely you just don't satisfy you it takes like 9-10 hours to fully complete everything but then you start to train your warchiefs to reach 20 lvl and when you discover some are not legendary you kill them, you try to controll all uruk captains and just hope when they reach 20 they become legendery captains. Most of them don't eventually some of them dies while doing events, and you start with new uruk captains. It becoes a serious cancer. It just doesn't end and this is just the playing strategy of the game.Game has very nice combat system but tired of typing so i recommend it :)"
76561198289270548,Recommended,241930,30963354,Posted: 5 April,all,Grey,Must play
76561197971139101,Recommended,241930,12466705,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,corriscant,Very good game! Finished it just now.Great respect to developers.
,Recommended,241930,31467543,Posted: 30 April,all,Thot Destroyer,"Pretty good, well except for you know what...that final boss"
,Recommended,241930,31159828,Posted: 15 April,all,XeeX,Good
76561198019226367,Recommended,241930,30152771,Posted: 24 February,all,robsypes,This is my favorite game of all time!I absolutely love this game.  The only knock on it is it's not long enough.
,Recommended,241930,30129057,Posted: 23 February,all,Syndex,Where do I begin!? This game is mindblowing! One of my favorite games <3
76561198158228926,Recommended,241930,30156797,Posted: 24 February,all,stormtrooper,Game is excellent
76561198073965669,Recommended,241930,33287551,Posted: 5 July,all,Mr.Wrench,A damn Good game with a damn good price.
76561198073183606,Recommended,241930,24701714,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Grimhorn,Amazing game all around.  Well worth the money!
,Recommended,241930,28684075,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Granq 😈,"Basically it's assassin's creed of middle Earth. Has that fun smooth flowing Batman-esque fighting. Not too complicated at this point, but quite fun if you like chaining combos and physical combat."
76561198101214094,Recommended,241930,13928573,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,cartermaloff96,If you are a fan of kick♥♥♥♥♥action games. Please do yourself a favor and buy this.
76561198300579700,Not Recommended,241930,35454096,Posted: 3 October,all,Cryptic_45,boring
76561198383636673,Recommended,241930,35458274,Posted: 3 October,all,EasyBakeWaffles,Great Game to get lost in but better on console
76561198354676370,Recommended,241930,35457883,Posted: 3 October,all,atesozcelik,"Wonderful game i loved it but causes unexpected overheating.Said ""unexpected"" because my gaming laptop (ASUS ROG GL702VSK) has i7-7700HQ, 32GB RAM and GTX1070. Even with this hardware, I've seen 70°C in ROG Gaming Center."
76561198155116995,Recommended,241930,15560119,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ScrewOnHead,"10/10, would preambulate into the dark lands again."
76561198163081482,Recommended,241930,20432023,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Andreee,I like it.
,Recommended,241930,25360336,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,JolyGoodDay,gg
,Recommended,241930,12392695,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Dar-Ma,"very good game, like assassins creed only harder for a bit but then easier but cool cus the bad guys like know who you are and the NPCs get spooked more as the game goes on"
,Recommended,241930,35470525,Posted: 4 October,all,Sendiri Di Rumah,Very nice RPG Game.. Love it!
,Recommended,241930,35466398,Posted: 4 October,all,ammar123t,What an addictive game !!
76561198058485174,Recommended,241930,35473239,Posted: 4 October,all,Champis Gubben,VERY NICE!
76561198201509681,Recommended,241930,35473803,Posted: 4 October,all,MoMoX,One of the best advanture game i've played.
,Recommended,241930,35477406,Posted: 4 October,all,Tsas Bros,game is very good cant wait for shadow of war btw i preorder shadow of war on pc
,Recommended,241930,30886786,Posted: 1 April,all,WhatAmIDoing,I have more relationships in this game than I have in the real world. Wot.
76561198201727628,Recommended,241930,33305308,Posted: 6 July,all,#OVERWATCH,One of the best games of current gen.Im not a fan of middle earth but this game is just badass EVERYONE MUST PLAY THIS GAME.If you enjoy video games thats more than enough to enjoy this game
,Recommended,241930,32787737,Posted: 25 June,all,RosarioWolf,hack and slash is fun!
76561198093184170,Recommended,241930,32786854,Posted: 25 June,all,GASHT¡,"70 minutes in, having never watched LoTR the game blew me away."
,Recommended,241930,33347639,Posted: 7 July,all,Xemor,"Get it if it's on sale, marvel at the graphics and enjoy the nemesis system!"
,Recommended,241930,34143522,Posted: 10 August,all,Shrobbes,IS GUD GAME
,Recommended,241930,34144624,Posted: 10 August,all,Volgarixon,Good
,Recommended,241930,12499013,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,WosselWozzel,Beheading Simulator 201410/10
76561198061926556,Recommended,241930,19735999,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,watcher,love it
,Not Recommended,241930,35479939,Posted: 4 October,all,SmallKoreanSeal™,Respawn rates are so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... It got so repetitive so quick and i still endured a couple more hours until i throwed this game...
,Recommended,241930,34449265,Posted: 23 August,all,100 too ez,sik meme
,Recommended,241930,32779692,Posted: 25 June,all,Zuemagynekoloog,Fun game kinda like a dark souls you need to dodge a lot but if you are a fan of lotr then you should buy it 100%
76561198101652734,Recommended,241930,33415857,Posted: 9 July,all,What a nice guy,+
76561198313130713,Recommended,241930,33942058,Posted: 31 July,all,KOONS2121,"This game was absolutely amazing, great story line. Played through the main story in just 2 days because I could not stop playing it was too darn good. Recommend for sure."
76561197966203934,Recommended,241930,12313209,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"This game is AMAZING, i smile so big it woud reach  to the Moon while Playing and slaughter Orcs (looks awesome i bet) every figth, the farming of Orcs the Movements the assassiantion possibility, I LOVE IT.  The RPG part is my absolute Favorite in this game it makes it PERFECT, i just have to handel the combination of skills and the Keybinding cuz it needs much more keys for skills then evry other game and its not like u can just take 1-9 cuz i think its sucks with mouse handling and movement, so i have to train even myself to be able t do the best combos and skill using.11/10  ""No Description in the World can tell you the Awesomeness of this Game"""
,Recommended,241930,18229125,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,bboalt,Fantastic
,Recommended,241930,19029447,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,longlingpang,best game in a long time
,Recommended,241930,30640879,Posted: 20 March,all,Mackledog,"Fight multitudes of Orcs and slaughter your enemies! The gameplay mechanics are incredible. I have enjoyed this game to no end. They truly did the controls very well, not clunky at all like Assassins Creed.It does get a little monotonous for some of the end game quests, but there are plenty of sidequests to entertain.My favorite part was turning all the Orcs and having massive armies of Orcs turning on each other."
76561198116858855,Recommended,241930,14251367,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,hawk20a,"AMAZING GAME. beat the main questline in about thirty hours. Story line was good, but they failed to explain a lot of things, and at the end, they talked about ""its time for a new ring"" which was irrelevant. They tried to mix in too much lord of the rings history and characters and such, which didnt really fit. Even the intertwining with Celebrimbor seemed a bit overkill. They could have done away with just, Talion's family died, and he became cursed, he wants vengenace, but they tried to add in that extra LOTR bit. But overall, amazing game, combat, nemesis system is awesome, definitely an instant classic game. Other than a bit of storyline mix ups and confusion, the game is amazing. Maybe they could make a sequel...?"
,Recommended,241930,12507926,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,hoohex,"maaaan this game is amazing! its like assassins creed 1, but good, with orcs and other things."
,Recommended,241930,22189091,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,Ever wonder what it’s like playing Batman: Arkham series in Middle-Earth universe against Uruk and Orcs? This will tell you what it’s like.Oh and the story is awesome.
,Recommended,241930,23093263,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,DeadlyDanDaMan,The Nemesis system is one of the greatest game mechanics to be invented in the history of gaming.
,Not Recommended,241930,20694676,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dux,"I wanted to like this game. The graphics are great, the voice acting...seems ok? The action is good. But unfortunately there was something missing. Something that would normally keep me playing games. I didn't care for my character, because he just respawns when he dies, i didn't care about the upgrades, i just didn't feel like anything even made me care about the world in the game.... let Sauron have it TBH. if you get it for cheap then its a good time waster. But thats really it."
,Recommended,241930,24982425,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Ginseng,Very fun and exciting. :)
,Recommended,241930,12395235,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,XenoLocke,Slaughter tons and tons of orcs. So much fun!
76561198014704153,Not Recommended,241930,19404696,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,WolfauraRose,"Don't like the combat, it's tiresome and very repetitive, thought it was kind of fun at first, now I just feel bored playing it.The camera is too close to the character, often making it hard to see everything attacking you.Which at times makes it hard to dodge attacks.Another over hyped, over rated game, sort of ok but gets boring fast, all it mostly is, is repetitive combat fighting massive groups of orcs. Not a game I recommend.I'd rate it as an average rather boring game. 5/10"
76561198038740078,Not Recommended,241930,18351213,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,tuffalmighty,"As others have stated,  game is a mix of Assassin's Creed and Batman Arkham Asylum. Rips a lot of ideas off from Assassin's Creed in particular. Basically Assassin's Creed in Modor, minus the cool setting, historical element, or marginally decent story. I worked hard on my review of the gameplay. Ready? See belowKill Orcs. Spam Y buttonKill Orcs. Spam Y ButtonKill Orcs. Spam Y ButtonKill Orcs. Spam Y ButtonWhile busy killing Orcs, more orcs show upKill more Orcs. don't forget to Spam Y button!You can play this game while taking a dump and drinking a coffee simultaneously. Just spam the Y button.This game does a lot of things right - owners of an Alienware with light up keyboard will be pleased to see their keyboard glow various colors in coordination to events of the game. The game has great graphics, gameplay is largely functional, no bugs or performance issues. But there are a ton of spam fights that really never end.If you want to play Assassin's Creed in Mordor with way far more spam encounters - buy this.if you do not want more of that - avoid this.That simple."
,Not Recommended,241930,32228477,Posted: 6 June,all,DrDino's Fat Cock,"I got bored after the second area, it's all the ♥♥♥♥ing same."
76561198010812705,Not Recommended,241930,17335946,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,kialdoolin,"I played this for a small amount of time and was disappointed considering many very positive reviews I had read about it. I've been a pc gamer all my life (over 20 years) and feel this is extremely 'consoley'. The combat consists of left click to attack and right click to block. Even after 40 minutes I found it very repetitive with little skill or feeling of a good rpg. Skill progression didn't feel good or useful with UI influenced and created for consoles.I rarely write reviews but I felt that this needed an honest review. Some people will like this game, but when you've got games likes path of exile, the witcher, dragon age etc, this game is not even worth £5."
76561198005519534,Recommended,241930,12370059,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Wobahs,"Shadow the♥♥♥♥♥♥hedgehog likes visceral, soon the big butt. The Bane meaty tark kek voluptous. 10. Big Baggins mustache booger sagbag game meme. Bombadil and watch fiddle next-gen orc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, woah... FOR FRODOOO!!! Zoe mirin' free, silky smooth eagles standing Tibetan lore. Sauron, I'm monolith nemesis triggered. Epic cheesecake. The colloquial cuck meme, Jew but plugs. He tickles? The ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic has masketta. Cis 3 is style, John Cena. Funny eagles le belt immersive gamer hit-streaks. Bane for Tips: the Sequel."
76561198059414508,Not Recommended,241930,13462263,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Heerodin,"As fun as the game was, it did not warrant the 50$ price tag for such a short story, plus the nemises stuff gets old faster than you'd think. This game is pretty cool, but I would not spend that amount of money for this short of a game. I have completed nearly every possible thing in the game (Almost because it was so repetitive I couldn't be bothered anymore). You will play through this once and be done. You will have fun, but it'll be short lived."
76561198028399961,Not Recommended,241930,12387459,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rattler5150,Great graphics dont make up for a flawed combat system.I feel I was robbed out of $50
76561197972466981,Not Recommended,241930,12578437,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,cleahy,"Nice game, gorgeous visuals at times. However, it is very buggy. Crashes and locks up at random times. Save games vanish, or rollback. Avoid it until the bugs are fixed, or go for console."
76561198067370344,Not Recommended,241930,12446213,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Spete,"Totally not worth 50 Euros. I played through the game in 19 hours, with more than half of the side missions played. And completing them wouldn't take many hours, 4 tops. and that brings us to 23 hours of approximated gameplay time.Even though I liked the gameplay and the mechanics, I still could't justify calling this game a RPG with a 23h 100% comletion time."
,Recommended,241930,12298782,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Deano,Thoroughly impressed even though I'm only 4 hours in. It has met and exceeded all of my expectations and it's not a buggy  disaster like most others on release. It's well optimised and was even released a day before schedule. I currently have nothing horrible to say about this game.-Fluid and captivating combat-Amazing interactions between enemies and the world-Great voice acting-Visuals are great in some aspects but lacking in others-Good lore-Lots of quests and collectibles-Playable with mouse and keyboard or gamepad. Currently no way to dissable mouse smoothing and acceleration.-Soundtrack fits nicelyWell worth the price tag!
76561197983205856,Not Recommended,241930,15561123,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,downingd,"There are not that many games I bought that the gameplay makes me want stop within the first 5 hours and makes me feel like I wasted my money. This is one of those. Can't save when you want to is bad enough, but limited bow usage and poor UI and controls that are awful. Wishing I could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,241930,12394343,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Space Ho,BYERS REMORSE OH GOD PLEASE CAN I HAVE MY MONEY BACK
76561198043197798,Not Recommended,241930,12405292,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Passive Aggressive Narwhal,"WTF, Easiest game in the bloody world, How can they say its complete. F**king joke"
,Recommended,241930,12317494,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,DarthBlingBling,goat
,Not Recommended,241930,12448290,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,WestLife [shaun3h],Crash on start up wiped the saved game completely.In this day and age i cant imagine how a game could be so badly coded that a crash (first in over 20hrs nice job on the patch) could wipe your progress. Surely that 20kb save file could be doubled to prevent this kind of loss ? I'll pirate in future. I advise anyone that reads this to pirate it instead.
,Not Recommended,241930,12474543,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ChoLoliCoN,"Overall     63/100Not recommendable, wait for 50% sale[Gameplay]  30/50+ Open World like Assassin's Creed and action like Batman AC+ Choosing and killing captains are fun+ Gathering runes, and customizing weapons are fun-  Action is repetitive becomes boring after few hours[Story]  15/20+ LotR based looks interesting[Graphics]  6/10= Alright graphics, nothing amazing[SoundTrack]  5/10= Alright soundtrack, nothing amazing[PC Friendly]  7/10+ Can be played with mouse and keyboard with ease+ Customizable graphic option-  Camera feels as if there is mouse acceleration"
76561198028516553,Not Recommended,241930,16587105,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Toe,"The story is cool but, the game gets boring. Imagine playing the Arkam City, now it’s almost the same only twice as many enemies with half the abilities available. You don’t want to get into fights because all you can do is wak them with your no damage sword over and over. Later on when you level up and put points into combo, you can finally kill an orc faster once you get 5x stacks. The problem with this is that there are 10 to 20 orcs sometimes, so I just leave them because it’s just too boring to deal with. At least with the batman game you can use baterangs, grappling hook, explosive gel etc… to make your battles more interesting. Finally, I’ve had this game for 6 months now and only half way through due to its dullness. If you like a good story with mediocre battle system get it, if you want to have fun, go get Arkam City or the new batman game that just came out."
,Not Recommended,241930,32781212,Posted: 25 June,all,mic$hafes,"At first its a lot of fun, but then it quickly gets old... some capitans are just unkillable because of the amount of random orcs they are surronded by. I'd prefer if it had a little more to it than cutting up enemies."
,Recommended,241930,12325169,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Victorious,This is the Middle Earth game we were all waiting for. I was very sceptical about the choise of monolith to create a unique story based on J.R.R Tolkeins work but i can safely say that Monolith has more than surprised me this game is absolutely amasing and more over it is more so based on the works of J.R.R Tolkein rather than Peter Jackson's Work on the movies although you will happily fet to see golumn pay you a visit in the game 9.5/10 coming from a hardcore fan of both the movies and books about middle earth
,Recommended,241930,12303371,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Panda354,I got killed by some random weak bald ugly uruk which become a super captain after that
,Not Recommended,241930,34306228,Posted: 17 August,all,justAEA,"This is hands down one of the most overrated games I've ever played. It is a shameless clone of Arkham City. Gameplay consists of freeflow combat and 'stealth' sections, like AC. Combat is fine, it's not as polished as AC but it's ok. My problem is they literally copy+paste'd the entire combat system. You even press the same button combinations to execute same special attacks. Also the 'stealth' in this game is a joke. I'm not someone who complains about a game being easy but I will about this game. You can literally sneak+run towards enemies while they are facing you and stealth kill them. I will admit it is very empowering and the kill animations are very nice but it gets very boring very fast. Also the camera in this game is a little weird. I don't understand why they chose to put it at same level as your character, instead of a little higher. This is specially annoying when you are running. Speaking of running, this game has a 'parkour' system similar to Assassin's Creed. Would you be surprised if I told you it's nowhere near as polished? Most baffling part is that you can't climb obstacles if you approach them from certain angles, you just stop and lose all your momentum as well as your motivation to play the game.This game also has one of the most bland game worlds I've seen in a while. Everywhere looks the same. It is an insult to the world Tolkien created. The story is another insult. It barely exists and it is so poorly handled, they might as well not bothered. Our main character Talion is as bland and forgettable as they get. Elf-guy was much more interesting because of his background but there is no characterisation whatsoever, so I didn't care for him either. This game completely fails in being a good open world game too. Side missions are very repetitive and boring, and there are a lot of them. Collectibles are ok though because they give you a little bit of lore.Now let's talk about the nemesis system. It's ok. It's not the groundbreaking thing everyone makes it out to be. It's fun and takes this game from being an incompetent piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to 'a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥i hated but grinded for 35 hours because I am completionist.'I didn't like this game at all guys. I'm sorry if I offended you with of my language but I had to let this out. I'm just mad because people are praising this game but criticising CoD franchise for 'being the same thing every year.' I just want to remind you that, that is hypocriticism. Anyways, I cannot wait for Shadow of War and its loot boxes. Thanks for reading."
76561198019995808,Not Recommended,241930,33396344,Posted: 9 July,all,Brian Cassidy,"I really wanted to like this game.  It was a good game visually, and it seemed like I was going to enjoy it, then I got in a fight with my first warlord.  My tale of woe.......He was surrounded by a big group of mobs.  My strategy was to pick of the mobs with arrows, then go in for the kill.  Only had like 6 arrows, had to go replenish my arrows, and then when I picked off enough mobs, more mobs came to replace them.  WTF!?!?I continue this strategy, but then 2 of his mobs, for some reason, become warcheifs!!!  WTF!?!?So, I decide, enough of this nonsense, arrows aren't working.  I go in and do melle (arrows didn't work on the main guy btw).  I'm able to take out the trash mobs, and continually roll around and avoid getting hit.  So, time to take out the main bad guy, while avoiding the 2 other warcheifs I spawned.  I go in to hit him with a melle strike, and nothing!  NOTHING!!!!  I can't damage him with arrows!!  I can't damage him with melle!!  WTF!?!?As soon as I try to damage him, he counter attacks, hits me, and takes away 70% of my health in one hit!!  Then, one of his warcheifs hits me, and I'm ♥♥♥♥ing dead.  Was trying to kill this guy with hit and run tactics for about 45 minutes.   WTF!?!?How am I rewarded for my struggle?  When I die, I get a cutscene of all the warlords.  The main one, and the 2 other ones I somehow created, all get promoted, and level up!!  WTF!?!?  It wasn't hard enough already!?!?So, in the last throws of a desperate man, I go to the internet.  There's no specific info on boss fights, because they're all randomly generated.  It says sometimes the bosses have certain vulnerabilities that you can exploit if you get into the mind of a certain trash mob.  They're marked on the map, so I found one, and decided to go hunting.  I find him, with 10 of his buddies.  I'm on a kill fest (either the fights are extremely easy or difficult in this game), and end up killing the guy who I'm supposed to get the info from.  ARGGGG!!!!!!I go find another, kill his buddies, finally get the info out of his head, and the info for the warcheif.  His vulnerability??  He's scared of those big monster things you can mount.  So, I have to unlock the ability to mount these things, go find one, mount it, then I might have a chance of killing the guy from before.  The catch??  I need ability points to unlock it.  How do I get ability points you might ask??   Wait for it............BY KILLIN ♥♥♥♥ING WARLORDS!!!  How the ♥♥♥♥ am I supposed to get ability points to skill up and kill warlords if I can't kill warlords!?!?At this point, I decided I had enought of this nonsense and quit playing.  I want to enjoy my Saturday night.  This game was just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.In Summary:  It's on sale for 15 bucks now.  If that includes all the DLC♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it.  It has very nice visuals, and some people like really challenging games.  I'm not one of those people.  It was frusterating and repetitive.A good alternative:  The same studio made Mad Max.  The play control is almost the same as this game.  I think they realized they made this game too hard, and corrected that with Mad Max.  If you're a fan of the Genre, and it's on sale, that is a much better game."
,Not Recommended,241930,29222430,Posted: 13 January,all,oguzhanjd,Abysmal game. Endless and meaningless combat which is extremely boring after a few hour. Waste of time and money.
,Not Recommended,241930,32032426,Posted: 28 May,all,coolawesomego*,"This is just batman arkham asylum but with swords and orcs. It also has free running à la assassin's creed but more poorly executed. The random captain mechanic is interesting but bears too much weight and it is not enough to carry a game on. The story is bland and predictable. It looks good however. And my favorite part was making my character the woman model ranger and then she kept the man voice actor. I think this game is a very safe and polished game which takes little to no risks. I enjoyed some time with it, but will not finish it and would not recommend it."
,Recommended,241930,12305432,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Leszek,Just buy it and play itPure awesomness!EDIT1:After more than 20 hours of running and killing the Orcs I still have a lot of fun playing this game.
,Recommended,241930,12299332,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Shuamann1,Really lives up to the Lord of the Rings legacy. The main aspects of the game that I have enjoyed are as followed:The game has many tie-ins with the books and is so well put togetherVoice acting in this game is outstandingIt runs great (280x with ultra settings at 60 FPS)Story is above averageThe nemesis system allows you to forge your own entertainment
,Recommended,241930,33405937,Posted: 9 July,all,MEliria,JUST YES
,Recommended,241930,12365301,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Munithe EXT,"Really cool game.  Starts off easy, then gets really hard, but it starts getting easier again and that's when it gets good."
,Not Recommended,241930,32692975,Posted: 23 June,all,Mathematical Genius,Incredibly Boring. Combat more repetitive than Assassins Creed. Only Lord of the Rings fanboys will say this game is good
,Not Recommended,241930,32228526,Posted: 6 June,all,Zoffix Znet,"Twice tried to get into this game, due to its high praise, but seems it's just not for me.Characters incessantly drone on in lofty tones about something, while music is blaring over them, even after turning down its volume. I can't understand half of the stuff they say.I'm ""banished"" from death and I'm meant to fix it? So I'm immortal and my goal in the game is to die? I just don't get it. Who the hell is this wrath guy? What's up with these orks all over the shop? Why am I twitching like I'm having an epileptic seizure when I run?Feels like a piece you're supposed to go in if you're a fan of LoTR movies or Tolkien's books and are well familar with the universe and their characters. The sound issues and weird camera positioning with your character right in the center of the screen tip the scales in the negative for me. A downvote."
76561197970616511,Not Recommended,241930,23371474,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,JojoTheSlayer,"Mouse Acceleration!While the game itself seems great. The PC controls are bad with excessive mouse acceleration, random turning speed and a inability to look up and down unless you move the mouse on the mousepad twice. Basically its controller focused even on PC with mouse and keyboard enabled. There is no way to fix it, no real solution, setting or ini possible edit etc. Which hampers everything you do and makes the game less enjoyable if you dont like using a gamepad for games like this. Unlike say the first Batman games that had proper mouse camera movement etc. That they havent fixed such an obvious issue for so long makes me unable to recommend the game to PC mouse and keyboard users."
76561198009200156,Not Recommended,241930,24069571,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,neotruth,"I had fun for a few hours, but a few things soured it quickly.The endless baddies simply regenerating out of thin air and in droves removes a much needed sense of accompishment in this format. The fact that I will run into bosses near or below my level that destroy me in 3 hits is a mere frustration comparatively.I also have no idea what's going on well after 6 hours of gameplay... I followed Golem for a bit, and then went back to killing things... *shrugs*Sorry, but I'm done. Moving on. A fun, visual game for a few hours, but then it loses it's charm. The mechanics are nearly identical to Assassin's Creed which I've been playing since 2007..."
,Recommended,241930,12299666,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Anoobis,Such fun this game is! One does not simply refuse to play it
,Recommended,241930,12299344,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ETD,"Imagine if Assassin's Creed and the Batman Arkham games had a baby with Tolkien.Add to that an amazing PC port with tons of options that runs exceptionally well (all options highest except textures runs solid 60fps on an i5-2500k at 4.2ghz and an HD 7970) and you have a great package, definitely worth checking out.Couldn't test ultra textures yet since the free texture pack is not available for download yet."
76561198006563227,Not Recommended,241930,25209763,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,**Greg  147**,"Can't recommend this unfortunately. It looks great, but the story is dull and the missions are painfully repetitive. As is the combat. Hit, block, hit, block. Repeat. It'd be fun if a thousand games hadn't already done it before.The enemies respawn far too quick to the point of making gameplay pointless. There's no 'I'll systematically clear this stronghold out, then hit the objective'. By the time you've got halfway through the enemies, the first ones are respawning again. There's no sense of progress, and attacking non-boss enemies feels like a waste of time. The only real option is just to run straight up to your main target and have a fight with him.The 'nemesis' system is pretty much non-existant as well (anyone you fight gets killed, so...no survivors to be your nemesis...') and the 'work your way through Saurons Army' feature is worthless as captains and generals you kill just get replaced over time with generic Orcs.This is essentially Assassin's Creed, but set in LOTR universe, and minus the interesting story and the varied gameplay. I'm really not sure why people are calling it the best game they've ever played, I found it too boring to continue past the first map. Each to their own though. Have a go if it's on sale, but I picked it up for about £5 and still would have rather spent that on a pint (£5 for a pint, what's the world coming to?)"
76561197971623548,Not Recommended,241930,12445545,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,AndroDroid,I was looking forward to playing this game but it will not run. I have Windows 7 with all Microsoft patches. I Uninstalled Steam and Middle Earth and reinstalled both. Game will still not start. Will there be a patch soon to fix the problem? I am very frustrated and if there is no fix available I will expect a refund.
76561198029066816,Not Recommended,241930,12513321,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Stevo,♥♥♥♥♥ its♥♥♥♥♥♥ the last boss is literaly a 5 button sequence. the boss before him took 5 min. you literaly need none of the abilities you worked for to beat them.
,Not Recommended,241930,17306290,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Horus,"The graphics are nice. Pretty boring combat and ... Is there even a story?The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt, for example, offers similar gameplay and is MUCH MUCH more rewarding to play.Maybe worth $10, but certainly not full release price, no way.I got bored after 5 hours, tried to go on to see if things improved, but no. It's literally THE SAME THING you were doing 5 minutes in, from the beginning to the end. They could very easily make this game endless. 100% grind, 0% discovery or fun.I really don't get the positive reviews. Maybe people post reviews after 10 minutes of play now?"
76561198002296192,Not Recommended,241930,26300694,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Oria,"Way too much of an arcade style 'beat em up' for me. I feel that all I'm doing is mashing button combos against hordes of orcs, over and over again.Giving it a bad review because the trailer and game description seemed misleading to me."
76561198048417808,Not Recommended,241930,32700834,Posted: 23 June,all,ROFLwut?,"I don't know what all the hype is about. It's a damned stealth game. The screenshots look nice but if you're ever in a position where you're surrounded by that many enemies, you're going to die. That's all there is too it.The combat system is crap too. It's exciting but clunky as hell and the game has that nauseating movement lag where you don't start moving for a second or two after you've moved the stick and you don't stop for a second or two after you release it. Couple that with a camera that's practically jammed into the back of your character's head and the fact that he gets stuck on every little rock and corner and you've got something that comes off really half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and cheap.It's a good looking game, though. No doubt about that and for a $4 sale price, well, I'm not happy with the game but I AM happy that I only blew $4 on it. Buy it if you like dragging yourself across a map by sneaking from bush to bush using a clumsy and imprecise movement system."
,Not Recommended,241930,12393307,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Microsoft PowerPoint,"Nothing like playing a game where everything you have to use to kill things is broken...okay so you want to execute an orc.  NOPE, you can't cause even though you pushed the right buttons for it...we're just going to make you use a standard attack, or better yet try to blast someone with you stupid soul power crap...in the middle of 50 orcs....cause they signaled for help even though your not in a fortress.  This game would be fun if you actually stood a chance against your enemies but it takes far too long to kill one or two orcs, and don't even think you can win if you are fighting more then on shield orc .  Best thing about the game is getting to stealth around and instant kill things.....wait a minute...is this LoTR version of Assassin's Creed?"
,Not Recommended,241930,32795752,Posted: 25 June,all,Hexii [FRA-ENG],"As said by all other negative reviews, the game gets boring at the first hour.And I think it is very sad, because they could do something great with the ability to sneak and climb, but it is ruined by poor controls (one button for three different actions, well, wonderful, what if I don't want to JUMP, nore to DODGE, but to CLIMB... well, the game decides for you...), oh, and how do I let go when I just want just to fall to the ground during a climb? I can't? The guy is afraid of letting go at 3 meters high, but jumps off a cliff 60 meters high, and lands on his feet without any problem? What the♥♥♥♥♥ I mean seriously?Story was pointless to me, had no feeling for the hero or the elf, couldn't care less about how the game ends.After three hours spent killing hundreds of orcs, going down from mid-pleasure at the beginning, to full-on boredom, I don't understand the pleasure people can take in this.Developers: the game could have been really better with good sneak and strike situations, and not a sandbox in which you just kill orcs indefinelty... why this choice? :("
76561198076320783,Not Recommended,241930,32303570,Posted: 9 June,all,Adrelandro,"It's fun and addictive, but the missions get dull quickly and the story blows."
,Recommended,241930,12310609,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,The Bubblegum Squirts,"what are ya waiting for? get this NOW. stop being a paterk-jain, get this gamenzein now-derds EHHHHHOVERLY EPIC EXECUTIONS AND COOL GAMEPLAY!9/10"
,Not Recommended,241930,13940787,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ᴺʸˣᵒˡᵃˢ ᶜᵃᵍᵉ,"Combat gets tiresome pretty quick, it's a console port.Lacks depth, cant even be a orc."
76561198035290384,Not Recommended,241930,31107096,Posted: 12 April,all,Gobs,"Seemed like lots of fun, but it crashed a lot for me. When following the basic advice like ""restart the computer"" it would lock up on the wecome screen. Sadly, it would only be fixed by uninstalling in safe mode. Refunded."
76561198078287470,Not Recommended,241930,25627170,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,CogniVision,"Terrible controls and sloppy controls, especially the movement.The combat takes your expectations of it being a braindead button masher, and exceeds them by lightyears.. you will be mashing that button a very great deal and most likely fall asleep in the process, awaking to a pile of dead orcs (or uruks?) around you.You'd be better off playing Assassin's Creed or Batman Arkham games, which this one tried and failed to mimic. Their controls and handling in free movement/combat are far superior. Though the combat systems aren't top tier in those games, both are still far better than this piece of garbage.I bought this on sale for 75% off and I still regret it."
76561198056938551,Not Recommended,241930,25435725,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Kuanling,"Played a bit, got bored.Grindy Batman Simulator."
,Not Recommended,241930,24815437,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,YouVotedTrump&AllYouGotWasAHat,"An open world game with Batman-Arkham-like game play should be a win for me and yet it's not. The game is so cookie-cutter it's hard not to feel disenchanted from the start. The world is split into two parts - one giant mud moshpit and one giant greenly-retextured mud moshpit. There is really nothing to be discovered or explored simply boxes ticked. Look at your map/compass and find an artifact here or there, move onto killing captains or do the story etc.Unlike the Arkham games that have many story threads (and many distinct settings for that matter) for you to immerse yourself in - Middle-earth has only 3. That's it. Three. There's the main quest, a beast hunting side quest, and a gollum side quest. Other than that you collect xp through killing or collecting different types of flowers/artifacts and unlock some combat skills that really don't change the way you interact with the world much (as the skills in the Arkham games do). Further there is no puzzle solving element like the Arkham games which might have compensated for the generic world. Even taking the game on it's own terms without comparison it is a shell of a game without the depth to reward engagement. Shadow of Mordor is the definition of tedious uninspired gaming."
76561198026184618,Not Recommended,241930,25642262,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Uncle Timo,"CARPAL TUNNEL SYNDROME - The GeamI will just list all the things which suck in this game.  I will get a lot of fanboi hate, but who really cares about 10 year olds?Note: played with controller on PC because this is a PURE CONSOLE PORT, which means good luck playing with moise and keyboard.1) Camera FOV sucks.Camera always finds a way to screw you.  When in a major fight, it will find a way put all the action behind a wall or another obstacle.2) Camera sucks part deuxWhen enemy super sayan bad buy shows up (more on those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥later), the camera switches to him as he makes a speech (basically says hello).  The camera angle then STAYS at this angle and does not come back to its original position.This is extremely bad (or can be) because it usually is an awkward position, i.e. he shows up behind you and now camera is showing your front side as you're trying to move/run forward3) Camera sucks troisYou move the right stick to move the camera.No, am not joking.  The camera is guided by the player.  It sometimes (but not always!) will sort itself out and do a semi-chase camera.  But usually you're struggling to move the right stick to focus the camera as it shifts you behind a giant wall and you're getting overrun by 50 orcs.HOLY CRAP MORE CAMERA SUCKS:The camera is usually pointg RIGHT. OVER. SHOULDER.So the view you get as a player is VERY limited.This gets bad in big furball fights, but is also bad when you're tying to see the lay of the land.To look up, move your stick up to see what you can climb and what's up there.  Great, now you see  in your 20 DEGREE vision sphere directly up.4) Nemesis system is the dumbest boss mechanic in the history of gaming.This game has many bosses.  These bosses level up by killing you - or being nearby when you're killed by 50 orks.  Now, lets say that you're having trouble killing a particular type of boss - one who does ranged combat.You die, and he levels up.  That means that he becomes more powerful by defeating you.  Since you're having issues killing him, you're gonna have an even harder time now.He kills you again, and he becomes super powerful.  Now you dun goofed - you have a super sayan immortal ranged badguy who takes off 1/3 of your health with his one shot.And it's not like you can get to him, as he is always surrounded by 50 orks.Now, imagine that there there are many more ranged bosses...5) Nemesis system is horribad part dwaYou learn the game, you kill off a boss, and are happy.  Then..... you see that, haha, you didn't kill him - he is somehow alive and comes back and he even says that you killed/defeated me but whateva.  What the.... ?6) Carpal tunnel 100% guaranteeThis is a button masher.  You will hit ""X"" (attack) roughly 400 times in an hour of playtime.  This is alongside other buttons, like holding ""A"" to parkour everywhere (this is assass cream, LOTR edition).  I thought Legolas in LOTR movies movement was inhuman and a bit over the top - our protagonist climbs 200 metre towers faster than he runs on level ground!7) BoredomYou will kill orks.  And kill them some more.  And then kill them some more.  You will fight super sayan bad guys. Captains. Die and/or kill them.  And do it some more.Actually, that is all you do in this game - you run around and you kill orks.THAT'S IT.8) Game prompts - it's hilarious that the game pops up hints right over your avatar's head.  Hints is too strong a word - there are three hints.  Press ""Y"" NOW!!!!11 to dodge an enemy attack, Press ""A"" !!!!!111 to climb (remember, camera angle dependent - you might wish to climb but uh oh, camera is at a wrong angle....) and ""Press ""A"" to dodge!!!11"".Those are your hints.  Total brainless button masher.9) Console port with all that impliesVery jerky controls.  When you run, you can get stuck behind a small rock and not jump over it, camera angle dependent.  You can be standing right over an enemy and try to execute an jump onto your back and stabby-stabby attack - except you don't get the prompt to do so.All the camera, FOV, jerky movement - this is part and parcel of the console market for kids' games, and that is what you get.Who might like this game:1) Someone who has very strong hands and fingers, perhaps from watching pr0n in a physically active way, may have hands and fingers strong enough to handle this2) Someone amused by killing 1,000,000,000 orks in the same 3 ways over and over and over...... Because that is the gaem, that is all that you do, kill same orks in same 3 ways forever.So, basically a perfect game for someone like radbrad, the youtuber sensation.PSAt least give us a CHASE CAMERA VIEW, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ it would improve this game tremendously."
76561197994281375,Not Recommended,241930,32481825,Posted: 16 June,all,Harm,Horrible.I just killed 500 hundred orcs.  Don't worry 1000 will respawn to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off some more.
76561197993622903,Not Recommended,241930,28245072,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Vital_Shot,"First of all, I love Assassin's Creed; I love Lord of the Rings. I don't love the two together. This game, from its stealth mechanics (hiding in bushes? Looks like AC), to the map system (shameless AC ripoff), to the ""sneak up behind your enemy and stab him in the back), and on and on and on... It's all ripped straight from Assassin's Creed. Why could we not be honest about what this was? Why not let Ubisoft develop it? Damnit, even ""wraith"" vision is the same thing as EAGLE vsion! Sorry guys... but this is NOT what I signed up for or bought. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go play some AC... the real AC."
76561197980653040,Not Recommended,241930,27926803,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bryan/Boomer,"can I just say, I'm a huge fan of LOTR, but that doesn't mean I'm a blind fanboy who can't see a copied batman/assassin's creed game, I love DnD too and I don't give them a pass either DnD online, I love the Elder scrolls series as well, doesn't mean I can give the Elder scrolls online a pass, ♥♥♥♥ no I didn't.But while this is game is ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous, the gameplay sucks balls, sorry blind fans boy's it's the truth, games like assassin's creed after the first hour of parkour and mindlessly doing the same grab/fetch/kill quests over and over again for 20+hours is straight up boring.Now I will give the lore in this game an A+ and it was entertaining to see how the blacksmith shaped the 2nd age, but that is where this game stop, period.I love Batman, but after the 3rd goddamn batman game that is virtually identical to the first, I have to put a stop to it, and I would actually find the batman games boring if I didn't enjoy the rest of the game.I have no idea how I completed more than 10 hours of this game, I was so utterly bored, but I really wanted to finish it.Graphics A+Gameplay D-, only positive was the branding system and it's uses, otherwise this would be worse than an FSound, don't really care.Lore A+overall despite being graphically and lore positive the gameplay outshadows any kind of positive on this game, I would not recommend this game to anyone for any price, period.From your first mission/quest to your last you do the same thing the whole time.  They copied batman's fighting mechanics, which I've never been a fan of anyway, and assassin's creeds' parkour and boring questing/mission system.I don't care how much you love LOTR, watch all the vids of the cutscenes online if you like the lore, leave the game alone.We need to start sending the message to gaming companies you can't keep copy/pasting games over and over again and get paid to do it, strap a DnD, warhammer, Starwars, batman, LOTR tag on it and watch the money flow in, it's disgusting.  And kids under 30, you've grown up with these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games and I apologize, but there is better out there, you've just never played them yet.  Graphics don't make a game.  Story, interaction, gameplay mechanics, make a game.sorry for the rant this♥♥♥♥♥♥is just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.This game is suppose to be an RPG, nothing in this game engages me to anything including the spirit or the enemies, and you're an overpowered toon who can literally kill 100 orcs while surrounded with little to no problems and no fear of death or loss.  Nothing in this game other than the lore is engaging and the lore has zero effect on the gameplay or the progression of the main quest line.What worries me more than anything is the overwhelming postive reviews this game has received and that means that the gaming companies and you kids will continue to allow these games to be made and believe they are epic games.   You are allowing the death of innovation by allowing games like this to continue."
,Not Recommended,241930,20228348,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Linkzaki,I got two infinite loading screens and the game crashed withing 15 minutes of playing. I'm not having a good run with Warner Bros games right now.Garbage/10
,Not Recommended,241930,12381711,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"Short Version:The good: The game has good graphics and some good voice acting.The bad: Instant fail stealth missions coupled with a thread-bare stealth system.  Performance issues at certain points (which I assume will be resolved at some point).  Poor tutorial.  The camera can do stupid things at the most inoppertune times.The Ugly:  All you do in this game is fight orcs.  The only difference from fight to fight is the venu and perhaps some speical immunities, such as the orc might be immune to ranged attacks.  Unlike a game such as Dark Souls, where each enemy is a bit different and the combat is very engaging, in this game its very repetitive and gamey.    It gets very old and this is all you do in this game.A slighly longer version which may contain some minor spoilers:There are two sections to this game, Ill call them the ""everyhing is muddy and brown"" and then the ""There is actual plant life here"" areas.  In the second area you do what you did in the first area only this time it isn't an excercise in futility.  You posses orcs in this half and then try and do make them war chiefs (which you should know by watching any preview videos).Anway, you get a bunch of upgrades, which for the most part are very boring.  There are also ruins you can slot your weapons with, but they are thing like: 15% chance to get +10 health (which is nothing) when you chop someones head off (a very rare occurance).  In other words, I was completly bored to death with all thier ruins.  Basically in some special situation there is a not very good chance to get a buff that in itself, isn't very good.So I mostly ignored that part.  I found a few epic runes where where ""meh"" but far better than the other runes you got.Anway then there is this nemisis system which creats random orcs with random powers.  Its ok, but as the orcs get higher ranks / powers then lose weaknesses and gain strengths.Let me tell you why I quit this game without finishing it:I got all the orcs under the tier of warchief under my control.  In fact I had the two 2 ranks of orcs under my control.Then there is this one war chief I want to go after.  3 of my orcs which all had a HIGHER power raiting than the war chief were his body guards.   Now you would think this would be a walk in the park, right?  Oh this war cheif was also immune to stealth, immune to ranged, regenerated, had a horde of followers and then another property which made the horde an uber horde of elite guys or something).  Also, everythig enranged this guy (makes them even more uber I guess).  Fire, wild animals, the ranger, day time, night time, etc...    He had a bunch of other strengths as well.  I was a LONG list.But I had my 3 uber dudes right?So anyway I go to fight this guy and he is deep within his fortess.  Sure enough has an army of shield guys.  Also there is a low rank elite captain with him.  This guy has an army of bezerks too. Like 8 of them and he is following this war chief.Now my guys?  They are there, but they have NOTHING.  No troops.  Just themselves.  WTF?  I try being sneaky and stuff by possesing other guys, but at some point I screw up and get caught and combat starts.  You know what happens next?  All my possed orcs, the guys right below the war chief who are MORE powerful according to the game, than the war chief himself get into melee and DIE.  Where are thier armies?  Then I died (the camera was going crazy, and I could never see where I was going).  Then as timed advaned all but 2 of my possed orcs DIED.In other words start over.I do not think so.  The combat was already very boring and I just wanted to finish the game.  So I am done.  I will not punish myself any further.  After playing Dark Souls 2, I was in the mood for another combat game, but this game isn't anything like that.  I guess if you found Batman combat thrilling, then you would like this game.  Otherwise, stay away."
76561198010795870,Not Recommended,241930,12392189,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ruslan_ufa,stupid game
,Not Recommended,241930,12394857,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,la cucaracha,Poor controls and quite boring
76561198054625779,Not Recommended,241930,12402552,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Ornstein,Don't waste your money.
76561198049989086,Not Recommended,241930,12404808,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Beaker B,I can't say how good the game is because everytime i try to play it crashes within 5 minutes. Forcing me to watch the trailer over and over again. After a 35 GB download that took a full 24 hour this is pretty agrivating. if your going to play this game i recomend have the recommended setting and not the minimum.
,Not Recommended,241930,12414029,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sebastian Michaelis,"Ive played a good Boring 4 hours of it, and its sooo repetetive, NEVER AGAIN"
76561197999771333,Not Recommended,241930,12414246,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,bylandt11,No manual. Tutorial is completely inadequate.
76561198043312718,Not Recommended,241930,12421753,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Adam,don't buy this game through steamReason 1 you can get the game for cheaper elsewhereReason two these cheaper places also include the dark ranger dlc. whereas steam does not and you have to pay £19 extra to get it.
,Not Recommended,241930,12426187,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,↝-☮кiωiii#^↜,"Crazy repetitive after a while yet i cant stop playing it, sort of the same deal as Destiny, game has it flaws like there beeing and endless ammount of Orcs/Uruk-hai (at some areas) just flooding wherever you are and yet still i find myself playing it all the time. The game is also amazingly pretty exept for some textures at the ""hills"" tough i bet the HD dlc fixes that, havent gotten around to try it yet. Buy, buy, buy, buy!no me gusta"
76561198069428946,Not Recommended,241930,12442168,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Quick Draw Mcgraw,"The games combat is the best i've seen in years and the nemesis system is amazing.But with a very short campain and only two areas it just falls short.You will find that the enemy ai is smart and fantasic to fight,but when it comes to allys it falls apart. Your allies wil quickey forgot all those moves they would use on you and fight like a grunt. It could be a level 20 warcheif and he could lose in a easy fight, because he is akaward and clunky and he could lose quickly to five grunts. The campaign is compelling and the story is really rich, but it's so short and you can't really command orks you just tell them to be at a place and they help you if they are around. The skill system falls apart towards the end it's really small. The last two boss fights are very bland and quick to beat. It's honestly feels like they were rushed to end the game. I suggest you buy the game on steam sale and save some money."
,Not Recommended,241930,12448637,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,RWG DeathMetalDan,"very cool game but if you are not a fan of bad controls this isnt the game for you. While the controls are better than assassins creed it still has ""to many quick time events that might work"" syndrome. But that problem is nothing compared to beheading a captain just to have him come back and be stronger."
76561197989864291,Not Recommended,241930,12452020,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Cultic,"Batman series + some lotr tosd in with no decent story 2 follow. Thats what this game is.You start of being kill on the gate, next your in the mids of millions of orcs that all know you w/o even killing anny of em + when you listen to them talk it seems you warpd a few years in the futere. The main caracther gets told hese banishd from death and has a ghost living in him and hese like ""Welp that explains everything, no need 2 ask anny further questions""now for the gameplay.-constantly the same-side missions are coppies of each other-no assasination like in trailers. You can only order them 2 murder each other-Stealth? whats that? undetecable at night, every 1 can see you during day. [seems logical but removes the point of doing annything during the day}-the combat system.....Batman series atleast had a better flow to it.overall yust save your 50euros of buck w/e cuz this game is FAR 2 SHORT and FAR 2 BAD.overhyped piece of crap >.>"
76561198021388186,Not Recommended,241930,14907087,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Cli'ki,"Meh.  Just another over-hyped game that takes advantage of fan-boy marketing.In no particular order, the negative:- Mouse Accel sucks!  I want my PC games to have the option to actually get rid of this, and not require me to turn my mouse speed up to max just to play.- 'Bosses' will escapes/vanish within range on you.  A minor annoyance...orc commanders will retreat, which is fine, but while chasing them, I don't think it's a good mechanic for them to simply disappear...ruins the fun of the chase!- Boring story / unorigonal characters.  Wow...what an unorigonal story with copy/paste characters.- Jump/sprint/climb/dodge bound to same key.  Another common problem with games designed for consoles.  I'd like the ability to run without climbing a nearby wall, please.- Instant failure missions.  There are stealth 'missions' that you will instantly fail if an enemy spots you.  You can skip these if you want, but would mean your dagger wont be fully upgraded...which...does something, right?- Branding/converting orcs is essentially useless.  Haven't really found any benefit to this.  They're easily killed and I haven't found a way to get them to actually help you unless they're already next to you.- Lack of enemy types.  Orcs, wargs, trolls and goblin things.  Yes I know they're given different names, but that's what they essencially are.- Combat often inturrupted by cutscenes.  This gets rather annoying quickly.  Every orc commander will have at-least 2 cutscenes, starting with a threat and ending with either last words of retreat.  Some can have 3 or more followers...giving you up to 8 or more unskippable cutscenes.)- Cannot disable going to menu every time you pickup a relic/collectable (aside from plants).  Hey, a relic!  ~picks up, sent to menu, exit, exit, exit, back to game while listening to boring commentary.~- Tutorials that reset.  Yes, I know how to evade a killing blow.  Thank-you for reminding me for the seventh time!And in no particular order, the positive:- Fun to just run around killing orcs.- Environment looks nice.- Graphics are great.- Combat feels nice (when there's no cutscenes).A recommend waiting until a really good sale before trying this game."
76561197998851711,Not Recommended,241930,13898655,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,MedicineManRx,"WTF i was misslead by most of the revews, this is NOT a stealth game,  its Dynasty Wariorrs with poor stealth elements and an Assissins Creed style combat system.i constantly find myself fighting 20+ enemys at once and by the time i kill half of them the original mob has respawned and joind the fight and during side missions (example ""stealth kill 10 slavers in 3 mins"") i get 8 killed and a captain spawns next to me every time and now im fighting 20+ again while the timer runs out and the mission fails.i was realy looking forward to playing this but i should have known that NO ONE CAN MAKE A GOOD LORD OF THE RINGS GAME its never been done and probly never will.i have played all the assassins creed and splintercell games and loved them, this game tryed to be something its notdont wast your money"
76561197961778348,Not Recommended,241930,33230351,Posted: 4 July,all,Kijuta,"Hardly that much time put into this and i can already tell the mass majority of people giving this game great reviews are completely full of♥♥♥♥♥♥.Biggest issue among about a dozen (and is the only one i care to rant about in this half a$$ed review)is simply the captains showing up from every corner of the map when called upon during a fight. Nearly every fight getting 3-6 captains to show up on average is just ridiculously idiotic. Fail design and a metric ♥♥♥♥ ton of idiots claiming this game is amazing.. What a combo....To sum it up, this game plays like a batman Arkham game made for a mobile device... That's thee closest comparison i can think of.. And it's truly sad how accurate that actually is... I wanted this game to be good but it's too shallow for me to enjoy. But naturally children enjoy it, jee wiz, right!?...Even if this game goes back on sale for 4$, like how much i got it for, it's simply not worth it imo...  Anyone with half a brain can watch the gameplay and know what im talking about.TL:TR? Go grab a coloring book rather than read this, this review has words that might offend people with abnormally low IQ. Please and thanks.-----------------------------------------------------------------------Already a bunch of children i've offended spamming me and giving this review a thumbs down lmao.. Sooo typical...Ok, only thing ANYONE needs to know is to just watch a video of the game play from the start to at least 30 mins in. ANYONE with common sense will see EXACTLY what im talking about. Then again common sense truly isn't common now a days. The fuqwits raving about this game prove that for me, literally.."
,Not Recommended,241930,34716422,Posted: 3 September,all,PerspexAvenger,"It's pretty, I'll grant, but the combat is samey and the plot is dull.It's no Arkham series; you'll just be beating up similar dudes in similar fashions for -ever-."
76561198051960266,Not Recommended,241930,19091680,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,weyrauch,"Boring as hell. I little bit of Assassins Creed, the combat system of Batman Arkham Asylum, and patchworked in the setting of Lord of the rings. The main character is a generic, brooding, undead Ranger with nothing of interest or character development. The story is not interesting at all. You meet Gollum, you meet some Resistance fighter. Killing warchiefs, killing captains. Changing the Ork hierarchy! Yeah! What fun! No effect at all storywise or in the gameplay. At some point you only rush through the map from one main plot point to another, because the sidequests are repetitiv and boring. After 4 hours of playing I de-installed the game. Thanks, but no thanks."
76561198062771155,Recommended,241930,12305092,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Tenacious Goat,"So far, this game is simply beautiful. The graphics are epic, storyline is brilliant, mechanics of the game are awesome, and the nemesis system is also pretty dope. Get it if you like LOTR, Assassin's Creed, Batman etc.9.6/10"
,Recommended,241930,12301726,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,PREDATOR,"Epic combat, You get to ride beasts, You can kill someone and they can come back wounded and with a grudge against you, You can either go in guns blazing or stealth through it all, The options are endless and so is the fun!"
,Recommended,241930,12298209,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Griff,"Early into the game impressionsSetup:- Medium-performance computer build- Logitech gamepad- Single screenI was able to boost my graphics level up higher than the default setting without much effect on performance. The options available is pretty good for a console port and I commend the devs.The game seems rich in ARPG elements, with plenty of collectables scattered around the world, and interesting characters to run into when you least expect it. The world itself is fairly detailed, although the colour pallette is rather dull (thus far). The spawn-rate of enemy mobs, however, is very high. Any area you clear out will become populated again within 1-2 minutes. So far this has not become a frustration, but I imagine it will after some time.The voice acting is pretty good, with no terrible immersion-breaking dialogue putting you off of the cut-scenes.Combat is very similar to Assassins Creed (I feel). It has all the elements of sword-swinging that will follow your guidance to target the direction you move your thumb when your last swing is complete. The counter mechanic is also very similar to AC in that the reaction to the quick-time indicator will stop your current action immediately to counter the attacking enemy. The dodge-mechanics when facing ranged enemies, and the stealth-killing is also very similar to AC (complete with hide-in-bush assassinations). This makes mob-fighting very satisfying, but may become too easy in mid-to-late game.Where the game really shines is the nemesis system. I find myself emotionally engaged when I die to an orc, and to see that specific orc move up the ranks and become more powerful. This grunt that killed you is now taunting you and growing more powerful. You build personal vendettas against particular enemies and that is something I have not really fealt since Final Fantasy 7.Overall, I give the game an 8/10. The game is entertaining and shows some innovation, while borrowing good mechanics from other successful games...but also suffers from repetition and mob-grinding like that of AC1I really hope for expansion packs that will add to the content and allow us to explore more of Middle Earth, with a variety of protagonists."
76561198087480764,Not Recommended,241930,32421692,Posted: 14 June,all,BigAl=Bae,"The game is fun for the first few hours untill you realize it's all the same. The orks are neither memorable nor interesting. The variations are not even skin deep, as you will see the same generic designs over and over again. Most of the stronghold missions boiled down to sprinting away to the nearest tower and waiting for all the other non essential orks to run away, so the champion was left alone with his convoy. The game worrld is totally lifeless and uninteresting, as there really is notthing to do outside the main story. be prepared for tedium and overused voice lines. Overall its incredibly repetitive and boring 10/10 ign"
76561198118851053,Not Recommended,241930,19345449,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Cuck Lord Alex,"After witnessing all the noise around that game I decided to purchase it on sale and see it myself.The beginning of the story was impressive and dramatic, tutorial was alright and so were the first couple hours of orc slaying. But while I have progressed into the game I was wondering is there anything other to that game than orc slaughtering? Nope. The entire game is little more than a hack'n'slash rpg.And it actually wouldn't be half as bad if there was a certain diversity in the ways of killing orcs. Considering the whole game is about killing stuff from fancy angles I would expect no less ways to kill than in Dishonored, but unfortunately I didn't see that either.In particular there are 3 ways to kill enemies: with sword, with dagger and with bow. With sword its risky and time-consuming and can get you swarmed faster than you are able to deal with enemies. Dagger is fast but can be used only in stealth mode and bow is straight up a free win option.Most missions (which are pretty repetitive and boring by the way) you will have to sneak around killing orcs with dagger because bow shots are limited in a way so the game largely depends on its stealth element. And that stealth element is pretty poor and undeveloped, you can assassinate a target even several seconds after they saw you and prepared to attack you. Some other missions you can resolve just with a couple of bow shots which so conveniently instakill even certain ""boss"" enemies.But even if you manage to fail your assassination attempt and find yourself overwhelmed by enemies you can just take out your trusty bow and clean up the area since fortunately while you are aiming the time slows down by about 99% and you can easily land instakilling headshots.The RPG element in the game is also extremely disappointing, the story which starts so well is progressed by the main mission and by optional collectibles and frankly its pretty damn cliche, especially to people familiar to the LotR universe. You can collect the loot and level up your character gaining ability points to learn abilities which can be unlocked by doing side-quests (which are also boring and repetitive just like the main quest line).To sum it up the game deserves a solid 6.5/10. It's ok to buy it on one of the sales on which apparently it goes pretty often. However I don't get how such a game gets a major spotlight while many better games such as Styx: the master of shadows, Darksiders and Dishonored don't get all the recognition they deserve."
,Recommended,241930,12299025,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,HazardAJS,This game is by far one of the best of its kind. It takes everything you would love about RPG and Open world Action and packs it into one Great game..
76561198052938456,Not Recommended,241930,35241578,Posted: 27 September,all,tchassin,"A game with intersting ideas crippled by a boring story, a repetitive gameplay and a lack of diversity in its enemy design."
76561197999021953,Not Recommended,241930,18078112,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Un Poisson Rouge,"I had trouble deciding if I should recommend it or not. I decided personally I would not, but that does not mean it is a terrible game.The graphics and combat are good, but the game lacks variety and I found myself getting tired of the repitition very quickly. It is like an empty shell of a game, with amazing mechanics but little variation to keep it interesting."
,Not Recommended,241930,35359807,Posted: 30 September,all,DimeTree,Nice for if you want to just listen to a podcast and space out while you mash the x button and climb towers. Very empty and lackluster if you're looking for an actual game.
,Not Recommended,241930,15466212,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,discombobulated1,got it because it looked alot like batman great games. but this is nothing like it game feels flat and bored me within 40 mins
,Recommended,241930,23902088,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,npc,10/10Thats what i'm Tolkien bout.
,Recommended,241930,13541929,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kaze,amazing game with endless fun with the nemisis system.
76561198019901249,Not Recommended,241930,25848954,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Thaeus,"For people who are really into batman games and assasins creed games, this is for you.  SO my non-recommendation isn't totally correct.  These types of games are not my thing.I play and start to get the hang of it, go to work all week and come back and forget all the 50 bazillion things I'm supposed to do at the right moment during combat.  I find it immersion breaking, and annoying the combat style.  It's good enough where at some point I'm going to give it a good full 3 day weekend to figure out, but it will never be one of my favorites.  Ymwv."
76561198067479680,Recommended,241930,13259392,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,gunshot25,"Not only does this game have an amazing story, interesting characters, challenging events, and a free roam aspect that makes anything seem possible, it also has an immense amount of replay ability. The trailers and screenshots do not lie about this game. The world is huge and has many places to explore and having captains and monsters roaming around the map makes exploring a bit more exciting. Along with side missions, there are artifacts and other cool things you have to find around the world. This game is a solid 9/10 in my opinion!"
,Not Recommended,241930,26367208,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Haryo25,"After I played this game, I think this game has some connection to LoTR. I think the GoTY version is beautiful; it has 2 story-DLC that are quite long so it is enjoyable. Unfortunately, the story is linear, no NPC you can interact with, and the Sauron's Army mechanism seems pointless at some point. Also, this game is laggy when I play it in 4K using my GTX 1060. Don't know if either the game's port is bad or this game is heavy, but for an old game, it feels surprisingly annoying. Anyway, if you want to buy this game, I recommend to buy it when it's on Sale. But, it's your choice."
,Recommended,241930,12310924,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Drip,"Loving this game after only playinh for 7 hours.It does have some moments in combat were you think ""What the ♥♥♥♥ happened?"" but other than that this game is what a RPG should be all about."
76561198030168405,Recommended,241930,24399586,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Dead1yShred,"Lots of fun, the concept of it is really cool with the captain and warchiefs. I look forward to playing the next one."
76561197971399653,Not Recommended,241930,21894956,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Devastational,"sigh i hate this game so much, i wish i could just delete it from my steam list or get a refund."
76561198010557934,Recommended,241930,12853731,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,chosenxeno,This game ♥♥♥♥ing delivers. I would actually do something I have only done once. I would buy DLC. I've only ever done that with Metro Last Light. I hope they keep this going. It has franchise potential.
,Recommended,241930,33276489,Posted: 5 July,all,Devilx,Sick game!
76561198065425635,Not Recommended,241930,24473101,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,{Δ} Mad_Dentist,Ending sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥0/10 would press E again to beat game.
,Not Recommended,241930,25026738,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,NakiLucky,can i just get refund.. the game is too cliche its like AC + a lot of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198149913295,Recommended,241930,13582483,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LuckyOtter,I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE SLASHING ORCS' HEADS OFF.
,Recommended,241930,32916905,Posted: 28 June,all,trickyputty Hellcase.com,only did this for the stickers
,Not Recommended,241930,33764627,Posted: 24 July,all,123,"Not a good game . why? constanly lagging and eventually crashes uruks are way too easy to kill , no challenge  at all , and the whole♥♥♥♥♥♥is not worthy for its price. I mean dude just get another game !"
76561197965447908,Not Recommended,241930,33113763,Posted: 1 July,all,rlg007,"As others have said graphics, acting and story is fine, but this is just a console game adapted to PC. It doesnt have the depth or play options of a made for PC game. Hack and slash, button mash. Beginner hints come up saying things like ""Hold space to run toward enemy, hold left control, and when you get near repeatedly tap the left mouse button for a combo attack."" Really, in 2017 we are still just pressing buttons for combos..."
,Not Recommended,241930,33398471,Posted: 9 July,all,AntsInMyEyesJohnson,the combat is just spamming left and right mouse
76561198105432565,Recommended,241930,12309082,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Pordigy86,Shut up and take out ur money !!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,241930,28211252,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kamarad Baff,"You're just a random gus on a redondant mordor fighting orks again & again. It's like hell, but without the sweet comfort of the flames."
,Recommended,241930,23857498,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Alakutubak,--- please read from left to right -->very good. Sauron is very bright like a lamp. obvious will cast shadow.<-- Please read from right to left ---لعبة جيدة جدا
,Not Recommended,241930,29202968,Posted: 12 January,all,Ahmadis4,"I don't recommend this game, while it is fun and all at first it becomes repititive later on .. and the boss fights are really anti-climatic and disappointing the game story is also really short and left on a cliffhanger .. not recommended"
,Not Recommended,241930,25939895,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Alabummer,"The game is enjoyable for a few hours, but after awhile it starts to lose its novelty. Repetitive movesets, and gameplay."
,Not Recommended,241930,33538508,Posted: 14 July,all,Carla Shaw,"OK I just finished the game. Let's get this over with.Story:To sum it up, Mordor is a closeted homosexual living inside a wall with his wife and son. After the wall gets attacked by zombies, he must fight hordes of black people and defeat Satan with the help of his ghost boyfriend.OK the story SUCKS. The characters are bland and cliche, the main antagonists are pretty much edgy satanist eighth graders and there is some weird naked man who is FORCED into the story because he appeared in that movie and he is famous and♥♥♥♥♥♥ After a while, I just didn't care and skipped the cutscenes - except the ones with the dwarf guy, who is pretty much the only ''good'' character.BUTThe black men are great, and I wish they gave the captains more relevance. There was this guy named Forza Horizon who kept killing me and taunting me and came back after I ''killed'' him. THAT was great. That guy was a better villain to me than any of the living fedoras I killed with a few quicktime events. The captains actually had a lot of personality, and I would have been happier if I was up against Forza Horizon in the story a bit more. I hated his guts, but I supported him with his affairs with other captains. It was amazing and actually felt like an adventure.Gameplay-Stealth: Well, the AI is horridly idiotic. They won't see you even if you are in front of them, and if they see you you can just run at them and kill them before they call their buddies. Also, the game doesn't even let you be stealthy at times, and doesn't have that much freedom.Gameplay-Combat: The game features the standard combat of Batman and Assassins Creed games. In my opinion this♥♥♥♥♥♥has to end, I hate this system. A lot of the times, I felt like I was waiting for the fight to just end already. I used the classic Video Game Explosive Barrels™ a lot, because I simply didn't want to fight them for hours, spamming clicks and sometimes right clicks. The enemies commit ♥♥♥♥ing cellular mitosis, and they just don't stop coming. Don't even get me started on ''boss fights'', which were just glorified quick time events.World: The world of MESOM simply feels plastic. It is just the same sidequests copied and pasted. The world around you is dead and mostly consists of ruins and empty lands. There are enemies scattered around everywhere, and they aren't even doing interesting stuff. A lot of the time they are awkwardly standing around.It isn't the worst game, but it is far from great. You might enjoy this if you are a big fan of Middle Earth. Other than that,there are way better options around. I give this a 5/10. It's OK..."
76561197974138574,Recommended,241930,15523077,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,bibbis,"Wow, I am so impressed by this game!I've know of it since announced, but never cared much since the majority of all LOTR games are very mediocre at best.But this game is absolutely fantastic! I'm really glad I got it.As for the ""Lord of the Rings""-factor, I was expecting a gimmicky game that would only throw in words like Sauron and Mordor here and there just so they could pretend like this could be a LOTR game, but I'm really impressed!It definitely feels like you are running around in Mordor, fighting Saurons Elite forces!"
,Recommended,241930,33377469,Posted: 8 July,all,ΞNeonTronHDΞ,"Much WoW, Very gOOd."
,Recommended,241930,34477210,Posted: 25 August,all,HIDAS,Amazing 10/10
76561197999474699,Not Recommended,241930,24440171,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,poisonnuke,"Seriously, this crap is an AAA title?The map/enviroment is extremly small. It takes you only a minute to run from one end to the other.The orc respawning is ridiculous, you kill a archer, turn around and get shot in the back from another archer in the same spot.But the outermost baddest thing are the controls. 3 or 4 functions on the same key with nealy no distinction between diffrent states.And running off cliffs/obstacles/walls is the real big major pain in the a..your avatar is stopping almost every second because he thinks he cant walk further. This buggy behaviour costs you a lot of lifes and health and nerves mid-fight. Because you want to run away, but cant do so because he simply needs millions of key-presses until he realizes you really want to jump of the ledge.The hit-streak counter is buggy as well, it is nearly impossible to reach a x100 counter, and it is not because I am not able to fight but the avatar aint doing what Im telling. For example, two opponents try to attack me, the block symbol appears over their head, Im pressing the correct buttons in the right time, but my avatar stands still and does nothing. Or the other way around, they try to attack me, I block but they aborted their attack mid-fight so my block goes into nothing and the hit-counter resets. And sometimes they attack instantly from standstill in a tenth of a second even with the block symbol only visible for a millisecond. And when I see they want to attack and press the block button a little earlier then the block symbol appears, the counter will reset as well.So in short, the game mechanics arent developed and tested well and have lot of room for improvement.is there really no fully developed game in the world without bugs and control issues and whatever."
76561198071837625,Recommended,241930,24053767,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Darkendmagic,10/10
,Not Recommended,241930,18719528,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,dogatemycomputer,"I only bought the game to play the story.   Unfortunantly the game goes from relatively easy in the first scene to incredibly difficult in the second.   Most of the captains in the second scene are so difficult to kill that it goes from ""fun"" to ""stressful"" (dying 4-5 times until you finally beat one.. and you have 20 left to go).  I finally just gave up and uninstalled the game.  I do understand there are some people who just need to play through the same cutscene 40 times to feel ""challenged"".   I don't play to feel challenged.  I play to have fun."
,Recommended,241930,24014988,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,mangtibo2,Flawless combat mechanics! Reminds me of the time boromir fought like 30 uruk-hais and took like 5 arrows.10/10!
,Not Recommended,241930,24699210,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Indraroop,Dont buy unless you have a controller.The game has lots of potential but is an unabashedly console port.
,Not Recommended,241930,13681197,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Elsper,"I want to like this game, I really do. I love the LoTR lore and I was really looking forward too this game. However, this game is just too demanding of my computer. Now mind you, I have an average gaming computer of 2 years, and can bearly run the lowest settings. I do like the combat, except for when the camera decides to focus on you so you have no idea what's coming or who to block.TLDR:- Camera screws up combat- Too computer dependant"
,Not Recommended,241930,13696895,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Q_Q,this game DOES NOT WORK IT SAID DIRECT 11
,Recommended,241930,32995176,Posted: 29 June,all,†† Varyn Khatar ††,No more talk.. we bring WAAAAAARR!!ohh wrong game .. my bad
76561198049899437,Not Recommended,241930,33317451,Posted: 6 July,all,1776,♥♥♥♥♥game.Down vote if you agree.
,Not Recommended,241930,18754817,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,not ellen page,A lot of people enjoyed this game. I'm still mad I bought it before Steam refunds.
76561197984035138,Not Recommended,241930,18922006,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Quantum Detective,"I really enjoyed it at first. Nice graphics, satisfying kills, .... and... well that's it.Story:2/10Graphics:9/10Controls:8/10Atmosphere:4/10Animations:7/10There isn't really much to doSame quests,Same kills,same dialoguesame movessame enemiesuninteresting story kills motivation to do anything. You are just some orc's ♥♥♥♥♥.You can unlock stuff by grinding side quests, but they are not really attractive or fun.If you buy it, do the main mission. This game gets boring very quickly.Buy it for 5 bucks and play it one weekend. Not really worth paying/playing more.Played for 8 hours:1- 5 fun5-6 ok its starting to get repetitive6-8 ah screw this"
,Not Recommended,241930,18864437,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Marquis de Fag,interactive quicktime demo
,Recommended,241930,12301389,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Sir. Byzantium,I have not been so impressed by a game in SO long.... well done Monolith Well done... 10/10 from me for sure.
76561198033569495,Recommended,241930,12303576,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Mr. Sir,Love LOTR and think this is a great game to add to the name! Have had no problems with the game running and love the feel of it!
76561198042285756,Recommended,241930,12307376,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Magraga,"As a Lord of the Rings nut, I was kind of hesitant about how the game was going to use the characters presented in the game. But, after playing it, I can safely say that Shadow of Mordor combines the lore I love with fun gameplay. THe combat and climbing is very similiar to Assassins Creed, but is much more intensive and varied. The graphics are great, and the voice acting is some of the best I have ever seen. The game is great to play, and I hope the DLC follows suit."
,Recommended,241930,12302744,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,★ www.Giffindex.com ★,"Good GameGood combat system same as BatmanGame run very smooth.My old 4 years PC spec.i3 2.8ghz , 8GB Ram , GTS450Default setting with resolution 1920x1080FPS 50+I will buy this game again on my brother Steam account , and play it on Hi-end PC for best exp."
,Recommended,241930,12299535,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,amarble,"First impressions:HOLY ****.What an awesome game. So worth the purchase even if it lacks online! It's just so fluid and the voice acting is awesome.Time to go to bed, almost 6 hour gaming session in one go is crazy...:P"
,Recommended,241930,12302517,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Maximo649,Awesome game combat like batman but works great with good response. Happy i havent even done the first mission just running around killin orcs is endless fun
76561198119722607,Recommended,241930,12304247,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Alchemist Gaming,♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,241930,12306051,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ProfD,Good Game.-Combat system feels good.-It is a good pc port and runs fine on high textures @ 2550x1600 on a 780Ti.-The story and characters feels done very well and feels like it fits in with the movies.  Which is no easy feat with the production quality of the films.
76561198052376321,Recommended,241930,12306716,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Bepo,"the main menu is just a d00d staring at you, 10/5 would play again. he periodically turns into a demon too"
76561198038368436,Recommended,241930,12301983,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Bishop,"I know I have only played it for a little more than an hour at the time of writing this, But this game is one of the best I have played in a long time! I combat system is wonderful the graphics are amazing (yes graphics matter. It's like saying looks don't matter) the rival system I LOVE IT!!! I would reccomend this game to anyone who has been looking for a good game to play. ( Get it on♥♥♥♥♥com and save yourself some money)"
,Recommended,241930,12306625,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Samia,"I met an Uruk who I had dealt with before, he was scarred up and limping but tougher then the last time we met.The look of suprise on his face as his decapitated head flew through the air, confirmed the idiocy of coming back for another round with this Ranger.One off the list, who's next?"
76561198068245597,Recommended,241930,12302240,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Pixie Mixie,This game is unbelievable! the graphics  are amazing and the gameplay is intuative and smooth. Such smart and interesting game mechanics with the enemies growing in power and rising in ranks when they kill you. Makes it so so much more personal you wanna hunt them down and make them suffer lol
,Recommended,241930,12306021,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Blendingur,Just took on 50+ orcs without a scratch.10/10
,Recommended,241930,12305122,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Angbadang,This game makes heads roll.
,Recommended,241930,12305526,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Parco,"Like assassins creed? then this is the game for you! climb everywhere, do leeps of faith (no hay stacks needed to susrvive) and huge towers used as checkpoints. This game features 2 special moves available from the start:first we have the godmode move, press right mouse button to fend of any attackers at any time, spend an early skillpoint and this move also stuns the attacker for a little moment.then we have the aoe knockback move done by pressing left mouse button, it pushes back enemies and deals low dmg, be warned as enemies that are tripped are untargetable by this attack and if you want to continue dealing damage then you either need to press f (finnisher skill thats unlocked from the skill tree) or left alt+ left mouse button for a slower finnishing move, this move make you vulnerable for a few seconds but no worries because you can still execute your beloved godmode move in lightning speed at any moments during the animation to avoid dmg.also this game features in-combat split seconds slow motion that completly ruins the immersion and makes you believe you are on some sort of drugs, its utra fun.want to design your own miniboss? no problem, just let one of the standard enemy kill you and they will rank up. once they have becomed one of the few leaders they will start fighting eachother and keep ranking up, you can give him a boost to make him the top dog by continuing dying to him.think the map is big? its really not. you can run across it in no time. kinda a waste to have fast travel if you ask me.nontheless the game has been fun so far, not very challenging (Dark Souls and Sui Generis addict) but i havent really gotten far either so cant say much there, will give another review if my view changes.the only thing i really do dislike is the mini slow motion moments during combat, which i could turn it off."
76561198009085167,Recommended,241930,12306056,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Joshua |UKCS|,"This game is absolutely amazing, if you're a fan of the Lord of the Rings lore, as well as the Batman Arkham line of games, this is a match made in heaven with only improvements being made.The voice acting, gameplay, and story (so far) has been absolutely top notch and well worth the money paid.I am definitely going to be keeping my eye on monlolith games for future releases, as this game is most definitely a contender for game of the year."
,Not Recommended,241930,15540811,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Enviern,"A bit repetitive, Nemesis system not all it's cracked up to be imho. Combat is fluid enough, it's got a couple of neat specials thrown in there to mix it up a little from just counter and attack. The world is dark, dangerous and baddies respawn so fast you generally have to fight or run your way just about anywhere. All that aside, to me Shadow of Mordor is a reskinned, slightly polished and with some expanded upon combat to it.. It's Assassins Creed guys. You climb up towers, you do main and side quests, you find artifacts and you can turn them around and have a look, you locate markings on walls and they in total they make up some kind of image. There's so much AC in this, even the minimap gave me a ""oh hello Ubisoft"" feeling the first second I saw it. The tried and tested Ubisoft formula of climbing up structures and a few other easily identifiable features previously seen in both AC and Lara Croft are present in this. Is it a bad game because of it? No. It's pretty good, if you like repetitive and you like the Nemesis system. I don't."
76561198029025350,Not Recommended,241930,15991415,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Niz,Sucked balls
,Not Recommended,241930,18231143,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Toothlessmanjo,"Fun at first... but after a while it is as repetitive as the first Assassins Creed mixed in with batman arkham city fight mechanics (way to recycle Warner Bros!)... not particularly replayable, or all the way through playable. kind of a let down in my opinion, i was hoping for more customization and stylistic choices, but its pretty streamlined and simple."
,Not Recommended,241930,18898373,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,abombpoker,"An extremely superficial game. You are thrown into the game and all you do is run around and mash buttons. No thought involved, no real strategy or tactics. There's no real puzzles or mazes to adventure through, and from other reviews. There's no real skill trees, other than adding some ability that makes your standard arsenal more powerful, and by other reviewers, this means you get to a point where your so OP there's no point in playing.The game is very intense, the combat brutal and violent. I do like it, but the problem is it's just a continous extreme of intensity, something that I know I would get desensitized too quickly. A good game will be a like an epic poem, with ups and downs,. The story of a slave to a god, with plenty of gaps, lulls and respites inbetween.This game you go from battling 20 orcs to another 20 orcs to another 20 orcs all within minutes of each other.. forever..If you at all like your games intellectual, stay away.If you just want 5-10 minutes of ultra violence here and there, mabye this game is for you, but as an adult I must be extremely selective in my gaming, and this isn't the experience I'm looking for.I know they tried to add depth to this game in the nemesis system, but something went wrong in the design and or implementation of it.Ideas to improve upon a sequel:More tactical combat, ala street fighter and more 1 on 1s or 1 v 2s.Conversely,. less 1 vs 20-30 people every other battle where you just use the same moves over and over.It overwhelms combat and makes it thin and souless.Different types of challenges that aren't combat or gatherer related. Like navigating platforms and sneaking through dungeons.A real skill tree which leads to different end game characters.More modifiers like poison, fire, ice and different armours you must get to face these opponents.Artistic environment missions with a special boss or challenge to face at the end of it. This way the player can enjoy the beautiful world but still feel like they are accomplishing something... Like get to the top of a mountain and take a picture of some monolith. This picture will give you a bonus vs all enemies in the monolith, something like that.."
76561198011522101,Recommended,241930,32641635,Posted: 22 June,all,LIMEwaffle,10/10 better than any assassins creed game ive ever playedthis is the game
,Recommended,241930,12370677,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Pain,"Fun game; Critics are really hard on it, but its a really fun game. The best description of the gameplay is that it is exactly like an blend of Assasin's Creed and Arkham City. Though, your abilities are far more potent and amusing to use. There are some main missions that unlock or tutorial some of the important aspects of the game, so its best to play some of them first, to get a feel for the game. But the free roam feel of the game is sublime, and you literally can take the game at any pace you want. If you like 3rd person brawlery games like Arkham. You WILL like this game for the gameplay. If you like LotR, you WILL like this game, it stays with the lore of the books and even is based of them, so if you are reader of Tolkien's works, you will get some of the references and characters that appear ingame."
76561198081371819,Not Recommended,241930,23356545,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"This is basically a batman game clone, or at least feels that way. I got really bored with this game really fast, especially when I realized that killing orc leaders seamed to serve no purpose since new ones would just appear.also you could just sit in the middle of battles and lay waste too an army if you were patient enough with your counter attacks.I'm sure a lot of people like this game, I just wasnt to into it."
,Recommended,241930,35318204,Posted: 29 September,all,Lil Retard,Like minecraft with guns
76561198004585919,Not Recommended,241930,33082737,Posted: 1 July,all,sircrimsonfox,"There are parts of this game I like. More that I don't. Really like it as an open world exploration game and especially as a parkour game. You run and flow seemlessly off objects, mountainsides, walls, etc with ease. But most of this game is running from area to area fighting big clumps of orcs. I somewhat suspect this entire game was conceived by watching the FotR movie where Aragorn clops the head off the orc. Because once you can start executing orcs in battle, you chop off a LOT of heads and stick yourt sword through lots of faces. There is a lot of batmanish fighting in this. All those huge clumps of orcs. And after a little while that gets pretty stale. I watched a movie of someone just leaping over all of them constantly by buttonmashing the spacebar and never getting hit. It was an indicator that you don't really have the control you thought in fights. I thought I was choosing my direction, etc. I actually kept getting surrounded a lot and dying but that was just because I didn't know all the controls. THing about that it seems to throw all the keys at you at once quickly in instruction and say go to it instead of letting you learn slowly and building on that. Cause it soon becomes left click button mashing with some right click thrown in. mastering that there is a bunch of cut scenes as well. All this...isn't really that fun. The cool parts of the game are that you can interrogate them and even take over their minds in the DLC (or with much later powers). Even remote domination. Until then it's kinda having to sit through a LOT of cutscenes of orcs telling you how they are going to eat you (and you can't skip past these either). It is fun when other beasts atack the orcs or they fight amongst themselves. There is a mode where you learn info about the orc captains and how they grow in power and challenge each other if they defeat you. Great concept actually . Makes you think there is a living world in there somewhere...and indeed it is a batmanlike sandbox where you come upon lots of random things to fight. But it boils down to one of those fighting games with lots of combos with cutscenes and slowmotion movies burned in. Prepare for buttonmashing. Oh yeah...story is not very good, it's mostly learning where all the orc captains are and going there to hear them talk about their diet of Roast You on a stick."
76561198046146638,Recommended,241930,12306507,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Cirex,"While the years of 2013 and 2014 have been bad games for games in my point of view, this game saves 2014!While playing it reminds you quite heavily on the Assassin's Creed series and that's true. HOWEVER it manages to make the stealthkills look as badass as the open melee kills as well!But you are not limited to backstabbing, death-from-above-style or melee. There are just too many ways to kill your target! (Or the pooor dudes that happen to stand next to him)The system of the different (Dunno the right translation they want so I say) ""commanders"" make it feel alive as they constantly change and remember you if they killed you, escaped or whatever happened there.I personaly thought it's going to end at about 6-7 hours as I almost did everything possible and I was asking myself if I just bought another game with gametime of 6 hours... Yeah, they kinda got me there as there appear to be several zones. So don't get trolled by this! It's getting longer! (I know... That's what she said.)In the end you can say this game is combining quite a lot of parts from other games. Sure, say that if you want. But I say that this turned this game to be a game you'll learn to love in the first couple of minutes seeing those awesome animations! And don't be afraid of not being familiar with the Lord of the Rings series, it perhaps requires SOME knowledge but I could pretty much figure some facts out myself.I'd give this game a 10 out of 10 with a badass seal of approval, right here!Gee, finally a game that's worth 50€ instead those games claiming to be the best for 60€ while they suck harder than Pong..."
76561198035538805,Not Recommended,241930,13759040,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,dgogobs,"Too easy and too shortThis game generate very shot time of fun, a nice campign but that's it, no added value or reason to open it after finishing it"
76561198131114325,Not Recommended,241930,13769592,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Seanbob23,"terrible gamepad format, absolutely doesnt respond half the time and extremely frustrating . A waste of 30 bucks because it says gamepad capable but its the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gamepad ive ever experienced.  Im lucky to take out one because most of the fighting sequence is ♥♥♥♥ed. Any suggestions?"
76561198042049688,Not Recommended,241930,13770031,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,I HAVE THE HIGH GROUND ANAKIN,Spend like i dunno 12 hours getting to this guy that killed my family and all i have to do is do 3 button smashes and hes dead 10/10
,Recommended,241930,30576062,Posted: 17 March,all,Dr. Autism Spectrum,it is good gameubisoft doesnt make good games
76561198130341478,Recommended,241930,30571181,Posted: 17 March,all,dragonkiller203,One of my new favorite games
76561198011562087,Recommended,241930,30578079,Posted: 17 March,all,Martijn,"Great game.If you like Lord of the Rings, you will most probably like this game as well."
,Recommended,241930,12492296,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,nerform,I hope they make mmo out of this (like WoW).
76561198068876824,Recommended,241930,15708110,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,no1schmo,"This game is not a bad game by any stretch, but it is largely a one-trick pony. It's a very good trick, but still, it has exactly one draw, and that's the combat system. Fast, dynamic, fluid, and enjoyable, it is fantastic to play. The leveling system fits into it well, gradually giving you more abilities but without fundamentally altering combat. Combine that with the ""nemesis"" system, basically randomly-generated enemy leaders to hunt down, each with a set of strengths and weaknesses, and it's alot of fun. It's also fun, if kind of easy, to play stealth in this game, which is seamlessly integreated with combat. And in all the time I played it, I never had a single hitch or bug anywhere. So it really is programmed excellently.The down side is that everything else is kind of boring. The story, compared to the established lore of Tolkien's works, is just wrong. It's not BAD, but for a tale that requires an understanding of The Lord of the Rings to fully enjoy, it constantly  fails to line up with it. There are not many, if any, direct contradictions, but it's so off, so seemingly contradictory, that it never fits. If you try to take the story out of this broader context, however, and forget all that lore, it ceases to make ANY sense, because it expects you to know this stuff. The game lacks any real emotional impact, relying on a rather dark, sad opening to get you invested for the rest of the game. What smidgeon of interaction there is between anyone following that is so fleeting that you don't really care. Gollum is there, an exact replica of himself from the movies, but he feels shoe-horned in and barely makes sense, and instead of feeling torn between anger and pity at him, like in the original tale, we're just kind of confused what he's babbling about. Then he disappears for 15 hours. Then he shows up again for a second. Then he's gone. What?The graphics are very nice, I feel, and the music is pretty good and unintrusive. The voice acting is well-done. The sounds are fine.Basically, this is one of those games where you can very clearly tell what the baby project was of the devs, and that was the fightin'. That's all they cared much about. The world and story show a surprising amount of research with the lore, like how to pronounce all the Elvish and references to so many things, but the logic and appearance and behavior of, well, everything, just makes no sense and doesn't fit in well at all with anything else. Even our antagonists are just invented, poorly explained, and frankly silly. I guess it's a good thing we hardly ever see them and focus solely on fighting orc goons. Trolls? No, none of them, but plenty of wholly new creatures never before seen or heard. It's written like a poorly-edited fan-fiction; clearly a lot of geek love, but not much writing acumen. And as a big Tolkien fan, I found it endlessly distracting from the fun.So, buy it for a few dozen hours of fun combat, and maybe to just enjoy the look and feel of the LOTR movies some. Don't buy it expecting a brilliant tale set in Middle-Earth, or really anything interesting that doesn't immediately involve killing Orcs."
76561197970492346,Not Recommended,241930,25042191,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,-=WB=-CheapTrix,"This game is more repetitive than Assassin's Creed 1. I regret putting 30 hrs into it, and cannot recommend it for any price above 10$ at most (which is what I paid). The main story line is easier than 95% of the randomized bosses, and the difficulty scale is a complete joke. The conclusion of the story left me feeling ripped off and brought a whole new level of dissappointment. I will not be purchasing any future WB game because of the sheer disappointment with this game and the Batman series. Seriously, screw you WB Games and your repetitive garbage games. You should pay me to play this abomination, not the other way around."
76561198036649021,Not Recommended,241930,25592673,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Kinmuan,"Console port to PC, and it *feels* like one.  THe controls and FOV make parts of the game frustrating."
,Recommended,241930,18742223,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,lempsukiisu,top kek
,Recommended,241930,29496672,Posted: 25 January,all,ᵗ ᶦ ᶰ ʸ,"Love this game, ive enjoyed it more than witcher 3"
,Recommended,241930,24715011,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,QuickSh0t™,Very very good game rate 10/10 would play again
76561198128618034,Recommended,241930,24869168,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Eazy,Best game in the world
,Recommended,241930,12463158,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Slasler,A entertaining singleplayer game that will give you around 10 hours of enjoyment. A game not focused on skill but rather playing through a story will slaughtering a huge amount of orcs. 8/10
,Not Recommended,241930,18823646,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,FoxGlove,Assassins Creed: Shadow of MordorPros:Intellgent AICons:Wait for it to be on sale for it be worth it.
,Not Recommended,241930,25178075,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,anywher,It's the same 'go to this marker' open world action game you have played a 100 times before. Except this time it's in Mordor!!!  Boring and over-hyped.
76561198106575757,Not Recommended,241930,29824510,Posted: 10 February,all,smrtnik,Nothing special. They invested so much money to get a hack n slash game...I just imagine what creative people with that budget coud realise....
76561197993749342,Not Recommended,241930,18478825,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,cocatriz,"Warner couldn't find a way to it to run dual Chipset for notebooks. I would return it but took me too long to try it.They say I don't have the minimun required to run it...My Rig: GTX 780M, i7-4700 2.4ghz, 16gb ram.But game always try to run on my Intel 4100HD.I've opened a ticket on Warner, the answer was 2.4ghz is bellow the minimum... ( on a I5...) shame on you Warner."
76561198023454566,Not Recommended,241930,26454159,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DrGoo,"Repetative nonsense.  People are saying this is a good example of ""Arkham Batman"" style of combat.  It's just x-x-x-x-y-x-x-x-a-x-x-y-x-x-yb-x-x-x....... Etcetera.  I don't see what the fuss is about.Sadly the repetativeness didn't kick in until after the refund period had expired.  At least I was able to get it on sale."
,Recommended,241930,12442537,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,c³,"This is a very pretty game, it has a Assassin's Creed fighting style. It is a bit more complicated and difficult, but all together is a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,241930,13564786,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Knegoff,Kunde på många sätt identifiera mig med orken Ratbag och kunde därför känna empati med alla orker som jag slet i stycken så jag blev rätt deprimerad efter det här spelet
,Recommended,241930,13691490,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Big Pep,awsome maybe the best middle earth game in history!!! tho the orcs can handle so much damage almoast so much its redicilus!
76561198034383801,Recommended,241930,12306223,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,jegault,Didn't play much but really looking towards what this game will bring us. I needed a good game like this until TW3 and jut thought of buying this jsut for the fun of it but the combat and the graphics make it so much worthy! A lot of people say it's assassins creed with batman combat style indeed but its still a unique game i would really give it a try !!
76561197974727965,Recommended,241930,12306203,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Agnarokh,"Almost 35GB of a game and it is a victory in a lot of ways.I never thought I was going to play a Middle-Earth chronicle game with excitement. I have tried before, but it was neither giving me the concept of a ""world"", nor was it making me feel like I was improving in this world.But this game... Well this game has everything inside. Somethings from Assassin's Creed Series, Prototype 2, FarCry3 and more...It is perfectly playable in PC and the system requirements are well balanced. It doesn't require a behemoth of a PC, but if you have, it gives you a very smoothly playable game..The game's storyline doesn't allow you to die, but be killed and get into the world, once again. The clever interaction between the characters of the movie, an ocean of things to do, perfect voiceovers, perfectly scattered cinematics, the concept of darkness AND the concept of the power of light, the bliss of not trying to find better weapons, potions, amulets etc. to win, but to get better and better at using your 3 main weapons and making them get more powerful makes the game addictive from the first try.The details of the characters are extraordinary, the clever humor in the game and a vast amount of the knowledge of a fantasy world, makes you want to play it over and over..The Main Story, just sits somewhere, waiting you to continue, if you like, but if you want to get better and better, well, there is a huge world for you to explore.I can say that this game can be one of the top 5 best games of the year, which you will want to play over and over...The downsides of the game, I believe, can be cleansed with some patches (of which I think one is already used).Most highly recommended..."
76561198096477870,Recommended,241930,12308559,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Eldar,"Words fail me to describe how much enjoyment this game has given me in the mere 24 hours that I have been playing it. Combat is fluid and fun, executions look badass, and while with a perhaps lacking story in comparison to the rest of the game, the nemesis system alone provides the game with infinite re-playability ∞/10. Would recommend."
,Recommended,241930,12308493,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Grandma Geedorah,"Basically what new Assassin's Creed games are trying to be.An awesome stealth game with a well-written narrative, fluid combat and the nemesis system - which is at least as good as hyped! The open world is awesome and the side quests are meaningful, this is simply the best action game I've ever played! It also has RPG elements (which I love) by upgrading your character and weapons. Great replayability because of the nemesis system!!Also Picture Mode is very enjoyable, as well as playing as the chick after you beat the game! There's not enough female characters in gaming.The System Requirements Fib; It says you only need 3 GB, which is true. You probably only NEED that much, that's why they're fibbing. To play this game and not have major cone fatigue (eyeball pain) within half an hour from the graphic settings so low or crap FPS is if you have at least 6 GB of RAM. <-- UPDATE: They changed the recommended to 8GB of RAM, what you need to comfortably play the game with regualr settings."
76561198060039032,Recommended,241930,12310791,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,ros117,Tolkien and video games have traditionally had a so-so relationship. Sure there have been some decent titles (the movie tie-in games are some of the more competent games based on movies) but there has never been a game one could call great or amazing. Until now. Shadow of Mordor is a terrific open world action game with a very competent base game mechanics and a great feature (the Nemesis system). Well worth the buy if you are looking for a game that actually feels like it is trying to use processing power for more than cool visuals (though it has those in spades too).
,Recommended,241930,12310786,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sumimachine.,One does not simply walk into Mordor......There are tolls!
76561198193226409,Recommended,241930,31000509,Posted: 7 April,all,DANIEL_CHOI,awesome
,Recommended,241930,33321314,Posted: 6 July,all,Profsano ☕,"Personally, I never seen such a game were you can mannipulate and make orcs either fight for you, or do what you command them to do.The combatis pretty good as well, like other games like this, you get punished when you miss a counter or spam the attack button on certain enemys. But dont even get me started on the executions. Boy they are the most BADASS and satisfying as hell to watch Talion do more than chop their heads off.The animationsare plentiful, there are so many animations for both normal and brutal kills. They are all varied as well, it isnt the same move but at a different angle. I can't say I want anymore animations than that.I can't say much about the AI, when your stealthing and an orc cant see you 20 feet away, its because orcs has the attention span of a fish so its pretty reasonable.The Storywas ok, I still crunch at thePart were Talion's family got their necks sliced.... including the son.. The ending was pretty alright, but I really wished the game could go much longer, it felt short.My Concerns:There wern't many human fighter(s) scenes in the game that i hoped there would. It could not be needed because they are so much of orcs than there is of humans in the world. I don't know what to say about that then.My Pro's is self explained so i should tell for it.Overall this game is worth its price. Its even more worth buying it on sale SO SUPPORT THE DAMN DEVELOPERS!!Everygame has a story, and with that story there is a person who exists in this world who made the story."
,Recommended,241930,33114465,Posted: 1 July,all,Pepe the Frog,yes
,Recommended,241930,33241977,Posted: 4 July,all,[ScarLeT RaiN],Nice Gameee
,Recommended,241930,12364338,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"*Long Review Inbound, if looking for TLDR, skip to the bottom. If looking for first impressions, go to bottom aswell**Video Review is at the bottom, too*Well this came out of nowhere. Middle Earth:Shadow of Mordor has got to be on of he best under-marketed amazing games. Ever.Coming out of nowhere, I really didn't know what to expect. It got some good reviews from IGN and Gamespot, but these are people that give CoD an 8/10. But I was bored. So I coughed up $50 and embarked upon the best Middle-Earth adventure since Tolkien's original novels.*For original review, go to the bottom*SoM is a hard game to describe. On one end, it's an Assassin's Creed clone, with parkour and lots of stealth. On the other end, it's a Batman game, with the same solid combat that AA made up a few years ago. Somewhere in the middle, it's a Skyrim Clone, with an open world,the games own Loot System and Leveling Up. But, truth be told, it's a solid mix of all three games, taking the best, and worst, from themBut before we go on raging about the Gameplay, let's get the Story over with first. You play as Talion, *Minor Spoilers ahead* who is killed at the beginning of the game. But, of course, he is embodied by Calibrimbor, the legendary Elf who forged the Rings of Power. I'm short, the story follows the couple and their quest to figure out what happened to Cali, and kill the guys who killed Talion(and his family). The story is Ok, but predicable. I knew all the plot twists hours before they happened, and no, I didn't look up YouTube walkthroughs. SoM does provide some context for all the killing that you'll be doing, but it's not to heavy on it, which is for the better.Now, let's talk voices and the like. Top of the line. They managed to get people that really sound like they are Elfs, or Rangers, or the real Gollum. The music is a bit too ""actony"" for my taste, which is a shame, but it's nothing to get in any large fret over. The combat sounds are good, too. Swords clashing with Urk flesh is satisfying and fun. Still not AS good as DkS, guys.Graphics are pretty good, too. The game goes for a sort of ""Sleeping Dogs mixed with Battlefield"" look, and it looks good. Textures are top of the line, particle effects too. Lighting looks like it came down from God, and well, yep. Keep in mind that this is a taxing game. You're going to need a decent PC to run it. But it's also a good port. In my 20 hours, I didn't experience any real dip in frames, and for the most part, it was bug free.Ok. Onto gameplay. It's pretty good. As I said earlier, it's a solid blend of Batman, Skyrim, and Assasins Creed. Climbing and parkour make getting around the world a blast. You run and sneak fast, so it will never take you too long to get around, and you can avoid most Urk encounters with a few jumps and arrows. The Batman combat is here and is in full force. Combat is never too difficult, so it always make you feel like a god. Building up combos also allows for some special Magic to be unleashed, so building up a combo always feel satisfying.  From Skyrim, it takes its open world. The world may not be as big as other games,but it's much denser. You a never 5 feet from an Urk encounter, and there is a plethora of quests and mini-bosses to take on. Also, you can ride those weird dog things, and the giant things for fun.Now,let's quickly talk about the whole ""nemesis"" system. It's alrite. Functioning similar to the AC game of the same general nature, you can, in short, make your own army. From the start, there is a ton of bosses(who are randomized) scattered around the world. If you take on these bosses, you will get a Rune(See next paragraph) and some Xp. For the first bit of the game, these are pretty difficult. But,sadly, later on in the game, you get the hang of them, and they result in simple attack, counter, and roll style things. But I digress. If you beat the boss, the WarChiefs will become weaker, and the game will become easier. If you fail,the Urk will remember you,and when you fight him again, he'll know your attacks,and be stronger. But the real fun comes in when you get to command them. In short, if you get the boss down to low health, he can be branded. If you brand him, you can order them to attack a fellow Urk,cause a riot,or just aid you in battle. The probem is that this is unlocked around the 60% mark. But that's just nit-picking. The Nemesis System is a cool and fun addition to the gameplay.On to the bad. Well, really, there isn't a whole lot to be mad about. The gameplay can get repetitive de temps on temps, and some of the Instant-Fail Stealth missions are quite annoying . Also, the Urks AI is rock stupid, for supposed ""Warriors"". Also, I hate the Rune System. Runes are dropped when you kill an Urk commander. The problem is that too many of these are useless, and unless you want to ""Grind"" them, your weapon is going to remain pretty much the same throughout. But thats about all I have wrong with the game.It's now time to conclude,my friends. SoM is NOT a bad game. But it's also not a GREAT game. It goes for quantity over quality, yet, ironically, has a mere 20 main missions, and a small ""Open-World"". That being said, it's still a FUN game. It's satisfying to kill off more Urks then I can count, and its a blast to parkour around the Black Gate. But it's still missing something. I don't know what, but it just is. It's still an experience that you don't want to miss.9.0/10Video Reviewhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUTjrcdyFZAREVIEW IN PROGRESSSo far, I think the game is pretty good. The graphics are top of the line, they got some very LoTR sounding voice acters, and the music is pretty good. The gameplay is solid, aswell. It takes a solid blend of Batman,♥♥♥♥♥Creed, and Skyrim. From♥♥♥♥♥Creed, it takes its whole ""Hardkore Parkour"" thing. Sadly, some times the controlls dont respond the best, so from time to time, it does get a bit wonky. From Batman, it takes the solid combat, which is still true here. Sadly, the camera derps out from time to time, and that does get annoying. Also, due to some wierd controlls, the combat can get a bit tedios from time to time, but not too often. From Skyrim it takes the whole RPG thing, and makes it better. A smaller map makes it so there is less senselessness in the world, and all things considered, I like the leveling up mechanics. I, however, dislike the Rune System, mainly because most of the runes are bloody useless. Anyway, the games mission structure is better then all 3 games, with very few instafail stealth sequences.The whole Nemisis thing is kinda cool. You get killed by an Orc, he remembers you, and will kick your balls to hell and back until the end game. Throw an Orc into the fire,forget to kill him, and he will kick your balls until endgame.Commanding your Orc army is a cool concept, one that could've been implemented better, but it is there,and is fun to screw around with.All in all, I do like ME:SOM. It may not be the best game in the world, but its not the best, and will get you 30 hours of fun. Just think first before buying it at full price. If you're only going to buy 1 full priced game this season, this shouldnt be it.TLDR-SoM is amazing game with solid, freeflowing combat, fun freerunning, and good graphics that really shouldnt be missed by fans of ARPGs, LoTR, or AC gamesAlso-A link to my Metacritichttp://www.metacritic.com/user/Garfoodle?myscore-filter=MovieI post here quite often, so check it outhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQg48Ys-Ny3Ky55w5KUwoZgI post lots of stuff like reviews, rants, and lets plays there. Check that out, too{LINK REMOVED}http://garfoodlesreviews.weebly.com/Thats my ""Blog"" where I will post links to all my text-based reviews, along with any other things that remotly concern me and my gaming self"
,Recommended,241930,33218844,Posted: 4 July,all,Mazer Reck'em,"Pretty good game, slightly repetitive combat. Would reccomend, esp @ sale price. Buy it now if it's still on sale, if not maybe hold off, esp if you arent a fan of Assassins Creed or Arkham games"
,Recommended,241930,20697841,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Inumimi | YudBet,"This game is awesome , the story is interesting and the game is very detail . I strongly recommend this game and i hope there  will game will continue to develpo"
,Recommended,241930,33372825,Posted: 8 July,all,VetrezZ -A-,The first impression of this game was super awesome!Hack and Slay AAA title for just 3€ .. awesome!!I didn't buy it in 2014 because I didn't know if I would enjoy it..It is well worth the little change you have to pay atm!!Go GET IT! :D
76561198016565158,Recommended,241930,33373374,Posted: 8 July,all,vamoosen,"I put off playing this game until I coud be bothered insalling the drivers for a controler.Long story short - I couldn't be bothered and tried it with jut the keyboard and mouse. The controller may be better for these type of games generally, but the contols are simple, resonsive and intuative enough that the keybaord and mouse were really enjoyable with this gameIn addition to tight PC cntrols, this game is heaps of fun generally"
,Recommended,241930,15619897,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ビバップ,10/10To be completed.
76561198078927186,Not Recommended,241930,25378116,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,stzephyr,"A game you forgot soon after you played. One of the worse kind of 3A games nowadays. Yes, the graphic is awesome, the battle is fun. But it lacks of a backbone. The game lacks of proper quest, 80% of the time, it leads you to do trivia collecting... While the Middle Earth world it recreates is beautiful but because lack of core, failed to give people feel of immersion. Character falls very shallow...Story falls very thin...Battle at first very attractive, but then soon you will get bored of those missions ask you to kill another hundreds of Orcs..."
,Not Recommended,241930,24166490,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,RickF7666,"I just picked up this game on a Steam sale based on the recomendation of someone.  Having played it for quite a few hours I would say that it does have some good ideas.  The story in interesting, the combat is dynamic and fun, and the level up system is useful.Unfortunately, there are several things that lead to a lot of frustration and at least one game breaking thing.  To start the controls are sluggish and often with the over lap of funtions mapped to the same button, your character often does something other than you intended.  This is the same problem that most third person action games have.As for the unforgivible flaw, it cheats.  The most blatant one was when I went to fight a Warchief and went to strike the finishing blow, the game goes into a cut scene.  The Warchief says that I shouldn't kill him.  Having no reason not to kill him I hit the attack button again, at which point it goes into a slowmo scene where he blocks my attack and hits me.  My character stumbles to the ground and the Warchief laughs at me and then disapears.  This was an openly blatant cheat on the part of the game.  If you can't kill the Warchiefs, which the game has told you needs to be done in order to complete the game, what is the point in playing?So while most of the gameplay and story are fun, if the game will not let you win then this is a bad game."
76561198097081938,Not Recommended,241930,26130711,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,skyrimemailtest,"The repetitive introduction scene for captains and war chiefs are played EVERY time you meet them again.In the second part of the game war chiefs have captains as bodyguards, which means you have to watch up to 5 introductions scenes in one fight. Fighting 4 captains and a warchief at the same time is also not fun.Particularly when all of them are immune to stealth. And some of them deal considerably more damage than normal Uruks (they kill you in one to two hits) and are immune to ranged attacks. Sprinkle a berserker captain with combat mastery into the mix and you have a very annoying group to defeat. So at the end of that fight you will have seen several of the introductions scenes a few dozen times probably.And since it's a main quest you have to fight them to finish the game.The balance is all over the place. Some warchiefs are like described above while others are ridiculously easy.On top of all that the game is really repetitive."
,Recommended,241930,23919366,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Arassii,Very well made! Not too hard or too easy! Love this game!
76561198126213117,Recommended,241930,24934865,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Waiting for New Compendium,awesome
,Recommended,241930,28276385,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Nox,Great game.
76561198299392602,Recommended,241930,24716187,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Íslendingur,its good
76561198147920234,Recommended,241930,24716086,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,mys3k,i like this game 10/10
76561198138601378,Recommended,241930,31079402,Posted: 11 April,all,Catfish,"One of my all time favorite games. Storyline is just ok, love the combat."
,Recommended,241930,12372273,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Goudie71,is really good but to hard special when you die and then the warchief rank up the problem is when you try to kill a warchief that happen to me there is the warchief and his body guard and then u run in two of the rank ork so the fight is hard but now the fight is 3 times harder
,Recommended,241930,12893644,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Alice,It is short but the gameplay is great
,Recommended,241930,21908590,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,yeeeee,kule
,Recommended,241930,13460549,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Chunky Moosh,I enjoyed the game but the ending was more disapointing than my birth. 7/10
76561198119577108,Recommended,241930,17246109,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Gangster Gavin,"I love this game because you can ride caragors, build up and kill those warchiefs that have been bugging you for hours, loose alot to a warchief than come back with your new branded army and slay him. IT IS AWESOME!!! THis game = 9/10"
,Recommended,241930,19075593,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Pulse,"If you like LOTR and gameplay similar to Arkham Knight, good game/10."
,Not Recommended,241930,18138803,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Tronedor,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,241930,21015555,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Guitar Smash,Great Combat. Very good port with stable 60FPS at Ultra Settings with an R9 390.
76561198105092443,Not Recommended,241930,28988440,Posted: 3 January,all,☮SNUGGYMADNESS☮,"Only thing I liked about this game was that you got to kill Orcs.Story is mediocre..The combat system requires that you do a finisher move on 90% of the orcs that you kill, but then doesn't allow for that to happen because it takes 10 seconds to do that while you're getting attacked by other orcs. It's like they have a fetish for overly dramatic kill sequences.4/10"
,Recommended,241930,21963408,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,The Meow God,I want the sequel/prequel NOW !!!
76561197962837451,Recommended,241930,12530983,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,SD,"Great Lord of the Rings orc slaying game! This 3rd person combat game mixed with sword, dagger, bow  and spellcraft is quite enjoyable. And who doesn't like tearing orcs up riding a beast? I think it's awesome the orcs fight each other as rivial clans. Theres also different beasts orcs fight as well as ghouls. The game is also Open World. This has alot of gore... so if youre not into that kinda thing; this probably isn't the game for you. If youre an Assassin Creed fan... Shadows makes Creed seem like a joke. I can't get enough of the combat... Never played a game with this type of combat system and i'm loving it. Ive been gathering 7 beasts and raiding an orc strongholds having quite the epic battles. I wish there were human, elf and dwarf regular soldiers and heroes to team up with. I was looking forward to more monsters in the game as well. Quests are also pretty meh... they could have improved on that department greatly..."
76561198042249491,Recommended,241930,18178118,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Hugh Janos,10/10
76561198355152388,Not Recommended,241930,28979578,Posted: 3 January,all,tigsthefabs,Having problems with it something about cannot support directx 11 want refund
,Not Recommended,241930,33509692,Posted: 13 July,all,Desolator,"I really wished this game would work... I do, apart from constant crashes on Windows 10, the game is barely playable and crashes within 5 minutes after every playtime even thru the DLC. Its such a shame that even after all these years, the devs have yet to sort out the crashes... Its an awesome game but in its current state, its not playable."
76561197970524226,Not Recommended,241930,25154513,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,28k,Gameplay was too restrictive.
,Recommended,241930,12367597,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Buff Orpington,totes ma gotes
76561197970463533,Not Recommended,241930,33549709,Posted: 14 July,all,Jimbo,Its garbage. Why it was so highly praised is beyond me. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sneak game with quick time event and the same assasin's creed 1 button auto-pilot running climbing etc.
,Recommended,241930,31942105,Posted: 24 May,all,The Kikelord,very lit
,Not Recommended,241930,32737893,Posted: 24 June,all,sirduggins,"I only played for amount of time, but it had some problems that immediately made a bad impression on me. I did get to encounter a bit of the nemesis/warleader system and it was cool, and the game really does have that going for it.I personally had quite a bit of trouble playing the game with a mouse and keyboard though. There were a lot of different button binds you have to manage. It felt more like I was fighting to control the game as opposed to fighting off the orcs. I did some rebinding but it didn't help much. The combat is similar to the Batman games where you spam counter and get a few hits in before you hit counter again. It's honestly pretty easy and the only real ""difficulty"" comes from fighting the warleaders. Even then the difficulty lies in reading what their weakness is and exploiting that.I did get killed a few times but it was just from getting attacked by like 4+ of the named orcs at once (I think I was close to a fortress or something, but I was in the first area of the game). I killed most of those orcs, but they don't remain dead if you die in the battle, which was a little upsetting but understandable I guess. The game doesn't have much of a tutorial, but I assume you learn more as you do the story missions. However I personally like to do a bit of running around when I first get tossed into an open world but I only got punished for doing that.The stealth is also incredibly simple, but seems to one of the big points of the game. You can assassinate orcs feet away from their allies, and so long as you are a little behind them they won't notice. I also see the movement praised by some people, but it is as simple as ""hold _ button and run toward a wall"".I don't usually write reviews but I've only heard good things about this game and was pretty surprised when I actually got my hands on it. I'm still holding out some hope for new Mordor game coming out, but it'll likely be more of the same.TLDRThe game seems to be best played with a controller imo.  The combat is uninventive/boring (still imo). I obviously didn't play very much so take this all with a grain of salt. Although while its on sale I'm sure you could easily get $4 worth of fun out of it."
76561197990237053,Not Recommended,241930,24429548,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,lightingmaster,"Fun game for about twenty minutes, then it gets repetitive. Controls don't work like they should; I right-click to block a hit, but it brings up my bow instead- and then I get hit by the guy I was supposed to block. I enjoy the lore, but I want better game execution. Two out of five stars."
,Recommended,241930,12356665,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Baconator,"Great game whether you're a Lord of the Rings fan or not. Excellent voice cast, amazing visuals and graphics and it is very well optimized for PC. Definitely worth buying, in my opinion. It can be a little difficult at first, but once you get used to the combat and the general mechanics of the gameplay, it's still a nice challenge but it isn't hard :)"
76561197989729307,Not Recommended,241930,33721640,Posted: 22 July,all,Gulls,"This game could be great, it had been on my radar for a while and was recommended by friends. When it appeared in the recent sale it seemed like an obvious purchase. However, I have no idea of what it is like as I merely get a black screen followed by a crash on trying to load. Spent half a day trying to work through various suggested fixes with no success."
76561198021614466,Recommended,241930,14788813,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ezprime2,Awesome game hack and slash
,Recommended,241930,25889007,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,RawfulMao,If Arkham City didn't suck and used a more badass IP
76561197960871147,Recommended,241930,23639074,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,AnGrA,"Ótimo jogo, viciante, ótima história e belíssimo"
,Recommended,241930,27553505,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lil tnk,FUN TOB KKILL BADPEPOPLE
76561198133081945,Recommended,241930,18860604,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Mister Cheese,"Meh, this game is great.I am a huge fan of the LOTR books and The Hobbit, and I think this game is very accurate. However, the combat is basically♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ If I'm trying to fight hordes of enemies, I'm constantly getting attacked by other orcs. The only chance to dodge I have is to press right click, and roll out of sight. It's really annoying, but otherwise it's a good game. I do recommend it."
76561198362588403,Recommended,241930,33326075,Posted: 6 July,all,50 Caliber,INCREDIBLE!
,Recommended,241930,18258420,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,about 47 t-rexes,"This game is way too much fun, killing stuff has never felt so satisfying. The story is cool and all, but causing mayhem on random orcs is definitley the best part, and you can be at this game for hours at a time and not get bored.btw, disable crossfire if you use AMD, otherwise the game crashes every 20 minutes :'("
,Recommended,241930,19248172,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Captain Rana,This game's combat is so nice it will make ur♥♥♥♥♥♥♥erected.
,Recommended,241930,32820571,Posted: 26 June,all,JinXButcher,cool and good
76561198303981891,Recommended,241930,25582711,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,PocketHell,Great graphics great sound
,Not Recommended,241930,33490776,Posted: 12 July,all,Mr. White,"I bought this game a week or so ago, on sale of course. The game was pretty fun until the ending it sucked. That was a terrible ending it was too short and it was easy as hell hope they fix that in the new one.dont know if i would recomend it to anyone because it ended so poorly"
,Not Recommended,241930,24427563,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Mandarin Chili Slut,"""Dumb-♥♥♥♥ing-Aaaaaaass game.""I found myself saying this at least 20 times within the first 30 minutes of playing.Controls feel clumsy at best (Keybo/gamepad). Quick time events. Combat is a timed mashing. Camera is terrible. Repetitve dialogue e.g. ""What are these spires?"" every♥♥♥♥inglogon. Game is too bloody easy.Unless you're a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ and are bent on sucking on the long shlong of why video games have all but turned to triple A titles of endless Call of Duty and whatnot, this game is just bloody awful and certainly does not deserve GOTY.Story 9/10Combat 3/10Stealth 3/10RPG/Progression 1/10Graphics 8/10"
76561198067248388,Not Recommended,241930,24309586,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,FireChair,"At first, this game will hook you with it's cool setting and old-school Assassin's Creed gameplay. That sounds cool, right? Well it was for a while. So was the nemesis system. Then, after hours of listening to this Geralt wanna-be cry with his dead elf friend about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is living in J.R.R. Tolkien's metaphor for hell, I slowly stopped having fun. Weird right?"
76561198024922437,Not Recommended,241930,24285761,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Santa,"Well I'm glad I waiting to get this on sale to see what all the hype was about because this game is just not doing it for me and would of been upset if I paid full price when everybody was raving about it 2 years ago.I played over 7 hours waiting for the ""fun"" to kick in and it just got more boring instead.   There is really nothing to the game except constant fighting and that has never been fun for me.Plus the controls were unintuitive to learn, I mean if they were going to copy some of Assassin's Creed why couldn't they just copy the AC style controls instead to come up with a totally new system - ugh.I guess running around and constant fighting style of this game just is not for me so I'm writing this review mostly for myself to remind myself to not buy any sequels if they come up."
,Recommended,241930,28200666,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Egonic,"* The AI is not good* Stealth is a lie, I was able to ""stealth"" kill an enemy in the middle of 10 Uruk and run away without them doing anything* You have X-Ray vision and the super ability called whistle where you can defeat the entire game just using it....* You can counter pretty much everything by pressing a button, combat is extremely dumbed down and easy,  the only challenge * n the game is when I stand in the middle of 30 orcs and try to kill them all while they keep respawning in endless waves* The game feels and plays exactly like Assassins Creed, I think this game is even easier though* Branding captains to create your ""army"" is a lie it's so pointless and you can just use them for like 3-4 copy paste scenarios that   aren't even fun doing* Too much epic slowdowns and trying to make the combat finishers look cool when all you do is button mash* The story wasn't interesting and the ending was extremely bad, I wish I hadn't done the last missionThe good part is that it was pretty interesting to play Ezio in Mordor, I would never have bought it for full price but it's pretty cheap now, and even with a ton of flaws I enjoyed most of it."
,Recommended,241930,31461059,Posted: 30 April,all,spruitje,fun
76561198049070926,Recommended,241930,33376574,Posted: 8 July,all,Stalin <3,Better Assassin's Creed than any of the original Assassin's Creed
76561198056229299,Recommended,241930,33377325,Posted: 8 July,all,Wayne,"Brilliant, only gets repetitive after you've got your moeny's worth."
,Not Recommended,241930,21612387,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Charlie Kelly,If you love repetitive mind numbingly boring games then this is just for you!
76561198108618320,Recommended,241930,33094169,Posted: 1 July,all,Zombielad124,you buy now yes?
,Recommended,241930,25650214,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,GreyOwl,Awesome mix of skyrim and assassins creed
,Recommended,241930,30458782,Posted: 11 March,all,Rules0_0,9/10Game great AI and gameplay and decent story.Disappointing last boss fight.
76561197995313460,Not Recommended,241930,30760885,Posted: 26 March,all,psychopatata,"No, I really didn't like this one. I have read the books multiple times, and seen the movies (of course, who hasn't?), but still I only felt a great big disconnect when I played it."
76561198097149517,Recommended,241930,23565515,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Sir Rohan,I enjoy playing this game. Game play is very much similar to Assasin's Creed. Graphics are very good on my Nvidia GTX 970.
,Recommended,241930,28597287,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mr. Killed the Empress,I only played 1 jour and I already feel empty induse when I think that I will have to finisaj this game. I love it!
76561198076829683,Not Recommended,241930,33821939,Posted: 26 July,all,MookaBean13,It wasnt fun and I did not feel engaged.
76561198006240303,Not Recommended,241930,29275456,Posted: 15 January,all,cell1e,"I didnt like it. Its seems just like a fighting game with lots of quick time finishers and moves. Its dark and dreary and seems focused on combat, I couldnt see a way to loot or use my character for anything other than fighting. Not my cup of tea."
76561198203596064,Recommended,241930,32989710,Posted: 29 June,all,Gigs,"This game is one that suprised me most out of my library. Bought it for a tiny 4.00 euro (depending what currency you have) and I couldn't let go of the amazing story and satisfying as hell gameplay. It kept making me play the game over and over until I killed a Warchief or completed The Bright Lord Campaign and The Lord of the Hunt Campaign. 9/10. 100% would recommend.(The new game coming coming out, ""Shadow of War"" is a sequel and I'm sure as hell it will be as good or even better than the first.)"
76561198007977062,Recommended,241930,13533263,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Blargle Wargle,"It's fun. It's easily the best of the mega-hyped AAA games to come out this year, so pick it up. Get it. GET IT."
76561198108422621,Not Recommended,241930,27574068,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[MNI] Dr. Storm,"Not sure if anyone is having same prob, after the first cut scene my screen just goes into loading and I never got the chance to play. Was not able to refund because my purchase was more than 2 weeks. Consider it a loss cause my internet took quite some time to download it. If anyone had a similar prob and has solved it please do inform me. But for now I think it's a no from me"
76561198001445628,Recommended,241930,32837411,Posted: 26 June,all,thetoad,This game is great. End of review.
76561198112291226,Recommended,241930,17059499,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Bilbo Shaggins,"♥♥♥♥ing ace game. Loved every minuite of the campain... UNTIL! This soon to be bane of my SoM campain for about 4 hours, pale ork comes outta nowhere, and kills me while I'm really low, and levels up. I try and find the ♥♥♥♥er, but encouter another ork warlord and kill him getting low in the process. Then guess what? The pale ork comes outta nowhere and RKO's me again. Bear in mind that I am low level at this point. The guy gets so fed off me that my normal attacks can't kill this basterd. Like they don't damage him at all. I can't stealth him, i can't shoot him. His only weakness was fear of Caregors. So i go and 'tame'/ take over the things mind, and find this♥♥♥♥♥♥ So I find him and he pisses himself and runs. bit by bit, my Careagor takes chunks out of the basterd until he gets low and eventally ( this took no joke 2 minuites solid of bitting him cos he was such a high level) and kills him. I'm like phew thank ♥♥♥♥ for that. An hour a later or so I'm hunting another warlord. I get low and guess ♥♥♥♥ing what? The basterd rocks up and ♥♥♥♥ing kills me! I'm there near tears staring at my screen in disbelife and the basterd kills me! He then starts to walk around with a guy who 2 shots Careagors so i can't get near him like tht. He keeps ambushing and kills me again and again. UNTIL! I was fighting a low level boss and outta nowwhere this ♥♥♥♥er turns up AGAIN! He gets me on final stand, and tears are streaming down my face at this point, until i remember that i got the ability which allows me to kill someone whilst in final stand. So the orks are doing their chanting and i have to get my mouse in the tiny area to kill him ( Which im doubtfull tht will kill him after all the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i've tryed) and i block his deathstrike AND CUT HIS HEAD OFF! Never been so releved in my life xD. Long story short awesome game get it! 9/10"
,Recommended,241930,16102863,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,(ヾ(´･ω･｀) bakababi,This game allows you to brutalize Uruks just as much as the writers brutalize the lore. 7/10 branding Uruks get repetitive at times. Never expected to see a human end up commanding an army of Uruks though.
76561198364749353,Recommended,241930,33320774,Posted: 6 July,all,Black Harry Potter Hellcase.com,its a veri gud geim if iu uant tu plei
,Not Recommended,241930,33731889,Posted: 22 July,all,Malcoth,"Useless. Controls are wonky, difficulty is all over the map, success requires either insane twitchskills oder luck. With this game you're either bored or frustrated, it's junk."
76561198021473658,Not Recommended,241930,34239895,Posted: 14 August,all,superbird29,was good game then wb saw that made sequal then♥♥♥♥♥♥on it
76561198016196140,Recommended,241930,24023964,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mr Frenchy,"Overall i was pretty happy with the game.I didn't like the ""action"" kills where you have to react quick enough and hit the right coresponding button. (i'm just too old for that).And once the story is finish there's really isn't anything else left to do beside go around killing warchief only to have them respawn i new bunch every time you ""wait"" (kind of disapointed in that)"
,Recommended,241930,33347569,Posted: 7 July,all,Tito_el_Furioso,"This game has very high production values, and is immensely entertaining....for about 3 hours.I found it incredibly repetetive and soon became very bored.  I imagine others might like it, however."
,Recommended,241930,32679582,Posted: 23 June,all,Inferno Bunny,One of the best games i have ever played
,Not Recommended,241930,29748676,Posted: 6 February,all,spherearrow,I remember quite enjoying the game when it first came out and came back to it to have some fun killing orcs. Unfortunatly it seems the game is now broken for me. What began as a desire to get some quick killing fun in became 6 hours of attempted trouble shooting that led to nowhere. apparently there are still game breaking bugs in the game and apparently the developer has decided to not put forth the effort to fix it. Unfortunatly unplayable as it was a very fun game when it worked.
76561198049914276,Not Recommended,241930,18106871,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Obi,"Spawn rate was ♥♥♥♥ing under 2 minutes.  Seriously what the ♥♥♥♥! I cannot clear an area before getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the same group I just killed, 0/10 will not buy again. Returned for a refund."
76561198009987044,Not Recommended,241930,19149450,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,KukoBar,"Best PR campaing ever, first scene is what many of youtubers played (sponsored videos) which is the best and only good scene in the whole game, after that the game becomes an Orc Killing Simulator wannabe open world.So dissapointed."
76561198084255596,Recommended,241930,22617483,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Domino's Pan Pizza $8.99,Get this if you like dying to the same ♥♥♥♥ing orc 50 times.
76561197993478921,Not Recommended,241930,34672412,Posted: 1 September,all,torskforce,blanket text since you want to takte blanket money
,Not Recommended,241930,15597765,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Potato,ı cant play the game (INSTALLED VIDEO DEVICE DOES NOT SUPPORT DIRECTX 11 FEATURES) pls help me to solve this problem
76561198158488191,Recommended,241930,33358066,Posted: 7 July,all,"Scottland, Conquerer of Worlds",My favorite pokemon game
76561198018238823,Not Recommended,241930,16788225,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,►VoidNull◄,Ok I must say that graphic and atmosphere is amazing. Combat system is good but wtf when you are fighting with a chief suddenly 20 uruks covers you and more is coming whenever they see you then you are death
76561197965119058,Not Recommended,241930,18195812,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Laxative,"This game would be awesome if it didnt crash every 5 minutes. Im so ♥♥♥♥ing sick of this game doing damage to my system . ♥♥♥♥ this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and lack of customer support. I've tried to contact support as well as find a fix online for the problem. if you google the dialog ""video device removed or reset."" it provides a direct link to the game and hundreds of posts about the game constantly crashing, with the same error message. Enough is enough i want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back."
,Not Recommended,241930,18206775,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,SalsaDoom,"Oh feral ;( This does not run very well. Not at all. Normally I love feral's linux ports but this is disapointing. This game should run on a i7 4770k with an nVidia 780 just fine, but its not smooth even on the very lowest detail. Not good, guys."
,Recommended,241930,12307298,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Hawkest,Only spent a few hours on it and i'm hooked very clever ai and the story develops well.. defo worth a play!!!
,Recommended,241930,12299264,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Calamity Friends,Within an hour or so of starting the game I am at a loss for words at how amazing and fluid the combat is. Taking on an army of enemys and coming out unscathed has never felt so rewarding.
,Recommended,241930,12299815,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Yung Jiggy Habibi,"THIS IS THE GREATEST GAME IN THE HISTORY OF ALL LOTR GAMES, BUY IT OR YOUR MUMMA AINT GONNA LOVE YA"
76561198019264594,Recommended,241930,12302132,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Ryuuda,Put a dagger into the side of a guys face and pushed it forwards 10/10.
76561198015241679,Recommended,241930,12302646,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Hailee Steinfeld,This is what you call perfection. Dont listen to the haters this game is the shizz! i would sell my soul for this game
,Recommended,241930,12303558,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Flax,Really fun to play the voice acting is good and the nemesis system will keep you busy for hours although the mounted combat isn't that enjoyable :P
76561198061489543,Recommended,241930,12303672,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ChaoticChaos2k,"Really nice gameplay, reminds ME alot of assasins creed in many ways exept the story of course.  When you start going after the higher level characters they REALLY make you work for it."
76561198018983612,Recommended,241930,12304925,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Toma,AWSUM
,Recommended,241930,12306579,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,dingodile,"This game brings the enjoyable, satisfying combat system of Batman: Arkham City and Arkham Origins and infuses it with the stealthy tactics needed in Assassins Creed. Gameplay, graphics and plot of this game get better and better as the game progresses. The Nemesis enemy system provides players with a variation in Captain and Warchief hunt quests, meaning no two players experiences are the same. Would highly recommend this game, it is worth the full $80."
,Recommended,241930,12306712,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,MrTaco0o,F****** AMAZING
,Recommended,241930,12306806,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Jon Snow c::[::::::::>,Easily one of the best single-player games I've ever owned. 10/10
,Recommended,241930,12307909,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,FactoryDefaults,"The way the captains begin to fear you, or even hunt you down, once defeated is brilliant, you could be stalking one foe and suddenly someone you thought you had killed shows up eager for revenge."
,Recommended,241930,12307946,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Juan Solo,"Oh my god it's so awesome! I jumped on a pig-dog from hell and ate orcs! Then I killed more orcs! Then I got killed by a pig-dog from hell.10/10 would circle of life again.Also, I'd like to add that the combat feels extremely fluid, the story's interesting with some great voice work, and the nemesis system is crazy good. Also, the wraith stun/ combo attack is super badass. Every attack is super badass. This game makes me feel super badass.Don't listen to the reviewers saying that the story's bad. They're just being jerks because they expect the moon from a LOTR license. Honestly, I'm surprised it's this good."
76561197964518670,Recommended,241930,12308155,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,㋛MajorStone☂IRL,just a very good game. Great fun and lots of black blood.
76561198035670880,Recommended,241930,12308820,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Muginn,"I am amazed at how well this game turned out, I was afraid of getting my hopes up for this one, but wow."
,Recommended,241930,12308896,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Sevrick,Very good. Best thing by far about this game is the Nemis System. There is somthing to be said about an orc that just pisses you off by killing you so much then you are able to plan more carefuly and diliver the final blow. It's suprisingly gratifying.The next thing I give them praise for is the amount of diversity in orcs. Holly crap. No 2 orcs look alike it gives so much personality. I preored the Pemium and it was woth every cent.
,Recommended,241930,12309049,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,DiabloMuerto,"I'm not far enough in to call this a review, this is more of my first impressions.  I suppose unsurpisingly quite immediately you can feel the nostalgia of Assassin's Creed from this game, though I would say the combat here is slightly more challenging and a bit more like combat from the Arkham series.  In AC I rarely ever died in this game I've already died three or four times as the mobs of Orcs can get out of hand if you don't choose your engagements carefully.The progression pacing seems quite good as far as acquiring new skills.  I felt a little under powered at the start when fighting multiple enemies but the first few upgrades help to alleviate that.  I will say they kind of throw you into the deep end a bit, you kind of just get a marker of where to go and then you're mostly free to roam around and do things as you see fit.Though I'm only scratching the surface of the nemesis system right now it does serve to keep combat interesting even at these early levels.  Having the nemesis mobs pop up when you think you're only going to be fighting a group of random Uruks forces you to approach each encounter a little more cautiously.  They might only appear to be low ranks when you engage them but the harder nemesis mobs can pop up at any momentThe control scheme felt a little wonky to me at first, took a little bit of getting used to.  It's not bad or even way off what you might expect but for some reason some of the control options just felt a bit unintuitive (for gamepad).  Another small gripe would be that executing downed enemies when fighting in groups can be touchy.  As mentioned the combat is sort of free flow like you see in the Arkham games and often when you want to kill an enemy you've knocked down it will just jump to the next enemy instead.All in all though I'm enjoying the game, the combat is certainly visceral and I'm glad to see it's at least a bit harder than AC's which I find way too easy and it seems like they make the combat easier and easier with every iteration of that series which I do not think is a good thing."
,Recommended,241930,12309163,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Spacey,
,Recommended,241930,12309238,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,iGolf,"Over-expectation. It's like combination of Assassin's Creed, Batman and Lord of the Rings and the result is awesomeness."
,Recommended,241930,12298220,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Joon,"Played for just 1 hr, impressions what a ripoff from the Batman games, which aint a bad thing, from combat system to the Detective vision, to the Map. very promising"
76561198028325739,Recommended,241930,12298146,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,P1,Fighting is fun
,Recommended,241930,12301585,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Swampy,Ghost Busters meets Lord of the Rings
,Recommended,241930,12305822,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ShapeShifterZX,BEST GAME EVER 12/10
,Recommended,241930,12306753,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Kel,"Gameplay is a little clunky but with very satisfactory killmoves.Also, Lord of the Rings and Tolkien : 10/10"
,Recommended,241930,12307342,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,deuces,so funso satisfyingso so story
76561198127262666,Recommended,241930,12301464,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Dumnega,This game is dope.
,Recommended,241930,12303136,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Snackbar,"So far, this game delivers and more. The combat is smooth and if not executed correctly can be quite a challenge. The writing so far has been quite pleasing, especially from the uruks stand point. The game itself and the enviroment is really emerseive, plenty of side mission/world mission quests to do to keep your mind occupied if you dont want to grind the main quest out. The tracking/captain system in the game is fantastically executed and very rewarding if you manage to pull off the schemes. The idea of creating rifts among the Uruks themselves and being able to convince them to take each other out is really just super hilarious, the dialogue that follows is perfect. Im only 2 1/2 hours in (3% for story mission) so it is hard to review the overall story but so far it is interesting, I have the feeling theres going to be a twist of some sort. Overall worth your 50$ and more. Ill update once I finish this game."
,Recommended,241930,12304656,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,MasterZoran,"I have never played a game this smooth before. Storyline, graphics, combat. Silky. Worth."
76561198012858330,Recommended,241930,12305853,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,thejoker,"id give this game a 9.8/10, literally the most fun ive had in a while with a game. It starts out making you think its easy but wait till you get ganked by 25 orcs at once while trying to kill a leader, oh FK, run away... come back.. sneak and try to kill a couple... then run.. zomg, anyway lots of fun..."
,Recommended,241930,12306100,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,HappyBean ツ,"Although I have played less than one hour, the game is already shaping up to be one which I will spend a lot of time on. It has qualities which can be found in the Batman games of which have made a name for themselves. Imagine the fighting of the Arkham trilogy/ Assassins creed and put that into a grim LOTR enviroment... Unlike other games of this genre, Shadow of Mordor actually gives you the want to go out and find and finish all of the minor details in the world around you, It makes you want to see what is happening around the corner and the conversations between some of the Orcs and some of the actions they do are so well made and animated it has you smiling the whole way. If you dont already have this in your games library then you need to fix that problem now."
,Recommended,241930,12307297,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Protoleg,Extremely fun. I would say it is a perfect blend of Assasins Creed and Batman with top notch voice acting and an incredible setting. I'm only a few hours in but I'll update when I finish the game.
,Recommended,241930,12307563,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Bilbo,I love Lord of the Rings.I love video games.I hate orc scum.Every click is satisfying.10/10
,Recommended,241930,12308874,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Dippeggs,"If you're a fan of Arkham style combat, Assassins Creed parkour, and LOTR, then you'll love this game."
,Recommended,241930,12324293,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,MiU,"""nothing beats the fun of riding Caragor on fire, slashing your way through a stronghold full of godamn orcs. 10/10 GOTY.""-IGN"
,Not Recommended,241930,12477927,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Necras,"This game is too easy. I didn't know there was no diffuculty setting option and that's a real problem for me.When I first started the game the first thing I did 5 minutes in was go into a stronghold which is supposedly the hardest thing in the game, the alarms rang and I was surrounded and got confronted by 3 generals at once. And I killed them all until the rest ran away.I proceeded to not upgrade anything because I felt the game was too easy.It did get a bit harder when they introduced the new enemies but after 5 minutes I went to a stronghold and did the exact same thing again with all enemy types.So it got really boring and repetitive for me, If there's no challenge there's no fun to be had. Nothing that you need to overcome and beat.Otherwise it's a decent game, the Nemesis system is a really good addition to games, but it could have been executed better."
76561198053577236,Not Recommended,241930,12694565,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Waffle,"I finished the game in 20 hours and this is what i have to say:Pros+ beautiful graphic+ combat is very good and challenging, you just cant fight 20 orcs (like AC) and get out w/o a scratch+ the storyline is interesting, especially for LOTR fans who read the Silmarilion and other Tolkien's books+ Nemesis system makes the game feel aliveCons- the game is too short, even if you manage to collect all the artifacts and side quest- climbing on walls/buildings feels very cluncky (not like AC where it's more fluide)- the game is very very repetitive, out side the main quest- ME: SoM called an open world, but I think otherwise, there are only 2 maps and both are very small, I thought the game would offer more areas to exploreoverall, as a LOTR fan I loved the game and hope they will expand it.but I would not recommend anyone to buy the game for 50$ its not worth it, wait for dis sales..."
76561198074517241,Not Recommended,241930,12698194,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,impulse |,"11 hours played> > The game was cool for the first few hours, then it just became ""more of the same""> > Nemesis system was pretty cool I guess, although the hype seems to have overplayed it quite a bit.> > Rune system and ""skill"" trees don't really add much at all.> > Overall difficulty = easyAll too often this is the situation I kept finding myself in: ""Target a captain > Look up weaknesses > Kill him""Unfortunately I think that a 2nd play-through would still just be ""more of the same""================Worth $50.00? Not at all.If they did a %50 off sale? Yea, might be worth it."
76561198047636851,Recommended,241930,12301472,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Jim,Batman: Modor Edition   10/10
76561198038212593,Recommended,241930,12302555,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Darth Plagueis the Wise,JUST BUY THE GAME
76561198007238257,Recommended,241930,12303601,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,DAWG,"The Batman Arkham series, and the Assassins Creed series made a baby... In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. If you like either of those game series, and especially if you like them both, then ME:SoM is a NO brainer!"
76561198065164422,Recommended,241930,14111585,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Shacck,"Stealth system from Hitman, running and climbing and fighting system from Assassines creed, exploration and map from Assassines creed / Farcry and a level of detail and emertion that even skyrim cant match.Watching ´the enemy uruk commanders go up in rank is awsome and strangly is more satisfying than having my own hero gain new armor and weapons.9/10-1 because i just cant stop thinking that to many mechanics are taken from other games. It is still a ton more fun than farcry 1 or 2 or any of the assassines creed parts.Game of the year 2014 !"
,Recommended,241930,12299316,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,BBC News,"Only played his for a few hours, already one of my favourite games. 10/10, totally worth it, great price!"
76561198142028815,Recommended,241930,12301180,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Wonderboy,10
,Recommended,241930,12302945,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,AngryCrusader,"The best LOTR game you can play at the moment. An open world Middle-earth experience with a fluid combat system, great soundtracks and awesome voice acting (Troy Baker especially did a fantastic job with Talion). Nemesis system is well implemented. You're not just fighting with mindless orcs for the whole game, they have a society of their own. The visuals might not be next-gen quality, but everything else is pretty satisfying. I'd say it's a must have."
,Recommended,241930,12303173,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Rude Cookie,"The game is amazing. I especially like the combat style, it is similar to Arkham Asylum.And the nemesis system is fantastic.""Visualize your goals"" -Ratbag11/10"
76561198030016795,Recommended,241930,12304104,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Nuka,This game is epic. If you love graphics then play this on ultra only way to play it.
,Recommended,241930,12304769,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Kain,"Good game. The engine is well made, enough that I can even run the game on max graphics. The gameplay is very entertaining specially with this Nemesis System. I noticed that one time I had a mission to avenge someone else that died playing online, not much different from any other killing mission but I guess it's an extra point to say.Of all features this game have, the Nemesis System is what make it very good. The enemies can become a lot stronger, kill themselves in dispute for power .... or kill you and rank up."
,Recommended,241930,12302609,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,guapo,"You have to ask yourself ""33.9gb download , is it worth it?""Hell yes . best game10/10Even met gollum/smeagolBuyBuyBuy !"
,Recommended,241930,12306941,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,{DG} Cote Dazur,"Where to start with this game, yes this is an early review but this game is just drop dead gorgeous. Starting fom the graphics to the gameplay it is all amazing and actually {next gen} unlike many other games that have said their game is next gen."
,Recommended,241930,12306998,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Mayo,"From what i have played so have i have to say that this is a very good game. Rich in both content and visuals, that being said i do feel that combat has been done before. Able to cheese through most group fights with spamming X+Y with the occasional Y+B to quickly cut them down to size , single target with B+X+X+X+X. Stealth is more of an Assassin creed style, being able to jump stealth kill with a skill unlock.P.S.If you are using an F710 wireless gamepad you may find that the triggers LT and RT are a bit finicky, which is quite bothersome."
76561198066084624,Recommended,241930,12309658,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,MADEMAF1A,Its too sick. Fx8350 gtx 970
,Recommended,241930,12310627,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Biritsu,You will lose your job playing this game.
