user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,242050,13131965,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,marduk,Pros:-Beautiful graphics-Huge artistic work-Vast world-Naval battles are awesomeeeee!-Main quest is captivatingCons:-Uplay-Same old basic combat system-Lack of difficulty-Little to no changes in gameplay compared to the older ACs-Uplay-Uplay-Seriously... Uplay...Advice:Disable Cloud Save Sync. I lost 15 hours of gameplay because of that idiotic setting and you can avoid that by simply disabling cloud sync.
,Recommended,242050,32209969,Posted: 5 June,all,Dyspareunia {GiN&ToNiC},I love this game.. what can be better than listening to sea shanties while being a pirate?
76561198028942908,Recommended,242050,7741304,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Raziel,"Great game. Most fun I have had pretending to pirate since Sid Meier took a shot at it in the 90s. Largely addictive, great voice acting for the series, and dialogue that isn't painful to listen to on its own as well. This game could have a real shot as THE redefining moment for a series that has otherwise been largely stagnant. Unfortunately alot of those stagnations still exist here, repeated follow/eavesdrop missions for instance. All in all though this is easily what I would consider the BEST of the entire AC series since the first 2 games. Hope this is the start of a trend in making these more engaging and different/unique with each setting and iteration that follows.Check it out if you're ready to hit the open seas with your own brig, exploring the beautiful environments of the West Indies."
,Recommended,242050,32152217,Posted: 3 June,all,R :C W,"Only halfway through but some impressions so far:The bad:-The overall structure is full of checklists of meaningless boring collectibles and repetetive side activies that sadly wear out their welcome too quickly. At least there's half a dozen types or so to vary it up as you play.-Main mission design is mostly ubisoft trash and full of ""trail/follow"" or forced stealth garbage. Sadly a lot of good mechanical stuff is locked up behind their progression so you can't just ignore them.-Checkpoints are surprisingly bad. Game over ""Desyncs"" when you cross arbitrary invisible walls are way too frequent and never stop being frustrating.-Contextual actions and movement is still really terrible and leads to numerous accidents where the insanely overloaded keybindings are a fight a dozen times more challenging than any actual enemies.-Melee combat is mostly trivial, counter/punsh very easy and basically god mode. Considering how wonky stealth can be that's probably an upside though.The good:-Stealth doesn't hold up to better games like Dishonored, but the open world approach gives enjoyable freedom to clearing complex enemy groups and settlements non-lethally without alert.-Ship combat looks fantastic and is way more fun and tactical than melee combat. Storms and boarding larger ships is spectacular stuff.-The world looks fantastic and there is a ton of it. Just don't get ocd about ""hovering up"" minimap symbols, cause that's a good way to oversaturate yourself while also missing it all at the same time.-Has a decent amount of hilarious open world jank and clunky AI behavior that's way more entertaining than anything actually scripted.-Pet all cats (even the weird ones)The ugly:-I don't think you can buy a pet parrot for your ship. Ever? This is a bug that makes the game entirely unplayable and Ubisoft should refund everyone's money immediately. This is the worst pirate game in the world.Ultimately the ocean may be a bit too shallow, but it is very wide and enjoyably relaxing to cruise through (if you can ignore a few usual ubisoft virus symptoms)."
76561198061695338,Recommended,242050,21065807,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,zuesmastus,"Steam get your sh*t together...When you purchase a uplay game from steam it installs an old version of uplay which can no longer connect to the server. Please go herehttps://uplay.ubi.com/and download the latest version, than activate your game.This update worked and ended an extremely frustrating installation.  I can play now."
76561198094603500,Recommended,242050,12636452,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,monzy,I let my target notice me. He tried to follow me. A crocodile ate him. I am an assassin.
,Recommended,242050,7747493,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Logan,"Black Flag is competing to be the best Assassin's Creed title since Assassin's Creed II.Not only the story is well written to a point that not only the gamer relates to the main character, a pirate named Edward Kenway, it also creates an emotional tide with the adventure and exploration of sailing the high seas and hunting treasure and other bounties while discovering more about the Assassins, the Templars, and the secrets of both.Sailing.Before Black Flag was released there was a game no one heard of called Pirates of The Burning Sea, a F2P MMO that currently had the title for best Sailing experience, Black Flag took that away and better.With a immerse and easy to understand camera and control mechanics sailing in Black Flag is an amazing time, so much so that the game gives you the option to Fast Travel if needed, and I played for over 50 hours completing the game, without Fast Traveling Once.With the additions of random AI Ships with Different Random Cargo roaming the seas, special challanges, secrets, and different weather and time conditions, the sailing it self sells the game.Running.The main aspect of running and jumping on rooftops and trees to explore ways to complete your objectives still a big thing and very well crafted, the only Con to it is that often you find yourself jumping in Hay Stacks or Trees just by running Aside some, which is a very hard thing to balance, but even tho very frustrating at the time, it goes away as soon as you get done with it.Storyline.The main storyline is very interesting to watch read and play, with various famous characters as usual of an Assassin's Creed game, introduced very well in the story.The ending feels solid, and with enough questions for more story, but not enough to upset anyone.Multiplayer.The multiplayer feels more balanced than previous AC titles, with more maps and a more fluid and Skill Based mechanic.The only bad thing is that as always and sadly gamers would always for some reason find ways to exploit game mechanics for an easy win.The game introduced GameLabs a feature that allows players to customize Game Modes, everything from what skills can be used, to how much a kill would be worth, and what kind.The issue currently with GameLabs is that you can only play your custom made Game Modes with your friends, and only find a Random ""Approved"" Type on the public lobby.With enough luck, that would be fixed, and a new feature would allow gamers to publicly host GameLab creations for any player to pick and play.Overall this is the level of detail the so called Next Gen titles should be all about. Great environments graphics, level design, interaction, and details to very small things.This might be the best AC Title so far, and might also be GOTY."
76561198061421868,Recommended,242050,16048889,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,mcorcoro,Other Assassins Creed games had cool protagonistsACIV has a great protagonist.Other Assassins Creed games had great charactersACIV has amazing charactersOther Assassins Creed games had sad storiesACIV's story mode made me cry.Twice.10/10 would play again.Edit: Played againStill 10/10Would still play again.
,Recommended,242050,14971160,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Meatbug,"Arrr, ye pirates ;)Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag feels slightly different, than the other AC titles. Why's that?Well, first of all, the main components are still the same.You're playing as Edward Kenway, a pirate which ends up being involved in the Assassins vs. Templar war.The gameplay didn't really changed, as you're still running and parcouring around in third-person. Climbing up on lookouts, to reveal the map, collecting stuff like chests and animus fragments, doing assassination missions and following the main quest about a mysterious observatorium.So far, everything as usual. The one big thing which changed, or was rather heavily extended, is the ship you are sailing with.Already introduced in AC3, you're also getting your own ship this time (of course, what would a pirate be without a ship ^^), the ""Jackdaw"". With said ship, you're spending a lot of time travelling through the caribbean sea, hunting down whales and sharks, exploring sunken ships and underwater caverns, battling other ships and boarding them to get gold and ressources in order to upgrade the Jackdaw (eg. more cannons, reinforced hull, different looking steering wheels or sails).In my opinion, the part where you are sailing around and enjoying the dynamic day and night cycle, checking for profitable ships to hunt down or just enjoying the waves on the sea is the best part of the game.The Sea Shanties (your crew will sing along on the open sea) are also great for the atmosphere and pretty entertaining (i found myself singing along with them :D ).The story itself feels a bit bland and is starting off pretty boring in my opinion.But it gets better throughout the missions and there are quite some interesting and likable characters which improves the story after the beginning.The graphic is pretty good, nothing groundbreaking, but very atmospheric and it can create some beautiful moments, especially with the day and night cycles.The world itself is also quite big, with enough places to visit and roam around to fill hours and hours of gametime. If you don't like collecting stuff or repetitive missions/ship battles, then you might be bored after a while. Even though the ship battles feel quite dynamic, at some point, it's still quite the same (especially if you upgraded your ship and you're more powerful).Overall, i found it to be a ""different"" Assassin's Creed title, as i had the feeling that component wasn't overly present. I had much more fun sailing around and exploring, than following the main mission. But i think that's also pretty subjective. It's still a very good game and i would recommend it to anyone liking the AC titles and/or good action-adventures, especially with a very good pirate-flair.Now, drink up me hearties and get back aboard, treasures are waiting, arrrr :)"
76561197972791211,Not Recommended,242050,16284423,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Carbon Nanotube,"The game was fun, until uPlay deleted a 150+ hour save game file.  uPlay is a clunky, unnecessary, and poorly designed piece of software."
,Recommended,242050,9279795,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Quixotic,"Sadly as with all games in the Assassinating Creed franchise, this game was not about murdering the members of the post-grunge rock-band Creed. And although I am still disappointed with these circumstances, this game has good pirate stuff. Despite the disclaimer during game startup warning me that the game ""was designed, developed and produced by a multicultural team of various religious faiths and beliefs"", it's pretty obvious from the cobbled together abstract sci-fi ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it was made by French Canadians."
76561198021134581,Recommended,242050,16882470,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,urbanwalrus,"Before I start, I just want to address one thing:This is the best AC game I have played so far. And I'm a diehard fan of this series.Now let's start by a simple pros/cons:Pros:+The game doesn't take itself too seriously.+You really feel like you are a pirate, so careless and free to do what ever you want.+Almost no map limitations; after the few first missions, you are basically granted the opportunity to explore the world as much as you wish, which hasn't been possible in previous titles. And exploring is as interesting as it can get! Massive amount of islands, fisherman villages, caves, mayan ruins, plantations etc. And the game also rewards you alot for exploring.+Character design. Edward is an interesting main character and to be honest; there has never been a side character so cool as Edward Thatch, or well, as most of us know him as, Blackbeard.+Map. It's just... big. And full of places. After 50+ hours on the game, I'm still finding new islands to explore.+The amount of side activities. Ranging from the usual assassination contracts to defeating legendary ships, you will not run out of things to do.+Free roaming. Well, this isn't anything new to Assassin's Creed series, but the addition of freely sailing the seas and countering plenty of other ships to board and rob out of their cargo, this game takes freedom of play to a whole new level.Cons:-Optimizing is quite bad (which really isn't a surprise though), as the game will be somewhat laggy even on better gaming rigs. Don't expect too many FPS with high graphichs if your PC isn't top notch. It's not unplayable on computers that aren't as good, absolutely not, but you should be prepared for certain FPS drops and lowering your graphic quality etc.-The story is quite short (NO SPOILERS) and sometimes feels like it's a bit too much ""go there and kill him so we can be rich arrr!"". Story isn't bad, I really enjoyed it, but I still hope it would've been a bit more deep in some aspects.Summary:This has got to be one of my favorite games of all times, as it never fails to excite me. Are you a diehard fan of the series or just looking to be the ""deadliest scourge of these seas""? Either one, this game is for you! Enjoy!"
,Recommended,242050,9783826,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Glaceonice,"9/10 Game Play -The battle scenes are very shocking visual, compared to assassin's 3 it has a more perfect naval warfare system. Good stealth feeling. Great story.8/10 Graphics -With Anvil engine, not do perfect but the details of the game is also good. What's more we can run it smoothly.10/10 Sound -Game in each city have a sense of wonderful background music. And music with the exciting battle scenes is also energetic, give us the power to fight.8/10 Difficulty -People can easy to suit the controls, but if you want to do it well, you need to practice.9/10 Lasting Appeal -The story and the way of collection are long that you can spend tens hours play for it. What's short, the multiplayer mode doesn't change much compared to before, I think naval fighting could be better.Total Score - 44/50 Extrem Gut"
76561198138023004,Not Recommended,242050,30490128,Posted: 13 March,all,Hoodyman,"Before I bought the game, I saw those negative comments and I didn't understand why because this game is good.When I bought the game, I still didn't understand why those negative comments because this  game is great!After some days of playing the game (I played only 5-7 hours) well, I realized why.I'm not going to talk about how much the game bad and he has bugs, no, the game is great and has no bugs.I'm going to talk about Ubisoft.Ubisoft, The worst company I have ever seen. After  1 month I wanted to play this game, but when I connected to Ubisoft it showed me that I don't have this game. I tried to activate the key but it just said that I can't because this key already used. (I used it then)I tried to contact Ubisoft many times, (Their website, Facebook, and more), but as you can understand, they didn't even respond! I tried to contact steam with a very long message that tells everything that happened, but I don't think they even tried to read the message, they just sent me an email that says that I can't get a refund because I played the game more than 2 hours.Shame. The game is good. Ubisoft sucks.Thank you for reading this."
,Recommended,242050,32336073,Posted: 11 June,all,njeriumerimange,"I really love this game. That being said, when I play it, it's for the pirate portion not the assasin portion. Honestly I would buy other ubisoft games if they made them about pirates like this one."
,Recommended,242050,12576073,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Farsken,"This is possible the best game, in this game franchise since AC2. And it's a really a good pirate game too.Recommended to all Assassin's Creed fans out there. And those who want to give this franchise a try. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,242050,35029579,Posted: 17 September,all,LockeProposal,"Richly populated & extremely immersive // Recommended for AC fans & pirate fans alike+ Significantly less boring hand-holding in the main campaign than the previous entry of the series+ Reliably solid parkour mechanics; there were a few bugs & glitches, but were very minor+ Gorgeous graphics & detailed, immersive environments+ Very strong voice-acting+ TONS to explore; lots of environmental diversity, & does extremely well to encourage a sense of adventure+ Ship sailing & upgrade mechanics add a lot of depth to the game+ Exploration doesn't simply consist of empty fetch-quests & lookout points; there is a lot of treasure to be found & myriad activities to be done+ Naval combat seems to have found a comfortable middle-ground between simplicity & immersive completxity; it all feels very sensible to pick up, without losing the warmth of immersion (and it's VERY fun)+ Hunting & crafting mechanics actually felt useful & worthwhile (as opposed to AC3)+ This entry probably boasts the most interesting & likeable protagonist+ Huge playable area with a plethora of accessible locations+ Combat was about as solid as ever; didn't do much to innovate in comparison to other entries of the series, but certainly works well- This game requires uPlay- This game requires uPlay- This game requires uPlay- Though the main plot was not horrible, it felt considerably weaker than other entries in the series- SO MANY tailing/eavesdropping missions; personally, I've always found these to be more frustrating than entertaining- Though combat itself works well, the camera work was considerably less than perfectLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561197972146100,Recommended,242050,32422288,Posted: 14 June,all,THE_RaBiD_CanuK,"This games amazing. All the pirate glory you could hope for. I'm not a huge fan of the AC series, and this has some of the flaw of the previous games; However, the carribean setting is fun and beautiful, and all the unique features make this game a cut above the others:+Ship to Ship combat+Boarding combat+Whaling+Treasure hunting+Diving for lost treasures+Fleet management and trading+Sea ShantiesAll of these features combine for a fun and immersive experience. They thought of everything."
,Recommended,242050,7736471,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,☆ Rokiroco ☆,"Im not usually an assasins creed fan, but this game is AWESOME. Love the new setting and character! A must buy if you like the idea of an open world assassin pirate game. Oh and the graphics? OMG BEAUTIFUL :3"
76561198057933257,Recommended,242050,32862271,Posted: 27 June,all,Only Freeman,The best Assassin's Creed game is a game where you spend 90% of the game not being an Assassin.Ubisoft finally got it right.
,Recommended,242050,10469511,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,S A D O S,"I'm a fan of the series for many years and I love this series of games.Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag - a very worthy continuation of the series, perhaps even the best game of the series after the Assassin's creed 2. Great game, with a nice storyline, nice graphics and gameplay. Very good game.Guys, I advise everyone to play it! :)"
,Recommended,242050,12965540,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Cake,Better THAN Assassin’s Creed unity.EDIT: so many grammar nazis these days.
,Not Recommended,242050,15887380,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Skull Candy,"great game just sucks that Uplay destroys saves on a daily basis, worth getting if you know how to play it without uplay"
,Recommended,242050,10889924,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"Well it's not as good as the trailers would tell you, but it's certainly not bad at all.As usual the game looks great. I guess there's not much to add if you're familiar with the rest of the series.Well, the combat. It's hasn't improved, infact, it changed a little bit for the worse; it's not as spectacular as it used to be and feels kind of clumsy to control. The good part is you can have up to 4 preloaded pistols, so at least thát helps. Either way, you really should use all your tools in this game, they're totally OP compared to the lack of fighting skills.I guess it's because you play some stinking peasant turned pirate, rather than a trained assassin. Which is actually a nice change; being no part of either templar or assassin but getting in too deep to avoid the crossfire. The story does unfold quite nicely.The new things in this game are obviously the ship battles, gimmick from the last game. Well, not too surprising since they went with a pirate theme. Most of the game is either at sea, or in ports. A lovely addition to the sea travel are the shanties; a few drunks singing a song makes the trip more enjoyable, so it pays off to search for a few.The fun and yet frustrating part is boarding a ship to capture it. Somehow the controls suddenly go more wonky than usual when climbing the sails. Especially when there's a few waves moving the ship. And the decks always feel way too small with the amount of people getting in your way.But most of the boardings look really cool and are fun to do for a while.Then there's a whole new creature to hunt for; the Great White, and his nautical buddies.Although whaling is basically just chucking spears at the beast untill it stops flopping, it's pretty cool.  And the sharks do put up quite a fight.Oh, and another wonderful thing they added is; underwater levels. Because we all know how much people love underwater levels. They actually looks quite magical.Outside of the Animus there's a few computers to hack, and obviously a less action-packed part of the story going on. Strangely enough you seem to be an Abstergo employeé this time around...Although they really should've included all the DLC's if they wanted to ask such a high price for it, oh well, I bought it anyway when it was on a sale, I blame the pirate theme, ARRR.I guess I can't complain, all'n all, it's an entertaining game, pretty much worth what I paid for it. This damn franchise tricks me into buying it anyway."
,Recommended,242050,12632608,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,btecker,"Okay, first off, I want to say I love this game down to its core. Sure maybe it has bugs and frame rate problems, but this is still one of my #1 Most Favorite Game!Story: Amazing rich and emotional story though you are not tied to it and can go off and do whatever in the JackdawGameplay: This is where this game falls a bit. You constantly jump and climb on things you didnt want to. Though overall it's okayGraphics: When you are looking at moutains, ect. in the distance they somtimes flash back and fourth and also textures take awhile to load in, though other then that, the lighting, weather,water and textures are up at the top for this generation.Open World: Perfect, if you want to go to a bar and recruit some crew, to then go and invade a hideout and look the treausre to then upgrade your ship. Overall, I give open world 10/10Overall, I would give this game a 9/10 for its perfect story and amazing open world. I would recommend this to anyone who has a mildy good pc or any consel who wants hours and hours of good open world fun!-BlockbyBlock"
76561198020660448,Not Recommended,242050,18285137,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Rhoklaw,"Years later and neither Steam nor Ubisoft care to rectify the blatant disregard of not selling the product some people paid for with the Season Pass? I'm sorry, but when you openly state something as being included in the Season Pass and then refuse to add it to the Season Pass DLC, you are commiting a crime of false advertisement."
,Recommended,242050,7740827,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,=UWS= Oo-Nomad-oO,"I thought AC III was good, this bad boy blows it straight out of the water, Best AC game yet!! The game is huge with a tonne of things to do, has a great story, solid gameplay, naval combat is great and the graphics are brilliant, especially on the water! MUST OWN!!!"
,Recommended,242050,26863137,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The DoctorCZ,"I will sink just one more ship and then I turn it off.What about that one. I could sink that one too.Ok this is the last one.Or is that oneWait, What is it over thereOk no ships in sight well, now we can switch it offWhat is it I hear, Ok I will quit the game after this song endsWhat will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!Or I could sink that ship"
76561198086485451,Not Recommended,242050,18474788,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Gorramit,">Bought this game in a sale>Attempted to make Uplay account>Uplay was unavailable>Attempted to play Uplay in offline mode>Must sign into Uplay once to play in offline mode>Gets frustrated and requests refund for game that requires broken Uplay account>Steam support is unavailable at this timeSeriously, F**k off uplay, no one wants you. And valve you should stop accepting this bs.  Either have the game hosted via steam or don't bother.  From now on I'm personally going to automatically downvote any game that requires a 3rd party drm crap simply because its overcomplicated and completely unecessary."
,Not Recommended,242050,8034852,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,General Chaos,"I decided to delete my earlier review and write this one as I can no longer recommend this game due to Ubisoft and Uplay.First, after 56 hours of game play, my save game was lost. I did some research and found out a LOT of people have this issue. I decided to open a support ticket with Ubisoft so I logged in to their support site. I went through the 'Submit a question' option to explain the issue. When I click submit it take me to a list of possible solutions, none of which are even close, and says if these dont fix your issue click submit. Only the submit button does nothing. I click on 'My Questions' only to have no new questions there. I tried this three times and could not submit a question.I then went to the Ubisoft technical support forum to post about the Black Flag issue and the Submit a Question issue. I typed out my new post and tried to 'submit' it. It tells me I have to choose a 'thread prefix' so I choose one from their drop down box and click submit. It blanks out my thread prefix and tells me I have to choose a thread prefix. I think maybe this is a bug because I didn't have a thread prefix selected when I first submitted. I retype the entire post, choose a prefix and click 'submit' only for the forum to blank out my thread prefix and tell me I need to choose a thread prefix.I finally had to reply to someone else complaing  thread because I could not create my own. Uplay and Ubisoft have forced me to change my review as I do not want my friends to have to go through this crap."
,Recommended,242050,34560452,Posted: 28 August,all,"pass class, eat ass","Easily the best Assassin's Creed game, bar none.Lots of pillaging, raiding, naval battles, fort battles, Mayan puzzles, and even a bit of intrigue.And sea shanties. Lots of sea shanties."
,Recommended,242050,26485713,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Cloud Boy,"1. This game is a Legend /  a Timeless Masterpiece.2. Games Like this comes only once (or may be twice) in a decade.3. an epic milestone / a finest work of art.4. thousands of years Later, in the future, when this era of civilization will be Lost, people of new civilization will dig up this piece of software from far beneath the grounds,- even they will be jealous for what we have achieved now.......5. My Score- 9 /10"
,Recommended,242050,30091432,Posted: 21 February,all,Rasperri,GET RID OF ♥♥♥♥ING UPLAY
,Recommended,242050,9241328,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kenuty,"This was one of my top GOTY of 2013 due to the fact that it was the best out of the entire series up to date, and yes ENEMY DROWNS IN THIS ONE WOOO!Anyways to top it off some of the most memorable characters and music exist in this game, too bad they make very short cameo. As a player you'll be working in Abstergo and entering the animus to relive the life of Edward Kenway and you'll be sailing a large area of the Caribbean sea during the age of piracy. more than 40% of the game takes place in the sea which you'll be sailing and pirating.This is quite possibly the BEST pirate game up to date without the stereotypical aspects of piracy. Just traveling your boat around in the ocean is quite fun and the weather system is great+Graphic is great on this especially if you have the card to go farther and the monitor. Don't hate+Music is fantastic, so are the sound effects.+Water effects is WOW and the weather with the storm and winds is fantastic+The pirates sing shanty on your queue and it'll get stuck in your head+Voice acting is superb in this+Sailing for hours in the sea and just pirating people+ Sailing, Storms, Taking over Forts, Attacking epic pirate ships, WHALING AND HUNTING ANIMALS cough farcry 3 glad they brought that in, Undersea exploration and more.+- The costumes can either be ugly or great to some this is all depending on your preference+- Theres tons of collectables, sometimes can be quite a nuiscance to collect+-Some of the costumes are meh+- Same♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer, I played it in all creeds, all they did really was upgrade a new mode and added some new moves, it gets dry really fast after playing maybe a couple of days then you'll eventually forget it even exists. Wolfpack is interesting but gets dry.+-story was decent. Ending was super expected if you follow the series.-Some of the really awsome characters in this game make REALLY short cameos, Kid the pirate and blackbeard etc. They are fantastic and memorable but you didn't get much time with them to feel the connection- This game was bugged when it came out, I couldn't 100% it and drove me nuts-Not enough end game content You can only fight 4Overall a much better game than all previous games, will make it hard to replay the old ones if you touch this one, even going back to HD remakes will make you go bleh."
,Recommended,242050,19831597,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Captain Barbossa,"For the most part, Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag is a fantastic game. For ease of interpretation, I have decided to break my thoughts on the game down into a simple pros and cons list.Pros:The open world sailing/plundering/exploring while aboard the Jackdaw is by far the best aspect of the game.The main storyline is decent (aside from the classic Assassin's Creed ""outside the animus"" sections that everyone hates)Combat is fluid and easy to learn although it was very clearly designed for consoleAll of the enviornments are beautiful and well designedVoice acting was well done and there weren't too many NPCs with the same voices.The upgrade system seems pretty reasonable outside of the fact that, once you have enough money, you can basically buy every upgrade without putting in any work to collect materials etc.Cons:The game was very much designed for console which produces quite a few problems for PC users.The Ubisoft launcher is absolutely terrible and I have had several problems getting it to boot up properly. Also, you will be unable to play the game if your Ubisoft launcher has problems so there is no way to bypass this terrible system.Even with a fairly well built gaming PC, higher level graphics options are etremely taxing and framerate drops are common.Gameplay becomes repetitive after a certain point and the quests outside of the main storyline aren't anything to write home about.After you have maxed out all of the upgrades for the Jackdaw/Edward, nothing really presents a challenge.Very little replay abilityThe cutscenes for sucessfully boarding a ship are all identical except for the fact that they are re-skinned depending on if the ship is Spanish, English, or pirate hunters. This is quite annoying if you pillage more that 10 ships (you definitely will)I already mentioned this above, but the ""real life"" sections of the game where you exit the animus are TERRIBLE! Every time one came up, I found myself saying ""please end this stupidity so I can go back to the story that I care about."" Perhaps some people feel differently about these scenes, but most seem to agree that the game would have been better if they had been left out all together.Multiplayer is clunky and feels like an afterthought. There is no real opportunity to play with friends in the way that would actually be fun (a fleet of customized ships sailing around engaging in massive battles and accomplishing various goals)Conclusion:I really did (and still do) enjoy this game. There are very few high quality pirate themed games on the market and Black Flag definitely fills that need. The game is by no means a masterpiece of storytelling, nor is it a real divergence from the classic Assassin's Creed model. However, it is a ton of fun to play (especially if you love pirates) and the add-ons for the delux edition are worth playing as well. I would give this game a rating of 7/10 simply because of the clunky conversion from console to PC and the constant issues with the Ubisoft launcher. If Black Flag was as good on PC as it is on console, I would give it a 9/10."
76561198064370006,Recommended,242050,13000315,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,CountVerix,"Assassins creed 4 black flag is an awesome game. It has great combat, both naval and when dueling. I found the story started off strong but got progressively worse. However, I enjoyed the game far past the end of the main story [which took me 25 hours, your results may vary] and I ended up getting 75 hours out of it. The multiplayer is miserable but the end game content and side quests are great. For some reason I was capped at 30fps, DAMN YOUN UBISOFT! While I hated teh ending off this game it had a ton of solid content and the main questline had some outstanding moments gameplay wise. The side missions and exploration are even better offering stories of their own and allowing you to make your own story.Assassins Creed 4, Not revolutionary, but awesome! A solid 8.5/10"
,Recommended,242050,14405723,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,ownosourus,"The internet has a big thing for pirates so it’s quite amusing that we have never had a fantastic pirate video game. Sure, we have had games that use a theme around piracy, say Skies of Arcadia’s sky pirates or the pirate theme of The Secret of Monkey Island, but there’s never been one game that has managed to blend in the concept of being a pirate, exploring the ocean and visiting islands quite like how it is done in Ubisoft’s increasingly popular Assassin’s Creed series.Ubisoft has learnt from the blunders of the incredibly slow introduction that Assassin’s Creed III featured. This is great news for fans or newcomers, as it means people jumping into Black Flag don’t have to sit through hours of slow paced story plots and tutorials to understand the game’s mechanics. Within the time frame that it took the player to start playing Connor in Assassin’s Creed III, you’ve already learnt pretty much everything that you can do in the world of Black Flag. Even better is that the main character, Edward Kenway, the grandfather of Connor, is a much more likeable person. He’s got an aura around him that was missing from the forever-straight behaviour of Connor. The overall tone of Black Flag is much more light-hearted in nature, thanks to the comical and carefree personality of the Welsh pirate, which is on display throughout the game’s many cutscenes.Story wise, Black Flag takes place a few decades before the main events of Assassin’s Creed III, and is set in a vast ocean filled with the tropical islands of the Caribbean. It begins with Edward in the midst of a storm fighting with another ship, which just happens to house an Assassin. Things go horribly wrong and Edward is washed onto a beach, along with the Assassin that killed some of his crew members. Like any good Welsh man, he gets revenge and plunders his gear, becoming a pirate masquerading as an Assassin.The plot is filled with Assassins and Templars – it’s in the franchise’s DNA to do so – as they all hunt down a thing called the Observatory. What makes this story different is the piracy theme. Edward doesn’t care much about the Assassins or Templars and their thousand year war; he just wants to have the Observatory for himself, so that he can become the wealthiest pirate that ever lived. With no loyalty to either gang, you see Edward acquiring help from both sides as he tries to gain clues and figure out where this special place is hidden.Edward’s personality and the game’s theme makes the story an interest one, and it’s backed up with fascinating supporting characters that include famous pirates like Blackbeard (Edward Teach) and James Kidd. The sci-fi elements still remain – Abstergo are featured in the present time, as the player is put into the role of an employee working at Abstergo Entertainment. Near enough from the get go the entire game’s world is available to explore. There are some areas that are pumped with harder difficulty to make it less welcoming for the player to sail there, but once the boat is obtained, the ocean really is the only limit. The world is huge, and what is even more impressive is that it’s filled with lots of unique locations that contain plenty of secrets to discover.While it’s easy to get lost in discovering new land and finding collectibles, there are three major cities, Kingston, Havana and Nassau, that Edward will revisit on multiple occasions. Each city feels alive and distinct from one another, and all are packed with plenty of hidden collectibles to find.Black Flag builds a lot on top of the ship components of the previous title. You’ll take part in plenty of ship combat, but thankfully that has been fleshed out with better controls of the ships weaponry.You no longer need to remember what button launches what attack, as depending where the camera is focused will determine what weapon will launch. But Black Flag is more than just blowing up boats, as when conquered ships are on their last legs, the player has the chance to pull in and board the vessel. Once aboard, a required amount of crew must be killed before the ship’s goods become your own. There are plenty of side quests to do when out on the seas, such as hunting down whales or other creatures and using the materials gained from carving animals to improve existing gear, similar to 2012’s Far Cry 3.Combat is still easy, continuing with the comparable counter-heavy fighting system that we have seen in games like the Batman Arkham series, but with less fluidity in animation. A change to the interface means equipping gear is snappy, and using dual pistols is as easy as pulling the shoulder button to aim or pressing Y to shoot at an auto target. If there’s one thing the combat can pull off, it’s that it looks flashy when you have mastered the skills and are taking down a group of guys.When you’re done with the story and all its crazy additional side-questing, there’s the multiplayer that can be jumped into. If you’ve played the previous games, then you have an idea how it works. It follows the same principles of finding the target and killing them, while not getting stabbed by the people that are hunting you.What I did spend a lot of time doing is looking in awe at how beautiful the game can be. Black Flag looks fantastic on the PC, with some thirst inducing ocean and wave effects that are some of the best generated in a video game. The world also looks great, with a lot of detail going into making a believable incarnation of the West Indies, with quality texture work and decent models.Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag is an amazing pirate game, and also my favourite Assassin’s Creed title, which goes hand in hand with the more open nature of the pirate theme."
76561198070172303,Recommended,242050,12907809,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Aussie,I let my gametime speak for itself.
,Recommended,242050,26540156,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,GentlemanBastard,"Hands down my favorite game in the AC series, even if AC2 is arguably better as a whole. Being a pirate is just far more fun than being an assassin. Who knew?Game looks great, plays well, and fighting ships and upgrading your ship to fight bigger ships never gets old.One caveat: The game has some crap performance. Even after upgrading to a GTX 980 Ti, I was still only getting ~40 FPS.  UNTIL! I found a crazy fix that works. First, let NVIDIA control panel handle the VSync. The game's VSync is crap. Second, and it's really weird: After loading into the game, lock your computer. Then re-open the game window. This takes my perf from ~40 to ~60 every time. Don't know why. Doesn't make sense. It's some kinda weird bug, but by god it works."
,Recommended,242050,28348964,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,King Vegeta,"Let me first say that this is a terrible port.  If you meet the minimum or even recommended specs chances are you will not be able to play this game in an enjoyable state.  You will need something almost double the recommended to actually play this game at a stable framerate even on normal settings.  I've owned this game for a couple years & am only now getting around to playing it because it's just such a bad port.That being said, this game is actually really good & I wish I could have played it sooner.  It isn't without it's faults, however.PROS-Large Open World to Explore-Lots of Collectables & Unlockables-Fun Gameplay-Good Story-Ship BattlesCONS-Gameplay can be frustrating at times-Collectables are mostly used as a ""Gameplay Time Extender""-Some Story Missions are just kind of dumb or trial & error-Earning Money relies on ""Kenway's Fleet""STORYYou play as an employee at Abstergo Industries, a private company built on Animus Technology that records & edits genetic memory data to make movies.  You are part of a team going through the Genetic DNA Memories of Subject 17 who's biological history makes him one of the most valuable subjects for Animus Technology.  As you ""play"" through his genetic memories you soon find that things are not what they seem.  An ancient conspiracy emerges about an age old war against Assassin's & Templars bordering on the deranged shows itself & you are soon tasked by your superiors with finding out about something called the ""Observatory"" as soon as possible.  Playing through the memories, you are in the role of Edward Kenway, a Privateer/Pirate of the early 1700s who's friends with Blackbeard himself.  You must use all yours & Edwards resources in order to find out about the Observatory & what power it holds.GAMEPLAY & FEATURESThe game starts off witha thud that turns into a bang.  Eventually, after 4 or so hours, you are in the actual meat of the game with your own ship, crew, & island hideout.  Everything is upgradeable, but not everything is useful.  Your house, for example, has about 3 upgrades, all of which do absolutely nothing.  You get multiplayer rewards for upgrading it completely.  Yea, that's what we want from our Single Player games, Multiplayer rewards.  Anyways, not everything is all bad.  You can upgrade your ship, your weapons & armor via crafting & add other new additions to your island hideaway like hookers, a bonfire & a tavern.  Most of which are still pretty disappointing.  I bought the bonfire thinking it would be this big epic burning man celebration on the beach, but it turns out it was just a camp fire with people around it.  Whoopie.Upgrading your ship is the most important thing you can possibly do in this game.  You get materials for it by taking down other ships or raiding plantations stockpiles.  Each ship you take down you can either add to your fleet, lower your wanted, repair your ship, or just sink the bloody thing.  Sinking is easier but cuts your booty by about half.The Fleet is a sort of mini game where, each ship you capture can go on trade routes to earn money & random loot for your mansion to display or to equip on yourself or your ship.  I don't really like the idea of RNG loot systems, but this one's alright.  It's set up kind of like a Mobile game, where you take out enemy ships on routes, then send ships that are capable on the voyages which can range from 5 minutes to actual days to complete.  It's a waiting game, but it's also the best way to earn Money in the game.  I don't like that, if you don't use this minigame you are basically gimped for coin.  Money in the actual game itself isn't easy to come by & chests are filled with paultry sums that don't add up quick enough for what you need to buy.  In my travels in the game after about 40+ hours of gameplay I've maybe run across 40k total, while just sending ships out to do missions netted me over 100k by just turning the game off & waiting for missions to complete.Combat & platforming is also a mixed bag.  Sometimes it works perfectly, other times it's janky as all hell.  At times, Edward will run wild clinging to walls & jumping off of every little thing you don't want him to, while others he does exactly what you were trying to do.  During combat, sometimes counters just don't work & you'll be stuck in a quick succession chain attack by one enemy.  Others, they will always work & you'll never get hit.  The biggest issue I have though is how poorly designed the combat system is in general.  Simply attacking an enemy takes about 4x longer to kill than a counter kill, so there's really no point in attacking first as it just leaves you open.  You're better off just countering or throwing a smoke bomb & instantly killing everyone around you.  There are those cool bad♥♥♥♥♥moments when you are on a freeflow combo killing spree that make attacking worthwhile but it's just a less effective way of dealing with enemies.Then there are ship battles, which I must say are this games bread & butter.  Far more time was spent perfecting ship combat than the melee combat.  Starting out, you can't take on squat but as you upgrade your ship you will be able to take on the dreaded Man O'war vessels & even add them to your fleet.  Then there are the big Legendary Ships which are meant to be taken on only when you've fully upgraded your ship & those fights are doozies.  You get mortars, cannons, heavy shots, fire barrels, chain shots, & quick shots that target vulnerabilities you've made from other attacks.  Oh, and you can ram the crap out of other ships.  Once you get a big ram, you can pretty much monster truck your way over smaller ships with ease.  As you keep attacking ships, your wanted level goes up which summons Hunters, which get stronger & more frequent the higher level your wanted gets.  You can use your wanted level as bait to lure out better ships to add to your fleet or get more materials to sell or upgrade with.The crafting in this game is basically copy/pasted from AC3.  You'll need to hunt animals & use their hides to add/upgrade your arsenal & defenses.  The difference is now, you can hunt whales & sharks.  The best way for me to describe these fights are comparing them to the big aligator boss fight in RE4.  You harpoon them, latch on & they pull you around & dive down to hide.  Then, they attack your ship if you don't hit them in time.  It's almost the exact same formula from that RE4 boss fight, just replace the big crocodile with sharks & whales.There are also random events in the game like the White Whales or Trade Routes that give good coin or loot.  These appear as blue R-Boat symbols on your minimap & are available for limited times only.  Once found, they automatically share with anyone on your U-Play friends list so your friends can do them, too.  Not your Steam list, though.  So, if you have a lot of Steam Friends but not U-play the share feature is basically worthless here.Finally, the collectables.  These range from simple chests, to missions, to Animus fragments & there are a ton of them.  Doing them all will take a considerable amount of time & probably extend gameplay by at least 3x.  I say this as I remember the one mission that put 3 animus fragments in jump off points that forced you to treck back through the entire Island again after getting each one.  Literally, extending gameplay of that one mission by at least 3x.  Some collectables do this, others are simply put on the path so you can get them as you progress.  I don't know if there's a reward for collecting everything, since I haven't done it yet.OVERALLIf you are looking for a great open world adventure game with a Pirate theme & have capable hardware, then this is worth the buy.  It's frustrating at times but the pros do outweigh the cons in the long run. Just be aware that this game isn't perfect.  I'd go on, but I'm out of characters to type."
,Not Recommended,242050,18890987,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Idiot Info,"The game might be quite good. I don't know, as uPlay deleted my savegames multiple times."
76561197993919345,Recommended,242050,23404752,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Hobo McChicken©®™,"Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag sailed in on a wave of hype before it was released. It was the perfect storm of combining the ninja-like abilities of the Assassins with the Pirate life of the Caribbean in the early 18th century. The game became more open-world with a large open ocean to explore and sail, islands, ruins, and cities to explore, whaling to be done, shipwrecks to search, and the adventure seemed endless. After the newness of this game wears off, however, the game quickly turns into a grindfest and a lot of the excitement is gone, replaced by monotonous tedium.The person no longer takes on the role of Desmond (who was killed at the end of Assassin's Creed III) but instead becomes a faceless, voiceless worker at Abstergo Entertainment, a company working to turn the Animus Adventures into adventures for the average consumer. Your job is to explore the life of Edward Kenway (Hatham and Connor's ancestor) to turn into footage for a game about life in the Caribbean. Of course, the whole thing turns out to be another search for an old-world artifact: The Observatory, which has the power to change the world. Edward, who is neither Assassin, nor Templar, is just a puckish rogue who wants to make a fortune on the high seas. After having your previous ship destroyed, you chance upon an Assassin, Duncan Walpole, who was on one of the ships in the other side of the engagement. After chasing down, killing, and assuming Duncan's identity as an Assassin, Edward goes on his journey to find The Observatory.As stated before, the game goes from exciting, exploring the Caribbean and being introduced to the world, to having to grind a bunch of resources to upgrade your ship and your gear. The game also doesn't even give you one of the tools in your arsenal until VERY late in the game (and by the time you're given the tool, you use it for 2 missions and it's really not useful beyond that). Ubisoft still hasn't fixed the horrendous control issues that plague the AC franchise in its 6th game of the series. I don't know how many times I would be looking at something to jump to and the game would pick some arbitrary point in a completely different direction to send me. The game also loved to have me air assassinate a target on the ground rather than knock out a tranquilized enemy right next to me for whatever bizarre reason. When that air assassination forces you to have to replay a large chunk of the mission over again, it gets frustrating. The ending of the game felt really rushed rather than coming to a satisfying conclusion. The whole end sequence was more an exercise in patience rather than a real, honest-to-goodness boss battle as the level shifts and changes and you just sit and wait for it to get into the next position so you can proceed. By the end of the game, I was angry, frustrated, and beyond ready for the game to end.Although with all of its faults, AssCreed 4 was still fun. You just need a TON of patience and be ready to forgive the game for all the dumb decisions it's going to have you make. For instance, the game thinks that if you're in a place to jump up to the top area of a mast but also in a position to jump down 100 feet and almost kill yourself, the obvious choice that a normal person would make would be to jump down 100 feet and almost kill yourself. *facepalm*Final Verdict: 7/10[Final Edit: The game is also locked at 30 FPS on PC for whatever reason... No real excuse for that. My computer can handle the game at 60 FPS easily.]"
,Recommended,242050,30335518,Posted: 5 March,all,Jacky_My_Boy,"Best AC game,gameplay is great,pirates are okay,♥♥♥♥ UPLAY."
,Not Recommended,242050,19324670,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,pewpewpew,> Bought this game in the Steam Sale> Played for an hour> Restarted game later and save was gone> Found online others had same problem> Disabled cloud save and started from beginning> Played 20min and restarted game to be sure> Save game gone> Gave upSort it out Ubisoft.
,Recommended,242050,23718243,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Flavvy,"Assassin's Creed: Black FlagTo give you a rough idea of how much I enjoyed this game: 63 hours in, I lost my save to Uplay sync issues (forgot to disable cloud sync after reinstalling Uplay), and didn't actually mind having to start over from scratch. I can safely say that this game has single-handedly restored my faith in the AC series. It really taps into your inner adventurer and every new element seems cleverly designed to make you want to keep going, craving for more.Pros:Refreshing story that distances itself from the usual Assassin vs Templar plot;Matt Ryan does a brilliant job as Edward Kenway—and so does the rest of the cast;Kenway is a believable, flawed protagonist;Seafaring, upgrading the ship and exploring is fun and addictive;Hunting and crafting is straightforward and cleverly integrated to gameplay;Fast-travel to viewpoints makes things a lot less cumbersome and exploring that much more attractive;Interesting, less intrusive approach to present day storyline;Beautiful Caribbean setting, and very good-looking graphics in general;Rating memories feels productive (if true) and is well implemented in context.Neutral:Split between overly familiar side quests, and new and exciting ones;Kenway's Fleet doesn't reset if you start a new game;Some unnecessary capitalisation in the subtitles in a misplaced attempt to mirror Old English;Decent soundtrack.Cons:Kenway's Fleet isn't as fun a trading system as it could have been (especially ship battles);Cross-shaped weapon selection is less accessible than the wheel, in my opinion;Database is less handy to follow the story/catch up on lore than previous iterations (no ""Recent entries"", etc.)."
76561198074016624,Recommended,242050,26667455,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lysfendel,When I was a child I wanted to be a pirate. Now I can.
,Recommended,242050,22762253,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,ShadowedTopazLynx,"I love Assassins Creed. I hate UPlayI mean I didn't get the access code that it told me to enter >:/Sadly, I can't Game On this time :/"
,Recommended,242050,33795304,Posted: 25 July,all,★★★★★★,"What will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!Shave his belly with a rusty razor,Shave his belly with a rusty razor,Shave his belly with a rusty razor,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!Put him in a long boat till his sober,Put him in a long boat till his sober,Put him in a long boat till his sober,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!Stick him in a scupper with a hosepipe on him,Stick him in a scupper with a hosepipe on him,Stick him in a scupper with a hosepipe on him,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!Put him in the bed with the captains daughter,Put him in the bed with the captains daughter,Put him in the bed with the captains daughter,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!That's what we do with a drunken sailor,That's what we do with a drunken sailor,That's what we do with a drunken sailor,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!"
,Not Recommended,242050,19333836,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dabamash,"7 hours in. Closed game and computer. Restarted, save is gone.For an old game, why havem't they fixed this issue? Loads of people have it.♥♥♥♥ Uplay, ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft. You've lost a customer."
76561198085726117,Recommended,242050,12749848,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,bugs1025,"Black Flags is a AC game and has bugs because Ubisoft. If you are having a V sync issues or stuttering with constant drops to 30fps there is a fix and it gives you alittle more performance as well. You can either use the best method by pressing windows key+L to lock windows then unlock go back into game which gives you about 10% performance boost and runs smooth as butter or run the game as admin with Vsync and triple buffering conrtolled by the gpu but you will still get some frame drops here and there but it fixes the drops to 30fps. Another issue you may get is freezing for a few seconds while sailing. This is a glitch caused by FXAA so don't use it. Also SMAA blurs the water while moving. I recomend using your gpu pannel for AA or MSAA. Now to my review.Black Flag is not a normal Creed game. Mostly because its amazing, and no game with an ""animus"" in the story should be called amazing. The other AC games are good don't get me wrong I like them alot; but, not GTA, Fallout, Elder Scrolls, Witcher good. Black Flag is nearly just that. The mechanics in the game are polished and open exluding a few bugs. The graphics are top notch for 2013 as well and with SweetFx and 4k it holds up great . The naval combat is a blast :p, and the melee combat is great. My only gripe is it is restricted to typicall AC themes. I.E. don't be killing civilians, no taking someone elses ship and building that one up, limited to what weapons you can hold on to. I am a pirate so I should be swashbuckling stabby cut throat ♥♥♥♥♥ mongering drunkard fun. The story is ok, but sometimes unbearably in accurate how they portray real pirates(simular to ACIII with its horrible geography and historic figures), and they are just there to move the plot. Black Beard is NOTHING like he was in real life. This is a 6,5""+ 280 pound+ man who left his crew to die by grounding the Queen Annes Revenge to keep the money for himself. Ubisoft portrays him as average size, fairly nice, inept at piracy and loyal person. Don't even get me started on Black Bart.The whole animus thing is bearley a discussion and is still needless. They could have just made it you are a pirate, go and pirate things. No need for the same old story of made up blah blah in historical localations, but the open world lets you forget about that. Though you can never get a new ship or are able to capture one which is a real shame. Though you can upgrade the ship.With the world being so big and grand, and your crew singing while you sail its easy to get sucked in. (songs like Leave Her Johnny, Drunken Sailor and Fathom the Bowel I find myself singing at times to some odd looks from people) The mini games are a lot of fun and at times. I just like to play a game of checkers while listening to the ""live band"" who will play period music.(and each region gets their own songs based on the inhabitants. Like an English settlement will play old English and Irish songs like All for My Grog) Another gripe I do have for this game is its a bear to run. Most are lucky to see 30FPS@high res Ultra. I modded it and it tends to run around 45-50fps at 1080p with high on everything but shadows with an i7, 2gb nVidia, and 16gigs ram. So make sure you can run it if you are on a lower end machine or laptop. A 980ti will muscle it at 1440p at 60fps with sweet fx, but the gameworks features will need to be off because its gameworks. To maintain 60 100% of the time I need to drop a few setting down to very high even on a 980ti. For a 1080ti 4k is easily attainable but you will need to ajust your settings.  No joke this is one of the most stressful games to run with all of it's PC features. Black Flag is the one of two games of the series that was developed on PC then ported.(ACIII bring the other) Which is odd it still has bugs given it was made for PC. Since it was developed for PC it has a wide array of graphic options with many different setting to them. I guess none of this is surprising seeing how with ACIII Ubi forgot to add a resolution option in game!This is a game I would highly recommend to people who even hate the series, because this pirate game shouldn't of bothered with the name Assassins Creed #. No it is to good! This is just Black Flag to me, and Black Flag is great!!!!!!!!! Oh and for some reason I always seem to play this when I've had a few. It just makes the debauchery better I think."
,Recommended,242050,32808447,Posted: 26 June,all,Rusty,"TL;DRPirate's Creed = refreshing and funAssassin’s Creed = stagnant and boring(Note: I planned on adding my first impressions video to this review but Valve censored the link for containing the letters F V C and K! So instead, here's a dumb montage video of some of the glitches I came across during my play through.)https://youtu.be/EZVdLr8Sjk0By the third Ezio game I was suffering AssCreed fatigue and I quickly gave up on it. I’d played the two previous games in fairly quick succession but the similarities in Revelations were glaringly obvious by that point and I just couldn’t bring myself to continue. Even the lure of the wonderful architecture and the likeable protagonist couldn’t draw me back to yet another game with repetitive side missions, numerous pointless collectables and stylish but shallow combat.Also, tailing missions. ♥♥♥♥ tailing missions.AssCreed III never really appealed to me because of the historical setting and I only played a little of it. That game had a dull protagonist and a dull setting; with the architecture of 18th century America not matching up to what Europe had to offer at the time. This diluted the parkour, the one gameplay mechanic that might have kept me playing for longer.This is all a big preamble to me saying that Assassin’s Creed IV bought some of the fun back to the franchise for me, by making pirate ships a new core mechanic. The sailing and naval combat are a big part of the game and it’s good, arcadey fun. It also helps that the protagonist is fairly likeable, in a roguish kind of way (ala Ezio).Anything outside of the ‘being a pirate’ stuff is the same old♥♥♥♥♥Creed (worse in some cases) and it gets boring quickly, but the piracy setting and gameplay additions are enough for a recommendation.On a final note, ♥♥♥♥ U Uplay."
,Recommended,242050,12440431,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Deus Ecks,Why are pirates called pirates? Because they arrr
76561198028607092,Recommended,242050,22838565,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,BrenBrix,"Literally the best game I've ever played. At least, certainly my favorite game.I have never felt so immersed in and compelled by a game in my life. The music, the scenery, the world, the ships; all these combined perfectly to pull me deep into the world of the game.SHIP COMBAT: 10/10You have not felt immersion until you have stood at the wheel of a pirate ship dodging and blasting your way through a five-way naval battle in an intense gale. The ship controls are perfect, and allow you a huge amount of control over the Jackdaw. As soon as I got my ship, I spent days of real time just sailing around fighting, plundering, and upgrading; I can't get enough of it. I have played over 300 hours of this game and the naval combat has never once felt boring or stale; every fight is an adventure (provided you fight the ships in your ""weight"" class).I have beaten all the legendary ships. I have upgraded all aspects of my ship to 100% (including the legendary upgrades). I even went on a treasure chest hunt so I could get that special ship's wheel customization I wanted.All in all, this is the best sailing/naval combat game in existence (that I've played, at least).NON-SHIP COMBAT: 8/10You are rambo. Edward can literally take on the entire crew of a British Man-O'-War singlehandedly and win. The combat is fun and fast, but it's pretty much just a button-masher. If you're looking for an innovative hand-to-hand combat engine, you won't find it here (I'd recommend Shadow of Mordor). Also the game occasionally glitches, meaning you throw someone in the wrong direction, stab the air, etc (this is a rare issue, though). Still, the combat, and especially the boarding sequences (the game transitions seamlessly from naval combat to ship boarding; stereotypical pirate rope swinging included) is exciting and fast-paced, and makes you feel like you're in a less-silly Pirates of the Caribbean film.STORY: (7/10)For a non choice-driven story, this game really delivers. I felt very invested in Edward's character, and I felt that he underwent significant and realistic character development. Many people say they dislike the story because Edward is motivated by greed, but in my opinion those people have missed the point. This story is about a man achieving his dream of wealth, only to realize (SPOILER) too late that love and family are the greatest treasures of them all. I almost cried at the ending (SPOILER ENDS HERE).Frankly, I would have given the story a higher rating if not for the Assassin and Abstergo portions, which I found to be boring, uncompelling, and repetitive.WORLD: 10/10I've been to the Caribbean, and I have to say that this game's portrayal of the sea and islands is spot-on. The world is totally open, and the seas positively teem with trade and warships from different colonial powers (which occasionally fight each other) for you to plunder. Also, there are so many beautiful islands to explore that you can spend days of real-time getting through them all. Although the map is, of course, limited, it very rarely feels that way; you feel like the sea is yours to roam.SOUNDTRACK: 9/10As a music major, I hear a lot of great music by great composers. This game's music is right up there with those in some places. The music changes a bit too fast for my taste in some places (such as when you're going from naval to shipboard combat), but that's just a matter of personal preference. It's like Pirates of the Caribbean, but different.My only true complaint is that, sometimes, some of my crew sing a tad off-key in the sea-shanties. I like the shanties; they are catchy and add to the experience. But to be honest, off-key singing drives me insane. Luckily this isn't the case with all the shanties.OVERALL: 42/50 (84%)If you like pirates, buy this game. I would have gladly paid double the price if I had known how good this game was. My rating is not 100% because I feel there are some aspects of the game that could be improved. That being said, I repeat that this is the most fun I have ever had playing a video game."
76561198126248791,Recommended,242050,30477077,Posted: 12 March,all,Omega914,"The 4th iteration of the main Assassins Creed games, Black Flag is arguably one of the better titles in this exceptional series.Having put over 200 hours into this game over both the Xbox 360 and Xbox One versions of this game, I felt I should experience this game as it was truly meant to be played, on PC. While the port isn't the best ever produced, it was better than previous ports in the series.Pro's:+ Beautiful Graphics+ Smooth and Satisfying combat system that makes you truly feel that you are controlling a master swordsman+ Fantastic and detailed enviroment, one of the best in the Entire Assassins Creed franchise+ The Naval Combat is refined and gratifying. Immobilising a Man O' War, boarding it and slaughtering the crew is an adrenaline rush, that thus far, has never gotten old+ An atmospheric and masterfully composed soundtrack+ Long and detailed narrative that focuses on Edward Kenways search for the First Civilisation temple known as The Observatory. While a little too light on the whole 'Assassins Vs Templars' war that has been the focus of the series, I found it interesting and thought provoking none the less.Con's:- The port is a typical Ubisoft port, with frequent framerate drops being prominent throughout. Even with my midrange rig, 60fps at 1080p wasn't always that achieveable.- The main Antagonist is somewhat dull, with other villans in the franchise such as Cesare Borgia and Haytham Kenway being much more memorable and charasmatic.- The main missions require arbitrary optional objective's to be completed in order to get 100% sync on them. Unnecessary and unwelcome.- Combat System lacks almost any challenge. The majority of player will be able to defeat entire groups of guards without even getting hit. This is somewhat negated with the naval combat (taking on a legendary ship with only light upgrades is a sure fire way to load up Dark Souls for a relaxing and laid back experience).Overall, Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag is something quite remarkable. An exceptional game that came at a time where the Assassins Creed series, according to the vocal minority, was beginning to tread water. Fantastic mechanics and aesthetic design make this game a cut above the rest. Sailing around the high sea's, my HUD faded in the background, the sound of sea spray splashing against the hull and my crew erupting into Way me Susiana is a truly remarkable experience that I, among many others, will never forget. A must play."
,Recommended,242050,27109878,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BloodyEddy™,"A refreshing take on the Assassin's Creed series with a memorable protagonist during the pirate era, good gameplay, memorable characters, beautiful environments, a soundtrack suiting to my ears and last but not least great sailing mechanics and naval combat. This is the Ubisoft i admire (just like in the early 2000's) unlike nowadays."
,Recommended,242050,13396972,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Vortexash,"Assassin's Creed IV is very different to the other games in the Assassin's Creed franchise, which is why some people might critisize the game for straying too far from it's original purpose. However, I absolutely loved the game. Although Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag sets much more focus on being a pirate and sailing a ship, it definetely feels awesome to be an assassin pirate.There are lots of incentives to upgrade your ship and yourself, and to complete side missions and general activities. The story of Black Flag is definetely one of the best stories I've ever connected to (since the dialogue is almost always matched with the gameplay), and especially near the end you gain a deep understanding of the story.But of course, what's a good story without good gameplay? AC4 never dissapoints a pirate's wildest fantasies. I still remember the first time I rammed into a ship and swung onto the ship, wiping everyone out in a fury of pressing two buttons. The combat is rather bland and requires little skill, but feels really cool nevertheless.In the end, whether you've played every game in the franchise, have no clue about the games or just wanting to be a badass pirate, Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag is sure not to dissapoint.8.8/10P.S pistol-swords"
,Recommended,242050,35157170,Posted: 23 September,all,WildHareϟ󠀡,Yo-Ho-Ho and a bottle of rum
,Recommended,242050,28652750,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ivyτ,"the best AC game since AC2, possibly even better"
,Recommended,242050,28985295,Posted: 3 January,all,Complexkay,One of the few really good pirate games out there.
76561198019109594,Recommended,242050,13637902,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Soul Survivor,Wait...just...just one more ship.
,Recommended,242050,32983854,Posted: 29 June,all,Adidas,Best Pirate Simulator there is!!!
76561198049983872,Not Recommended,242050,14853028,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,CrowdControl,">Put in 50+ hours, think to yourself ""Man, what a great game. And Ubisoft isn't a♥♥♥♥♥♥"".>Turn up game next day, all progress lost.>cry>I'll give it Ubisoft/10"
76561198143560388,Recommended,242050,23179342,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Horn Drinker,That moment when you sail for the first time and realize you can go anywhere you want
,Recommended,242050,22309248,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Whiteswart,"Black Flag is a certain success. Certain, but not complete. The best word I have to describe that game is ""Inconsistent"".After the questionable third volume of the Assassin's Creed franchise, which was supposedly the last in the story... AC IV should have been very bright, sparkling with the story, the main character, the combination of all already invented game mechanics and a good addition of newer ones. It was really supposed to add something fascinating to the Assassin's Creed Universe.Ubisoft crafted one of the greatest and interesting games with ""Pirates"" topic - and some even say ""the best pirate game of all"". With that they failed to recollect the loose ends of that precious, yet quite dubious Creed of assassins. Speaking ahead, in the next game of the serial, the Rogue, Ubisoft went even forward with messing the cornerstones and adding as much blur to the main AC story as possible. What was intriguing and inspiring at the first and second volumes of franchise, the inheritance of the former race, the main quest to save the world from global apocalypse... all that becomes quite gaudy and messy, t the point when none care about the main quest at all. Oh well, let's cut the story, in the end it just dropped hard and shattered to bits and pieces - spoiling the overall impression even worse than the end of the Mass Effect III.As of the Black Flag in general, though... it is normal and even delightful open-world Ubisoft game, with the robbers from the main road posed as valiant knights in their crusade. Only with such goals to fulfill as the thirst for gold and blood and fear, and without the shadow of vengeance for their misdeeds... You may assume now what I'm not so high with pirates as ""good guys"". Well, I'm not high about the killing in the first place, but that can't stop me from admiring the Assassin's Creed serial for the impact on the gaming world that Ubisoft originally made.So - yeah, with all said, Black Flag is a damn-good gaming experience, with intense action both on the land and on the sea. Great naval battles, the chests with gold and other prizes spread along the big territory of West India... Black Flag is a one fine adventure.It has some flaws, sure: the main story and some of the game features quite illogical and even spoiled. Like hunting with the hidden blade - before you acquire one. Like the quests from assassins which you can take right after arriving in the first city - a friggin year before the story actually tells you to do so - and with that, the diving sequences (which would be so natural to free-riding adventurer before he messed with Assassins) comes closer to the end of the gameplot. In my game, I've conquered all the forts, sinked one of the legendary ships, and done about 80% of other free-riding before I was permitted to finally bought the diving bell. It is so messed in my book, that only non-explicit word I have about it is ""inconsistent"". Yeah, I said that already, I know, I know...Some major glitches known from AC III and even previous titles - disappearing ships, leaving big holes into the water, for example. Or people stacking into supposedly solid structures, like walls and roofs. Sometimes during the missions you can try to perform something supposedly legal by game's rules, but not lined into the given quest scripts, like jumping into other bush than you were aimed to... the game crushes. Sweet, right?Well, with all said, I'm still highly recommend the Black Flag. Even if you're not down with all that Assassin's Creed fuss, that game stands aside. It's a fairytale 'bout pirates, rum, treasures and exceptional bravery of the seamen, with glorious naval battles and very complex (even if a bit unstable) open-world experience.My mark is 8.7/10 - I enjoyed almost everything but the occasional (not frequent) bugs and bits of logical flaws here and there during my gameplay.PS: As of DLC Freedom Cry - take it, if you have a thing in saving black people from chains (even if gets repetative quite fast). Or if you enjoy the melee combat by AC rules, as there will be new and fine moves with big mean machete. If only there were decapitations in the fighting engine, Adewale would be a perfect resemblance to the ""Machete' movie... Blunderbuss is cool thing to wield as well, yarr! Just don't expect from Freedom Cry the deepness even on the level with Revelations. It's just a short DLC campaign for a black assassin, saving his people from slavery. Worth 6.9/10 mark, I guess."
76561198026967461,Recommended,242050,34415577,Posted: 22 August,all,bitnykk,"Prolly the best AC ever released in this long licence serie. Its aquatic open world and interactive ship battles, started as side activity in the previous episode but improved and centered around in this one, is the strong point. Ever wanted to be a pirate ? There you are !"
,Recommended,242050,17048213,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,C#Shared,"Its been a while since I completed this, looking at it today I realised I hadn't wrote a review, so here goes!Black Flag is definitely my favourite Assassins Creed title to date (I haven't played Rogue or Unity so I can't comment on them) the different combinations of side quests and missions kept me interested through most of the story. It is strange to think how long it has taken for there tofinallybe a great pirate game! And I really do emphasise on the word great. Sea exploration, battles and challenges are a wonderful addition to what I considered a pretty flat series. Assassins Creed looked destined to drag out the series with pretty much the same-as-normal routines that you would expect in most of Ubisofts titles, but Black Flag truly surprised me. I was immediately drawn to it when I first heard the inclusion of ships & battle. In fact this reminded me of when Total War finally brought naval battles into the game, I would spend hours enjoying it - just like Black Flag, it brought all those great memories back.Very refreshing and nice to be able to come back to (first had this on PS4) I'm looking forward to getting round to playing Rogue and Unity to see if Ubisoft has been able to keep up with this excellent title.PS: As a side note, Uplay is horrendous (as we all know) many times the game did crash, or Uplay decided to Notplay. It definitely became frustrating but overall didn't dampen my Black Flag experience too much."
,Recommended,242050,13321505,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Redprint #2525,What will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?Early in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningShave his belly with a rusty razorShave his belly with a rusty razorShave his belly with a rusty razorEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningPut him in the longboat until he's soberPut him in the longboat until he's soberPut him in the longboat until he's soberEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningStick him in the scrubbers with a hosepipe on himStick him in the scrubbers with a hosepipe on himStick him in the scrubbers with a hosepipe on himEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningPut him in the bed with the captain's daughterPut him in the bed with the captain's daughterPut him in the bed with the captain's daughterEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningThat's what we do with a drunken sailorThat's what we do with a drunken sailorThat's what we do with a drunken sailorEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morning
,Not Recommended,242050,34671254,Posted: 1 September,all,God of Tits and Wine,"I actually loved this game when I played it a while ago on PS4, but I wasn't playing it on a PC. Uplay is absolute trash, and I shouldn't have to rely on being able to connect to Ubisoft's god-awful servers just to play a game I bought.F*ck Uplay and f*ck Ubisoft."
,Recommended,242050,12653776,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,LemonKush,I love this game it is by far the best assasins creed for a while. I would recommend this game to almost anyone.
76561198088043670,Recommended,242050,30383527,Posted: 7 March,all,akash944,"one of the best AC game I have ever played.best graphics, great gameplay, epic ship battles, 9/10."
,Recommended,242050,35145037,Posted: 22 September,all,Jamal,It has sea shanties
,Not Recommended,242050,14928903,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,SephiaSky,"Don't like:-Forcing me to create Uplay account.-First time I started the game, it crashes.-Turns out that the game had crash issues for quite sometime now. And, the game still crashes.-They don't reply to my support ticket. So, I am screwed and they get a big laugh with my money."
,Recommended,242050,29451453,Posted: 23 January,all,TNH | ZERØ |,"Before I get into this review I'd like to adress a situation with AC3.AC3 followed the story of Revelations where it ended off, Desmond woke up from his coma and was off to another new adventure.In AC3 you overall got also introduced to a new Assassin Connor which most people call him uninteresting or lacking in terms of what Ezio had in store for you, but you shouldn't really put much blame on AC3 because of the Assassin design and what his atitude was in general.Connor in my honest opinion was a brutal as hell Assassin, a loving and caring person when it came to his natural enviormeant the Village and the Homestead, but a literall devil on the battlefield, characther design and atitude in general were pretty good and didn't lack in anything if you understood the point of his characther overall.AC3 overall was a pretty great game can't be top tier like AC2 or BF but it was a pretty great game in general.Now for BF.BF is either Great, Terific, Amazing, Glorious or God tier. It's pretty much an undescribable game for me really I enjoyed the hell out of it as a fan of the franchise for a long time, the overall core gameplay of it was smooth and fast paced and it was just an adrenaline rush in its own ways.The game offered us a better and more extende Naval Combat system which we have been asking for from AC3 and its probably the most fun you could also have in the game, the game in general is mainly covered 60% sea and 40% land making the Naval Combat one of the more important aspects of the game.The Naval Combat in BF is far superiour than what other Pirate/Ship battle games have and its quite alot of fun to just destroy the hell out of some giant fleets.Now overall the story and characther of the game.In BF the story picks off some time latter from AC3.Overall your characther is unknown as he is some kind of employe working for Abstergo as a double agent of some sorts since you technicaly share intel with the Assassins troughout the game in the modern day missions of the game ( Shaun and Rebeca ) overall the modern day segments are covered in a first person perspective and are just a bit odd, fun but odd, the fun thing you could really have in the modern day segments is just randomly collecting some QR codes and hacking PC's, yes hacking is a thing in this game, the hacking is pretty fun altough it repeats the same short minigame of either switching frequencies, turning a line from point A to point B in order to unlock the file or just a simple cracking the firewall type of game, pretty short but they are also pretty fun in general.The story of BF takes before the actions of AC3 so that means your way behind playing as the grandfather of Connor Kenway.Captain Edward James Kenway or as people called him that started off as a privateer at the begining of the game, overtaken for the lust of having a better life, greed is his main priority he takes as he pleases and doesn't give a rotten damn about anything, but hey thats the usual which you expect from a pirate, but troughout the game thinking that he may be some bad characther he overall isn't, he did get a bad reputation with both secret organizations but overtime learnt the morals of which had taken him quite some time to understand, over that course he sought to fight along side the Creed and follow its morals. He also was technicaly the founder and Grand Master of the English Assassin's Brotherhood. He grew to be quite a likeable characther in my opinion atleast.The core gameplay of it is as same as it was in AC3 with a few difrent changes to fit the playstyle of a pirate, duel wielding cutlasses and owning 4 flintlock pistols is the deal with AC4, the naval combat also has been improved from AC3 and also making it the main thing in the game.The game adds another important characther to it the Jackdaw which is your ship that you sail trough the Caribeans plundering and taking as you want, it's important that you take of your ship as it becomes quite the game changer if you upgrade it to max and all.Overall the game is good it'll take you aroudn 20-23h to complete that is if you spend next to no time on the naval contratcs, templar hunts, assassin contracts and such oh yeah and upgrading your ship which will take you quite a while to find the parts as there also a new mechanic added to game called Treasure hunting, you can find treasure maps from dead or unconcious corpses stranded on the shores of the locations you discover, each treasure map will containt either gold or an upgraded plan for the jackdaw and some aditional gold, sure gota love that pirate feel afterwards.Anyways got a bit offtrack there.The game at its base is great and all has a very small amount of glitches ( exclude the sinken rising ship thing which ocasionaly happens with the Jackdaw ) and so fort.The gameplay is great and is just amazing in some sense as you feel like a genuine pirate with the tools at your disposal.A much recommended game and also a favourite in my category as it just captures everything you could need in an AC game."
,Recommended,242050,25018813,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,S T A R B O Y,"The Assassin Creed Franchise has had its up and downs, but ACV is absolutely an up. This game is extremely fun and I recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the previous games. The ship combat has improved and the graphics are beautiful. This game is probably my favorite in the franchise so far."
,Recommended,242050,28451006,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,pitazpitz,"By far the best experience I have ever had in an Assasins Creed game, and arguably, the best Assasins Creed purchase I have ever made. I think they should focus more on adventure in their next game than the action, leaves a much more appealing and lasting experience. A must buy for any serious gamer, just watch out for the settings though, needs some high-end hardware to run it on ultra 60FPS FHD."
,Recommended,242050,34053942,Posted: 5 August,all,"DEI NO MI AS ""LEL""","Best AC franchiseWasting my time just for sailing around nowhere enjoying the view""Prepare the Jackdaw""*Brace for impact*Aye Captain !!!"
,Recommended,242050,21365778,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Wicked,"AC IV: Black FlagThis is my best Assassins creed i ever playedPositive+amazing graphic+great open world experience+nice easter eggs+Combat is pretty easy and have cool finishers+Game have a few very emotional moments that maybe make you cry+Great freerunning/Parkour control easiest to run, climb+lot of swords, pistols, clothes for you to choose+great ship controls, ship attacks+amazing water effects+great Kenways fleet rewards that cant get in cracked version :)+nice Island features you can buy once you get a Island+great diving experience very realistic sharks+great story, it show how Pirates want money and all that stuff+nice ship upgrades, It helps attacking stronger boats+and of course once you reach 100% complete of game ll cheats are unlocked, great experience fighting against law while sea want to kill you too :)+community is great+I recommend add some friends on Uplay, much easier to play, friends can speed your fleet, share social tresures etc.+after finishing game very touching momentsnegative-If you play without friends finding social treasures are like needle in haystack-why did ubisoft kill Mary she was good :(-eavesdroping is only thing I hate in all game but its cool-UPLAYIf you didnt played this game you dont know what you missing"
,Recommended,242050,31336048,Posted: 24 April,all,Nut | F1AK,"Do you like pirates ?Do you like Assassin's Creed ?Well this is probably the game for you. Having said that, the game does not really feel like Assassin's Creed. It is essentially a full-on pirate game.Pros:- good pirate feel- nice visuals and soundtrack- good naval combat and boarding etc.Cons:- the usual FPS issues (fine in parts, but with random drops)- not much Assassin's Creed to itAll in all, I'd recommend it more as a pirate game, if you want Assassin's Creed, go back to AC2 etc."
,Recommended,242050,14276306,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ank,"Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag is an action-adventure stealth game with open world environment from Ubisoft. It is the next installment in Assassin's Creed series and a prequel to Assassin's Creed III in terms of storyline.Desmond Miles is dead, but his legacy continues. An unknown Abstergo Entertainment employee is doing research on Desmond ancestors in the familiar machine called Animus based on Desmond samples where he dives into the history of the one of many fearless and notorious pirates, Edward Kenway.Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag like Assassin's Creed III, get some gameplay change and improvements again. Most improvements are very good and makes the game more fun and entertaining. The story takes place before the event of Assassin's Creed III, you play as Edward Kenway, grandfather of Connor Kenway, and a father to Haytham Kenway. In some location in this game, like in the city of Havana, we can go back to the building climbing style of gameplay, while in most location where it's not a city, the tree climbing still present a lot. But the best thing this Assassin's Creed has to offer is sea battles, piracy. While not on mission or on the way to mission location, you can engage and loot Spanish or Her Majesty ships, fleets or convoy and loot them for money and resources. Ship-to-ship battles has been improved a lot in this game that most of the time you will forget the mission and do some piracy instead. Sometimes I wonder how a small Brig can take down 2 big Spanish Galleon without a scratch and live to tell the tale. But those moment are awesome. But that just only one of many new features in this game that you can try. There are other things you can do like hunting sharks, wales or any of those extinct fish, explore undersea shipwreck and gets eaten by sharks, attack and conquer Spanish and/or British coastal forts, or maybe you just want to play checkers here. Sadly the Assassin's Brotherhood feature has been taken out in this game and replaced with Kenway's Fleet new mini-game. But many of these features are great, and there is still more to see.Graphics of Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag, for me, I don't know, I don't see much difference with Assassin's Creed III, except the effect on the sea. Sea can be very unpredictable here, sometimes the waves are calm, sometimes you have to face a small tsunami or hurricane which will damage you beloved ship. Performance of Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag is good, I haven't encounter any bugs or glitch and the game runs smoothly.In multiplayer, mictotransactions are back, I don't know why Ubisoft do that, but it's not like you have to buy them, so no harm done here.Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag, in my opinion, is the second best Assassin's Creed after Assassin's Creed II, ever. I recommend this.Rating 9/10"
,Recommended,242050,33171255,Posted: 3 July,all,PotatoPower864,"Without a doubt, this game is one of the best Assassin's Creed games in the series!- Amazing protagonist!- Great naval gameplay!- Loads to do!- Beautiful and massive open world!- And last but not least... sea shanties!"
76561198068116543,Recommended,242050,22926883,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,raz3 KLEJNOT NILU,"Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free,You are a pirate!"
,Recommended,242050,34434319,Posted: 23 August,all,CabicoPT,"Finished the story like 3 or 4 times... never gets old! Love it! Installing again for one more time, with a few new DLC's.Assassin’s Creed® IV Black Flag™ is an awesome game with a great story. It has great combat, both naval and when dueling. The end of the game content and side quests are great. The side missions and exploration are great, offering stories of their own and allowing you to make your own story. Really recomend this game!"
,Not Recommended,242050,14931535,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,KuroKun,"DO NOT BUY. Ubisoft's Uplay is a broken piece of software. Since it implements an always online DRM, this often makes the game completely UNPLAYABLE (broken ubisoft servers, buggy uplay software crashing, etc.). Steam should never have allowed something like this to be even in the store. i always crashing after launch the game.. ""ac4bfsp.exe has stopped working"" and i cant find solution for this.."
76561198067808906,Recommended,242050,27781728,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,London,"Possibly the best pirate game of the current gen and one weird Assassin's Creed setting ever. But hey, it works. What's great about this game is almost purely from its pirate element. Be a pirate captain, upgrading your ship, shooting ships and looting stuffs. As Ubisoft knows one weird good thing they made in AC III was the ship battle system. In term of gameplay, it's a very good action-adventure pirate game. Graphics may not be as good looking as their newer titles but the sea looks just fantastic. Also, it should run pretty decent on any modern PCs now. Only downside of the game is its medicore storyline that hardly related to previous games. Although good news is you don't have to play any of the those to play this. It's just another war between assassins and templars at Caribbean sea."
,Recommended,242050,18949660,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,🔱Dovahkiin🔱,"Featuring an array of leisure really titanica, Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag has characteristics which should always be at the heart of every game at free exploration, which is a cohesive and credible, and many secondary activities to justify the roam around the map. If to this we add a compelling plot, well placed in the historical context of reference and fun to follow, the result is a chapter of the saga able, finally, to stand up to the second episode for innovations, the centrality of sea life, and content density. Sorry didn't see the same courage in facing some of the ancestral deficiencies, such as the combat system, weapon anchored again always limits, but the renewed emphasis placed on stealth reminds us that the soul of the Assassin's Creed race much more again on a concealed blade, compared to a sabre in combat. Just twelve months away from the third chapter, the qualitative leap also brings a pleasant surprise, with Ubisoft who, unexpectedly, one of the best signature entertainment products that the saga of the killers has ever offered to fans."
76561198031083803,Recommended,242050,35271327,Posted: 28 September,all,Alguaciles,"FOR EVERYONE THAT HAS PROBLEMS WITH UPLAY !!!Just donwload uplay directly from your internet browser, install it on your computer, and then use the Game Key to link it to your steam account. I just did that, and it work fine."
,Recommended,242050,13488059,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ch3rt,"[to be read in a calm voice]This is my first review of the game, that I didn't play (till now).  So why am I writing this?Because UPlay.Don't get me wrong: AC4 is probably great. That's why I bought it.But it needs UPlay and here problem begins. I neither need it nor want it, no matter what it offers and whats more important - I simply don't believe it works. And now I have one more reason for it> after you download about 30GB, it needs to connect, you can't immediately play in offline mode. When UPlay doesn't work, you are screwed. If there is a server maintenance, overload, DDOS or just anything wrong, you are screwed.Today UPlay doesn't work for me (trust me, I tried all the usual stuff as reinstall and so on..) and I know it's not Steams fault and all that is because a thing I don't like, I don't want and I don't use.It's my fault. I broke my own rule.For a long time I don't buy games, that requires 3rd party stuff. I never had use for them, didn't create even more accounts, avatars or profiles. And I never will. Also I'm an old fart so I remember those days, when if you bought a game, it wasn't ""right to use it for period of time on specific service"", it was actually _YOURS_.  Thats why I love GOG and Indie developers so much.Steam is a different story, but it's a sevice that I CHOSE to use. Also I honestly think it tries to improve itself and I get the feeling Valve loves gamers, do not treat them like enemies that must be punished in advance, because ""pirates"".Do I recommend this game?Of course I won't hate it just for what happened to me. But in order to help you with your decision, all I can say is:  ""Please, take a few seconds and think about WHAT and WHO do you support"".Next time I will. Breaking of own rules is stupid, anyway."
76561198057566481,Not Recommended,242050,16284829,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Croak90,"Full price not recommended, on sale maybe, see below.The only reason I got the game was for the naval combat, and it's honestly the only thing about the game I like.The BAD:I witness a ""big"" bug almost every time I go do a story mission. Minor bugs are endless and everywhere. Combat is awful and occasionally will completely stop working and you'll just flick your swords until you either die or resort to your pistols. Shoutout to the GENIUS developer who decided you can only attack when an enemy is highlighted. And then making the highlighting mechanic camera reliant. Btw, the camera is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥too. And don't get me started how it locks when you're being rushed through an underwater current while trying to dodge stone pillars and spikes. Really nice how you can't move the camera to see in front of you. The free-running is equally as horrifying, where you'll run up a wall next to you while facing the camera away from it forever if you don't force him to stop and walk away. Meanwhile running up a fallen tree requires 5 years of training and planning and a runway strip fit for a WW2 bomber. And sometimes he still decides to jump off the ledge next to it or just stop at the base completely. Basically, almost every mechanic seems broken or untested when you play enough. The story is AWFUL and completely unimpressionable. Half the time you have only a vague understanding of what's going on and why you need to be somewhere or doing something.Now here's my gripe specifically for newcomers to the Assassin's Creed series. Ubisoft's decision to make this an AC game was probably the stupidest ♥♥♥♥ up in the entire game. If you enjoy immersion may want to try somewhere else, cause you play as a guy playing the memory of his pirate ancestor. If you get this I don't need to explain any more, if you don't get it no amount of explaining will help. Moving on.The GOOD:Naval combat. It's satisfying, it's exciting, and it drives you to upgrade your ship as much as possible, which supplies gameplay. Only downside is how boarding can result in the bugs you get everywhere else (♥♥♥♥ing parkour glitches). Also, the Legendary ships are a teensy bit cheap. One has undamageable sides so you have to hit it from the front, back, or from above with mortar. Another consists of 2 level 75 Man o' Wars that fight you by working together and getting you inbetween them and ripping you apart from both sides (good) but as soon as you kill one the other proceeds to do its best to sit on you, with speeds impossible to match. So basically you have to kill them at the same time, or damn near close to it. But anyways, on sale for $20 the naval combat is planty to make it worth it. Had I bought on full price I'd be taking advantage of Steam's new refund feature.The OCD:Do you Hate people who Type like this?or people who don't capitalize anything that should be like british or captain blackbeard?Well whoever wrote up all the text in the game: subtitles, tips, everything, was BOTH of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S in ONE box!!!!! :D"
,Recommended,242050,13882629,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,I AKU!,"Black Flag is going to be the last Assassin's Creed I buy and I've liked the series since the original (Yeah, I actually like that game). Why you ask? I mean after all I've played more than 50 hours of this game, I clearly didn't hate it. There's a lot to like here, the pirating is fun, especially because there's been barely any good pirate games ever since the remake of Sid Meier's Pirates and that was ten years ago. Edward Kenway is a likable protagonist that doesn't give a crap about ancient aliens brought to you by the History Channel, he just wants the British and Spanish to donate to his retirement fund by giving him all their sugar and rum. It's also a atmospheric game with some nice exploration, finding everything will definitely keep you busy.The thing is though is that the game is still plagued with frustrations, that while they don't straight up ruin the game, prevent it from becoming truly great. This mainly comes through the old Assassin's Creed gameplay of platforming and combat. Black Flag is jank as hell when it comes to platforming. Assassin's Creed always had a bit of clunky platforming at times but this is noticeably worse. Coming off of Shadow of Mordor proves this to me even more, Mordor was utterly smooth while in Black Flag it wasn't uncommon for the controls to sh*t themselves causing me to plunge to my death. The combat is also worse than the Ezio trilogy due to the sh*tty camera which was way too zoomed in which allows enemies to cheap shot you off screen. Enemies also have too good priority, being able to see you and hit you before you react sometimes. The future plot is at an absolute nadir here with an obnoxious metaplot that’s far more annoying than Desmond’s stuff ever was and I always thought he was the worst part of the series. (Though I never played 3)All this goes to show that Assassin's Creed really isn’t improving and I assume 3 has ruined the series from here on out. But ultimately do I recommend this game? Yes, I do. Despite all the problems it’s a solid sendoff for the series seeing is that Unity and Rogue clearly aren’t helping to prevent the series' downward spiral. It’s definitely worth your time if you’ve liked the series up till this point and/or want a new pirate game."
,Not Recommended,242050,19336201,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,This is definitely SoFlo,Can't even play the game because uplay is offline and can't even register my key.
76561197966009245,Recommended,242050,33675398,Posted: 20 July,all,MusruM,"More Black Flag, less Assassin's Creed plz!A bit more info...While the sailing and piracy portion of this game is what you'll really enjoy, I did find myself getting on shore to do some storyline quests to unlock the diving bell, etc and grab sea-shanties. (Those guys are like a ye-olde iPod and you'll want as many shanties as possible because I guarantee you're going to be singing them..)I'm not sure when it happened but at the end of the game I realised just how engaged I was with all of the characters, something I didn't intend for and haven't found in a game for a very long time. They even managed to fix escort missions! Though, the parkour  / prince of persia style locomotion system is still a bit crazy at times, more than once I found myself stealthily walking behind my prey ready to strike when they finish pushing the narritve along with endless dialogue and suddenly our protagonist would decide to grab onto a ledge 2 feet away and just hang there while guards notice and proceed to poke him with beyonettes...That said, the save points are incredibly frequent without making the game seem like a press X to win, the environments and combat are amazing and this is some quality story telling that will sneak up on you without ruining whatever pirate shinanigans you decide to take your crew on."
,Recommended,242050,19461838,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,VIPERITE,"Great game, so many nautical miles better than Connor Kenway's story, piloting a ship was the most fun part for me I actually think I spent more time at the helm of the Jackdaw than chasing down the storyline.A warning though, make sure you disable ubisofts cloud server sync AND always run uplay as adminstrator (a bug still wuth the latest AC games), I found out the hard way after a 44 hour save file up and disappeared, now 87 hours in I have completed the story and roughly 90% complete on the whole game.Much recommend, Game itself: 9.5/10, it would be a 10 for me if the bloatware that is uplay wasn't present, alas the frenchies try to match big boy steam and can't even code their cloud servers correctly.Anyways, back to the high seas for me YARRRRRRRRRRRR."
76561197976624159,Recommended,242050,33939261,Posted: 31 July,all,PilzEtosis,I came for the Assassins but stayed for the shanties.Seriously. Those shanties.Grand Theft High Seas with Shanty FM .This is the only AC game I ever go back and repeatedly re-install and play through....because I missed the shanties.
76561198052185866,Recommended,242050,14755950,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Donmegawatt,"I couldn’t get into the Assassin Creed games. The illusion of choice masking linear gameplay and limited options. Too much running around, hiding, waiting out pursuit timers, easily obtainable goals, climbing towers, and shifting storylines that killed my suspension of disbelief.But I kept buying them cause:•	The attention to detail was astonishing.•	The user-interfaces were so well thought out.•	The tutorials were thoughtful.•	The fighting was pretty fun.•	The characters interactions with the world reminded me of the Prince of Persia games,•	The historical touches were engaging and the voice acting was excellent.But I didn’t play them more than a few hours cause I got bored.So “Black Flag” went on sale, I scooped it up cause my brother said it was decent but I let it sit for months cause I thought it would be more of the same.I have to give Ubisoft some props. This game is more expansive. There’s more freedom. More sense of accomplishment and I’m just having a good time. It’s polished like all the other games but some of the island scenes are just knock-out beautiful … it’s transportive. I’m loving the sense of exploration, the pirate songs, the layers.This game is an incredible accomplishment and I’m glad a gave the franchise another chance. Well worth a look for any action, adventure, or even RPG fan like me."
,Recommended,242050,34601656,Posted: 30 August,all,spudiator,Brilliant game definitely a changing point for the series however it should be noted that sometimes your ship will disappear however this is easily fixed by rebooting the gameFantastic scenery and textures
,Recommended,242050,13070384,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,BattuMan,Best Pirates of The Caribbean Game !
,Not Recommended,242050,9270577,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,My name is not important,And welcome back to Ubisoft's ultra-paranoid always-on DRM hell. Note to self: Stay away from ubi.
,Recommended,242050,9035100,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,HydraKid,"A pirate that is an assassin - killer that is a killer, what could be better ?!)"
76561198121495543,Not Recommended,242050,19966475,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,rob schneider,Uplay deletes my saves after every time I play.10/10 IGN
76561197989081537,Recommended,242050,25642036,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ESTlander,"This is by far the best Assassins Creed game. I used to play ""Sid Meier's Pirates!"" from 2004, Back then it was the best pirate game ever made. Black Flag is basicly the same game but with updated graphic and a new story. The best thing about this game is that most of the stories are based on true events that actually happened back then. This is like ""playing a history book"" :)I recommend this game to all pirate lovers who like hours and hours of fun :)10/10 points"
,Recommended,242050,12171439,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Marek Rosa,I really enjoy playing Black Flag. The start of the game with a ship fight was spectacular.
76561198122739086,Recommended,242050,34705185,Posted: 3 September,all,dridhaswana,"By far the best Assassin's Creed game. It has good graphics, good gameplay, and amazing environment i really recommend you to play this game."
76561198059252725,Recommended,242050,23020254,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,DR.SMOKEY,Pirates are awesome and so is this game.Also ♥♥♥♥ Uplay.More like UDontplay.
,Not Recommended,242050,14898692,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Willdell,uDontPlay
,Recommended,242050,16347085,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Yureina,"Yeargh!I had high expectations for this game after all the positive things I had heard about it. Though I know all too well that sometimes those things that alot of people think is great, to me, are far less so. Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag is... not one of those cases. This game is awesome. Period.It helps considerably that Black Flag shakes up the AC series which was in desperate need of something new and fresh. AC2 and ACB were awesome, but ACR added little new and AC3 seemed to have forgotten it was a game series that does killing better than managing a homestead. About the only interesting thing AC3 did was add some naval missions, which was a first for the series and ended up being the highlight of that game for me.And it only got better in Black Flag, as it had better considering this game centers around the ""Golden Age of Piracy"" in the early 1700's. A time when the Spanish Empire was still strong in the Americas, but the British were fast becoming dominant as well. As usual, you meet a fair number of historical figures here, and this time it's a more colorful cast for obvious reasons. Your main character, Edward Kenway, is a Welsh pirate who, in his desire for wealth and to support a family back home, decides to venture to the Caribbean to seek his fortune. As far as AC protagonists go for me, Edward is a close second to Ezio as being characters that I really like, being much more interesting than his grandson Connor from AC3 ever was.Story and characters are good here, but it's gameplay that makes this great. Black Flag is, in essence, everything you could ever want in a pirate game. Lots of rum, buried treasure, fights, and, most of all, sailing around in a huge open map able to attack and plunder as you please. As far as sandbox games go, there are two types: the kind that have giant interesting open worlds that I can explore for hours without getting bored (Fallout 3, Skyrim, most of the Saints Row games), and others that end up leading me to just play the main missions because I see little reason to go exploring (Oblivion, Sleeping Dogs, some previous AC games). Black Flag is the former. I spent so much time just wandering about that I had to force myself to do story missions because I would otherwise never finish the game.Oh, and one highlight worth mentioning: money is actually useful in this game. Unlike past AC games where you used cash to do some management thing or improve your house, you need mountains of cash to improve your ship, which only encourages you further to roam the open world causing mayhem. I hope future AC games take this approach because renovating shops or doing trade is at odds with the action gameplay, and using the cash to further the gameplay you actually do is good.This game isn't perfect though. The story missions are decent, but too often involve tailing missions where you have to follow some tosser without being spotted. A few are ok, but they seem more common in this game than in past AC games. And compared to the glory that is open world pirate action, following some tosser through the streets of Havana or Kingston is completely uninteresting. I also had a few bugs and one crash, but this is hardly the most unstable game i've ever played. My new monster PC ran this game great on max settings, but for others it may be a different story. Lastly I can do without the hunting and whaling stuff, if only because I don't like killing huggly animals. :(Except sharks. ♥♥♥♥ sharks. Also ♥♥♥♥ Uplay for simply existing. And having achievements separate from Steam ones.Anyways, this game is awesome. It might even be the best AC game i've played. It's certainly comparable to AC2 and ACB. For those who saw the series stagnate after those games, Black Flag is a sign that there is still life in this franchise, and that maybe there are more great games to come from it. We shall see. :oYeargh..."
,Recommended,242050,26606621,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Gunnur,"Good story, good gameplay but everybody just wants to remember the sly cooper pirate battles."
76561198042825670,Recommended,242050,13020508,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Zake,Too much water 7.8/10
,Recommended,242050,30731243,Posted: 25 March,all,Renaissance Dude,"This game is great. You can do anything a pirate can. I didn't get bored even for a second while playing it.Ending was really sad, great and sad."
76561198004109639,Recommended,242050,31007892,Posted: 7 April,all,erikszpyra,"Easy the best of the Assassin's Creed franchise, and that is saying a lot, although some of the series is, to be kind, bad. You really get the sense of being a pirate, every man's dream, and it somewhat historically accurate. I loved seeing this old carribean towns when they were first starting, for example Jamacia with it's surronding jungles and flauna and animals. Walking amound the ruins of the earthquake. Small towns that of course are now huge. It's all great from a historic standpoint alone. I also had fun just running around pushing people in the water. The ship battles are great, and yes although you are a bit of a superman, the fights are still fun. One of the most fun games I played in years. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,242050,23859399,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MiniatyrOrm,"Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag doesn't really want to be an Assassin's Creed game, and I don't blame it. It seems keen to shrug off the oblique, convoluted lore surrounding the eon-long Assassins vs Templar power struggle, which managed to reach new peaks of ludicrousness even after that bit in the second game when you punch the Pope into unconsciousness in order to access an alien hologram. Black Flag stuffs all that into a box labelled 'whoops', throws it down a deep, dark hole and sends you on third-person free-running murder missions on the high seas instead. By Blackbeard's bushy eyebrows, that is a welcome move.You are Edward Kenway, a rogue who loves money enough to leave his girlfriend in port and sail to the West Indies in search of a vast fortune. In the opening scenes he steals an Assassin's hooded garb and wristblades and accidentally falls in with a crowd of Templars, a team of comedy evil caricatures led by a bearded grand master and backed up by a plate armoured man-ogre who throws axes at people. They're searching for the Observatory, an ancient device that enables its user to see the location of anyone in the world at any time. The Templars want it because it'll make coups easier, the Assassins want it to stop the Templars, and Kenway wants it because it's probably the most valuable thing on the planet.If that sounds a bit removed from piracy and plunder, don't worry. After the two-hour hand-holding tutorial section – mercifully shorter than in previous Assassin's Creed games – the Observatory is relegated to distant long-term objective status, and the story refocuses on the building of the pirate paradise of Nassau: a lawless little utopia maintained by a collection of criminals seeking respite from the attention of the law.That means Kenway isn't exactly an Assassin. He has all the free-running, jumping and killing skills of the sect – a genetic bonus, it's implied – but his relationship with the series' morally ambiguous order of murder monks is fractious. That keeps the plot's severest absurdities at arm's length and lets you just be a pirate and do pirate things. Hang out with famous brigands like James Kidd. Watch affable rogue Edward Teach become an unhinged, scenery-chewing Blackbeard. Sail across the ocean, rob ships, fight the British, take sea forts for yourself, harpoon whales, explore large coastal cities such as Havana and raid ancient Aztec ruins for treasure. All this in a beautiful tropical open world that's at its glowing, hyper-detailed best on PC.On land, much is familiar. Hubs such as Havana and Nassau are large, but there are no urban spaces to match the size and spectacle of Rome or Constantinople. A shame, certainly, but there's still a huge amount to explore in scattered settlements across Black Flag's massive archipelago. You'll sail between stilted pier towns tucked away in rocky alcoves, tropical islands sprinkled with treasure chests and larger townships like the manicured, orderly haven of Kingston. As always, you have to climb to high perches to scout sections of town, revealing chests, stores and sidequests in the area, the latter including a welcome increase in open-world assassination missions and warehouse raids. These place targets in open areas patrolled by British or Spanish forces and invite you to solve the problem creatively.Such missions feel closer to the original vision for Assassin's Creed than the scripted story segments which, while much improved over Assassin's Creed III's restrictive and buggy offerings, are still rather over-reliant on lengthy follow tasks. To raid a warehouse, you must first scan the area for the key holder, pickpocket it off him (or rob his corpse) and then make your way to the door without being shot dead by elevated musket snipers and roaming guards. Stealth has been tightened up to make this more interesting. Pervasive jungle foliage offers constant cover and targets can be marked using Kenway's magic 'Eagle Vision' mode, which lets you track guards through walls – a serious advantage, yes, but you no longer have access to the silent, ranged instant-kill throwing knives that made similar challenges trivial in previous games."
,Recommended,242050,7842407,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,J o n e x,"“Absolutely breathtaking” is a very good way of describing Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag, from my experience at least. I’m very happy that Ubisoft decided to go back in time to a very interesting period in history, the Golden Age of Piracy. Not only does this game visit a stunning Caribbean setting, but there are also numerous enhancements to the gameplay and graphics. I’ve put about 30 hours into it so far and I’m 60% towards total completion.In Black Flag, you can sail your own pirate ship, and explore a vast Caribbean sandbox consisting of uncharted islands, shipwrecks, and 3 major cities. There’s a vast open ocean to travel across, but the new convenient fast travel system has eliminated the annoyances of fast travel in the previous games (such as finding a fast travel point in order to fast travel). Now after discovering a location, you can quickly travel there at any time you wish.Each of the cities is different in its style and residents. Visiting each of them gave me the feeling that I was visiting a different part of the world. Havana has the Spanish theme, Kingston has the English theme, and Nassau has the Pirate theme. I was very impressed with the amount of detail put into each location. And this can be said for the more remote areas such as the jungles and beaches. A lot of work was put into making the environments feel genuine.The gameplay has been slightly improved since Assassin’s Creed III. There are many new tools to use (some are REALLY neat), and new animations for fighting sequences. The enemies feel more dangerous than they did in previous games, which are good because I always found the combat to be a little too easy :P Black Flag has made sure to keep the fights challenging.The graphics are another point worth mentioning. The Anvil-Next engine looks even better than it did in Assassin’s Creed III, which is to be expected, but it went above my expectations. The new weather system features full night and day cycles, complete with the most intense storms I’ve ever seen in games. Nvidia users get the full experience, with TXAA anti-aliasing and improved PhysX, though Radeon users still have a great looking game!A big reason I bought this game was because of the story, which is AAA quality as usual. The Templar twist in Assassin’s Creed III still beats anything that Black Flag has thrown at me, but that doesn't mean I’m disappointed. There are many famous pirates that some history buffs will go crazy over. Your character Edward has one hell of a journey turning from pirate to Assassin and even plays a Templar for a while. It’s very well thought out, with real events being tied into fictional events, part of the Assassin’s Creed universe.There’s so much more for me to talk about, but if anyone has made it this far, you’ll probably be sick of this fan boy rant. If you enjoy the series, you won’t need this review. If you’re unsure, I would take a risk and buy it. There’s so much to do, and a great story to boot."
,Recommended,242050,23723810,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Aboar,"Good game. The first game i played on my new pc that blew me away with the visuals and gameplay.yarr, beware because this game runs bad on my pc so be carefull in the high seas. Nothing is true everything is permited.10/10 game5/10 pc port"
,Not Recommended,242050,14944621,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Overlords,"The game crashes EVERYTIME you open it, AT THE STARTING SCREEN, when it says connecting to Uplay server. You can't play this game. Period.EDIT: Go to the installation folder, delete the ""dlc_10"" folder. You have it, it's weird but it works. My review is unchanged, cause I got no support from Ubisoft, this is a community workaround"
,Recommended,242050,14883960,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Art,"+Great graphics+Good optimisation for a sandbox game+Interesting story+++++Naval combat+Pirates and exploration+Decent game mechanics with some minor flawsI don't like Assasin's Creed games, but this is the exception."
,Recommended,242050,17792052,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,hodie,"Best entry in the series since Ezio and Altaïr; though you might tire of the rather same ol AC formula the open world sea borne shenanigans are some of the best fun you'll have in an AC game, be it diving wrecks for treasure or capturing mechantmen and navy vessels for profit all to the sound of your crew bellowing out shanties..I met the finest Ram, Sir,that ever was fed on hay."
,Recommended,242050,23130801,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Anchiii,Brilliant story line!- Very engaging and addictive! Althought the side missions can get very repetitive
76561198068011855,Recommended,242050,23139040,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Techmonk,"I am torn on whether to recommend this game. The reason for this is because I love the game itself, but it is just so poorly optimised. The game itself is incredably fun, and I love pretending to be a pirate. Plus, as a history buff seeing people like Edward Thatch (aka blackbeard) make me nerd out a bit. On the other hand, it is a uplay game. I could barely get my game to run at 30 FPS and had several bad glitches. So I am going to go ahead and recomend this game for its sake, but just be prepared to deal with uplay."
76561198028994834,Not Recommended,242050,8803492,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Space Boy,do not buy because uplay drm
,Recommended,242050,9327222,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Nifty,This review along with other reviews from the steam community can also be found at the new grouphttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/reviewboardAssassins Creed 4 : Black Flag restored a little fate in the Assassin's Creed line after the (spoiler for the Assassin's Creed 3)The death of Desmond Miles but for me this was devastatingand the horrible character of Ratonhnhaké:ton a.k.a. Connor.  But our newest unknown main character a research assistant for abstergo entertainment seems to have some unknown potential.  But enough about him our true main character Edward Kenway a man who wanted to hold the world hostage and take what was owed to him or so he thought and became a pirate and lived by the pirate code and unwittingly lived by the iconic assassin's code: Nothing is true; everything is permitted.  Edward does start off a little lackluster and takes you awhile to get into his character and the many flaws he does have.  (spoiler)Not being a true assassin or even joining order at the end of the game. I knew he had joined at the end but felt like it wasn't a strong revelation for him to join.The story was strong in spots and weak in others and felt a little jumpy from certain missions to the next mission.  Towards the end of the game they mentioned its been six years and you are like wow really.  One of the downsides of the game is how Ubisofts loves adding those treasure chest and the run after an item like almanac sheets in the third and now music sheets and animus fragments.  I personally am bored with because all the games have had something along these lines but the plus side no feathers in this game. Same way with the fighting mechanics you basically just spam the same  button combinations over and over eventually I would like to see a combo fighting style installed in the games to keep it fresh.  The open world/sea was a amazing you will spend hours raiding ships.  Till the awe factor wears off and I mean hours because it was fantastic and the world was so huge.  If you didn't have the fast travel it would take you days (over exaggeration) to get from one location to another.  The naval part was one of the prizewinning features of this video game it was grand.  Legendary ship battles will have you shouting for joy once you defeat these monstrous ships.  Now the other downside to Assassin's Creed: Black Flag was the every so often how you would find the hole in the world and just free falling to your death.  The climb your ship from the sea and just fall through and be stuck or the gaming loading and you and your crew fall in a big empty ocean where your ship should be.  And the occasional graphic glitch where you need to exit the game completely and start again.  These were more annoying then anything on just how random they were.  All and all AC4: Black Flag was a excellent game and as a huge fan of the series I do recommend this game even though the gameplay and style hasn't changed much since brotherhood.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/reviewboard
76561198085490650,Recommended,242050,14510828,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mikey02,"I in turn love this game and Ill explain why.Parkour: The parkour of Assassins Creed 4 is similar to the outdoor free running of AC3 but with some great changes. First you don't just randomly start climbing a wall when running. It feels very smooth and clean but a notorious run up a wall and jump off that is terrible.Combat: The combat is relatively easy unless you come across an officer or heavy soldiers. These special soldiers can parry and counter attack. The two swords make the fighting very interesting with some bad♥♥♥♥♥animations. The pistols are slightly unrealistic because when you reload it does the normal reloading animation then does the same animation 2-4 times depending on how many pistols you carry. The pistols have great variety and are made for every players needs.Combat Extended: One of the weapons you come across is the blow gun, it can shoot 2 profectiles, a sleep dart(Knocks them out for a period of time) and a Beserk Dart(It makes the victim start attacking others. You also have an array of odd weapons. Such as the throwing knife(Self Explanatory) and the Rope Dart. The Rope Dart can be used to hang or pull soldiers to you, I didnt use these much but when I did they were extremely useful. You also have two hidden blades.Gadgets: Some of the gadgets or items you get include the: Smoke Bomb and Money. The smoke bomb stun and blind soldiers whilst the gold draws civilians with means you can blend in.Ship Gameplay: The ship gameplay is acclaimed and overall extremely fun and diverse. The weapons you have include the: Mortar(A long range upward firing cannon that shoots a shell that explodes over the target spewing it with cannon balls.), The Chain Shots(Used to fire at sails and slow ships), Round shot(Normal Cannon shot) Heavy shot(A flaming cannonball of close ranged death) and the swivels(After you make a solid hit against the the solid part of the ship, it leaves weakpoints that the swivels fire at dealing massive damage). After you decapicate a ship you can board it and have to kill crew and/or cut a flag and/or kill a captain and scouts. After doing this you can repair your ship the Jackdaw or send it to your fleet, you can also lower your wanted level(If your wanted level is high enough pirate hunters come after you.).There is also assassin contracts which involve killing a target, bonus for remaining stealth, Naval contracts which you hunt down ships. You can also save pirates and unlock taverns.Story: The story is brilliant, there is character development is solid as titanium, and the story in general is SIMPLY BRILLIANT. Nope, no spoilers.In conclusion this game is the best in the franchise."
76561198169326250,Recommended,242050,31177017,Posted: 16 April,all,Scarce,"I ran straight into a group of 10 enemies. I killed them all with the power of button mashing. I am a true Assassin, Master of stealth."
,Recommended,242050,30960825,Posted: 5 April,all,Frezzan®🏆,"Campaign:    9/10Graphics:      9/10Fun Rate?:    10/10Possibilities: 10/10Amazing game, maybe bad optimized but with my 1060 i can actually run the game maxed settings (PhysX,vsync off) in 60-61 fps."
,Recommended,242050,14106255,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,hmm,Like Skyrim but with Pirates.
,Recommended,242050,23527321,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,271films,"Great game, but I gotta give a shout out to the other reviewers who were complaining about Uplay. There's a little more to the installation than usual, but if you download the current version of Uplay FIRST, then come back to Steam to buy the game, you can plug the CD key in and you're good to go. It's been fun! Just proceed with caution."
,Recommended,242050,31400817,Posted: 27 April,all,ShakeDrizzle,"How far can you stray from home before it's impossible to ever return? That's the question at the heart of Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. It's something that plagues Edward Kenway, the game's roguish hero, as he explores the Caribbean in search of wealth and the dream of returning to England a more respectable man. But for as much as Kenway longs for the day he can leave the pirate life behind, the freedom of the open sea is a difficult thing to resist. And who can blame him? Because after this stunning and beautifully realized tale of adventure on the high seas, it's hard to imagine the Assassin's Creed series returning to its landlocked rootsThe world of Black Flag is nothing short of remarkable. This is the most expansive setting in the history of the franchise, a virtual rendition of the West Indies that encompasses all manner of burgeoning colonies, Mayan ruins, and deadly jungles. Cities like Havana and Nassau reflect the series' trademark attention to detail, from the stonework cathedrals of the former to the ramshackle taverns of the latter. Then there are the remote islands inhabited by nothing more than crabs and sea turtles, underwater shipwrecks waiting to be explored, and vast stretches of sparkling Caribbean waters that are every bit as deadly as they are gorgeous.Indeed, what makes Black Flag so special is the way it captures the thrill of sailing the open sea. It's more than the spectacle of a humpback whale leaping into the air and spraying the deck of your ship, or the sound of your crew breaking out into a sea shanty just as the sun is beginning to set across the horizon. It's the feeling that there's always something out there to be discovered, rewards waiting to be captured no matter who's standing in your way. 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,242050,9586783,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Lord Mathias,"The possibilities in this game are absolutely wonderful.. if you have no problems at all. I had to turn off every spesial feature in the graphics and turn down the resolution to the absolute minimum, and it still lags as hell. (That is just my computer though).I cant connect to Ubisoft's server (I waited for 45 minutes and 32 seconds), which makes it impossible to progress further in the game after inspecting Kenway's fleet. Also, you can only save by checkpoints and you have to start at the very beginning of the mission if you have to quit. Any form of mod is also impossible. These parts would be, in my opinion, much more enjoyable if it was more like Skyrim or Fallout, where you save your games manually and the mods expand the gameinfinitely.The idea of this game is fantastic if you love the Caribbean Pirates, and its amazing that they try make a game based on that, but the technical♥♥♥♥♥♥is just horrible."
76561198080212166,Recommended,242050,7807715,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[DUSTY],"Игра удивила.Игра затягивает. В игру хочется играть. Графика высший бал, интересный мир, новые геймплейные элементы, да и сам Эдвард тоже меня удивил, корабли, куртизанки.На абордаж! Грабить торговые корабли - это круто! Много нового оружия, персонажей да дофига всего. Мне игра понравилась.Покупайте, играйте)))"
,Not Recommended,242050,8324256,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Punchingshrooms,uplay will SCREW YOU OVER!!!!
,Recommended,242050,30308423,Posted: 3 March,all,Hitman Actual,"As far as I'm concerned this is the best Assasins Creed to date. It has a unique setting (Nassau), and really feel a lot different to all the other Creed games. (Which essentially all feel the same, Boston feels like New York feels like London). But this one, set on the ocean and the island surrounding Nassau really feels like a breath of ffresh air."
,Recommended,242050,29596242,Posted: 30 January,all,Akka,"The best in the seriesThe twenty-four hours I spent playing seemed to melt away like sweet, tender meat. It's almost like I was having FUN. Unlike most games in this franchise, this game sports an evenly staggered mixture of unique gameplay elements. Half the time you'll be engaged to the classic stealth assassinations, but for the rest you're swashbuckling on the high seas.Every tedious moment I spent in an obnoxious tailing mission is well worth tolerating as a means of later getting to the real meat. The Piracy. I was bombarding a huge fortress when during the middle of the fight a MASSIVE rouge wave surged from the horizon, demanding my full attention lest I capsize.All the while shells rang out overhead, scattering upon my ship threatening to sink me as I took on damage and water. Enemy reinforcements were soon upon me as well and I was running out of ammo--so I rammed my ship into one of the enemy boats, scuttling it but not before swinging onto their deck and stabbing fifteen people in the♥♥♥♥♥♥like a boss. I cannibalized the ammo and ship parts to repair my own boat and continued my assault on the original base, which I soon saw explode spectacularly as a hail-fire of mortar and cannonballs converged upon it.My ravenous crew wasted no time invading the twisted burning wreckage of their base, climbing through the rubble to sword-fight the survivors as they furiously poured out against me. After planting my knife into the head of the commanding officers I broke into the war room and punched the ♥♥♥♥♥ commander in the throat.The seamless combination of boat combat and traditional melee fighting make this the best game in the franchise. If you play one game in the series make it this one.I like this game more than I hate UplayUplay is a tremendous dumpster fire filled with bodily fluids and dead dreams. If you release a game on steam, you're only doing yourself a disservice by forcibly ""integrating"" uplay into it."
,Recommended,242050,15847649,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Venterivia,"Sail Ahoy Comrade!!ACIVBF is the 1st AC that I want to finish quickly. Aside because I want to finish because witcher 3 is incoming, the game itself is kind of stray from the line of the creed.To wrap the story, it's about a man that dreams big about adventure and get rich fast so he sail to the sea to become pirate while leaving his beautiful wife behind. All to find the plundering as a pirate that he was doing is wrong and he lost his way. At the end, the Assassin's Creed made him realise that he was wrong and help him back to his way, and don't forgot his daughter come to meet him so he really realise that he's wrong and try to become a good father. Happy EndIt's better to name this game a different title, the story is not about Assassin's Creed at all. It's about pirate and plundering, while adventuring meet the Assassin's Creed and Templar.While I complain about the story and the concept, the gameplay itself is fantastic. All the pirate game that I have played, this is the best so far. It got adventure, sailing ship, diving, parkour, and don't forget RUM! But there isn't any woman that I can have a way with (LoL).To wrap my review, this ACIVBF is a nonconsistent game. While the gameplay and the graphic is good, the story and the concept is stray from the line of the creed.So for you that following the AC series, this game somewhat explain a little what happen after ACIII, but the story itself is not really good.And for you that haven't play the AC series, this game should be remember as a Pirate Game, not an AC series.**Spent so much time in this game as a pirate than an Assassin (LoL)**"
,Not Recommended,242050,8357467,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Nulious,"There seems to be some sort of glitch it might be my computer but my friend had the same thing. when I start up the game and click play on the uplay launcher it just shows me a black screen for like an hour then says that it isn't responding.Honestly I want to play it, it just won't let me."
76561197971562414,Not Recommended,242050,15239985,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Korsobar,I love the idea of open world sailing games.  I liked this game despite not really liking the console-style climbing/fighting/stealth genre of games.  I liked it right up until Ubisoft deleted 150 hours of game progress from their cloud service.  Since then I hate this game.
76561198040917213,Recommended,242050,16728851,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,adamage42,"Easily in my top 10 games of all time list, this game is worth buying to hear the soundtrack alone. I adore this game to pieces! The main, and one of the only things that bothers me, is that the cities feel quite lackluster and don't have much personality like they do in earlier Assassin's Creed games. Other than that, they took what they had created in Assassin's Creed III and developed it into a true masterpiece. I can heartily recommend this game."
76561198110693492,Not Recommended,242050,18897996,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ErCabrero,Great game but comes whit UPlay a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ piece of crap that no longer let me save the game... and after 10 hours of playing i will just say go ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft. not gonna buy any other game of yours until you remove Uplay plataform
,Recommended,242050,31509516,Posted: 2 May,all,Kratch!,"What will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!Shave his belly with a rusty razor,Shave his belly with a rusty razor,Shave his belly with a rusty razor,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!Put him in a long boat till his sober,Put him in a long boat till his sober,Put him in a long boat till his sober,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!Stick him in a scupper with a hosepipe on him,Stick him in a scupper with a hosepipe on him,Stick him in a scupper with a hosepipe on him,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!Put him in the bed with the captains daughter,Put him in the bed with the captains daughter,Put him in the bed with the captains daughter,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!That's what we do with a drunken sailor,That's what we do with a drunken sailor,That's what we do with a drunken sailor,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Way hay and up she rises,Early in the morning!"
76561198106028151,Not Recommended,242050,19047396,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,veevacious (New Controller),"I can't get my saved files. This game is good, but it honestly sucks when you can't play from where you left off. Even when I checked C:\Program Files (x86)\Ubisoft\Ubisoft Game Launcher\Savegames.  I don't know what happened but I reinstalled this game twice and still don't have the ""savegames"" folder that I just mentioned. Uplay is terrible."
,Recommended,242050,18428167,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ashurr,What will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?Early in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningShave his belly with a rusty razorShave his belly with a rusty razorShave his belly with a rusty razorEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningPut him in the longboat until he's soberPut him in the longboat until he's soberPut him in the longboat until he's soberEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningStick him in the scrubbers with a hosepipe on himStick him in the scrubbers with a hosepipe on himStick him in the scrubbers with a hosepipe on himEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningPut him in the bed with the captain's daughterPut him in the bed with the captain's daughterPut him in the bed with the captain's daughterEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningThat's what we do with a drunken sailorThat's what we do with a drunken sailorThat's what we do with a drunken sailorEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morning
,Not Recommended,242050,8721663,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Nadeslos,"This game has consistant save issues. I've lost 30 hours worth of gameplay twice. Until Ubisoft fixes this, please buy on another platform. Other than that...great game. I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I bought it for PC now."
,Recommended,242050,12715451,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Detective L,"if you love pirates, and have have played asssassin's creed before than i really recomend this game."
76561198021057296,Not Recommended,242050,30305806,Posted: 3 March,all,Ihateeverybody,"Pirate part of the game is sweet.  Assasines Creed part is lame.Uplay is like getting sodomized by Santa Claus.  To be specific, playing the game requires absolutely no network problems with Uplay servers or your game desyncs and you restart the mission or whatever.  Uplay servers are constantly bad because they suck.  So you see the problem right?  They have created a closed loop of Suckitude.  Until Uplay is taken apart and hurled into the sun, there can be no peace on earth.  Even Origin doesn't suck to the magnitude UPLAY does.I was actually considering buying For Honor and the new South Park game until I reinstalled Black Flag and remembered why I stopped playing years ago.  Fortunatly this is the only Ubisoft Game I own.  I think I am only out $30 or so.Avoid Ubisoft games if you know what's good for you."
,Recommended,242050,35436251,Posted: 2 October,all,Izhaaq996,"This Game""Warms me Cockles""and""Shiver me timbers"".Although this game is my All time favorite game in Assassin's Creed Franchise after Second and Revelation.Its a Remarkably Piece of Work and the environment is beautiful and I could also say that this was the Second Last Best game in the Franchise before Rogue.I am not being able to think any more fancy words to describe this game, therefore its Recommended as""Bottle of Rum""."
,Recommended,242050,7813525,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Gold Eagle,"This game might be the best of the franchise. It combines the elements of Assassin's Creed 3's ship battles and the classic Assassin mechanics. The RPG elements of the ship are good since you have to go attack other ships in order to find your required materials.There is a lot of content in this game, missions, assassin contracts and a lot of collectibles scattered throughout cities and uncharted locations such as islands or jungles.The true pirate experience, and maybe this isn't too true to the assassin's creed series, but who gives a bottle of rum? It's awesome.If you wait for a sale to come up for this game get it immediately, if not, get it anyway.10/10"
,Recommended,242050,30261522,Posted: 1 March,all,nytesky,"The best of the series, in my opinion. Fantastic gameplay, good story, some relatively difficult puzzles to solve, and being a pirate, what more could you ask for? The only thing I didn't care as much for was the Fleet operations. The ""battles"" took too long to resovle considering it simply being turn-based combat simulation. i didn't think the time spent in what is essentially a mini-game was worthwhile. Luckily it's completely optional. Everything else I enjoyed and will likely have another play-through or two in the future."
,Recommended,242050,20936576,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,MadMrMac,"I think it's the most fun AC game since AC2 - huge map, nice story, naval battles and much much more."
,Not Recommended,242050,8184027,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TMHLegolas,The game is ok at best. It takes far too long to get through the handheld missions 0utlining the mechanics. Every mission seems to involve trailing and eavesdropping on rails which is by far the least fun mechanic of the entire game. The ship battles are very fun.
,Recommended,242050,7725493,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,(GoR)Andrew.zhd,"This game is almost brilliant in all the ways it could possibly be! New revamped open-world, new colourful characters, good old gameplay mechanics as well as new ones - everything works out and everything suits theAssassin's Creedsaga. I am a bit disappointed that there's too much taken fromACII(just again), rather thanACorACIII. However, I enjoy the game and I sense it's great potential for the rest of the season with all the DLC and side-activites likeAC Initiates."
76561197997875519,Not Recommended,242050,8713424,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Henry Jameson,"This one was a bit upsetting in that it does everything the previous games do right, and has all the same failings.The sailing portions are really the best parts, but they don't justify a $60 or $40 price tag. In the other areas, you've got the same situation: combat is enjoyable and smooth, you feel like the grandmaster at work when slaughtering through villages, and there is absolutely no challenge. If you have a mind to you can massacre everyone in game with hardly a thought, and there really isn't much reason to anyway. Outside of the structured missions there's very little to do on the ground, and some of those missions can be fairly dull as well, such as the ever-present tailing missions, an unfortune standby for the series. It's got some good spectacle to it, but I'm not really happy at having such an expensive paperweight just sitting in my library."
76561198133948618,Recommended,242050,25047364,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Ardi,"After 41 hours of playing this game, I reached the end.I must say, after playing through this game I did not only feel empty (what do I do with my life now? lol) but also sad. I played all previous assassin's creeds and this one is different. Not just the graphics, the story and protagonist have changed but also the way you play this game in and the kind of character the protagonist has. First of all you will play primarily on the sea. There also is land, but the sea is so much more open and in my opinion a lot better than in assassins creed 3.The things that make sailing so amazing are seafights, songs (personal favorite: Drunken Sailor), that special feeling of sinking your first Man o' War and much more. You'll see thing English Royal Navy fighting against Spanish ships, huge seabattles will unfold and you will be enemy and plunderer of all. You'll capture seafortresses which will after capture not only stop attacking you but also start to attack british and spanish ships.The story was, once again, amazing. You start as Edward Kenway (yes you heard it right, KENWAY), a pirate that cares for nothing and no one and left his wife in Britain to make some money as a privateer. Instead he stays as a pirate. You will meet the likes of blackbeard and Kidd. Along the story Kenway turns into a man with honour and a moral code, a true assassin.I have nothing bad too say about this game. In this 41 hours of gameplay no notable errors occured, except for that one time that a ship spawned on me and I could not escape under it, which was fixed easily by leaving the animus and re-entering. My system definetely is not the newest (4 GB RAM, a not so new graphics card etc.), but for most of the timne the game ran between 50 and 60 fps (I've had some drops to 30 fps though, even some to 12, but that was so short that it didn't really matter or F up the gameplay)I bought this game for under €10 during the steamsale with the freedom cry dlc. This game was definetly worth it for that price. I'd advise anyone who reads this to wait for a sale before buying this. Assassin's creed games are on sale quite often every year.~my first review on steam"
,Recommended,242050,7726488,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Shebbinator,Badass game with a nice story :)
,Recommended,242050,34480491,Posted: 25 August,all,Uchuu,"Assassin's Creed Black Flag is the first AC game I've played. I knew of the series beforehand, but never got it into it.  I picked up Black Flag Digital Gold Edition (NA naming) during the Steam Summer 2017 Sale. I picked it up based on the general conscious that it is the least AC game of the series.The Good, the Bad and the Middle GroundGoodSailing around the West Indies/Caribbean: the ship controls are enjoyable and the weather is mostly nice. There were a few storms that seemed like they really wanted to kill me.Exploring: exploring the islands and locations is enjoyable, lots to find and discover. Scenery is pleasant.Story: the story is enjoyable for something that mixes real history with some added spices. The story in the 1700s is much better than the present day stuff.Graphics: the graphics are mostly good; there are areas where you'll see less detail.Upgrades: the upgrades are decent and come at a good pace.Middle GroundLocations: the locations have decent variety.Mechanics: most of the mechanics work well together. Sometimes Edward would get on the wrong path when running or start climbing things if you got too close.The Fleet: the fleet portion of the game isn't really explained. The fleet itself isn't enjoyable, mostly there to pad time, generate money and put collectibles behind something.The Island Base: the island that you come to acquire is decent, but I would have liked to have seen more upgrades and to have other ships at dock. Plus more interactions around the base with crew members and other major NPCs.Forts: as you progress you'll have to capture forts around the West Indies. This done through ship to fort combat. I would have liked to have seen other options to capture forts in addition to the mentioned way.BadThe present day, Abstergo: I found the present day bits to be an annoyance. I get the AC story, but in general the bits where you are walking around Abstergo are not well done in my opinion. I would have preferred to stay in the 1700s for the whole game and have the entire story take place within that time.The ending: the ending is rushed. You still get a reasonable ending, but it isn't as flushed out as I think it should/could be.Community events: the community events are no longer available. This prevents you from unlocking a cosmetic piece of content.MultiplayerThe multiplayer is dead.PlaytimeMy ~72 hours included 100% the main game, Freedom Cry (4-8 hours depending on play style) and Aveline (1 hour at most, very linear). My play style was leisurely without rushing from objective to objective and exploring everything.RecommendationIf you are looking for a game that puts you behind the wheel of a ship from the 1700s, this is the game. Most of the activities on land are enjoyable, but the game shines when you're out at sea traveling between islands to explore and fighting other ships.RatingHighly recommended when on sale and I'd say the Gold Edition is worth the extra couple of dollarsNotes about Gold EditionIf you are looking to purchase the Gold Edition and are wondering what is included, this the list of items from Uplay account game details,Death Vessel PackMP Character Pack: Blackbeard's WrathCrusader & Florentine PackFreedom CryIllustrious Pirates PackGuild of RoguesPride of the West IndiesSeason Pass"
,Recommended,242050,20802155,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ReconSixth,"At least, a pirate ship is something new and the best pirate game ever. Oops, I didn't mentionpirated."
,Recommended,242050,17558046,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,dLan,"i want a boat, 10/10"
,Recommended,242050,13734875,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Corndog,LEAVE HER JOHNNY LEAVE HEROH LEAVE HER JOHNNY LEAVE HER
,Recommended,242050,8367355,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,LEON,"Nice graphics, nice world, beautiful nvidia physics, nice main character, but Ezio more charismatic and better! But this game have old problems with gameplay and the same type boring missions.Conclusion: much much better than Assassin's Creed 3, but I love Assassin's creed 2 more, Ezio Auditore da Firenze forever!My score: 86/100 (must have)В игре хорошая графика, качественные текстуры, отменный динамичный дым благодаря физиксу, прикольный главный герой, но по харизме не дотягивает до Эцио. Вместе с тем в игре присутствуют и недостатки, так и не доработали геймплей с 1 части асасина, не дотягивают французы в этом плане до Бэтмана. Скучные однотипные миссии, типа выследи врага, подслушай разговор, защити от врагов, которые появляются на крышах из воздуха (ассасины в одной из первых миссий) и т.д. Морские баталии и хорошая графика тащат игру, однозначно лучше провальной третей части. Но на мой взгляд AC2 по-прежнему лучшая часть в серии."
,Recommended,242050,19481429,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,-=SAMI=-,One of the best version of assissin's Creed Series..Exellent serviceExellent graphics (Beautifull World Texture)Best Best Best GameHighly Recommended This Version.Assissin's Creed 4 Best Singleplayer and Multiplayer Game in the Assassin's Creed Series
76561198028052124,Recommended,242050,15694981,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,jorgnar,A great addition to the flagship series which also happens to be the best pirate game ever made.
,Recommended,242050,24838663,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,KuroiSenko,"At first, I'd like to mention that I only played the first game for a couple of hours, therefore, I don't have any knowledge or experience with any other Assassin's Creed game.The story was nothing special but not necessarily bad. It's just like any other pirate movie with a goal to find the treasure. It had many interesting characters, especially in the beginning. On the other hand, Istronglydisliked every single one of those Abstergo office walking simulator parts. Who thought it was a good idea to bring that in?Gameplay is fantastic. It's full of naval battles, stealth, chasing, eavesdropping, exploring, collecting, etc.Combat system is almost identical to Shadow of Mordor, Mad Max and Batman games. There's a reasonable amount of weapons for various situations: hidden blades, swords, pistols, blowpipes, darts, ropes, smoke bombs and so on. It just leaves you with a choice to either sneak around and assassinate your target or just jump right into the brawl against the whole crew. Besides fighting, you're free to complete challenges and side missions, hunt, explore cities, ruins, jungles or deserted islands while freely moving around the obstacles.Sailing. That's where the game shines the most. Being an open world game, Black Flag let's you freely travel through the sea and engage in naval combat. Since you're the captain of your ship, you're able to fortify it. Some of those upgrades are cosmetic, others are mostly weapons, armor and space expanders. Your weapon arsenal while on the ship consists of mortars, fire barrels, swivel guns, chain shots, broadside and chase cannons, heavy shots and a ram. You can attack any ship that isn't an ally. Of course, you should evaluate its strength first as you won't be easily taking down Man o' Wars and Legendary ships early in the game. Once the ship is weakened you may board it or sink it and take its loot. Other activities involving ships are harpoon fishing, diving and developing your own fleet which carries and trades your goods with other countries.I can't say much about the multiplayer since I played it just for a few hours. It seemed fun in certain modes but kind of confusing for a newcomer like me. Plus, I really enjoyed the variety in skills, wide customization and character models.Pros:● Open world● A lot of stuff to do (side missions, collectables, etc.)● Excellent ground and naval combat● Freerunning● Decent upgrades●Perfect music● Beautiful graphics● Fun multiplayer● Your own fleet simulation● Storms/tornadoes/strong winds and waves● Sea shantiesCons:●""Meh"" story● Kinda repetitive● Can't change your ship● Uplay is necessary to play● Poor optimization● No Captain Jack SparrowBlack Flag attracted my attention due to ships, mostly because I am a fan of Pirates of the Caribbean. I had high expectations and they were fulfilled. I'd recommend getting this on sale.8/10"
,Not Recommended,242050,17745977,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Worgen,Uplay sucks!
76561197970562054,Recommended,242050,29440870,Posted: 23 January,all,Ampee,"I'm not that into these AC games, but black flag was a pleasent surprise. Treasure hunting, diving, looting plantation.A word to the wise: The game has massive system requirements; 1080gtx, 6core i7, 32gb ram: maxed out, 1080p around 30-40FPS."
,Recommended,242050,7772541,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Howie,"To me, The Golden Age of Piracy is perhaps one of the most intriguing times in history, and this is exactly where the latest Assassin’s Creed takes us. Many feared what yearly entries would do to the franchise, but with the setting in the early 18th century Caribbean, the improvements to gameplay, and the leap to the next-gen consoles, this is probably the best version of the best Assassin’s Creed yet.In Black Flag, the Caribbean is yours for the taking, and it doesn’t take long before the game sets you loose on the world with your own ship, your own crew, and an enormous amount of things to find and do. Gone are the days of the naval portions being cordoned off from the rest of the game. In fact, you’ll spend the majority of your time on ship this time around, but if you want to scour that small island off to the starboard side for loot, you just need to drop anchor and make the short swim to shore.This easy and abundant gameplay makes getting distracted in Assassin’s Creed IV a very common occurrence. I found myself stopping and plundering every small island, boarding every ship, and exploring every undersea wreck. Many things are not available right up front, or you are just too weak to take them on, but the game’s progression feels very natural, and I never felt like I was locked out of doing too much at any given time. In fact, if I was able to do even more earlier on, I would have never gotten this review done.The story in Black Flag is one of the most interesting me, simply because of Edward’s rogue dynamic. Edward is not an Assassin. He stumbles into the conflict between the Assassins and Templars purely by chance while seeking riches to provide a better life for his estranged bride. He is a pirate. The growth and evolution of Edward and his external view of the conflict was a much more interesting story to me than the fairly static “creed locked” nature of the previous games’ heroes. The modern day aspect is also quite interesting and I did not dread being put outside of the Animus as much as I did in previous games. There are also a couple of interesting Easter Eggs connecting the world of Assassin’s Creed to Ubisoft’s upcoming Watch Dogs as well as possible hints at future entries in the Assassin’s Creed series.The free running through the world feels improved over Assassin’s Creed III, and while I did run into a few areas of frustration and difficulty climbing, these were much fewer and farther between than I was used to. Anyone who has played the past games knows the issues of running up a wall only to grab onto nothing or jumping out into open air instead grabbing onto a ledge. This being my biggest downside of any Assassin’s Creed game, I was very happy to find that the free running and climbing in Black Flag feels a lot more intelligent to what you are actually trying to accomplish.Being that it is such a primary focus, the naval portion of the game has been much improved over your time at the helm in Assassin’s Creed III. Dynamic weather can affect your ocean voyages as sudden storms attempt to topple you, fog limits visibility, and waterspouts damage your ship.The Caribbean seems extremely alive with a vibrant and varied world that feels much more organic and real than any Assassin’s Creed before. Being a free roaming pirate in this world is incredibly freeing and the only time I got any feelings of redundancy was actually during the Assassin focused missions. While being a pirate is extremely fun and open, playing the Assassin is the exact opposite. I felt limited while slinking around in foliage and tailing enemies without being seen. These may be staples of the Assassin’s Creed series but they have not evolved in the same way as the rest of the gameplay. Fortunately these sections play a much smaller part in Black Flag so they do not overshadow the awesome feeling of being a pirate.Collectibles are not a grind in Assassin’s Creed IV as they seemed to be in prior games. Money and supplies to upgrade your gear and ship are found by hunting the wildlife of the Caribbean and plundering the various ships found out on the open sea. Setting out in a creaky rowboat to take on a killer whale or a great white shark is just another daily occurrence for the times, and boarding a ship twice the size of yours to steal its contents is a necessary means for survival and fortune, but all of it remains fun throughout as there is so much to do that no one specific thing gets to feel too repeated.For those not familiar with the multiplayer, it consists of numerous game modes that involve hunting targets stealthily. The more stealth and discretion that you use, the more points you will be awarded. The execution is done wonderfully, but the online mode is largely the same as the multiplayer that we’ve seen before. While massive focus was put into overhauling the way the single player game was played, multiplayer was slapped with a few minor updates and a facelift for the environments and characters. The lack of change isn’t a bad thing as I feel that Assassin’s Creed has one of the most unique and fun multiplayer modes on the market, but don’t expect to be floored by the multiplayer in the same way that the campaign will get you.Even though it is cross generation, Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag is one of the must have launch games for the next generation of consoles (and PC!) and should hold you over with its vast world until the next slew of next-gen titles hits the market. Ubisoft have proven that they are not milking the Assassin’s Creed franchise for all it’s worth as much as they are cultivating the great things about the series to continue to bring us amazing and fun games. This impressive interpretation of a pirate’s life mixed with the Assassin and Templar influence was a thrill ride that will surely be hard to beat in the inevitable next entry in the franchise.Positive things.The Golden Age of Piracy.So many things to see and do around the world......and a massive vibrant world to contain all these things.Free running feels improved.Beautiful visuals.Being a pirate, in every way.Negative things.Tailing targets and remaining unseen gets repetitive.The freedom of the pirate makes the Assassin feel limited.Too many distractions can mean you take too long to finish a review.FINAL VERDICT🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟  ★"
76561198000250399,Not Recommended,242050,8407189,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Zev,"There is a lot of issues with the game saves.   I lost 5-6 hours from playing last night, and its all over the fourms of other people running into the same issue.The game is fun, but with the save sytem messed up, DO NOT BUY."
76561198110438547,Not Recommended,242050,16160157,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Exile,"Just purchased this game and wasted my money. I have downloaded this game twice, but it won't open as the game requires a ubisoft game launcher, which is already downloaded and installed on my computer. The game cannot recognise the game launcher on my PC for some reason. Therefore, I don't recommend this game until steam sorts this problem out. I'm not buying another game on steam again, as this is a second time this has happened from buying two different games."
76561197997932349,Not Recommended,242050,7783656,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Simo,"Flawed hald the community lost their progess in there game,"
,Recommended,242050,29381311,Posted: 20 January,all,s7ahL-VM,"+Good Character(far better charisma than Connar Kenway)+NAVAL BATTLE(feel invigorating sinken some Imperial Man o' War)+Ultra Anarchism Creed.+Nichts ist wahr,alles ist erlaubt-u cant use ur Ship to rain fire on enemy in land.(Cannon,mortar deals 0 dmg on land units,this is somehow not ideal)-lacks of erotic scenarios(Female NPCs is not so attractive,and a pirate without sexual life?!)9.1/10"
76561198053215200,Recommended,242050,8544550,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TimeViewer,"I went into this game expecting a completely different storyline, Assassin's Creed 3 was suppose to be the end of the Desmond story but in a fashion it continues in 4. I was not disappointed, the story has been very well written through out the entire series.I must also confess that being a rum drinker and already knowing the song Drunken Sailor I was pretty happy with the music through the game, usually I wind up turning it off as a distraction after hours of play but, for this, I listened and found a few more to like (""Worst Old Ship"" sometimes mistakenly called Waitin for the Day now ranks among my favorites)The game has plenty to play through on both land and sea, I've had a ball blasting and ramming ships (Down to tha drink!) as well as the usual fights and skulking about. There are a few of the annoying scripted fights but only for the story's sakeWith hints at more to come, I will of course look forward to seeing what may come of the future (or in this case the past)"
,Recommended,242050,22956353,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Sioetre,"A great open world action pirate themed game with a ton of features. The story is alright although the biggest part of the game is up to you as a player to explore what the carribbean islands and seas has to offer. Go hunt down a royal convoy, dive for treasures in a long lost shipwreck or take on your classic role as assassin and do your thing. Go sneaky or all in guns blazing!Although it's a part of the Assassin's Creed franchise you are not in my opinion required to play any of the other games in order to enjoy this one. The games not especially connected and they all follow a similar plot. The game is in my opinion totaly worth the money but wouldn't hurt to wait for a sale either."
,Recommended,242050,20079587,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ArtyomGR,"After being mildly disappointed with AC 3, I am pleasantly surprised by this title. The story line might not be the best in the Assassins Creed series but that is made up for through a tight atmosphere, interesting characters and, of course, Pirates! Who doesn't like pirates?The graphics are well executed. Game play and controls are on par with similar titles. In game actions besides the main mission are varied, reaching from harpooning and hunting through stealth looting of plantations, to the ever popular collectibles, which by the way include shanties that will be sung by the crew while at sea after unlocking.Overall the game is extremely captivating. More so than it's direct predecessor AC 3.There is multi of course, which is a bit different from previous and it is well executed.Well done ubisoft."
,Recommended,242050,12363366,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Pearlescent Diarrhea,"There is a lot to say about Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag. You have a vast open world, in which you can travel by foot or by sea. You can either be stealth or brutal in your tactics. You can be the Devil of the Seven Seas or a vigilante of the nations and inspire freedom to your crew.The graphics are absolutely amazing. I've always admired water textures in video games and other than Skyrim; this has been the best I've seen by far. The sails of the ships and the gusts of wind that push them across the watery abyss. The environmental hazards of the sea; rouge waves and cyclones that rip apart everything in its path. The smallest island to the largest populated city. This game has a realistic and unique quality.The Gameplay is excellent. The Pirate story line is something that someone can only imagine. Sure, they have movies, other pirate games, etc. But I never have felt the true pirate experience. The Assassin, Edward Kenway, is an amazing addition to the Creed Line. The battles on Land are just as expected as an Assassin's Creed game, but with new tools, outfits and other additions. The Ship Battles are an amazing feature. There's a lot you can choose from to fix it up how you like. Some of the things you love, must be found or conquered to be added upon your ship.The Present Day story line was rather interesting. Some of it made sense and the rest of it did not. It's pretty expected to be confused about it, because you have no idea who you're character is. Sample 17 is the bloodline from Subject 17. So, as far as it is concerned. The character you are in control of, does not have any connection to the bloodline. You are just going back into Subject 17's ancestral line. Hopefully something will have mention in Unity's Present Day.The mulitplayer I couldn't really get into. I think it's fun to play with other people, but I don't think they have mastered this quality in their industry yet. They still have some things they need to work on for multiplayer that will appeal and increase their community and fanbase. With Unity on its way, I do believe Co-Op is their greatest option for the moment, until they can figure out what to fix in their multiplayer services.All in All. Best Assassin's Creed since Altair. 5/5 Singleplayer, 2/5 Online Experience."
,Recommended,242050,28595848,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,PRIYANXHU,"By far the best experience I have ever had in an Assasins Creed game, and arguably, the best Assasins Creed purchase I have ever made. I think they should focus more on adventure in their next game than the action, leaves a much more appealing and lasting experience. A must buy for any serious gamer, just watch out for the settings though, needs some high-end hardware to run it on ultra 60FPS FHD. 👍👍"
76561197997697732,Not Recommended,242050,14937054,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Jester_N7,"Just based on the fact that I can't play the game because it crashes right at the ""Press Any Key"" after launching, I'd say don't waste ur money on this. I will never again buy Ubisoft games because this just happenes way too often with their titles.And I'm not bloody cracking a game I bought so I'll just give Ubisoft the finger and suggest to everyone not to go out and buy what they sell.Okay end of rant."
,Recommended,242050,11235751,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,QQ,"+Sea Fights+Great sandbox gameplay+Good story about pirates life+Fancy graphics+Not annoying economy system.Just kill and plunder+Pirates songs-Boring combat system(since AC1).Its looking good,but its too simple-Degenerative AI-Stupid stealthDespite horrible AI and stealth(actually this is weaknesses of whole series) this is one of the best AC i ever played."
,Recommended,242050,10552527,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,techzimo,"GREAT GAME.....BUT ONE PROBLEM......LOST MY SAVE FILE......I thought well it's saved in the cloud no big issue, but NO its not... It turns out that Uplay stopped cloud saving support of Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag.....which made me real mad.....I got more than half way through the game and I have to say it is very decent. In my opinion not the best out of the series but defenitly not the worst. I guess I'll have to replay all the mission and re-ugrade the jackdaw which will be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ But willing to do it considering I am a HUGE fan of the series :) Just remember to back up your save file!!!"
,Recommended,242050,22386276,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Luminaire,"Black Flag is as big of an improvement over ACIII as ACII was over the original Assassin's Creed; while ACIII took the series' trademark parkour gameplay mechanics and applied them to an open world, much of that world's freedom was limited or illusory. Black Flag makes the biggest leap forward the series has taken yet by giving you true freedom to go wherever you please whenever you please. Unlike ACIII's overlong prologue, Black Flag thrusts you right into the action and has you at the helm of a seafaring vessel very early - after a few introductory missions, the game centers itself squarely around sailing & naval combat which gels with the spirit & magic of Assassin's Creed's distinctive gameplay. There are a huge array of side quests and tangential, self-contained missions alongside the main story which you can go through at your own pace, and the light RPG elements return in the form of levelling up your weapons and ship as you progress through new waters. What makes this formula special isn't the plot or characters (some are likeable though not particularly memorable) but the world they inhabit - so alive it practically pulses with its own energy in a unique fictional slice of history - combined with freedom of exploration & activity. I've spent hours at a time sailing aimlessly through the sun-filled isles of the West Indies simply watching the weather change or engaging in naval battles and looting ships before taking to shore to stretch my legs and run through the jungles of deserted isles or the dense populace and buildings of bigger cities. There are buried treasures and letters in bottles to be found across a large map, a variety of animals to hunt in different regions to craft upgrades and new outfits, and even underwater swimming sections in which you evade sharks and other deep-sea dangers in pursuit of sunken wealth. Gone is the overarching present-day storyline featuring Desmond & Co. (which had grown very stale and convoluted); the Animus returns, but in an entirely new context that's creative & fun and features some ingenious meta-game narrative flourishes.Black Flag is, in my opinion, by far the best Assassin's Creed game to date (including the newer generation entries such as Unity and Syndicate), with the more dated and linear yet still brilliant ACII trailing behind. It injected a sense of wonder & adventure into a series that had grown stale, and it gives players the closest experience they'll have to being a seafaring pirate during the golden age of piracy. It may be the best naval action game ever made, and it combines the best elements of the series with a true open world sandbox I still marvel over and bound around in to this day. Whether you're already an initiated Assassin's Creed fan or new to the series, this comes with my highest recommendation as it's one of the best adventure games in recent memory. A solidA(9.5/10)."
,Recommended,242050,16950776,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Phips,"I do recommend the game, but I also advise Ubisoft to kill UplayMany people give the game a negative review because they lost their savegame. Well, same happened to me. Storyline finished, only some stuff to collect left in Singleplayer, Multiplayerlevel quite progressed. One day starting the game, finding no savegame... googling what could have happened -  Uplay happened!Looks like when there is any problem while the game is syncing or loading the savefile via Uplay, it's gone.After weeks of beeing just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at Ubisoft, I gave it one more try and made it a 100% (Like I did with all other AC titles).It is a great game worth the money.+ Story+ Graphics+ Action+ many additional places to go besides the main story--------- UplayIt is an unnecessary piece of software, Noones likes it, noone needs it.Dear Ubisoft, finally listen to your customers and get rid of this piece of junk software."
,Recommended,242050,12486384,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,@Dd!Ct3D,Best AC after the 2nd so far
,Recommended,242050,25175929,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,♛ANGEL♛,The best pirate game
,Recommended,242050,23104901,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Retzudo,"This is hands down the best Assassin's Creed to ever see the light of day. Not because it's an Assassin's Creed game but because it is an Assassin's Creed game wrapped inside Pirate Simulator 2013. I liked Sid Meier's Pirates and this game takes the concept to a whole new level. There is SO much to do.Pros- Sea battles- You can board ships- You can capture these ships and send them to your fleet- You have a fleet which incorporates its own mini game. You can send our fleet's ships to mission to gain resources and money but first you need to secure the trade routes by doing mini sea battles.- You can go whaling and kill sharks- You can explore islands from tiny to huge in size and kill the local fauna for resources.- You can find things like smuggler dens and dive to sunken ships to find treasures and treasure maps.-I'm not quite sure on this yet but it seems like you can assault whole cities and take them for your own.Correction: You can assault several forts and if you manage to destroy them with your cannons you gain control over a section of the map, i. e. no more ""red zone"" and collectibles appear.- Upgrade your ship- Upgrade your characterNeutrals- Tons of collectibles and unlockables. Love them or hate them...- You need to progress the story to be able to do everything listed above.ConsAt its core it's still an Assassin's Creed game. That of course doesn't automatically make it bad, but:- Uplay- Very sticky and at times sluggish ground movement. Your character constantly tries to grab on to or step on any possible thing he can find. Chasing something? Better jump on some random post and and squat for a few seconds instead of just running on the street like a normal person.- As soon as you step foot onto any roof, you will be hunted by ten or more guards who want to stab, shoot and generally murder you in cold blood for...being on a roof.- Silly bugs but nothing game breaking for me so far."
,Recommended,242050,11519217,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,[MoS] Naelok,"This is a game that has some extremely high points and extremely low points.Let's start with the good: Sailing. After the first hour or two of faffing about, the game gives you a pirate ship and sets you loose on the seas. Most of the fun times you'll have in the game will be sailing around and getting into incredibly dramatic ship battles on the high seas. If you've ever played Sid Meier's 'Pirates!' then you'll be pleased to know that sailing in Black Flag is basically a modernized version of that. You have to manuever your ship to bring cannons to bear while staying out of their firing zone by managing your ship's speed and manuevers.In one memorable moment, I assaulted a British fortress in the middle of a storm, riding waves and dodging artillery as a British Man O War and a pair of Frigates bore down on me. Using a wave to barrel out of the way of an artillery barrage before delivering a round of heavy guns onto a Man O War's backside is absolutely thrilling stuff. The sailing alone is enough to make me recommend the game. It's incredibly fun and incredibly fresh.The story (ignoring the modern day headache that the game insists on vomiting onto you now and again) is alright, if fairly predicatable. One problem I had is telling apart the male pirates. It seemed like I killed about 8 pirate guys that betrayed me somehow and I had some sort of beef with. But I didn't really care about the details of the templar/assassin nonsense anyhow, so I'll give the story a pass. I liked James Kidd quite a bit after all.The problems with the game are basically everything else.Let me discuss the major points:First:Whenever you go back to land to take an assassination mission, the first thing you'll be asked to do is tail and/or eavesdrop on someone. This involves jumping on a rooftop as they walk along town (and needless to say every town in the Caribbean has a good five or six guards inexplicably guarding rooftops) or hiding in a bush as they walk along. If you fall behind, mission failed, start again. Not fun.Second:The land combat is ridiculously easy.I did some early assassination missions, made some gold and then bought the Wheellock Pistols, which have massive range but do less damage. Unfortunately for every Spanish soldier in the Caribbean, pistol damage means♥♥♥♥♥♥when a headshot is an instant kill no matter what. For when I did do melee, I had a pair of swords that I bought in the first hour of the game that let me jump around going for a stabathon on all the bad guys without much trouble.But honestly, that wasn't even the problem. There are three points in the game where your weapons get arbitrarily taken away in an attempt to get you to use stealth, but even with just your wrist knives you can kill infinite guards with parry and break defense.Sure it's fun at a visceral level to walk up to a fortress of British soldiers and kill everyone inside, but Dark Souls this ain't.Third:The game wastes time with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.There's this entire diving minigame with unique mechanics where you've got to dive underwater for some treasure while using air bubbles and dodging sharks. It's a terrible minigame that no one in the right mind would want to play and Ubisoft seemed to recognize this, because you only have to do it once. You can explore ship wrecks as an optional thing on your own, but it's such a tedious busywork section that no one in the right mind would want to do it.Which brings us to the central point, which is that Ubisoft has no idea how to tell a good idea from a bad one.Instead of underwater travel or tailing (and I'm not even going to talk in any detail about the stupid ♥♥♥♥ing modern day office/hacking crap), they could've given the sailing a bit more depth and made more things to do at sea.As it stands, the game is great fun up until the point where you've got your ship upgraded to the point where you can take on two Man O Wars with ease. At that point, the game sort of peters out and you'll fast travel from story mission to mission to wrap the thing up.Just goes to show that while a team behind a game might have talent, you still need a director with a coherent vision to make a game great. Without that vision, you end up with a scatterbrain game like AC: Black Flag.Still, cool that a brother is heading a big video game project. Keep improving, Ashraf Ismail."
76561198058773746,Not Recommended,242050,9567287,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,o_j_lane,"I Love this game, however I have also had save games disapear ( luckily I read about the issues and have been backing them up ) Also the sheer frustration of no ability to save part way through a mission and constantly having to re-start from the beggining, makes me feel like giving up and deleting the game, a save system like Skyrim would be great for this game! ( I now have to buy a new mouse due to a damaged Steelseries Sensei, the frustration has got expensive )"
76561198111429931,Not Recommended,242050,8445112,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sir Psycho Sexy,I just can't recommend this game. The title doesn't fit the game. The game is called Assassin's Creed not combat creed. I mean the games fun but its not really an assassin game its more of a combat game. I think Ubisoft should make a different series for combat and people who like combat games and leave this series as an assassin game. If you like combat then this a game for you. If not don't get it.
76561198171238315,Not Recommended,242050,23358493,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,danstew23,"This is the first review that I have to start with the classic ""I wish there was a neutral rating button"" line.Let's start with the positive: The game looks really nice, the areas are beautiful, the music is nice, so are the Shanties. If you liked the naval battle in AC III, you will love it here, it is a lot of fun, especially once you upgrade your ship. Sailing on the ocean in the Jackdaw with your crew singing... just very immersive and looks awesome.Also, even though there are some pirate-clichés, the game is surprisingly accurate when it comes to the development of the whole pirate-scene in the carribean. I recently read two books about it (it almost seems as if the story-writer here read at least one of them), and they kinda show you how it all came to be, where those pirates came from. So not as many clichés with peglegs, parrots on the shoulder, eyepatch and yaarrr.However, I wish they had put this out as a standalone pirate-game, not a part of the AC-franchise. Either they tried to attract more people who are into pirates, and so many apparently are, or they really tried to really mix things up, really try to change the scenery big time in order to reinvigorate the franchise.***Slight story spoilers ahead*** IMO, it does not work. So here we have a greedy pirate, who often enough acts like a jerk, who gets marooned with an assassin. He kills that assassin with surprising ease, puts on a clothes, suddenly knows how to use eagle view, and tadaa, new protagonist for AC4. It doesn't work for me. I was like ""What, that's it? He steals this guys clothes and weapons and now suddenly has assassin abilities""?Edward's main motivation is greed. People complained about a rather stoic Connor or how Shay in Rogue betrays the assassins and becomes a templar. Here we have a guy who mainly cares for gold. How is that for a sympathetic hero? I know that eventually, he realizes there are other things, but how many hours into the game is that? EVen Shay, who betrays the Assassins, has more honorable intentions as he wants to stop the assassins from dealing with things much too powerful after thousands of people died.I get that people love the pirate side of things, and if this was just a pirate game, I'd give it a big thumbs up as one of the nicest pirate games. But do people really say ""Man, I love this franchise with this ancient order of highly trained assassins and their everlasting fight against templars. Now, the new assassin is a greedy pirate who stabs an assassin, and we'll drink rum, sink ships and be a pirate and assassin?""Sure, lots of people LOVE pirates, and I guess many waited for another good pirate game, so I am sure for many, an AC with pirates was perfect. However, I care mostly about the assassins, characters, storyline, historic settings, and in that regard, to me, BF is not a good entry. Innovation is good, especially since the series ran out of ideas lately, but to simply blend the franchise with a safe bet theme (pirates. What's next? Wild West?) doesn't work IMOIt just doesn't work for me personally, I am sorry, even though I am happy for those who actually consider this the best AC.Now, while the devs put in a lot of changes (like the diving, shanties, the new blowpipe which you shoot berserk- and sleep-darts with, new mechanics to naval battles, the fleet etc), they also apparently ran out of time or ideas regarding the main missions. The amount of tailing and eavesdropping here is frustatingly horrible. At some point, I quit playing because I couldn't STAND YET ANOTHER eavesdropping mission. You start a mission (or templar hunt), sneak up on someone and tail him, having to stay out of sight, not aggro guards, not getting to close, or eavesdrop for quite some time.If this would have happened like, 3-4 times in the game, it might have been fun even. But the amount of these quests here is silly. I just tried to get back into the game after  a long break, started the next mission, and guess what? Another tailing one. Afterwards, I started a templar hunt in town, and guess what? Eavesdrop.It wouldn't even be as bad if the hiding and parcouring would be more precise. The game still suffers from some control flaws... not as bad as they sometimes where in AC2, but it's less ""safe"" than in, say, Unity or Syndicate. I have played every AC so far, and yes, misjumps and mistakes happen. But they happen WAY less in those newer games. If you are supposed to totally stay out of sight and follow a pretty strict route set up by the devs (for some of the eavesdrops), it only works if the controls are really tight. They often are, but still, sometimes it doesn't work.Same for combat. I played Rogue in between, and blocking in that game was much more precise than it is in BF.Optional content? Of course, you have a metric ton of that in game, just like in most other Ubisoft games. However, it's not so optional. I disliked the diving with the overly aggressive sharks. However, at some point, you can't continue the storyline if you haven't upgraded your ship enough. Only way to do that is with blueprints eventually which you get from underwater shipwrecks. So if you dislike the diving, get ready to do some more.Even if Rogue has more of a polarizing setup (Assassin goes templar) and might look more bland (icebergs, snow, polar-like areas), and is VERY similar to BF, it did many things better. Taking over forts actually makes more sense (more profit), blueprints are hidden in wrecks on land, so jump-puzzles rather than diving. In Rogue, you also can skip the fleet-combat (minigame with your fleet), at the risk of losing a ship or two. The fleet-battles in BF cant be skipped, and even though they might be fun at first in a FB-game type way, it actually gets dull.So, here is my verdict:+ Great pirate game (- ...unfortunately, it's an AC game)+ Naval battles are fun+ Beautiful zones+ Lots of things to do+ Nice touch with the history of pirates- Jerky main character which to me is much less likeable than even Arno, Shay or Connor- Edward at first seemed like a sneaky attempt to copy Jack Sparrow. Boy, was i wrong. Wait until you meet the guy who temporarily maroons you on an island later on. It's ridiculous how much they ripped Sparrow here.- Diving IMO sucks- Diving is kinda mandatory for blueprints- Controls not as precise as they should be- While lots of things were innovated... the amount of tailing and eavesdropping is simply ridiculous, same with some of the chases.- Fleet is nice for income etc, but eventually, it takes too long, wish you could skip to the results like in Rogue.I get why people love this, but to me, it's not very AC-like. Assassins and pirates is a stretch, but the way Edward is introduced is ridiculous.Even if Rogue is considered ""BF V2"", because it's so similar, and even though its story might not be for everyone, it did MANY things better than BF.I personally rate this above Syndicate and Liberation, but below Unity, Rogue, ACII to AC III.If you want a great pirate game, check this out. If you always wanted assassins doing the pirate-thing, enjoy. If you're like me, mixing them doesn't work well, and Edward is pretty much my least favorite assassin. The game has quite a few things going for it, and would normally be a 7, as AC 4 I rate it a 5-6, especially because of the story and overuse of certain mechanics/types of missions. Was torn between thumbs up and down, but as an AC-game, it's not something I recommend after enjoying the other ACs so muchBefore you go ""Dude, 35 hrs in game...thats a good value""... I did restart the game eventually after I first lost interest, and even though I played it a bit, it never was remotely as enjoyable as the previous or later episodes, even though Syndicate was even worse IMO"
76561198031344449,Recommended,242050,9068416,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Thorgrim,"What in Davy Jones’ locker did ye just bark at me, ye scurvy bilgerat? I’ll have ye know I be the meanest cutthroat on the seven seas, and I’ve led numerous raids on fishing villages, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥over 300 wenches. I be trained in hit-and-run pillaging and be the deadliest with a pistol of all the captains on the high seas. Ye be nothing to me but another source o’ swag. I’ll have yer guts for garters and keel haul ye like never been done before, hear me true. You think ye can hide behind your newfangled computing device? Think twice on that, scallywag. As we parley I be contacting my secret network o’ pirates across the sea and yer port is being tracked right now so ye better prepare for the typhoon, weevil. The kind o’ monsoon that’ll wipe ye off the map. You’re sharkbait, fool. I can sail anywhere, in any waters, and can kill ye in o’er seven hundred ways, and that be just with me hook and fist. Not only do I be top o’ the line with a cutlass, but I have an entire pirate fleet at my beck and call and I’ll damned sure use it all to wipe yer♥♥♥♥♥♥off o’ the world, ye dog. If only ye had had the foresight to know what devilish wrath your jibe was about to incur, ye might have belayed the comment. But ye couldn’t, ye didn’t, and now ye’ll pay the ultimate toll, you buffoon. I’ll♥♥♥♥♥♥fury all over ye and ye’ll drown in the depths o’ it. You’re fish food now."
,Recommended,242050,20015798,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,zenobi,It's like to play FarCry and MonkeyIsland at the same time
,Not Recommended,242050,14958039,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ders,"+It is a fun game, naval combat adds a new twist to things, and thats about all its got going for it.-The gameplay is exactly like every assassins creed before it, minus the ship to ship fighting-The story is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and doesnt seem to have any ties to the assassins creeds before it, just seems like the devs have run out ideas and are pumping out games nonetheless-took 21~ hours to beat the story, the last hour on record is credits you cant skip-uPlay is utter cancer, might as well skip buying this game on steam and just buy it on uPlay-No steam achievements-Combat is super easy if you have played any AC beforeI'd only recommend it if you either A: want to play every AC ever made or B: havent played AC before and the story doesnt much matter to you."
76561198098665738,Recommended,242050,10214664,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,RYYAN-KING,.
,Not Recommended,242050,14912331,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Meaple,Uplay...
,Recommended,242050,29858586,Posted: 11 February,all,Yolulu,A horrible Assassin's Creed but the Best Pirate Simulator ever 11/10
,Recommended,242050,8614212,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,<§> Sub,"YAAAAARRRRRRRRR ME HEARTIES! Tis a game about being a pirate. Take to the seas, plunder all in sight and drink rum til you're sick. YO HO HO!"
,Not Recommended,242050,15011909,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Barry B(end me over daddy)Benson,"So far I have had nothing but trouble with the game, your experience my differ and it might be an amazing game.but all I get is ""AC4sp.exe has stopped working"" and I cannot seem to find any fix to it!Good job Ubisoft!!"
,Recommended,242050,11017254,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,The Poes Awakens,"The Good:* Highly-refined combat system* Well-balanced and non-gimmicky sailing system* Huge, meticulously-made open world with few duplicate textures* Potential for extremely good graphics if you have the hardware* Good sound and voice acting* Environment interaction is top-notch* Missions are designed well and have a large variety* Stealth is fun, challenging and diverse* Memorable soundtrack* Stunning visualsThe Bad:* No triple buffering* Uplay with its malevolent updates and other skullduggery* HUD is tacky, distracting and too intrusive* Combat is too easy and unchallenging (stealth makes up for this)* Some aspects are copied from previous games without improvement* Glitches of Titanic proportions (excuse the pun)* Kenway's Fleet minigame thing is horrible* Too many cutscenes; especially when doing sailing activitiesBottom Line:The most refined and diverse Assassin's Creed yet, however, if Ubisoft keeps improving each game in small increments and releasing every year or so, this series will turn stale very soon (this has already happened according to some). Until then, this game is well-polished and extensive and thus highly recommended."
,Recommended,242050,8849014,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Bro,"IMHO Black Flag is the best in the series. The ship combat, travel, and streamlined horde brawl combat with it's counters and gadgets is the best it's ever been. The setting is open and collectibles actually have a fun effect - new sails, wheels, figureheads, canons, and mortars for your ship, new outfits, inventory upgrades from hunting, sea shanties your crew sings while sailing (you will find yourself humming along to your favorites, if you have a heart), and different weapons from challenges like the pistol swords.There's nothing like riding the wind full sail bearing down on a British Man-o-War loaded with gold and treasure through a heavens-sundering storm like a vengeful spirit while your crew sing Leave Her, Johnny, surprising the slaver ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with a screaming volley of mortars before smashing them open with the Jackdaw's trusty ram, then swinging onto the deck from a rope and taking the prize bloody with cutlass and pistol."
,Recommended,242050,29259719,Posted: 14 January,all,Vendetta™ hyper-keys.com,"One of the best Assassin's Creed series because it is different than the other games. Story is great, Edward is great and ship battles are amazing. Graphic is good but this game is badly optimized, like other Assassin's Creed games from series but it's worth!"
,Recommended,242050,24419464,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Vicious Beast,"I think the running around parts got, if anything, slightly worse... tailing people is less interesting since blonde pirates have X-Ray vision, and aside from that there's not much new to it other than grenades and more hiding spots. However, the game also introduces the whole sailing thingamabob, which is the most actiony rendition of sailing a big hulking ship I've ever seen.Story-wise, the pirate main character is quite different from the previous protagonists, which is refreshing and fun, but the present-day parts do a bad job at convincing me to be interested in the new impending apocalypse that Desmond replaced the old one with at the end of the last game. Perhaps that's why they stopped numbering them after this one: because they too couldn't be bothered to care about the modern-day plot any more."
,Recommended,242050,8510382,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dingus McGee,There better be a Part 2 to this!!!
,Recommended,242050,10024878,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Hairbautt,"One of Ubisoft's triple A titles, Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag (AC4: BF) further expands the Assassin's Creed universe not only in terms of the plot, but in gameplay as well. It's rare to find a game that builds off of so much material, but AC4: BF stands out against the traditional video game since it offers a variety of side-quests or mini-games. Within AC4: BF there is crafting, naval fleet management & trading, item collection, hunting, harpooning, piracy, exploring and of course the third-person assassination missions that we all know and love from the franchise. AC4: BF is absolute fun and has become the premier pirate game. Everything from the diverse gameplay to the graphics and sounds, AC4: BF is not to be passed up by any self-respecting gamer as it is what video games should be delivering in terms of experience."
76561198107054189,Recommended,242050,24307661,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,TrashMilitaryInstructor,"1- Board a ship2- Play ""I am a pirate""3-???4-Profit"
76561197964076953,Recommended,242050,25350433,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Xerox,"Graphic settings guide/tip:After turning off V-sync in-game (since it limits FPS to 30 for some reason) as well as turning it on in Nvidia Control Panel along with Trippel Buffering and then force V-sync and trippel buffering with D3DOvveride (search google), I now don't have the 30 fps limit problem in cities. My FPS never drops below 45 and the game looks amazing with no screen tearing.In-game settings:Everything on highest except for PhysX particles (normal). TXAA 4x and HBAO+ (high). V-sync OFF!Nvidia settings:http://imgur.com/2M3i0nvDigital Vibrance set at 75% in Color Settings.Nvidia GeForce Experience driver version 372.70Specs:Screen resolution: 1920x1200 @ 60 HzIntel Core i7-4790K @ 4.00 GHzAsus GTX 970 Strix DirectCU II OC 4GBCorsair Vengeance DDR3 16GB RAMSamsung Evo 840 250 GB SSDDirectX 12Win 10 64-bitsHope this was helpful."
,Recommended,242050,21916436,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Apples,"This game is so good. It has amazing ship combat, treasure, pirates, beautiful graphics. Its probably the best pirate game out there. Theres only one problem though...Its an assassins creed game.This game has so much potential, yet its constantly held back by assassins creeds terrible storyline. One minute you'll find yourself looting and plundering, doing pirate stuff. The next you'll find yourself thrown into this stupid ""assasins and templars"" abstergo storyline. Its horrible. Not to mention every 2 missions is some sort of ""follow this guy without being detected"" or ""sneak around these guys without being detected"" quest. Its such a huge change of pace, going from taking a fort or fighting off enemy ships in a hurricane to sneaking around people slowly or following some guy through the street.Slowly. I know I should have expected this considering this IS an assassins creed game, but it bothers me to see a game this fun wasted on a series im not too fond of. They should have just ditched the assassins on this one (and ditch UPlay too while they're at it)That being said, if you dont mind the occasional stealth missions here and there, this is an amazing game that i would highly reccomend, despite how much i complain about it. It has a huge game world which you can roam around freely, great combat, both on and off the ship and stunning graphics."
,Recommended,242050,22012443,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ignis Rex,"I'll start by saying I've never played an Assassin's Creed game before this one. That might have some bearing on my opinions of it, maybe not. This game is pretty damned good, though. Even without the (what I assume to be) over-arching AC story, it stands up. The modern-day stuff could have, in my opinion, been taken out entirely and it would have #1 been just fine and #2 made just as much sense story-wise.Being a pirate is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. I haven't seen a game yet that really captures the feeling of sailing on the high seas as well as this one. It's not exactly like LoZ: Wind Waker, where you have to be mindful of the wind direction and such, but it feels really good anyway. The naval combat is superb as well, and while the boarding actions (and the resulting cinematics afterwards) don't necessarily seem realistic in the midst of a huge battle, but it works anyway. Upgrading the ship feels really good, too. You can customize your sail color and figurehead with unlockables, but there's really no better than the Crimson sails, which you get fairly early on and I never changed. Finding upgrade plans in underwater chests and with treasure maps is always neat as well, and really gives you a reason to explore. And honestly, you'll be exploring anyway. The game mostly open-world, so you can completely disregard the main story-to a degree-and just explore and conquer the seas. My advice, though, would be to at least progress throught he story until you get the diving bell. It's really not all that far in and you need it for certain ship upgrades. I made the mistake of conquering about 50% of the map before I did that, but it's not really a huge deal.The hand-to-hand combat is a bit trivial, you really only need to wait to block, then hit kill. Not a lot of challenge, but it's fun anyway usually. All the stealth bits are also there as you would expect from an AC game, and those are done well.So what's bad? Well, like I said before, I gave 0 ♥♥♥♥s about the modern day missions. They kinda sucked me out of the game, and while they don't last too long, they're kinda boring and have pointless mini games thrown in. One of them is literally just Frogger. They also pair you up with an IT guy with all the social skills of a broom in a dark closet. Just an annoying character. And to top it all off, towards the end of the game it gets stupid. Like, really stupid. This is one of those moments where maybe it would make more sense if I had played the earlier AC games, but they don't give much explanation for it here and it's just a big wtf moment. Like, I just want to go around doing awesome pirate♥♥♥♥♥♥ but they make me walk around (because that's all you can do in modern-day missions) and watch some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥they offer no real explanation for. There's hints about the ongoing Templar-Assassin war happening even today, but it still felt really unnecessary.That's honestly my only complaint. It's an aweome game, being a pirate is fun as hell, they tie in a lot of actual historical figures from the Age of Piracy, the sailing is great, harpooning is awesome, I just disliked the modern stuff. But hey, that's what the series is. Would definitely recommend, even for those who haven't played Assassin's Creed before."
,Recommended,242050,19848297,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Winhart,"[You really feel like you are a pirate, so careless and free to do what ever you want.]The Best Pirate Game ever.."
,Recommended,242050,17255816,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Guardy,"The graphics, soundtrack and gameplay are great and it runs well even on my measly intel 4000 integrated graphics.The story falls a bit short, unfortunately; not only because of the writing but also because it's easy to get distracted by side activities until you can't remember what was going on anyway and probably can't be bothered to care either.That said, it's not bad, if you don't mind a more fantasy-oriented AC game with a lot of focus on mythology and stuff, but it's not exactly the most captivating piece of AC storyline I've ever seen.The game runs smoothly even on my laptop (Yes, I'm playing this on a laptop. Sue me.) and I haven't encountered any bugs, either (apart from the occasional sword phasing through some of the outfits, but I have yet to see a game where that doesn't happen).The parcour pathfinding is no less aggravating than it could be in previous games, and there are some climb-able things it really hates, such as a few parts of mast and rigging, as well as the occasional tree. Fluidly running over rooftops and the like works good, though - if you can find enough rooftops to run over, that is.You don't need to constantly hold down three keys (forward, sprint and freerunning) anymore, only two; you only need the third one for jumps deemed 'unsafe' by the pathfinding, which is definitely an improvement.Hand-to-hand (or, well, sword-to-sword) combat is okay, but neither particularly hard nor terribly exciting. Very satisfying, though, and it looks awesome.Naval combat, however, is fluid, streamlined and just plain fun once you get the hang of it.The only thing that is probably even more fun than naval combat is sailing: The different weather conditions are beautiful to watch (look out for high waves during sunshine - the color of the sea when the sunlight shines through the waves is a very nice and very pretty touch), if occasionally slightly aggravating (hello there, super-dense fog and intense storms with unfortunate timing) but ah, the things you gladly suffer for a bit of realism.The ship handles very nicely too, and the level of texture you can see even while sailing is incredible.(Also, bonus point forsea shanties, dangit! Best thing ever. Although the soundtrack if you deactivate them is glorious, too. Win/win.)I don't know if I've mentioned it yet, but the game is stunningly beautiful. Very detailed, very nicely textured and well made, with a very clean, intricate and atmospheric look.If you're anything like me you'll probably end up climbing sync points more for the looks than for anything else, especially because the map is a good deal less integral to you finding your way around than it used to be.The only thing that I don't like about AC4 is the amount of wasted potential: AssCreed needs a more captivating story than AC4 has and as much as I love it as it is, it probably would've been the game of my dreams if they'd just made a pure pirate game out of it and expanded on the pirate-y parts of it. The Assasin parts of the game do feel a bit tacked on every now and then.Still, I don't regret spending money on this - it was totally worth every cent of it and I can full-heartedly recommend it - it may not be a perfect game, but it is a very,verygood one."
76561198086864990,Recommended,242050,13942443,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,|FTG|Demtor345,10/10 would plunder them booty again
76561198129043381,Recommended,242050,24571480,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,X itsgeorge X (teaandtoast),good game fun and quite cheap would recomend
76561198048244390,Recommended,242050,20654977,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,frostdiamond,"***Work-in-progress review***Merely 3% complete and I already know this is going to be the best AC game I've played to date (not counting Rogue, Unity and Syndicate).Black Flag takes everything awesome and fun about AC II and bring them to the next level.PROS:- Drop dead gorgeous graphics!- Typical awesome, epic pirate tracks!- Fluid and entertaining parkour system!- Satisfying and responsive combat system- Charismatic protagonist (AC III SUCKS)- Finally, some female! (AC III SUCKS)- Assasination missions are back! (AC III SUCKS)- Courtesans are back! (AC III SUCKS)- Colletibles hunting no longer feels like a chore (AC III SUCKS)CONS:- Understandbly more demanding on hardware.  With 3770K + 970 + 16GB, I couldn't run the game at 60 fps with everything maxed out at 2560 x 1440.- Even at maximum mouse sensitivity, camera moves rather slowly, forcing me to drag my palm across the mousepad instead of simply moving my wrist.GOLDEN AGE OF PIRACY.  If you are getting one AC game, Black Flag is it!"
,Recommended,242050,8776857,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Sumurai8,"Amazing game. The sailing is awesome, and there is soo much to do. The story feels a little bit cut short, but even then I already got 70+ hours of gameplay out of it."
,Recommended,242050,23756724,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ρяє∂αтσя,"Highly recommended for those interested in open-world and stealth games. You will be thrilled with so much actions before you know it. The game itself introduces a strong focal point in naval exploration for the first time in the series, which is something quite unusual. Another relatively similar game to this is the newer Assassin's Creed Rogue. Like all games in the series, the game incorporate both present modern-day events and a fictional history of real life events based on the 18th century Caribbean during the Golden Age of Piracy, featuring three major cities of Havanna, Nassau and Kinston. The plot is long lasting and quite overwhelming as you progress further in the story."
76561198036003413,Recommended,242050,23779534,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nigerian_Prince,Best in the series
,Recommended,242050,11122314,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,AUSTINTACIOUS,"This is the greatest game I have ever played. I have never spent over 10 hours straight on any game before until playing this. This is unlike any other Assassins Creed game made before it. The naval and sea battles are a massive part of this game and I love it. The effects and gameplay, cut scenes and story, graphics and detail, just about everything you look for in a good game is here and ten times over. It is vast and endless and will end up racking up some serious hours on this game. The things you can do on this game are unreal! Even if you didn't like other Assassins Creed games or have never even played one, you must get this. Hours upon hours of fun!"
,Recommended,242050,11667814,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,418,"I spent about 40 hours playing this game.  Gameplay wise, it's great.  The gameplay is the same engine as AC3.  Edward Kenway controls the same as Haytham & Connor Kenway.  The ship traveling is the same mechanic but improved greatly.  Sailing island to island, ship combat, boarding an enemy ship & plundering all their loot is a lot of fun & something I did probably over 50 times.The gameplay is perfect, no complaints here.  I wouldn't spend 40 hours if the gameplay was flawed.The big part of every AC game is the story, and I have kind of mixed feelings about the story here.  On one hand, it's a great story with great characters that takes place in the Assassin's Creed universe, but the whole assassins vs templars thing isn't necessarily the main plot going on.  All of the supporting characters are interesting, but I have these complaints with it:1) The main villain of the story is barely seen only a few times through out the entire game, we really don't get to know much about him which is a major contrast to how well we got to know previous AC villains, especially the villains in AC3 which we knew quite well, only Revelations had a villain we knew less about.2) For that matter, pretty much all of the antagonists don't really get much screen time.  While some characters become good guys & others become bad guys, very little time is devoted to developing any of the other characters that aren't one of the main 5 or so characters.3) The motive is kind of hard to understand.  It starts out simple: ""I want booty, gotta get rich or die trying"" and it progresses into something more complicated, but it skips a lot of steps that explain why Edward has a change of heart and develops into a more mature character.At one point in the end of the game, one of the villains makes a comment that he's lost everyone in his life thanks to him & the other villains, but that's not true.  He was already divorced/separated from his wife before the game started.  A few of his friends died or betrayed him, but it wasn't necessarily due to anything the villains or Edward did.  It was the villain taking credit for what wasn't his to take credit for.  At some points, Edward shows that he cares about people in his life and at other points, acts like nobody matters to him but himself.And I'm trying to not spoil anything, but come on AC games always have plot twists and characters dying.Having gotten these flaws out of the way, it's still a very fun game.  I'm actually curious where they're going with the modern day 2013 storyline again, where as the 2012 storyline in AC3 was pretty boring.  Ubisoft has said they've thought of an ending that will be final & ultimate, but I have a feeling they're going to keep milking out yearly AC titles until the cash cow runs dry, ala Call of Duty.  At any rate, AC Unity looks pretty damn good, I'll be getting it probably around Christmas.Final verdict: 8.4/10  Better than AC1 & AC3, but the Ezio trilogy still reigns supreme."
,Recommended,242050,9664581,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Odicinho,"Im an assasins creed fan,and this game is AWESOME. Its so beautiful game with perfect characters! And graphics is PERFECT!  Black Flag best Assassin's Creed since Assassin's Creed II!!! ;D"
,Recommended,242050,31332662,Posted: 23 April,all,RegularShowMemorabilia,"To me, this is the only Assassin's Creed game that I could stomach to play.I like pretty much everything about it, and the graphics still look good to this day. The only thing I dislike is the running, and how it automatically jumps onto walls, sometimes when you're running past them, which throws off the whole chase if you were doing a chase mission, but that's a crap feature that's included in all AC games.Dying Light did parkour right, not Assassin's Creed. Assassins Creed made it too easy.Still worth buying, definitely."
76561198072597017,Recommended,242050,9033481,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,BmoreBraap,"Best AC game to date imo. More like a pirate simluator based in the early 1700s in the Caribbean, that uses AC combat. Sick graphics and environments."
,Recommended,242050,7818166,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,"yarr harr deedly dee dee, you are a pirate."
,Recommended,242050,23882598,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Aurumlamina,"The fourth numbered entry in the Assassin's Creed series that proudly carries all that a title like that entails.  I'll keep this short for people by assuming that those reading know the basics of these games and I'll specifically go over the biggest changes since Assassin's Creed 3.Ship combat has been improved and is a far larger part of the game than previously.  I'm sure that this is assumed since you're a pirate now but the developers outdid themselves and made it an absolute blast.  You can now upgrade pretty much every aspect of your ship several levels by acquiring resources to do so.  How, you ask?  Good old fashioned piracy.  Blast an enemy ship to the point of almost sinking and you can swing aboard for some good old swashbuckling which will net you resources, crew, materials to repair your ship, and even additional ships to do your bidding in the fleet mini-games.  In an abstract sense, I almost felt like I was playing a modern Sid Meier's Pirates when I was sailing about the Caribbean.As per usual in Assassin's Creed, the ancestor's story was great and very engaging but the blasts to the present frequently bored me to tears.   In this game, even moreso than the others, I often wished that AC was composed entirely of the memory sequences instead of any of the Abstergo Entertainment garbage.Edward Kenway, the protagonist and Connor from AC3's grandfather, is an interesting character who I enjoyed playing as.  A drunken pirate with a love of plunder who rides a character arc that ends with him growing as an individual, he fit the atmosphere perfectly and really fit the bill.  The supporting cast was also fantastic and I found that I grew attached to several of the characters over the course of the game.  Each was well written and had an interesting arc of their own in the game's story.I highly recommend this game to fans of the series as well as any who are looking for a good stealth game with fun combat mechanics and/or a great piracy simulator.  The Freedom Cry DLC is also very much worth it on a sale price and will provide several hours of entertainment playing a character that contrasts Edward to the extreme.  Aveline, on the other hand, is enjoyable but very much a demo offering only about half an hour of play."
,Recommended,242050,12766299,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,DOPPELRAC,"so i knew about the assasin's creed video games... but never really thought much about them or really knew much about them, so when i played this game. I LOVED THE MUSIC, GAMEPLAY, GRAPHICS, STORY, AND EVERYTHING ABOUT IT!i really recomend this game if your looking for an adventure!"
,Recommended,242050,8811541,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Sattelizer,This game is by far one of the best games of the year.
,Recommended,242050,23947577,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,βeo `,This game has one of the best ending i ever played :)
76561197999388151,Recommended,242050,22710558,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,chocolatepump,I love pirate booty.  This game is awesome.
,Recommended,242050,8634554,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Mint,"Black Flag is competing to be the best Assassin's Creed title since Assassin's Creed II.Great Graphic , Nice Detail .. but  short story   :["
,Recommended,242050,23642399,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Doli,"Fun, but it gets somewhat boring when you have so much power and money and no use for it. The guards are always so dumb it's ridiculous and the glitches are really annoying."
76561198059679005,Recommended,242050,11220297,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,HolyDiver🤘,"I had many issues getting this game to work, inculding 1 with uplay. Seems lots of other people had issues like this too.BUT! The game itself is amazing. I was never a fan of the series, but the pirate theme got my attention. The story is quite lengthy which is rare to find in games these days, and the huge open world is full of life, many naval battles going on out at sea, assassins still fighting templars, hunting, crafting exploring, finding tresure maps, side missions/stories ect. Also its based in the tropics so very colorful world. Also plenty of customization and upgrading for your character and ship. Its still very assassins creed game and combat system is the same, but if the rest sounds intersting to you, maybe pick in up when on sale. Sometimes movement,jumping and climbing over objects and terrain is a little buggy, which sucks when your tryna escape or go stealth. Thats my only complaint besides having trouble getting it to launch."
,Recommended,242050,13159530,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,★TheAssass1n★,"WOW! there is absolutely no word to describe this game it's just absolutely fantastic. Set during the early 18th century Caribbean during the Golden Age of Piracy, the story follows notorious pirate Edward Kenway, the grandfather of Assassin's Creed III's protagonist Ratonhnhaké:ton, who stumbles upon the conflict that's waged by the Assassins and Templars.Unlike most of the previous games, gameplay elements focus more on ship-based exploration in the open world map, while still also retaining the series' third-person land-based exploration, melee combat, and stealth system. Multiplayer also returns, albeit with only land-based modes and settings.Assassin's Creed IV has three new main cities; Havana, Kingston, and Nassau, which is currently residing under the Spanish, British, and pirate influence, respectively. Assassin's Creed IV has a much more open world feel, with missions that are very similar to those found in Assassin's Creed, as well as fewer restrictions for you.The world opens up much sooner in the game, as opposed to Assassin's Creed III, which had very scripted missions and did not give the player freedom to explore until the game was well into its first act. You will encounter jungles, forts, ruins, and small villages.The world is built to allow you to have much more freedom. Assassin's Creed IV also features 50 other individual locations including atolls, sea forts, Mayan ruins, sugar plantations and underwater shipwrecks to explore, with a 60/40 balance between land and naval exploration.A new aspect in the game is the Jackdaw, the ship that the notorious pirate Edward Kenway captains. The Jackdaw is upgradeable throughout the game, and it is very easily accessible to you when needed. In addition, a new underwater component has also been added. You now have access to a spyglass, which allows for the examination of distant ships, along with all of their cargo and their current strength.Overall I give this game a solid 10/10 it is by far the best Assassin's Creed game I've played. I really recommend this game because I am 100% sure that Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag will not disappoint you in anyway at all!."
76561198196355845,Recommended,242050,31017784,Posted: 8 April,all,DCarston,This game is great
76561198019372691,Not Recommended,242050,8010736,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Blubb0r,"Really nice graphics, many different minigames and sidequest. Marvellous ship simulation. And then there is the controll. Simply bad and annoying. Very often you're don't even have control and Edward is doing what he wants. Many bugs like clipping events which prevents you from skinning animals. You often don't see the indicator for the counter and so on!Simply not sophisticated, so no AAA title..."
76561198044515126,Not Recommended,242050,15881518,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Brain,"It's one of those strange things, I really enjoy sailing, ship battles and upgrading the ship but the missions are AWFUL. It's the same thing over and over, follow someone as they loop around the city, get spotted once and you restart. I come back to assassin's creed games hoping they have come up with something new, something unique in the missions but they haven't. If they only spent as much time on the core game as they did on the ships, physics etc... It's a horrible game with a decent candy coating... A candy coated turd."
76561198055508546,Recommended,242050,13030136,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,KelaNox,"Pretty fun!  Whether you follow the story line or just like to explore, this game has the feel of skyrim with a dash of pirating."
76561198005076299,Not Recommended,242050,8069514,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Buchera,Awfule game! Never saw a game where progress does not save. Rediculos! I want my money back!Spent my only free two days for nothing!
76561198420429684,Not Recommended,242050,35235494,Posted: 26 September,all,Aloha Snackbar,Uplay doesn't even work so I cannot play this game. It might be the best in the series but I guess I will never find out.
76561198054781986,Not Recommended,242050,18987781,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,T.E.D,"It's a good game, the main problem are the missleading suystem reccomended specifications here on Steam.Following rant:What are the reccomended specifications for? Running this at 720p 30fps? I have a GTX 570, i7 2600k and 8GBs of ram and just get it to run on medium details 1080p 30fps with v-sync on and around 40s with it off. If you want 1080p medium-high details at a solid 60fps a GTX 680 or r9 280X is a minimum."
,Not Recommended,242050,21005190,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Eight Ball,"Bought it in the Lunar Sale.Found it impossible to play because of Uplay and the ""no internet connection"" bug. A word from someone waiting on a refund from Steam, I'm told Black Flag is the best Assassins Creed game to date but I can't recommend a game a third party program like Uplay governs.Uplay: 0/10Assassins Creed Black Flag: ?/10Edit due to comments:I had tried troobleshooting various recommended ways including clean installing Uplay from the Uplay website, still no luck. Luckily I was smart enough to close the Steam Uplay launcher, if I hadn't Steam would have taken the launcher being open as me playing Black Flag and I would never have gotten my refund."
,Recommended,242050,8252687,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Wolf Revo,"When I finished with the disappointing Assassin's Creed III I vowed that the only thing that could get me to buy the next one is if they made it almost entirely naval battles. Looks like Ubisoft was listening. I'm very happy to say that Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag may be my favorite Assassin's Creed game of all time. It is certainly the one I have spent the most time playing, at almost 60 hours. It's competition is of course Assassin's Creed II, which had a great cast of characters and a story that spanned several decades. Black Flag's story is not as strong, but there are plenty of great characters and tons of open-world activities to entertain you in the meantime. It also doesn't hurt that pirates were one of my minor childhood obsessions.The key to including side activities in a game is to make them enjoyable. Black Flag succeeds so well in that area that I focused most of my time plundering ships, taking over forts, and doing assassin contracts rather than advancing the story missions. This lead to several amusing moments where I played story missions clearly intended to teach me how to do a side activity (take over a fort, for example), only I had already done that activity several times on my own. Some side activities are better than others; attacking and boarding ships never really gets old, but I only hunted when I absolutely needed a particular pelt to craft a piece of equipment.The downside to making an ambitious open-world game like this is that it may have been a little too much for the developers to handle. There were numerous times when my movement would be impeded by invisible obstacles, and there were occasional objects getting stuck inside walls. None of this was a game breaker, but it is something you notice. My favorite was in a scene where Blackbeard was being very menacing, very serious, and then a bug changed the tone of the whole scene.https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=omLUrQRu0PEIf you play Black Flag simply for the story, you probably won't think it is an amazing game. It's biggest problem is that it lacks direction. It tried at the end to bring everything together with a fairly emotional scene in which Edward reflected on all the people he had lost on the way, but it didn't feel like enough. The real magic happens while you are just having fun sailing around, fighting royal convoys and pirate hunters, getting caught in storms, and listening to your crew sing sea shanties. Speaking of which, the soundtrack is once again wonderful, and it keeps getting stuck in my head while I am away from the game.I have read a lot of people complaining about the modern-day story that the game advances every once in a while. I didn't mind, but I think that may have to do with my unique perspective: I'm a computer science student, and Abstergo Entertainment is somewhere I could totally see myself working at in a couple of years. I enjoyed just walking around looking at all the nice equipment they have.Visually Black Flag is a beauty. My biggest complaint about Assassin's Creed III's graphics was the resolution of their textures, and that problem has definitely been fixed. I suspect that the new generation of consoles had to do with that.Assassin's Creed is the only annual franchise that I have been able to get behind, and I think the key is variation. The unifying element is freerunning, but there have been many twists and additions to it that help keep each game feeling fresh. Couple that with the fact that there are many different settings for them to choose from, and I predict that this series will continue on for quite a while.$60 is definitely a reasonable price for this game, and I also feel comfortable recommending it as a jumping-in point to the series for those of you who have missed out on it until now."
,Recommended,242050,9093538,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Captain Serious,"When I played Assassin's Creed 3 I said to myself, ""I hope they make a whole game centered around this amazing naval combat "".  When Black Flag was announced my excitement and anticipation was highly optimistic.  After playing Black Flag I can honestly say it's by far my favorite Assassin's Creed title, and quite possibly the best game of the entire series.Ubisoft has hit every nail squarely with their design decisions for AC4, starting with a new badass main character that rivals the charm, toughness, and intriguing story of the Ezio era.  The Connor character from AC3 was likable in few ways compared to Kenway.The naval system and combat was improved and given a much larger focus in AC4, as to be expected in a game about pirates.  The vast scale of the map will blow you away the first time you zoom out to find your location, and realize how large this open world is.  Once I took to the seas I immediately found myself unable to stop playing.  The atmosphere is amazing.  Storm clouds rolling, whales jumping, ships sailing and battling each other, all while your crew sings the most catchy shanties that will have you singing along.  I seriously loved just casually sailing looking for collectables while listening to my crew sing.Speaking of collectables they introduced a perfect pirates tie in for collection quests in the form of actual treasure maps.  The maps would give you a general coordinate to search, but to find the treasure you'll have to study the map and your surroundings looking for landmarks to find the X that marks the spot.  Other collectables included animus fragments, sea shanties lyrics, messages in bottles, and money chests.  These aren't hidden collectables, but they are scattered all over the open world and add more story for those completion fans.Now, it wouldn't be an AC game without assassination missions.  While the games best moments occur on the seas, it's by no means saying the assassin parts are bad.  They are quite excellent.  Granted the games combat mechanics have not changed or evolved much since it's inception, but that's not a bad thing entirely.  They simply want to stick with what works, and are not trying to reinvent the wheel of the AC franchise.   The assassin segments do a great job of adding variety to the environments spanning huge Caribbean cities,  jungle villages, island fishing towns, and underwater caves.The one definitive thing about Black Flag is you'll never be without something cool to see or do.  I didn't even mention multiplayer yet, which is still the same solid game it's been since Revelations.  My only complaint about Black Flag was they couldn't give a us Pirate Ship multiplayer battle mode.All I can say is, ""I hope they make a whole multiplayer game centered around this amazing naval combat """
,Recommended,242050,8461497,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rick James,Main Character is Welsh.- 5 Stars
,Recommended,242050,11169427,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Stoli,It's kind of like dust II but different
76561197971253689,Recommended,242050,20342701,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,SYYK,The best AC game since 2.The story is not as deep but the pirateship gameplay is terrific.
,Recommended,242050,7706522,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,UnityGN (Jaxim),"This game is the surprise of the year for me. I started to lose interest in the AC series pretty quickly after AC2 which was my favorite in the series, until now. I knew nothing about this game other than the pirate theme, and I had no real interest in playing it, but damn am I glad I got the chance to try it out. This game is INCREDIBLY fun, more so than I ever would have thought. I honestly haven't been this engrossed in a video game in a quite a long time. Not to mention it's absolutely gorgeous looking. You would be doing a disservice to yourself to pass this one by...I almost did. Just play the damn game, you will enjoy the hell out of it. YARRRRRRRR!"
,Recommended,242050,7712645,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,HyMxzx,"buy it ,,"
,Recommended,242050,14983622,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,soffkiller,"great , great great great .shimey me tinbers"
76561198048091979,Recommended,242050,9571696,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Prometheus Unbound,"If you ever wanted to play a pirate game with a wonderful open world, colorful characters, combat that, while a little repetetive at times, is still somehow enjoyable, a ship that can modified (somewhat). Then this is the game for you.Dont let the Assassins Creed title fool you. Sure, it is in the same universe laid down by the past games (Templars versus Assassins). But at the risk of a slight spoiler, you are neither. You are the privateer turned pirate Edward Kenway. And all your actions in this game, even during interactions with the two main factions in this game are motivated by your typical piratical greed.I dont know how many other ways i can say this. Its a pirate game with some of the conspiracy theory type storyline of AC thrown in for good measure. But mostly the storyline is about piratical matters.Dont play this if you are expecting the next installment of Assassins Creed. Its not.In fact, i feel like the developers of AC at Ubisoft just wanted an excuse for a, well made, pirate game and couldnt quite fit the old storyline into it much, so just added a sprinkle of it. And made the game.You know, what they made is something that i genuinely think is great. If they had focused on semi-historical games that were not Assassins Creed they would still have been great games. This is. Sure it has a few little bugs. What game hasn't?This is a great Pirate game. And most of all, Not too cliched. The pirates in the game are not all: Argh!! and comical. They seem geuinely human, a little amoral at times but still human."
,Recommended,242050,11329124,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Puddy,"Having played most of the Assassins Creed series I am quite used to it but, This game is just so much better than the rest. The combat is awesome (Infantry and Naval) and there are some really good elements to the game such as, recruiting pirates, taking over other ships and then choosing what you can do with the wreckage of the ship ( Repair, Destroy and so on) This really does add to the game in an awesome wayThere is a couple of problems involving minor detail for example, The death animations of the guards and enemies are broken...  For example, you kill a guard near a wall and his foot goes through the wall playing the death/execution animation after you have killed him and in order the the corpse to ragdoll it need to go in to the ragdoll physics, in the ragdoll physics you will see that the foot has got cought in the wall and makes the guard glitch out. It's amusing to see but kind of annoying at the same time.Over all I rate it 8/10 because it is awesome but not perfect. Thank you for reading my review."
76561198144842281,Recommended,242050,14912359,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,The Real Fallen,Its Assassins Creed...Must have.
,Recommended,242050,31348670,Posted: 24 April,all,Iron,"I really enjoyed Black Flag. The story, characters and world were all great. The ship combat is probably the games best feature, and could be a game in itself."
,Recommended,242050,20400798,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Darturias,"Black Flag is not really an Assasin's Creed game. It's basically a pirates game with assasins outfits and hidden blades in which you plunder, murder, raid, spread chaos, defy the government and increase the power and resistance of your ship to sink even more efficiently fishing and merchant boats.Fruits of Eden, new global order, light versus darkness? Nah. Gold, rum and busty women are the goals of your life in this game. Also scuba diving, shark hunting and panther stabbing games in the always beauty waters and rainforests of the Caribbean.It's pretty cool if you like pirate games, I enjoyed this one a lot."
,Recommended,242050,19457143,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Zherax,"A game about the life of a pirate during the Golden Age of Piracy with a neat little Assassins versus Templars sub-plot.Game changes to modern day sections every now and then for no reason, detracts from the experience slightly but otherwise is good."
76561197990978121,Recommended,242050,22003032,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Jiburiruu,"This game is incredible inovative and cre<ative compared to it's predecessors. I played them all and I have to say that Black Flag is a huge improvement in the AC series. It's awfully addicting and there is so much to explore and collect. It's a very clever mix of creativ breath taking content and solid repeating gameplay like seizing other ships, which can be fun for hours. The graphics are still amazing now in 2016 too.All in all I really have nothing to complain about, I had zero problems with U-play and only a few minor bugs (fell threw the  floor once and some quest people were missing sometimes, but nothing which coudln't be fixed easily with a reload or a quick travel)I totally recomend playing this game!"
76561198168714056,Recommended,242050,22035483,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,JohnFelix,awesome when playing multiplayer than soloadd me on ubisoft and we can play together (Johnfelix616)
,Recommended,242050,9937741,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,BlackJack λ,"A very entertaining game, at the start it seemed like it would be a game that I would just roll through, but once the story gets going, I found that it was a very good one. It does a different take on the Assassin's, more focusing on the character than the Creed, but anyone who has played a previous AC will definitely enjoy it in my opinion."
76561198202789984,Recommended,242050,18093124,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,jezerk01,"i love this game, going around sailing under the black flag is one of the coolest fealings you can get in a game. if ye be seaking adventure look no ferther ye have girls,glory,adventure,and booty awaiting you! .................................................... ......and carple tunle from playing this game so mutch ya its that fun."
76561198125310541,Recommended,242050,28382584,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,FallenAngel408,"8.5/10Finally finished this game, after being behind in the series for years, and then restarting after getting half way through the game, due to needing to factory reset my computer.Pros:Great character developmentHuge (at least compared to the other AC games) world to exploreTons of side questsShip battles are pretty fun (and pretty intense, when you get 3-4 frigates and a couple man o wars on you)Crafting system was okay, and it made you have to go out and hunt to be able to craftHunting was alright, harpoon hunting was pretty fun (although the trajectory of the harpoon was a little weird at times)Cons:Characters that I really liked died... :cries:Ship trading route things, while good at making money, were insanely boring and annoyingAlthough I didn't do every side quest, the game seemed a bit shorter than the othersEvery once in a while, even though ive done an objective for a main mission, it wouldn't register, and I'd have to reload from my last checkpointSlightly repetitive, like all the other AC games (although not quite as repetive as the others)To get a full sync on your memories, you have to do certain things. to my knowledge, there's no way to see what those things are, unless you by chance do it without noticing, and then see the little progress box come up (about half of my memories are only 80% sync because of this)Funny bug I found:If you jump from the top of a windmill, onto one of the rotating fin things while its coming up, it shoots you about 100 feet in the air, and then kills you when you fall to the ground. I'm almost ashamed to say I did it for a solid 20 minutes, because it was funny."
76561198133139131,Recommended,242050,14971546,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,finesse,Its really a nice game. 4/5
,Recommended,242050,24090471,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Molag Zaal,Pirates simulator 200810/10
,Recommended,242050,31165477,Posted: 15 April,all,Slightly Expired Yogurt,"Assassin's Creed Black Flag is probably the best Assasin's Creed game that there is. The combat is the the fun, bloody, skilled fighting you've gotten used to through the previous games but with new weapons and gadgets to help make the experience fresh and updated. The story's ok, i mean its an assasin's creed game, they basically all have the same campaign but with a different reskin each time. But hey, that's not why you're here, you're here for the boats. Probably the best thing ever to happen to the Assasin's creed franchise, they made the entire game around the new, extremely fun mechanic of boating and pirating. The exploration and raiding you'll do out on the open seas will keep you excited and busy for hours while also being intertwined with the story. This is what made this game better than all the others. So many people loved this part of the game so much, it just has to be a part of the newer games, r-right guys? They wouldn't risk taking it away from the newer ones."
,Recommended,242050,10738417,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Benny,"""10/10"" - Benny"
,Recommended,242050,14591609,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Elitepotatoz,"One of my favourite Assassins Creed games since ACII. The story could be better but hey, anything is better than Unity, Crash Team Racing has a better storyline and Gameplay than AC:Unity. Once you have finished the game you have hours of collectables & forts that we have become used to in other AC titles.The controls for this game are great, combat is the same old counter-based style which i like. The Ship combat is easy to get used to for anyone who has not played ACIII. The free running is solid apart from a few glitches here and there but for me it was a rare occurence.In conclusion this game is worth the £20 I payed for it and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to play or have played other AC Games. - 10/10 would play again"
76561198176877413,Recommended,242050,33559033,Posted: 15 July,all,an erect scallion,Im a sucker for Assassin's Creed and Pirates so this game is perfect for meme
,Recommended,242050,15458712,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Death,"New edits:This, for me, is ts the BEST Assasins Creed Game I've ever played, hands down.Combat, game play, game length and the story transition smoothly into the next, and the room for character development and upgrades in this massive open world experience is plenty.Notes:Graphics: Sleek and beautiful. Most issues you'll encounter have been solved in online forums, so do your homework. Of mention is PhysX. Disable that, even if you have an NVIDIA GPU. It has noticeable memory leaks and degrades game performance substantially, and the effects it enables are very minimal. Again, your mileage may vary.Story:The most epic part of the game, if I may confess. The characters are well developed, and it highlights key cultural notes of the height of piracy in the West indies and the figures of that time (Mary Read , Anne Bony, Black Beard, Calico Jack, etc) and the tumultous events of that period (such as the Maroon uprising, the execution of Calico Jack, the deaths of Mary Read and Black Beard and the role of piracy in shaping up the eventual collapse of  the Pirate republic). All in all, we see the main protagonist, Edward Kenway, grow up from  a rash seafarer to an experienced, self-centered pirate who found his purpose to his calling with the Assasins' and eventual maturity into a legend after Mary Read's death.This storyline and the many hours you'll spend pirating will keep you going back for more, and to be frank, this is probably the most nostalgic Assasins' Creed game in the franchise.Audio/ Sound work: Excellently done. The music in this game is expertly composed, and the shanties are a timely and welcome addition to the deep, well-crafted in-game environment. Also, quite memorable.The english speakers are quite fluent, and all in all, a high quality recreation of the characters they represent.Gameplay: Reminiscent of Assassins Creed III, the action is split about 60:40 land/sea in missions, and there's a ton of side activities, exploration, assassinations, and naval expeditions to execute in this exhilirating chapter of Assassins Creed. A slight drawback (in my opinion) is that combat , naval expeditions and assassinations feel a bit repetitive compared to the previous Assassins Creed games, and not much innovation has been done to the aging combat system in this franchise. Compared to other free-flow combat games such as Batman Arkham City, this game feels way more immature in that regard, and furtthermore, lowers the game difficulty considerably. A plus on the side is that parkour is flawless, and the emphasis on climbing tall access points for synchronization isn't emphasized much.The side content / DLC:Playing as Adewale in the Freedom Cry DLC adds extra gameplay and a slight variation in equipment (Machete vs dual-wielded cutlasses and a rudimentary shotgun in place of the dual-wielded pistols from the main game) and a new story line covering the previously un-explored Maroon uprising that is hinted at in the main game via the templar hunt missions. This DLC naturally fills in the gap and adds up to a grand climax at its' end. In a manner, it builds up Adewale's character in a light that we see since his departure from the Jackdaw as the quartermaster and models him into a capable liberator and assassin.The element of naval warfare also exists, though with a larger emphasis on liberation and lesser on wanton plunder.Online/ Multiplayer:Self-descriptive. Prepare to spend much of it on land, though. Take hints from the DLCs in that regard. Your mileage may vary, knowing how unreliable Uplay's network connectivity can be.I'm aware console gamers may have a better experience here compared to the PC version.Recommendations: Get the season pass. Playing as Adewale adds several hours of gameplay (for one) and has its' perks.I'lll be playing Assasins Creed for a long time to come.Overall rating: 10/10 , must - own."
,Recommended,242050,8791420,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Sloanster,"Assassins Creed IV: Black Flag ReviewAhoy m8! Ready to sail the Caribbean? Assassins Creed IV lets you do just that. Assassins Creed IV is a large step-up from Assassins Creed III. The naval combat is much improved and sailing around is generally a good time. The graphics are beautiful if your GPU can handle it. They made huge strides to improve ambient life and vegetation, and it really paid off. Everything is an improvement, except one thing. I feel like I was cheated out of land battles and exploration on land. The 3 cities you get are not enough for my type of exploration. Another city would have made this game a 9.9/10 for me. Having said that, I give this game a good 9/10. Solid, compelling, innovative, fresh, and most importantly fun."
76561197997131973,Recommended,242050,24503388,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,FridayManul,"As someone who found running over roofs in previous AC games repetitive and boring, I was actually pleasantly suprised with the Black Flag. It's still the same ""busywork"" game we are used to from Ubisoft but the range of activities is so wide that you won't get bored anytime soon.I liked change in the enviroment from just plain cities to wilderness and sea (I haven't played AC3, so I don't know about that), very refreshing. There is so much things to do, ship battles with eventually managing your own fleet, diving to shipwrecks using diving bell, hunting using harpoons and I could go on. Mentioned running across rooftops has been put behind a bit on behalf of these things, so there's just a couple of ""cities"" that are nowhere near the size of AC2 cities. But I didn't mind, didn't really missed them.Graphics is great and runs ok with occasional framerate drops in cities or wilderness (vegetation causes this, I presume). Ubisoft Montreal really managed to make a nice, tropical world in which you could imagine living, which is a sign for me of great work.Story is a bit weak but you'll have fun nontheless.Giving that the pirate theme is not being used much in games, this is one of the best pirate games you can get. I wouldn't hesitate to say even the best."
,Recommended,242050,8447628,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,AngryPirate,This is a great game that I will recommend to just about anyone. The best part is that you can get away with skipping through most of the franchise and still enjoy this game. Edward Kenways roll and personality tends to be more appealing than conners in AC3. Fun ship battles and a great story to follow with plenty of things to do on land and sea. The Diving missions are beautiful and and great addition to the game play. so go check it out.
,Recommended,242050,8337387,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Zell,"Loved the mechanics of the piracy on AC3 and wished there was more, s much more. AC4 delivered!!!Just in the beginning but the potential for the franchise just keeps open for more and more, as long as they explore it well.Recommend this game (and most of the others as well, but bias as I am a fan) to any RPG/Adventure fans out there."
,Recommended,242050,8519546,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dorkseid,"The best game in the series thus far, and this is coming from someone who was VERY skeptical about continuing this series after the way AC3 ended.Seriously, I wanted to hate this game but simply could not. It is that good.I highly recomend it to long time AC fans and new comers alike.AC4 > AC2 > ACB > AC3 > AC1 > ACR"
,Recommended,242050,8590728,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kiksu,"I think its fair to say I recommend this game as not only has it entered my top 5 games ever, it has a good claim on being the best game I've ever played!  It’s a phenomenally rich and detailed pirate sandbox which takes the typical Assassin's Creed formula (of which I am a fan) but adds a twist.Edward is a different kind of protagonist for this series.  He's instantly likable as a rogue looking to further his own ends.  But there is depth to the man.  He has a conscience and watching him grow as a character makes for a compelling story.Technically I’m amazed by what the developers have managed to do.  The seamless transition between captaining a ship to the traditional Assassin's Creed free-running is incredible.  The simulation of the sea is a marvel as the rolling waves, the wind and storms look and feel amazing.  Make no mistake, if you have the rig to run it this game looks absolutely beautiful.There is so much to see and do in this game its almost impossible to get bored, there is such a vast area to explore.  As of right now I think I've clocked 30 hours and I’m just under a third the way through the game."
,Recommended,242050,8657606,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,xomBino,"I am obsessed with this game! It is huge! There is SO MUCH you can do. It never gets boring or tedious, just due to the crazy amount of activities you can do. Doing the dives gives me pretty big anxiety though; the sea creatures really freaking me out!All in all, I love this game. I never usually buy games when they're new and $60 and I'm so glad I took the risk and got this game. TOTALLY worth the time I've put into it so far, and the money I spent! I would recommend it to anyone!"
,Recommended,242050,22183834,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SantasHelper,What will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?What will we do with a drunken sailor?Early in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningShave his belly with a rusty razorShave his belly with a rusty razorShave his belly with a rusty razorEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningPut him in the longboat until he's soberPut him in the longboat until he's soberPut him in the longboat until he's soberEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningStick him in the scrubbers with a hosepipe on himStick him in the scrubbers with a hosepipe on himStick him in the scrubbers with a hosepipe on himEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningPut him in the bed with the captain's daughterPut him in the bed with the captain's daughterPut him in the bed with the captain's daughterEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningThat's what we do with a drunken sailorThat's what we do with a drunken sailorThat's what we do with a drunken sailorEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morningWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesWay hay and up she risesEarly in the morning
,Recommended,242050,11796945,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,RanneyD,This game is actually incredible. With the exception of a little bugginess this game is really well put together. It has all the elements of a great game. Fans of the series plus games like X. It takes the original winning formula and adds in this system where you go around in a pirate ship and blow other boats up for supplies to upgrade your boat and make it more awesome so you can blow up even bigger boats. And THEN it adds in this Kenway's Fleet minigame thing where basically after you blow up a boat (mostly) you can add it to your fleet. The missions take like 10 hours in real time (they go when the game isn't running) and you get money from them and they unlock new missions and stuff. It's just awesome. And THEN you get your own island which you can upgrade for better stores and perks around the world. And THEN it unlocks a series of side quests that tie into the main questline where you save assassins or something but it adds them to every city so you can go back and do these side quests that are each like 4 missions in length. It's just great. I don't want to go outside until I finish it basically and that's going to take forever because all I do is sail a boat and blow stuff up instead of doing quests.
,Recommended,242050,8524575,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Paul Newman,"At first this game dissapoints being a poorly optimized port from PS3 (judging by those files steam\steamapps\common\Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag\multi\videos\ps3_name.bik) with framedrops in open spaces, which are primary part of the game, and out of sync engine cutscenes - I'd really prefer them prerendered in this case, I wouldn't mind extra GBs. Laptop's HD5400 can't handle them unfortunately (plus 13.4+ driver shuts off display's backlight for reasons unknown), but it handles enclosed sequences, Aveline DLC and multiplayer.It just needs better preferences section - I can't turn off bloom, multiplayer graphic settings don't save at all, MP and SP .exe are separate, but I can't have fancy French voiceover and English voices for SP. PunkBuster service may need some kind of repairing - but it works, I never noticed cheating. It feels like in development game was remade, so software experience was partially forgot so new problems appear.But gameplay is awfully addictive, I just got it for multiplayer but was dragged into pirating, I still played half of it (""one more location/mission and I'm done""). Shanties are amazing! Exploring is interesting even with reused  buildings - settlements look way to similiar. There are activities for any taste, and they feel like one whole thing. Aveline DLC was enjoyable (no learning curve bullcrap there, straight to action)What's best for me is multiplayer, it just keeps improving with every game. Now there's Game Lab for costumizing game modes, Assasinate mode, which encourages stealthiness and caution even more. Wolf Pack is like a missing piece - it's both practicing ground and co-op variant."
76561198097323476,Recommended,242050,12811897,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Melder_Scrolls,AC games are still fun.  I especially enjoyed harpooning white whales. AHAB AIN'T GOT♥♥♥♥♥♥ON ME!
,Recommended,242050,13135876,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,secretautobot,AYE MATEY!!!! ♥♥♥♥IN PIRATES!!!! 10/10
76561198132731956,Recommended,242050,13343214,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,RinSuzu,best assassins creed imo
,Recommended,242050,8523719,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,Well sync cloud lost my saved games. The only bad thing i can say about it. Best since AC 1 and 2. 9/10Full review here:http://fg-2.com/2014/04/14/review-assassins-creed-iv-black-flag/
,Recommended,242050,9089184,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Dan,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Creed 3, this is better. Worth the 60$♥♥♥♥♥Creed Brotherhood is still the best."
,Recommended,242050,26090253,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,HitThroughSteel,"One of the best games ever! Really nice ship/fleet system, questing and a big open world with so much to do."
76561198030415758,Recommended,242050,29310969,Posted: 16 January,all,dmboguski,"My favorite ac game by far, well, revelations was good, but Black Flag is awesome."
,Recommended,242050,14382572,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Nova60,"Have the most powerful sense named Eagle Vision,Still don't know one of your friend is woman100/10 EPIC Story"
,Recommended,242050,22448614,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Massacre,"This is by far the second best game in the Assassin's creed series. Specially the graphics by far the best experience ever. With no glitches whatsoever (the one thing that tool down Unity) The storyline was good, and the environment was something that i have never seen before. A must play game for Assassin's Creed fan. Apart from the story itself the side activities are even better.Next Stop - Rogue xD"
76561197967645948,Recommended,242050,11155879,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,McRed,After that nasty 'Connor' fiasco... Ubisoft has redeemed themselves a bit with this one. Kenway is 'almost' as cool as Ezio. The gameplay is exceptional. The story continues to have many holes. The battles on and off shore are very violent and gratifying. I've seen better puzzles in games from Ubisoft but these ones still get the job done. The ending was very brief and completely unsatistying. Over all I'd say Ubisoft lost its way with the mystery and intrigue of the story that was present in the game right up til' then end of Ezio's saga. But this game is still entertaining and fun in spite of these ball droppings.
76561198030767663,Recommended,242050,9927168,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,elena,"Having played all AC games and having spent about 300 hours in doing so i can say without doubt that this one is the most fun, intriging and exciting above all.Removed from the morality issues of Ezio and all his baggage and the monotony and boredom of connor, black flag gives us Edward a small man with big aspirations. Not being bogged down with the weight of the assassins from day 1 is a refreshing change of pace. and the freedom to hit the seas and have a crack at who ever and whatever crosses your path is great.Hitting locations simply for the hell of it is great also, i spent the first 30 hours just sailing about picking stuff up, going to islands and boarding ships.Also the stealth thing is back, ACBF makes you think about attack plans whilst trying to assault a castle or takedown a target, no more running headlong into a target, hitting him hard, then diving into the sea......no no you need your thinking caps and paitience.All in all i have enjoyed this greatly, and the plot although not quite so grand is facinating, and you feel that you could leave it to explore without making it feel unimportant.Only downside is the whole animus thing, being kicked from your pirate adventures to walk about an office for the ""actual"" story is frustrating. and i feel that the AC games suffer from that.But all in all BRILLIANT"
,Recommended,242050,9049134,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Kyoshiro,"As the latest game in the Assassin's Creed Series, the game has lots of improvements in its gameplay, including its open world experience. Great graphics, great naval gameplay, enough for you to play it for quite sometime. However, its story was not good and meaningful enough as compared to the previous games. This aside, this is a great game definitely worth getting if you're a guy who is interested in history and pirate games.Definitely recommending this - 9/10"
,Recommended,242050,10985102,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,GhostYy,Finally a good pirate game!- Graphics are amazing.- Naval combat is insanely fantastic and original.- The gameplay has be refined.- The map is huge!- The story seems interesting so far!
,Recommended,242050,12599677,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,EdelWaffe,"Twas an amazing game from start to finish. Ubisoft brought back alot of cool things that the old assassin games had, like mercs, courtesans, special armor that requires hard work to get. I dont know why people say the game lags and is badly optimized. Ive never had any problems with this game other than my ship falling from the sky, and thats hilarious. This game requires a good PC with good specs, you can just go very-high like an idiot and expect to handle it, you have to KNOW. And about the play style, it was amazing. The controls are alot more easy than console version, theres more flexibility and the game is just fun in general. If you are a AC fan you must get this game. 10/10"
76561198164156723,Recommended,242050,30678100,Posted: 22 March,all,ZephyrSprk,"I liked this game a lot. However, for some reason it stopped working for me and I can't seem to fix it. I tried a lot of things, but it keeps crashing and I was never able to finish it. From what I could tell, the issue i was having was something that other people were having as well. Maybe get it somewhere other than Steam?Great game though."
,Recommended,242050,7943392,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Jubileus,"A Pirates life for me...The Assassin’s Creed series hasn’t changed much since it’s Holy-War debut back in 2007.Ubisofts signature blend of parkour/stealth gameplay, framed by a compelling and often Kojima-esque meta-narrative is a formula which has never needed much improvement. But each addition to the series has built on its predecessor, adding interesting new mechanics and hooks (I’m looking at you, Revelations) to help keep things fresh.Black Flag places you in the recently liberated boots of Captain Edward Kenway; a rough round the edges, loveable rogue with a quick wit and one thing on his mind. Treasure.  And whist Templar conspiracies and secret wars with assassins are rife in the vast Caribbean ocean, Kenway’s only interested in such affairs for as long as they're profitable. To that end, Black Flag positively encourages exploration and adventure to the point where the main story quickly becomes a secondary concern. Which isn’t to say it’s not worth playing through. In fact, Black Flag’s main narrative is arguably one of the strongest in the franchise. The overall tone is light and humorous (certainly in comparison to the sombre, quest-for-revenge that was ACIII), and there’s not a single character amongst the myriad cast of famous-named swashbucklers that doesn’t feel fleshed-out and well characterised.The game also offers an overwhelming number of side activities to indulge in and keep you occupied. Many we’ve already seen in previous ‘Creeds’, but some welcome, themed additions to the roster include whaling, diving, hunting for Mayan treasure and battling with the Caribbean’s  4 ‘Legendary’ enemy ships. But trust me when I say leave fighting them until your endgame.The huge world map is revealed incrementally as you travel from island to island, and large sections are filled in with the successful takeovers of heavily guarded forts. These effectively act as synchronisation points for the overworld map; highlighting nearby towns, islands and explorable shipwrecks, as well as a plethora of other pirate collectables. And it’s well worth taking to time to collect them. Building materials and plans are needed to upgrade and customise the Jackdaw. And you’ll need plenty of Reyals to kit Kenway out with new gear if you want to stand a chance late in the game.You’ll soon find however, that some of Black Flags most enjoyable moments come from travelling between the Caribbean’s various points of interest. Naval combat has been refined and perfected from its role as a side-quest in ACIII, and now features the ability to board and takeover enemy ships.The feeling of broadsiding a British man-o-war in the middle of a typhoon, before swinging onto the deck and wreaking havoc with a bandolier full of flintlocks, is one that’s seriously hard to beat. Throw in a heroic, Hollywood-esque score (composed by Iron Man 3s, Brian Tyler), and you’ve got an experience as close to being in a Pirates of the Caribbean film as you could ever hope for.Even out of combat; the sounds of the ocean, distant cannon-fire and sea-shanties chorused by the Jackdaw’s crew, make for a scenic and atmospheric ride. Although your ships ability to magically vacuum up any floating loot and sailors that drift by, does little for the immersion. Of course, the games various glitches and bugs don’t help much either. All too often your high-profile free-run controls will send you jumping sideways onto a path you didn’t necessarily want to go down, and A.I musketeers have an unerring ability to hit you even when you’re behind cover. But these are minor issues in an engine that’s otherwise seriously impressive.In short, Assassin’s creed Black Flag is a tremendous technical achievement and arguably the best in the series to date. Stunning visuals, impressive sound design and fast-paced, free-flow combat make for an engaging and immersive experience. Upgrading the Jackdaw and Kenway, adds a satisfying RPG element and there’s some excellent scope for customisation. The story is well paced and quick to get going, although certain mission types soon start to feel repetitive. But if and when you get bored, there’s always something else to do. Whether that’s hunting elusive white whales to craft Kenways next costume, or trying to unearth buried treasure with only a hand-scrawled map for direction; the important thing is that you have the freedom to choose. And surely that’s what being pirates all about.Well… that and treasure.Yo Ho!"
76561198040969163,Recommended,242050,7959396,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Antares,"One of the best AC games of all times. Especially if you loved the naval missions at AC-3. If you are a fan of ""Sea Legends"" (1996) then you might like the naval part too :)The storyline is very smooth and involves quite a few plot twists. For the first time, you are not a nobel or a rebel, just a greedy pirate who seeks personal gain in every task. Perhaps one of the most impressive facts about this game is the map size, as in addition to the 3 large cities, you also have access to few dozen small towns/islands and entire sea map that you can travel to conquest ships of unlucky Brits or Spaniards. Though it is a pity that there are no Portugese, Dutch or French ships trespassing the Caribbean sea.On cons, you no longer have your recruits to fight for you, but there is a solid reaon for it :) Major downside is the frame rate. Even on a powerful laptop, I have experienced occassional minor frame rate issues, so I would advise to purchase this game for a video console instead. In order to max out the graphics on a PC, I have set the ""environmental settings"" down to Medium and left the rest at High / Very High. Even though there were no visual bugs, I could not enjoy the small environmental details that would make this game absolutelly superb.Overall, the game is great and definatelly worth playing! However, Brotherhood remains my favourite game of the series :)"
,Recommended,242050,23881386,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Boni,its good but my save game damaged :( uplay u dumb shiettttt XD
,Recommended,242050,9658500,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, wow! So much to love and enjoy about this game. It's definitely refreshing how they mixed the ship combat & boarding with the solid Assassin's Creed foundation. It reminds me a bit about the amount of fun I had with Sid Meier's Pirates back in the day which is definitely a good thing. It's definitely my favorite Assassin's Creed game yet.Side missions / activities are pretty good and varied... Deep sea diving, Animal hunting on land and at sea, Assassin Missions, Trader Missions, searching for Mayan puzzle pieces, Templar key hunts... Lots to do.One of my favorite little side activities is collecting ""Shanties"" which is songs the Pirates sing... and each Shanty you collect? Your crew learns a new song! A game where collecting things adds more fun to the game indirectly and in a good way!? Awesome. :POn PC it was optimized incredibly well compared to even Skyrim even with packing more detail on screen. :)The only poor part is the controls when diving underwater and a current carries you... can't spin the camera and know what Edward's skull is about to bounce off of lol... only other control issue? Parcour. The classic controls of Right click enables parcour and Shift increases the running speed is sorely missed here. Sometimes it's hard to tell Edward which way you wish for him to move with just WASD, that and if you're trying to make a tight manuver (ie, Climbing the masts to cut down a Ship's flag) Edward will think you meant leaping somewhere else instead of 90 degree turn and climb the Mast some more. :(Overall? Even with a few control flaws? It's still my favorite Assassin's Creed game to date... Definitely worth the money, especially if it's on sale. :)"
,Recommended,242050,17549529,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,madmiX,It seems that I'm better at pirating than I am in real life...11/10
,Recommended,242050,30914313,Posted: 2 April,all,IroN_PulsE,AARRRRRRRRRRR I am a pirate now
,Recommended,242050,33256656,Posted: 4 July,all,Exag | CSGOatse.com,"Without a doubt, this game is one of the best Assassin's Creed games in the series!- Amazing protagonist!- Great naval gameplay!- Loads to do!- Beautiful and massive open world!- And last but not least... sea shanties!"
,Recommended,242050,24087284,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,blue,this game is sooooooo gud! I got a boner just by playing the tutorial
,Recommended,242050,7854194,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"After almost 50 hours of gameplay I finally 100% memory synced and the reward wasn't worth it at all.The worst part of the entire thing was doing the mind numbing Uncharted chests/fragments, I can explain it in steps:---100% Uncharted---1.) Start sailing your ship.2.) Open the map and mark a chest/fragment.3.) Sail to the chest/fragment.4.) Jump off your ship.5.) Swim to the island.6.) Climb tree/rock and get your chest/fragment.7.) Swim back to your ship.8.) Climb your ship.Now repeat steps 1~8 76 times until you get all 46 uncharted chests and 30 uncharted fragments.But if you ignore that everything else you do is pretty fun, I enjoyed sailing the ship but the real fun for me was exploring the lush islands on low settings because the game is horribly optimized.Also the ""out of the Animus"" stuff is pretty fun to, I enjoyed the puzzles they gave you for the activities there and you found out some pretty cool stuff.All in all the game just sucked completely.8/10"
,Recommended,242050,8109119,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Sirson,"Assassin's Creed 4, one of Ubisoft's flagship titles already named PS4's game of the year does not disappoint. A lot of bang for your buck here, epic storyline with fleshed out cities and islands to explore. Plenty of loot to plunder and enemy ships to battle.If that isn't enough add in a epic story following the adventures of a young Edward Kenway, and you have a great game. AC4 also includes a fully blown multiplayer game, both pvp and Co-op Wolfpack modes.9/10"
,Recommended,242050,8563421,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Wolfie_6,I have never ever had so much fun with any game I have ever played the combat system and controls on land and sea are superb on keyboard. Every thing looks gorgeous and the story line leaves you begging for more even with such a satisfying ending.
,Recommended,242050,25462266,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jaszs,"Come all you young sailor men, listen to me, I'l sing you a song of the fish in the sea;And it's— Windy weather, boys, stormy weather, boys. When the wind blows, we're all together, boys; Blow ye winds westerly, blow ye winds, blow, Jolly sou'wester, boys, steady she goes.Up jumps the eel with his slippery tail, Climbs up aloft and reefs the topsailAnd it's— Windy weather, boys, stormy weather, boys. When the wind blows, we're all together, boys; Blow ye winds westerly, blow ye winds, blow, Jolly sou'wester, boys, steady she goes.And then up jumps the shark with his nine rows of teeth, Saying, ""You eat the dough boys, and I'll eat the beef!”And it's— Windy weather, boys, stormy weather, boys. When the wind blows, we're all together, boys; Blow ye winds westerly, blow ye winds, blow, Jolly sou'wester, boys, steady she goes.Up jumps the whale., the largest of all, ""If you want any wind, well, I'll blow ye a squall!!And it's— Windy weather, boys, stormy weather, boys. When the wind blows, we're all together, boys; Blow ye winds westerly, blow ye winds, blow, Jolly sou'wester, boys, steady she goes."
76561198044245485,Recommended,242050,12368044,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ϟϟ -Iperyt- ϟϟ,Good game to bad ubisoft owns license to this series
,Recommended,242050,7749879,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,AJValentine,"Possibly the best story in the Assassin's Creed franchise. There isn't much bad to say about the game.The graphics are superb, the story and gameplay have only improved over the years.Sadly, the game is poorly optimized, i would only recommend playing this with a powerful computer, unless you enjoy low resolution gaming."
,Recommended,242050,26049758,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SirAbsolute,Should've called it Pirate's Creed
,Not Recommended,242050,26318203,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,DemonDarakna,"+ It's Assassin's Creed+ Story is half-decent and makes you think+ Historical sites and people+ Beautiful+ Each island is unique- Takes ages to get to anywhere - takes you like 10min of sailing into nothing to get to a place (of course you have to discover it/take it over before using fast travel). Hopefully you don't have to destroy/avoid ships in the meantime, because that can stretch out up to/over 30min.- A bunch of little things to pick up on little islands, which additionally stretches the game into oblivion. You park the ship right next to the island (hopefully not crashing it) and swim at least 2 min to the island, pick up the thing, and swim 2 min back. I guess it's a good excuse if you want to spend more time in that world - would it be a historical time more up my alley, I would probably enjoy it.- Tedious: tedious fighting, tedious sailing, tedious running around, tedious picking up stuff, tedious getting resources ... I forgot what the story is even about anymore before I get to the next section.- When you give up and log up again half a year later, you can pray that your fingers still know the right buttons, because the keyboard settings will confuse the hell out of you.- Cliches everywhere.James Kidd is in fact a woman called Mary Read - a famous female pirate. No problem with the fact. I have a problem that as soon as James takes his hat off, he transforms into glamorous woman, wearing lipstick and eye-makeup. Even you can do better than that, Ubisoft.- Uplay sometimes decides to erase your save-game as Uplay does (do yourself a favour and download Savegame manager for backups).Overall - the game is good for people who don't have a limited amount of time to spend on it. Me, having about 1day a week to spend on games, rarely decide that this is the game I'm going to spend it on. Simply for the fact, that I can spend 12 hours in the game, and not get anywhere with it."
,Recommended,242050,13565205,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,viRo369,"Take what you can get and give nothing back!Drink up me hearties, Yo HoWhy is the rum gone?!P.S.: Never played any Assassin's Creed game.But love this one."
76561197975721309,Recommended,242050,8430059,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SpinZo,"Easily the best assasins creed title yet! eveything feels so polished and crisp. it really is an experience to play trhrough, Especially with HUD settings turned off!"
76561197969855616,Not Recommended,242050,8339607,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Roi Kuro,Clunky as hell!
,Recommended,242050,8304068,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,FoXy,"Best Assasins's Creed Game since Brotherhood! Well balanced and vareity gameplay, perfect setting and soundtrack.Due to the large amount of content the game is delaye for a long time, and this is only single-player.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,242050,7700295,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Mit dem Körpergrößensong hast,"not what i expected, they should have stopped making these after the 2nd one. 1&2 were great but the rest, not so much."
,Not Recommended,242050,8355453,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Frost White Fox,No 120hz support. I have 2 780 Tis in SLI and the cant even run at 60 FPS on med settings. all they did was make it for consoles and didnt even recode it a bit for PC. what a crap fest!
,Recommended,242050,8001928,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,nutcrackr,"Black Flag is an excellent open-world adventure with a likeable protagonist. It is a comprehensive improvement over its lacklustre predecessor - Assassin’s Creed 3.  There are plenty of interesting side tasks to keep you busy for dozens of hours. The ship combat remains satisfying for just as long and ship upgrades feel worthwhile. While the campaign has a few poor eavesdropping missions, they are offset by quality, varied content. You can spend your time finding buried treasure, whale hunting, ship-wreck diving, plundering convoys or basic assassinations. The Caribbean setting is the perfect change for the franchise and the engine produces a sublime atmosphere. AC4 is a truly impressive Pirate experience without the unpleasantness of Scurvy or Dysentery."
,Recommended,242050,12707367,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Landsvoort,"♥♥♥♥ UPLAY.Game otherwise is ok.Uplay is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥Never again I'm buying a ubisoft product using this♥♥♥♥♥♥client.♥♥♥♥in Origin and Uplay and all others,♥♥♥♥♥♥ripoffs of Steam."
,Recommended,242050,9359284,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Manpriest,One of the best games i have ever played!The best Assassins Creed game ever!There are so many aspects to dis game! I FREAKING ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT!BUY IT!
,Recommended,242050,9227983,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mega,"Too much Pirates, not enough Assassins.Not that I hate pirates, this game is really fun and MILES better than 3, so yeah go get it if you can.___Muito Piratas, não tem Assassinos suficiente.Não que eu odeie piratas, esse jogo é muito divertido e MILHAS melhor do que o 3, então é, pega ele se puder."
,Recommended,242050,9957244,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Mix 'N' Mojo,"The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who plays this game."
,Recommended,242050,8374643,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Azuli Divine,"The very best Assassin's Creed game out there so far. Easily 50+ hours of gameplay on singleplayer. If you're a completionist like myself, there is a lot to do, and you won't bore yourself out. Very expansive and seamless gameplay. There's so much to do and you'll get side tracked from the main storyline easily; which isn't a bad thing. Everything is fun, and has differences in difficulties, not everything is too easy or too hard.TL;DR - Vast content, seamless gameplay, many things to do, play in your own style. You control the game.10/10 (considering the genre, previous Assassin's Creed titles, gameplay)"
,Recommended,242050,12405659,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,SirDeity,"This is undoubtedly the best Assasin's Creed game yet, and I've played and beat them all. Assasin's Creed IV Black Flag feels like a revitalization of the franchise. It is truly a remarkable experience set in a caribbean atmosphere and centered around pirate lore. The game has numerous addictive qualities that keep pulling me back for more. Sailing the high seas in conquest and search for treasures never gets boring. Upgrading your ship and battling ever increasingly difficult numberrs of foes keeps you on the egde of your seat.The graphics and sound here are truly spectacular, and without taxing your computer hardware. I really can't recommend this game enough. If you enjoyed any of the previous Assasin's Creed games or haven't played them but have an interest in pirate lore, this game is an easy no brainer. Get it now and enjoy the adventure, because games this good only come along once every few years. I'd give it a 10 out of 10."
76561198025283727,Recommended,242050,15308419,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,StrikeBR,"I'm an Assassin's Creed fan since the first game, I played all of then.We can say that Black Flag, despite the usuals bug, is a tremendous game.I dont play multiplayer at all the  AC's because the campaign mode are more fun than any thing.I hope you all love AC Black Flag as I did.Enjoy, and most important of all, Have Fun!"
76561198107080489,Recommended,242050,14974512,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,gramps,Best Pirate game ever100/10
,Recommended,242050,9378854,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Kodiak,Wow. Just wow. This game is amazing!!! The graphics are beautiful and gameplay is smooth as it has ever been. The story is great and you don't have to play half the game to play the main character *cough* AC3. Although AC3 was my first game to play through all the way I must say AC4 is way better. New items weapons and just more badass stuff goes on in the game. And did i mention the map? Take AC3's map and times it by 10. I have so much more to do in the game and I can't wait!! Totally worth the the 35 bucks I spent on it and would absolutely spend 60 on it!
76561198081518233,Recommended,242050,10829044,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Entebbe,"Love. This. Game.  I must admit that I only started playing AC seriously once Revelations came out, so no I'm not some hardcore fan who has 100 hours on each game except for AC Brotherhood where they have 200.  What I can tell you is, this is by far my favourite AC game so far.  Honestly if you are into the sea and this certain time period and you have a bit of cash I would highly recommend it.  For people who want to get into AC and just don't know where to start I would say there is no need to go all the way to AC 1 due to the fact the main story is completely new.  So you'll be just as surprised as all the other players."
,Recommended,242050,11011311,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,R0N,"Lengthy and detailed single player storyline, lush visuals, great balance between stealth and combat sequences, you'll feel you're a pirate (ahoy!)"
,Recommended,242050,13134056,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,AudieMurphy,"Picked this up during the sale; was not disappointed at all.  This game is fantastic.  The story is more captivating for me than previous iterations, it has tighter controls and faster freerunning, and it features the best pirate ship sim on the market.  Gives me hope back for Unity and the future of the franchise after a long period of stagnation.  Check out my full review here in 1080p... complete with shanties!http://youtu.be/qh_YFfREmL0?list=PLVV9YY5ptu0Vp36RghchiedKziv5l3liL"
76561198072925910,Recommended,242050,12781593,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Renegade,"If you are a completionist like me then you will definately spend alot of your time playing this game. Not only is the map huge and bigger than any other Assassins Creed map, but the story is very compeling. While on your way to do pirate-y stuff, you will be bombarded with countless loot that is ripe for the taking. This is a game that will want to make you want to spend yet another $60 on the sequel (Assassins Creed: Unity)."
76561197970630732,Recommended,242050,12836800,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Hamburger,This is my first Assassin's Creed game I've played and I love it just based on the living the life of a pirate.  The game play and all of the content makes the game very fun and addictive.   Worth the purchase of this game and its DLCs.
76561198047116294,Recommended,242050,12851761,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,got99problemz,If you liked any of its predecessors than you won't go wrong with this one. Hands down the best AC yet.
76561198004131819,Recommended,242050,13743815,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,THNX FOR PLAYING,so asome game.SO ASOME GAME
76561198039761772,Recommended,242050,10997553,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ok This is VERY Questionable,"By far one of the best Assassin Creed's, probably one of the best games of the last gen. Fantastic, lighthearted but still emotional story, great exploration, a beautiful art style and a fitting soundtrack. I recommend you buy it if you love open world games, however, if you don't like the previous AC games, there is still a lot of the same AC habits!9/10."
,Recommended,242050,8797616,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Snappycakes,"I'd heard and seen some very good things about Black Flag, but was not quite prepared for this return to form for the Assassin's Creed series.Without hyperbole, this is pretty much as close to a perfect game about piracy as the gaming industry has had since it began. Ubisoft Montreal have really nailed the feel of the open waves, with your crew singing sea shanties and yelling out to you about incoming ships or men overboard. For a game about a vast open ocean, there really is a lot to explore and do, from hidden treasures to taking down forts and legendary ships.Once you hit land, however, it is the same old Assassin’s Creed. Running rooftops and trailing people to learn about and assassinate them, you know the drill. But this time there is the itch to go back to plundering which the game is only to glad to scratch.The weird alien future story really doesn’t come up that much and there is a quite a bit of meta based humour and self reflection to it. Overall it feels less shoe-horned in than in previous games in the series.Brilliant stuff. A true turn around."
76561198001234825,Recommended,242050,20764557,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Jyrka,"I have been absent from Assassins Creed series, And i think it was needed vacation because oh boy how i liked it :)+Best Radio/songs+Lots to do in a game / In Edwards world+Story was interesting+Unknown Metal armor and he still plays with his hood even though he dosent have a hood.+There are people still playing MP.+Badass Characters+Atmosphere/World / Italy is still the best/Economy felt this time much easier and not enough things to upgrade, I remeber it be more challenging i hope i dont mix it up with tropico 5-Ship battles went too repetitive in the end, but really liked that part of the gameI only affraid that next year on sale time the next assassins creed is also dead cheap so i will be on yearly release while still few years behindRating: ""Nothing is true. Everything is permitted"""
,Recommended,242050,7839850,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,top,Great game think it is really worth your money one of the best assassins creed games by far love the ship fights the chracters and of course the assainating good work on this one ubisoft
76561198071593393,Recommended,242050,9834423,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Baddafs,Now I understand what it is like to be almost assasinated by my I.T. manager.
,Recommended,242050,8934772,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,sierrafoxtrot30,you can have a threesome with two assassins10/10
,Recommended,242050,15025777,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Amidatelion,I am congenitally incapable of giving this game a fair review because half an hour in the game let me bombard my hometown and lay siege to its forts.
,Recommended,242050,10840767,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Neto,"Let me be pretty sincere here: this is the best Assassin's Creed so far. I'm a huge fan of the series and had always played all of the games right on the launch. It was not different with Black Flag.AC IV represents the final move into the pure sandbox experience. Although since AC Brotherhood the series invested in more and more quests and things to do out there in the open world, which has been improved in each instalment of the series, Black Flag has so many things to do, and so much different from each other, that it feels a completely fresh experience.I saw some criticism about the Creed part of the story being left aside, but for me it isn't too much of a big deal... AC is always about a historical representation, and it truly brings to us the end of the Caribbean Piracy Era. And the plot around Edward Kenway is a pure metaphore for it. Play it, pay attention to the details and you'll clearly see it. Plus, the life of captain Edward is the most emotional of all the series, the character is the most humanized of them all.As for the gameplay, it feels really great to navigate from island to island, famous port to famous port, engage in battle and in piracy actions. The core gameplay revolves around your ship, but the mechanics of climbing and acting stealth still makes presence.One good thing is that the stealth part has been greatly improved. The level design is thought to be stealth, differently from the AC III, which had a broken level design for the stealth gameplay, specially for doing 100% of the achievements.Sure, Edward's drive is the same as the other AC games and sometimes he'll end up doing things you don't want to. Ubisoft must look at this and make it better in AC Unity I believe, it's something that is frustrating sometimes.The music is great but not that memorable as the AC II or III were, but you can still enjoy and the game has great voice acting. As for the graphics, videos and screenshots speak for themselves: the game is gorgeous, specially on the PC, with many effects and a high resolution.Do not be affraid: Black Flag is the best Assassin's Creed to date, and one of the best historical games ever made."
76561198015025501,Recommended,242050,24430487,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Elremi,"Not much to say, just a genious game, so both thumbs high! Each level, a new surprise and all the staff you can do, outside of main missions, is very nice. Hunting bull shark is just wow and I cant do it to often with my age, without risking a heart attack :D This game ist just to recommend! Buy it in sale, or out of it, this game is worth every cent."
,Recommended,242050,17846702,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Stripstroke,"My favorite Assassin's Creed game was the first one in the series, I liked all the other ones after it but I could never truly love them as much as I did with the first one until now that is. I can finally add another one to the favorites list because this is more than just an Assassin's Creed game it's also an amazing pirate game.There's so much going on in this game I mean what's not to love about a pirate caught between templars and assassins, the main story line will take about 24 hours to complete which was my main focus but there's tonnes of side quests and objectives to do which could possibly give you another 20 hours maybe even more. The best feature I think is the ship sailing and battles just oh my god amazingly fun, an addition to all the new crazy things comes ship customization to upgrade for battle or to look good and there's also all the other customization you'd except from past Assassin's Creed games for your character as well. A controller works perfectly out of the box and the keyboard and mouse work fine fully rebindable even though I'd still recommend a controller. There's plenty of user and graphics settings to mess with which is always a plus and there's more than one audio slider which is great. The game also comes with multiplayer your typical death match type game modes you've seen in the past, great fun with friends but might not be for everyone.I always hate having to list down bad things about games I love but it has to be done for one this game is super repetitive and I hate it, I hate having to constantly do tailing missions or stealth missions... I just want to get into the fun stuff but no that's never the case with this game. It also has that slow start syndrome you know the long story tutorials that tell you super basic things once every few sections. There's also really boring abstergo missions you know the ones that force you out of the animus to do really lame stuff, I mean sure it's cool but I'd rather just play the historic side of the game. Lastly the game still doesn't have any form of windowed mode this is what the sixth game down the line and this still isn't a thing?I absolutely love this game and at it's current price point of $25 USD it's a steal, I mean if your looking for a good Assassin's Creed game to reignite your love for the series or to just jump straight in with no strings attached, hell even for a good pirate game than this game is for you."
,Recommended,242050,25053778,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Dimiro92,"Good game, good story lines (or confusing :D)I have completed all collectible stuffs because i like the sailing mode.I like the battle ship mode. fishing, diving.10/10 for this game"
,Recommended,242050,7700366,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Tony the Trouser Snake,Butt pirating for all us butt pirates!
76561198084657727,Recommended,242050,19536349,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Celtic Steel,"If you ask me, Asscreed was at its pinicle in the Assassins Creed 2/ Brotherhood era, and although Revelations wasn't that bad, 3 was a disjointed mess with some cool ideas in place, but overall a hack job.Black Flag  doesn't really work as an AssCreed game in my book.  I never immersed in the huge cities like those of Italy or Palestine, with their towering buildings and crowded streets.  Instead I bummed around the Carribean, mincing through sparsly populated streets whith the occasion tall building and a few trees to climb.  There's bushes and sugar cane everywhere, so stealth is as easy as pie. The NPC reactions to death/fights/assasinations and general shenanigans are as placid as stoned grandmas, and the combat is so godamned easy that there's no insentive to take a stealth approach as you can button mash your way out of EVERY single combat encounter.  The Arkham games and Shadow of More Doors did some really cool and interesting things with this combat system, but Black Flag makes it a cakewalk.  Not every game has to be Dark Souls, but come on lads!  most baddies are just walking cutlass fodder who can't even block!However, strangely enough, Black Flag works incrediably well as a jaunty swashbuckling simulator.  Forget about sneaking around and offing people with your hidden blades, and instead embrace beautiful nautical exploration, exhillirating naval combat, the manical choas that comes with boarding a Man'o'War, the sublime delights of deep-sea diving, and a predicatble but enjoyable plot with some fantastic dialogue and brilliant beards. I REALLY, REALLY LOVE IT!  I just can't get enough of saling the open seas, my hairy crew of rascals singing their little shanties, looking for Spanish Man'o'Wars to attack, new islands to explore, and new booty to get my hands on!. If only i could skip those bloody eavesdropping sections and tun off the damn desynchronisation bs...Like I said, Asscreed hasn't been great, in my view, since Brotherhood, and Black Flag doesn't do anything to bring it back in that direction.  But as a Swashbuckling simulator and fun action adventure games there's not more you could wish for."
,Recommended,242050,14145734,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Taz,"Great game, great series, great graphics, great story, great customization, great SFX and music and great overall!10/10"
,Recommended,242050,13825898,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Unrellius?,"Where to start? For a bit of context, I have not yet played AC: Rogue or Unity.For those who don't know, you play as a pirate, and a lot of the assassin-themed gameplay prevalent in the previous titles has taken a backseat to the updated naval combat mechanics from AC3. And honestly, it's for the better. You'll still be doing the classic free-running and assassinating, but the focus generally seems to have moved to good ol' plundering and looting on the high seas with your very own ship: the Jackdaw.The sailing mechanics, while not completely realistic, are a lot of fun and have a surprising amount of player feedback for an Assassin's Creed game. After you severely damage enemy ships with the impressive range of weaponry equipped on the Jackdaw, you'll be given an opportunity to board it. This brings up a short sequence of mini-objectives that have an atmosphere oozing with piratey goodness: swinging from ropes, blasting soldiers with broadside cannons and an amazing soundtrack; which feel absolutely exhilarating at times.Successfully taking over ships gives you materials that can be used to help upgrade the Jackdaw. Cloth, wood and metal are each used in reasonably balanced upgrade trees that lead through a satisfying and addictive progression system. And yes, it is addictive. I spent many hours gathering the materials required to max out my mortar so I could demolish some of the game's many naval bases easily. For the first time ever in an Assassin's Creed game, I actually wanted to collect money to buy things.Now, onto the story. You play as Edward Kenway, a greedy pirate looking to make a quick buck after acquiring an Assassin's uniform (and also the grandfather of AC3's Connor). Ed is easily the best protagonist in the series to date, and I'd even go as far to say he's more fun than Ezio. He just doesn't give a damn about anything, especially early in the game. This is a refreshing perspective and one of the many great things with the story. The dialogue is also great; it's filled with plenty of pirate slang and less ""WHERE IS CHARLES LEE?!"" There's also a great host of supporting characters, which I would say is probably a first for the franchise.Unfortunately, the story still has problems. The modern-day Animus stuff is still here, and although it's been (thankfully) toned down a great deal, it still butchers the pacing and immersion. I used to enjoy the modern-day story, but after the horrendously bad ending of AC3, I just don't give a damn anymore and I'm sure many other people would be more than happy to see it just go away forever and focus on the historical time periods. Besides that, Black Flag seems to have some trouble spelling out specific details that are important to the plot, leaving some sequences a bit of a mess because things are poorly explained and/or illogical. It baffles me that they still haven't figured out a way to make a 2 year time-skip not feel like a 2-hour time-skip. A simple ""Two years later"" screen will fix this issue, Ubisoft!Otherwise, the story is quite good by Assassin's Creed standards. Memorable characters with solid voice acting are the real appeal here.As great as the naval combat is, it certainly feels held back be being an Assassin's Creed game. Namely due to the fact that the awkward free-running mechanics and♥♥♥♥♥♥poor combat are largely unchanged from AC3. It's always infuriating when the shoddy controls make Edward run up the side of a wall instead of around a corner thanks to a minute level of imprecision, and even worse when you try to jump down to a slightly lower ledge but instead leap off the building like a suicidal maniac. And the combat? Let's just say that they desperately need to update this. It's essentially a glorified quick-time event where enemies line up in a single file and dive into your sword like a bunch of lemmings. Even the naval combat, despite being generally very good, suffers from being too easy and a bit shallow.Regardless, these issues are tolerable. There's plenty of fun to be had in the Caribbean, which by the way, is absolutely gorgeous. The city of Havana in particular rivals Florence and Venice from AC2 as one of the most stunning locations yet. The map is also cluttered with a daunting amount of side missions. Most of these feel a bit samey, but they do offer some unique challenges, such as attempting to decipher a crudely drawn treasure map. Aside from the naval combat sequences (which make up at least 50% of the game), most of the missions are what you'd expect from an Assassin's Creed game; kill such-and-such, jump in that bale of hay, and follow the paranoid Templar for five minutes (unfortunately, it feels like Black Flag has a higher number of those tedious tailing missions than previous iterations). Which a few glaring exceptions, the optional objectives are much more reasonable and enjoyable this time around. No more ""swim across the river without getting wet"" crap.I had a few bugs and frame-rate issues, but thankfully it seems much more stable than AC3, which was ludicrously unpolished. This is definitely a step in the right direction for a series that's becoming stale. I really wish they'd improve the awkward controls at the very least, and make a fully-fledged pirate game unrelated to the Assassin's Creed brand.Something like a 7.5/10 for this one."
76561198006251462,Recommended,242050,11286542,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Broccoli,"This is probably one of the best Assassins Creed games out there, and I've been with it since the beggining of the series."
76561198022951648,Recommended,242050,9622633,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,MAOofDC,If you have every wanted to be a Pirate this is the game for you.
,Recommended,242050,7949604,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,JadedHaze,"One of the best games I have played to date. I love the open world concept,coupled with the rich and diverse island locations.The stunning graphics and orchestrated  music combined with a deep storyline,deliver a very intense game immersion.Well done Ubisoft, Two thumbs up."
,Recommended,242050,13889134,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Плоппя,This game actually has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amount of good content
,Recommended,242050,20980371,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Airborne,"I was a massive fan of the original Assassin's creed games and quickly realized that the series was bound to lose quality over time (as it did).So when I picked up Assassin's Creed Black Flag I didn't expect a great Assassin's Creed game.And I didn't get one. Matter of fact, I think it would be a terrible game if it focused more on the Assassin aspect of the story, that didn't really seem to fit the main character or the situation he found himself in all that well.But while Ubisoft may have given us a mediocre AC game with Black Flag it seems they accidentally created an amazing and beautiful pirate game.The Pirate story is believable, the setting and maps are absolutely breathtaking, as is the experience out on sea, with the sound of waves crashing against your ship, cannons and seagulls in the distance and your crew singing shanties as you roam the map in search of adventure.If this game is on sale and you can run it I see little reason to not pick it up, it's easy to lose yourself in the beautiful world and story and I can't think of a single pirate oriented game that can even reach the overall feel of this title.TL;DR: Meh AC game, Amazing Pirate game. Do get."
,Recommended,242050,7798917,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,SaiTorr,"AC4 is a monumental pirate experience in the West Indies as your open world. The freedom to explore, plunder, and adventure to your hearts content is an unforgettable and thrilling experience. The main character, Edward Kenway is definitely welcome to a now ever extending line of Assassins in the AC franchise and I guarentee you'll love him. On the flip side, the story has several ups and downs and the modern day detracts the atmosphere of urgency the other games had. Regardless, it's a very solid game and redeems some of the mistakes of AC3. 9/10"
,Recommended,242050,9446128,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,staticnation,"This game is fun, Pirate ship goodness with assassin creed flavor! Runs a little slow on the port at times, but this one has been patched to be more friendly to the pc gamer. If you hit periods of lag google some fixes, they exist."
,Recommended,242050,22500611,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,HIKΛL,its a fun open world games but a dispointed story
,Recommended,242050,8802058,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Meowth,"First of the series I got into, but I must say what a great place to start. Fluid gameplay, decent story line and a ton of pillaging and plundering."
,Recommended,242050,9689149,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,[CHLN] luci4ngel ⛨,"A lot of hype, did not meet expectations. Meh/10"
76561197996321137,Recommended,242050,9585088,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,SEAMEN de_gai,"It was a treat to play this game,-Improved combat system in comparison to AC III: Swordplay and especially guns-Most addictive AC to date-Good storyHowever, I was not too big a fan of naval battles, though they were usually still fun.9/10"
,Recommended,242050,12850499,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,OlavDeng2,"Assassins Creed 4 black flag, do i reccomend it? yes, why? well read onAssassins creed black flag continues the series, personally im not too much of an assassins creed fan, the combat is cool but not that special imho and i don't like 3d person only, the climbing of ships and buildings is cool and the entire stealth aspect i like alot, it is a bit lacking in the terms of not being able to manually crouch.What makes me like the game though is the ship combat. it is the only game in recent times that takes age of sail ship combat and only one ever in that way as far as i am aware of, and it might sound weird but that is the entire reason why i bought this.if you allready like assassins creed series this is reccomended, if you dont but like ship combat, i reccomend this, if you like neither just dont bother, i dont know why you are reading this if the last thing is the case."
76561198052470936,Recommended,242050,13127872,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Dr.Riyad Mahrez,top quality game
76561198090521239,Recommended,242050,13624266,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,mikecliffs,"One of the most moving and motivating games that Ubisoft has ever releasedBlack flag is unlike any  of the other Assassin's Creed games that they have released, Although while they do kinda have the same combat and movement mechanics this game's storyline is quite unique in it's own way as you make your way as being a bad♥♥♥♥♥pirate and assassin, and has a very good stimulator where you can control your own ship and go battle in the sea with amazing experience, the storyline is jaw dropping and if you buy the Gold Edition you get to play as Adewale, won't give any spoilers there but the storyline where he and Kenway had left is one no one should be left out of.TLDR; YOU GET TO BE A PIRATE"
,Recommended,242050,13517276,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Killerdude,"Buy it. Whether or not it's on Sale.It's a fairly generic Assassins Creed game, but you aren't buying this for AC, you're buying it for Pirates, because this is by far the best Pirate game in recent history.It looks beautiful, Plays amazingly, tonnes todo and a large upgrade section to keep you busy for a while."
,Recommended,242050,13534116,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ダディスキン,A Really good game. I have completed this 100% still want more lol.. Graphics are stunning to say how old the game is. Not to mention the map is HUGE with lots of side missons/adventures to have!. This is the Best AC in my opinion. Buy buy buy!
76561198016721804,Recommended,242050,11568518,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Green King,"PROS+you can hire ""dancers""+you can stand on turtles+you can harpoon sharksCONS-this game makes you shoot monkeys to upgrade your gear :("
,Recommended,242050,12060225,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Skunkboy72,"This is the same Assassin's Creed you've played before with pirate trappings.  The ship combat is enjoyable and upgrading your ship is a fun way to get your leveling up fix.If you've never played the series before, this is a decent place to start, but I'd suggest II or Brotherhood.  They have better mission design and a much more engaging story."
,Recommended,242050,15168636,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,luedd,"After playing other games like The Witcher 2, The Eleder Scrolls III, IV, V, Venetica this is the best game yet. I'm 74 and sort of a geek for my age but enjoy gaming. Assassin Creed IV 's graphics and control of characters is outstanding. I only play the single game. Highly recommend for anyone wanting a seafaring back in the 1700's buy it. The only slight complaint is I have lost the main quest line and have not found it. I'm sure it's somewhere on one of the islands I haven't discovered. Also, buy all the DLC's."
76561198035638716,Recommended,242050,11254379,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,PlyingOrb,Pirates.
,Recommended,242050,15042276,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Jason,"Loved it all, the naval combat is great fun and I felt a sense of progression from upgrading my ship."
76561198142310430,Recommended,242050,19497833,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,jccatfish,Honestly one of the best games i have played.The only thing i don't like is UPLAY
,Recommended,242050,25701636,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Bluemeanie,"A thing of absolute goddamn beauty!Tried a few of the older Assassins Creed games and never quite got on with the controls but as this one seemed to be a good jumping on for the later stuff I gave it a go and am VERY glad I did.Great action, fun combat both hand to hand and ship based and absolutely STUNNING to look at.Have just finished the main story. It's a game I'll now keep installed so when the mood takes me I can jump back into the world for an hour and go looking for new stuff to do as, like most open world games, you can finish it but only have completed 50% of what the maps promise. There are contract to take, sharks and whales to hunt and loads more.Oh, and being Cardiff born it rocked hearing so many Welsh accents in a game...even if one NPC I bumped into called me a sheep shagger  :)Only downside being I'm now addicted to rum (captain morgans of course) and the wife has said she'll punch me if I tell her I want to plunder her booty one more time."
76561197970398788,Recommended,242050,25075428,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,KevinBWilson,"I am a long time game player, all the way back to Manic Miner on the Spectrum. I have played all the AC games including the latest Syndicate. I had a hardware issue recently that lost me a few files, including my AC4 save games files. Brilliant. I got to play the game all the way through again. THIS IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVERY PLAYED. Great game play, great story, best AC game. Best game full stop."
,Recommended,242050,24950841,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,NLaM,"Really great game, great gameplay, graphics and soundtrack. Storywise, I wished this game would focus more on the Assassin's VS Templars war as the storyline is quite heavily based on piracy and naval missions (not neccesarily a bad thing though). Edward Kenway is a liked character even though I wasn't a huge fan of the fact he doesn't show much knowledge regarding the Creed and what it takes to be part of the Assassin's Order. Most of the game, playing as the self-centered and arrogant Edward Kenway that's driven by money doesn't really feel like an Assassin to me. His character development thoughout the end of the game is good but it's not smooth, it feels somewhat forced. As a major fan of the Assassin's Creed series and storyline, I personally think this game would be better off as a pure pirate game rather than part of the AC series."
,Recommended,242050,23957231,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,trakasis(~˘▾˘)~,"***this review is going to be wonky, i wanted to do a super srs review and a funny review***so every other AC game starts off with:1) i'm an assassin2) i want to fight for good stuff (?)this game:1) i'm a pirate2) i want moneyit's also literally Wind Waker on steroids, pretty much everything about that game that involves ships is expanded upon hundredfold. huge map, all these little individual islands to explore, forts you can go blow up, boarding any Spanish or British ship, fighting legendary ships which are bigger than an apartment complex, and your own KOOL KIDS KREW!get the game, it's a steal at the price and tons of fun. also runs pretty well"
,Recommended,242050,14600677,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Zemana,"A lot of people say this game is good. And a lot of other people say this game isnt good. I think this game is FUN. See how I wrote FUN in capital? Yes, this game is a lot of FUN. Most people buy games and finish it quickly. I am not that kind of a person. I finished AC III in 2 years. By taking breaks and doing most of the side missions , getting the assassins in my crew etc. and I had so much fun doing those stuff. I also finished AC II , brotherhood , revelations. Those were a similar experience. But this is gameplay. If we look at the story Ac II was the best in my opinion. Right now I have spent 11 hours into Ac 4. And I am at 13%. I dont do main missions frequently. I think I am in the 3rd sequence right now in the 4th memory. I just roam around and find mayan stuff, upgrade my ship, attack ships etc. Right now im trying to get the armor that needs 4 keys. So i have a lot to go. Right now the story is going excellent. About the GRAPHICS... I play this on a laptop. So I am not able to play this on the best graphics. But even on low graphics  I think its slightly better than xbox360. I hope this helped and if you are an AC fan just like me BUY THIS GAME!!!"
76561198033856832,Recommended,242050,11760213,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Shatronda Williams,"The campaign is just awesome lots of side missions and many upgrades for you and for the boat! highly recommended , but i dont know about online i just dont find it fun"
,Recommended,242050,13709040,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,A GOD ON 4 WHEELS,"Never really was a fan of the franchise, but this game is very, very fun. My main gripes with the game, though, are:- The combat system - A lot of people hate it becaue they feel it's insanely easy, and quite frankly I have to agree. Combat feels like a chore when you get far enough in the game.- The cut scenes - Not all of them, just the ones that play after you destroy a ship.- The AI - They might as well not even be there if they're going to be this stupid.Apart from that, though, the game is very fun. Especially the sea combat. Would recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥ yo"
,Recommended,242050,9246554,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,AlabasterSlim,Easily the best game of the Assassin's Creed franchise.  It does away with all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of the previous game and just focuses on being a bad♥♥♥♥♥  A bad♥♥♥♥♥pirate.  That's pretty much it - you're a bad♥♥♥♥♥pirate and it's awesome.Also sea shanties.
76561198032243505,Recommended,242050,22082967,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,BLUE TIGER,"The senario isn't that good compared to Ezio Trilogy, but i wasn't expecting it to be that good neither. Those three games were fantastic. However the gameplay is seriously good and being the captain of a ship makes you play only this game. Also multiplayer is really good, especially compared to old ones. You can customize your character a lot more in the multiplayer of this."
,Recommended,242050,20435576,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ilgoth,"This game right here, is the best one in the whole series. It works, it's polished and now its price is even greater.Full of fun. Hunt treasures in the archipelago amidst of cities like Havanna, Tortuga. Sail with the Blackbeard! No? How about Captain Hornigold?Dive with the iron bell to seek even more loot. Money, nice items, maybe even sketches of a new ship part! Yes, you can customise your own ship and upgrade its weaponry.Sailing system is easy and works!"
,Recommended,242050,9027593,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Umbra Intus,Hands down one of the best games I have played in the past few years. Assassin's Creed 4 takes the whole franchise to a new level by adding an exciting naval combat system. You never get bored of playing as there is such a varity of things to do. Combat is a little glitchy at times especially while boarding. The story admittedly falls short and is lackluster compared to Assassin's Creed 2 or even Revalations. Graphics (provided you have a decent graphics card) are stunning. Community challenges allow you to compete with the community in certain objectives which adds a nice competative element to the single-player. The naval combat and the many side quests and explorable areas more than make up for the game's shortcomings. Overall amazing game that will keep you hooked for quite some time.9.5/10
,Recommended,242050,30944660,Posted: 4 April,all,Eärendil,"+Standard AC combat system with parries and different weapons but proven sufficient and fluid+Whole open sea pirating idea is done perfectly in the atmosphere+Charismatic, relatable and interesting main protagonist with hunting dilemmas, everlasting greed, lust for power and moral difficulties+Best feeling in the whole series Ive played was cruising on Jackdaw aimlessly+There are many leisures to spend money and resources on (weapons, armor, ship, mansion etc)+Lots different type of enemies (spanish, english, soldiers, ships, naval forts etc)+Quite long main game even without extras+Lots of extras (treasure maps, contracts, mayan puzzles, armors, side quests etc)-Some glitches here and there that really not a big deal but still existing-Main protagonist still cant see the logic to use ladder instead of a unclimblable wall even though i spesifically drive him to it-Swords are mostly useless after getting a good one (which i bought in the first 1 hour and never changed it)-Not RPG game but they tried to add some little rpg elements here and there but unsuccessful-Fleet ""mini game"" really feels like farmville and lacks the depth-NPCs are not that rememberable and influencial in gamers mind (Blackbears should be more on the front imo)All in all, I think AC4 is the best game in complete series (March 2017) 9/10"
76561198130074753,Recommended,242050,23645888,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jewkester,"As far as pirate games go, this is by far the best one out there. As for a game about an assassin... not so much. Those parts are still a ton of fun, but what makes this game great is that you are given the freedom to go pirating as you see fit in a completely open world full of enemies, activies, and tons of great sights. Not to mention that the story ain't half bad either! All in all, this is a must for fans of assassin's creed and newcomers to the series."
,Recommended,242050,13480087,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,=Axton=,"Best damn pirate simulator on the market.  As a pre-completion review, I'm giving this a thumbs up while it's on the winter sale, I'm that impressed. Time will tell if it's as irritating as the other AC games I have.35hrs to beat the main story, with minimal exploration.  Plenty of side missions and treasure left to find too, for those who are into it.  Still has the anoyying running-and-grab-anything-in-your-way type of gameplay but that's♥♥♥♥♥creed for ya."
,Recommended,242050,23122021,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Steve French,"It's not a clone nor a rehash of other assassin's creed games, and therefore it really stands out.Pirating, cool ship battles, and lack of a convoluted mess of a story makes it really refreshing to play.Looks gorgeous too, but won't run well on low end cards.Happy pirating."
76561198023312777,Recommended,242050,10393438,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Karakum,"Great graphics, nice game."
76561198161859768,Recommended,242050,30991599,Posted: 6 April,all,Luminescence,Can't choose between Assassin's game and Pirate game? Then you should try this game!!
,Recommended,242050,9815849,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Vanellope Von Schweetz ♥,Good game! Great graphics and alot of fun pirate stuff to do. Ship batles are very nice. Simple but fun. Good for pirate fans and sailors.
,Recommended,242050,19845152,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Budget_Security,"After the fairly decent AssCreed3, and considering the many positive reviews for this game, I made the mistake of having slightly higher expectations than usual. This unsurprisingly led to some disappointment (yes, sadly going against the trend in most other reviews). But once I recalibrated my expectations to “standard AssCreed fare”, it was not too bad.The story is messy and silly. It has some good parts but most of it is mediocre - overall not as good as AssCreed3 in my opinion. I have the suspicion casual or younger gamers may like it more. It sorely lacks atmosphere when compared to games like Dishonored or The Witcher or films like 'Pirates of the Caribbean'. The script is full of plot holes (even more than usual). Half of the game is fairly serious and makes some sense, but the other half is silly and does not make any sense. This inconsistency harms immersion. The main character is decent, but does not quite have the charisma of Ezio or Haytham from previous games.The missions and gameplay built on the story are very bland and repetitive. Almost any potentially interesting story scenario is reduced to a handful of copy-paste follow/sneak/kill/eavesdrop gameplay designs. It seems like the devs were slightly lazier than usual - AssCreed3 missions were far from perfect, but still seemed slightly more varied and hand-crafted.The difficulty balance of the gameplay is poor. AI detection feels arcade and inconsistent. Stealth areas are severely overpopulated with guards, meaning you are forced to look at the minimap all the time to have any chance of avoiding detection. If you don't reload checkpoints often, open combat is nearly inevitable, which in turn is far too easy. This makes trying to play stealth frustrating, because the odds feel unfairly stacked against you, and it is always so much easier to just fight and kill everyone. But fighting gets boring quickly - you just spam attacks, then counter when prompted, and repeat that indefinitely.The sandbox gameplay has been brought to the fore, but like the main missions, it is very arcade, bland, and repetitive. The open world is large, but most places all look the same. Compared to AC3, there seems to be slightly less content overall, though still more than enough. The problem is a lack of quality, not quantity. Still things like naval battles and boarding enemy ships are novel for a while and work fairly reliably, which is more than can be said of naval battles in a Total War game (Shogun II etc). The sea shanties (songs) are a nice touch, and possibly the single best feature in this game.Graphics are the best yet for an AssCreed game, and the first in my opinion to just about match those of Crysis 1 (released 6 years earlier). The water out at sea looks particularly good. The visual quality does not hold up everywhere though - quite a few ugly meshes and textures here and there. The default settings are poorly optimised - you need to manually tweak the settings to get the best visuals while keeping the FPS high. Ship physics are decent and must feel amazing to the average console peasant, but if you have an eye for realism and have been on a real ship, it still leaves much to be desired. Your 150-ton brig behaves like it has the mass and manoeuvrability of a modern olympic racing yacht combined with the stability of a modern river ferry (complete with bow thrusters). You can sail straight into the wind with no speed loss. Enemy ships also handle like powerboats. In some ways the sailing physics were more realistic in AC3 - you could not sail into the wind, and it felt slightly more natural, though admittedly less reliable (momentarily flying ships etc).PC controls are as bad as usual. They are not game-breaking, but they do work against you - I messed up a lot of missions because my character would do the wrong thing like randomly climbing a wall. A few times just before successfully capturing a huge enemy ship, I would fall from a mast to my death due to glitched controls. The checkpoint system has its usual annoyances and reloads sometimes caused technical problems like missing quest items (requiring quiting to desktop and reloading). I encountered more bugs and glitches and generally rushed content here than in any previous AssCreed game.Overall, for me, AC4 is a mediocre AssCreed game that wasted a lot of potential. It is not a “bad” game, but it does not deserve any of the hyped reviews. I can only recommend it at the steam sale price."
76561198031324041,Recommended,242050,13940613,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Mumm-Ra,"As an entry in the Assassin's Creed franchise its an average game, as a game where you get to be a pirate its nothing short of amazing!.. I spent most of my time just sailing around boarding vessels and looting to my hearts content. The gameplay really shines through on this title i can see me coming back and playing this one over again."
,Recommended,242050,21191046,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ᗩᗰᗷᗴᖇ,Have not done this much sailing since Wind Waker .
76561198040295426,Recommended,242050,20318479,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,diegzumillo,"I don't know if I recommend this, honestly. Just read my criticisms and decide for yourself.I only played the first and second AC. The first was a clumsy mess of a game but very innovative. I remember thinking to myself ""Can't wait to see what they do next, with all issues solved. This is going to be the go-to formula for AAA games in the next few years"". I guess I was right, AC 2 did solve all its issues and expanded on the original. And this did became the go-to formula for AAA games even to this day.Then, after many years without playing an AC game, but playing plenty of sprouts of AC, like Batman, Just cause and many others, I gave AC another try with Black Flag. Heard great things about it, so why not. I don't remember exactly how AC 2 felt when playing, so my main parameter for comparison comes from Batman games, and I don't know if Batman really improved on the formula or if this AC took a few steps backwards.About free running/climbing. The level/missions' design certainly doesn't respect the limitations of the system. The game makes you chase enemies through narrow streets, so you will find yourself climbing a wall that was exactly perpendicular to the direction you were running because you brushed against it. Then the game makes you stalk people, but you can't rely on this movement scheme will do what you think it should. When you are two levels above the guards and want to drop to the second level you might end up doing a somersault with a rolling finale on the guards' feet instead.The parkour system is actually impressive, with glitches here and there, like getting stuck at small steps and not finding the occasional edge, but it's the level design that simply doesn't know what it can do well. On the sea there is a similar issue. It's all very fun, sailing through storms, attacking other ships, upgrading etc. Until the game decides to throw an escort mission. Oh god. An escort mission. On a ship. What else? underwater level? slippery ice level? (retro references :P) And this is yet another example of mission design that doesn't seem to respect the mechanics a whole lot. Sure, you can finish this level, but not with skill. You will play again and again until you know where the ships are coming, just like you did for the chase and stalk missions. It's not the kind of level design that makes me happy. It feels like a chore.Does all of this break the game? not at all. It does make it frustrating about half the time. In fact, it feels like AC1 all over again! I remember feeling exactly like this, admiring the potential and wanting to see what comes next in the series. Only now I'm not that curious anymore, specially after I heard this is the best of the series since AC2."
,Recommended,242050,21250843,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Fantastic game. I love it. I will write a longer review when I have time. Added quite a bit. This is not an assassin game but a pirate game. You're not going to be playing Assassin's Creed but Pirate's Creed instead.PROS1. Sailing the Seven SeasI love this part. The sailing engine is amazing. From the rogue waves to the ship upgrades to the slow creaking turning of the ship to the naval combat to the ship boarding to exploring the ship, they are all amazing.The sailing seems to be the most interesting thing about Black Flag. You can see the waves splash onto the deck, steer away from water spouts and rogue waves.2. Diving Bell missionsI love diving underwater. I love the exploring the wreckages, the jellyfish, sea urchins, sharks, currents and even the moray eels. I especially loved the one where searching the wreck finds a hidden path into the smuggler's den. Kudos to the game designer who thought of that.3. ParkourJump and climb anything. Almost anything. I prefer climbing special landmarks with tricks in the climb compared to boring poles and wooden A frames. E.g. The windmill where you meet Mary Ree Kidd vs the run-of-the-mill synchro points which you try to do to see all the hidden locations.4. Legendary ShipsSadly, there are only 3. 2 Man-O-Wars, 1 Heavy Armour and 1 Fog battle. They come with a minor bug where you're unable to detach from the Legendary event so you can't fast travel after a death.5. Stealth MissionsI like the ""Do not get detected"" missions the most. They make you feel more like an assassin.6. The Ending SceneOh. I find it so well done. I was totally not expecting it. The little girl and the song. Muah..7. Hidden EnemiesThe Guardians are a good example. You can't see them hiding in the bushes unless you use Eagle Vision.CONS1. BugsLots of them. I found at least 3 in one playthough. Most of them revolve around Fast Travelling with the Jackdaw. Imagine ghost shipsa. Assassination in the Fort BugsThe designer did not consider that the players might take over the fort before taking the assassination contract.2. Not-so-amazing thingsThe synchronization for the Eagle Points aren't exactly fun. The views aren't exactly majestic. It's kind of an expectation vs reality situation. You climb all the way up and you expect something cool. Sadly, you see boring vegetation. I do this just to get Fast Travel.A good one that I've seen is in Guild Wars 2. They do know how to make their points majestic.3. Sticky HandsYou grip onto anything. If you dash into a bush next to a house, be prepared to accidentally climb up the side and hang from the ledge.4. Tailing.The dancers in Havana. You can stand directly in front of the guy you are following and the dancers will make you invisible.5. Missing SoldiersAI does not notice missing soldiers.6. Berzerk DartsWay to easy to kill my targets and complete the game. The berserk darts ensure the poisoned target dies at the end.7. Ship Repairs Mid BattleEvery time you board a ship, you are given the option to repair the Jackdaw. This can even be done when you're surrounded by enemy ships. The repair cut-scene is also pretty repetitive and gets boring.8. In-Game HypocrisyKilling humpback whales, white whales and sharks are absolutely fine. Killing a cow, goat or flamingo will result in ""This ancestor did not do anything wrong."". Pretty silly in my opinion.9. Aveline MissionToo hastily done. Many bugs. Defending the black lady in the fort was a major bug. If you didn't wait until she was next to the door lever when you killed the last guard, the game would not be able to continue.10. E for EverythingFor looting, dropping and whistling. You can imagine the problems that ensue from accidentally hiding behind a wall while trying to loot a treasure chest. They need to add an additional key called ""R"".11. Ship Combat and Travel SpeedIt's actually possible to somehow switch to Travel Speed while in mid combat. This is most annoying.12. Legendary Ship ProblemsThe Legendary Ships can spin on its axis while in combat, with sharp 90 degree turns. It's ridiculous to watch. The rewards are purely 20,000 Reale. It's not bad but not good either. I was hoping to capture the Legendary Ships and make them part of the Kenway Fleet. E.g. Flying Dutchman, Black Pearl, Mary Celeste.NEUTRAL1. SecretsI used to think the secrets were worthwhile. However, there are just too many to do, spread out over too many locations, for just an armour outfit. It's not worth the effort. I was hoping to get more story canon from the game with a secret boss. The game designer does not know how to do a proper secret.The ones that are more interesting area. Mayan Treasuresb. Abstergo Entertainment colleagues computers to thec. Treasure Maps.The most rewarding ones are the computers but they have a very lousy minigame where you rotate a sphere and you try to highlight a green line. The frogger mini-game is pretty lame together with the wave mini-game.2. TeleportationIt makes the game seem smaller. It's neither bad nor good. Perhaps, an interesting travel mini-game/zone is in order. Teleportation makes it easier to get from point to point but it destroys the mystique of a large world.SUGGESTIONS1. Special AchievementsHow about an achievement will real-life value? E.g. Complete a Super Rare achievement and Ubisoft will reward you with a free Ubisoft game. It doesn't have to be an expensive game. Just an old Ubisoft game that you think that no one really buys and you're willing to give away.No DLC for the game itself. Those things ought to be free by default.2. OfficersA group of men who follow orders with no leader? Seems odd. Perhaps a captain who would be a valuable target. The captain would also be an additional difficulty level as he will investigate any men who are missing from their posts. You can see that quite a few officers all over the map but they function as a more difficult kill, not a unit leader.3. SecretsDo it Final Fantasy style. Additional story with secret bosses, not boring♥♥♥♥♥outfits.4. Advanced FishingWhat's a nautical game without some fishing? I know that harpooning is cooler but some advanced fishing would be good. Spear fishing or fishing large fish would be cool too. Fishing spots where you catch fish to eat/sell/trade would be interesting. Some fishing minigame would be interesting too.5. Improved SailsI would like to gear 3 speed and not be capped at 2.6. Night RaidsI don't know how one takes over an entire ship on his own but perhaps a night raid with your pirate crew would be interesting.7. Smuggling / TradingSell opium, spice, mangoes, guns, slaves, liquor and more. Rum and sugar seem kind of limited. If you're noted for selling illegal goods, you'll be searched. If you refuse, the authorities attack you.8. Wanted PostersAn infamous pirate ought to have a bounty placed on him.9. Enemy Ships that Run AwayAlways the enemy fights, it makes you wonder why a gunboat would think it stands a chance.10. Pearl DivingHow about giant clams that clamp down? Pearls from giant oysters.11. LighthousesThis is synonymous with nautical games. Why isn't there a lighthouse that generates interaction?12. Milky WayI've been on a ship. The sky is very different with a lot of stars and you can see the Milk Way. This would be a wondrous visual effect.13. Ship SpecialistsQuartermaster, Doctor, Cook, etc. This is from Sid Meier's Pirates. It would be most intriguing to have a crew of ""heroes"" just like One Piece.14. Changing ShipsWhy are you stuck with just the Jackdaw?"
,Recommended,242050,9399494,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,sonnislimm,"This game is great, it has lots to do, although it tends (like most ac titles) to get redundant"
,Recommended,242050,20036123,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,「classy」 #prayforvegas,"The gameplay is fantastic. Really, it is!I haven't had any issues with uPlay or the like at all.The story so far seems interesting enough.But I do have one issue with it, and that's the graphics.See, my laptop is, admittedly, a bit old. It's not really 'primed' for these kinds of games.I can run AC3 at all-High settings at a resolution of 1360x768. Same, oddly, with MGSV.I was hoping to do the same with this, but unfortunately I can't.Instead of scaling the resolution to match your screen, it keeps it in a black border. This means that I have to squint.And this wouldn't be so bad were it not that, even when I change my desktop resolution to match, it stays bordered.I initially refunded this game, but I'm willing to give it a shot with some tinkering. I just wish the graphics customizationwas a bit better implemented.Overall, I'd give it a 7.5-8/10."
,Recommended,242050,8848955,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Psyflesh,"Makes up for the failings of Assassin Creed 3. Black flag is one of my favourity AC games but still can't beat AC2 and Brotherhood, looking forward to the next installment."
,Recommended,242050,13496008,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Teun2408,"its just a great game, sea battles are fun. good graphics. nice story."
,Recommended,242050,14900575,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Ƹ̵̡DRCLƷ Whitest Wolf,"Absolutely beautiful game, a truemasterpiece!It is even worth tolerating U-Play!Total 10/10, I never had any problems with any of the DLCs either, you just have to redeem everything you buy through Steam on U-Play as well. I actually bought every single DLC (Season Pass + all of the time savers) and they all worked.The freerun is amazing, the fact that you can swim pretty much anywhere is also amazing, you can go to islands and hunt animals and search for treasure, you can invade naval forts and claim them in the name of your pirate brethren, you can harpoon sea-dwellers, board enemy ships, take down entire fleets!And there is even an app both on Android and Apple phones that allows you to take the adventure even further and actually earn in-game money while away from your computer.Extremely addictiveExcellent naval combat and explorationOne of my favorite games everIf it is on sale, it is a must-have for just about everybody, even them scurvy landlovers!"
,Recommended,242050,29418550,Posted: 22 January,all,Yung $carecrow,"I like 'Murcian history, i like pirats, i alost like sea and pirate battles, well i found this game pleasing enough to reply it 4-5 times (and if i reply game once, means im dying,sick or ♥♥♥♥ing amazed by it), id recommend it to anyone who is AC fan and ubisoft fan, but ubisoft play fix ur Upay servers, cuz i wanna try online.Thanks Ubisoft and Upay.Fix it, 11/10 kewwl game"
,Recommended,242050,13491901,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,{iSuk} Brocid3n,>launch game>suddenly parkour master>not even an assassin>casually murder assassin>take assassins clothes>learns more about templars in one day than creed in 1000 years>proceed to sink ships for 2 hours>sell loot for lots of money>spend money on slight variations of same costume>dies in battle against 2 Man O' War ships12/10 would plunder the booty again
,Recommended,242050,20933353,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Yam | csgobounty.com,just turn off cloud saving in UPlay and you're good to go
76561198066272265,Recommended,242050,7830706,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,MabZ-THE-COON,This is the 2nd best game i have ever played
76561198028150578,Recommended,242050,18542669,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Kainos,"PROs - My favorite in the series, any fan of AC titles or pirate themed games will love this one. Fast & fun action combat & stealth tactics with all the parkour trimmings, as in any of the AC games prior to Black Flag. Battle enemy crews on the high seas through boarding in naval combat while steering clear of violent, but awesome storms and rogue waves that will quickly send you into the deep watery abyss if your not careful. Hunt animals for hides and rescources for crafting your upgraded gear and even dive for sunken treasure or dig it up with aquired maps. Beautiful graphics, fun Multi-player action with friends and one helluva story that sets the stage for this grand adventure in the Carribean. Highly recommended!CONs - Requires Ufail, er I mean Uplay....- Uplay- Uplay- Requires ""High-End"" pc to enjoy smooth gameplay without audio issues during cutscenes.- Oh and requires Uplay"
,Recommended,242050,13491567,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cake,"You can take out a base of 30+ men using solely your fists and never miss a single shot with a 16th century pistol, 10/10"
,Recommended,242050,24648143,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Mongoloid w/ VAC,"Dont buy this game for the story, it sucks(for me). I bought this game because of the pirates and the huge open wold with lots of interesting sidemissions......"
,Recommended,242050,30689508,Posted: 23 March,all,Scheiken,"been playing this game for around a week now, and i must say that it's a really good game. great singleplayer story. i recommend."
76561198115451248,Recommended,242050,13496434,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Scraps,Genius and innovative way of presenting a story line. Keeps the players curious and addicted to wanting to know more and more of the story line.
76561197972044764,Recommended,242050,7730530,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,KyleAssassin,"Wow, what an awesome game. Played them all, best so far.There are a couple of bugs, but they are easy to live with.Game play - 9\10Graphics - 9\10Story - 9\10Sound - 10\10I'm playing the game through for the 3rd time, and still find different ways to do missions.If you want a really good game to spend some of your bonus on, I recommend you buy this game. But if you haven't played Assassin's Creed 3, you will not understand the games ending."
76561198006570159,Recommended,242050,8228481,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,OmegaC,"Gameplay is pretty good, spent hours sailing around exploring place but the story is very boring and you just seem to do the same thing in every mission, follow *Target1* until he leads to *Target2* then kill *Target1* *Next mission*. was very disapointed with the ending as it just ends and all of the computers that you hack in the game give no form of extra story, the only thing you get is a little memo on one of the games menus saying ""Good Job you will hear from us soon"". to which you never do. i was also a little disapointed in the ""Aveline"" section of the game as i was expecting them to of bundled in the PSvita game into the game but nope you basicly get a mission which lasts 5 maybe 10 mins at the most and makes no sense as to why its in the game (having not played the PSvita version) as i have no idea who these people are and at the end of it it seems to just cut off mid sentance and takes you back to the main menu, which i assumed was a bug but nope was intended. overall id give it a 6/10 and would recomend it if your looking for a game to spend around 40 hours in with many enjoyable parts which all come from gameplay, as long as you can get around a lot of bugs (some quite funny) and a very boring story which is nothing as interesting as previous games then its a must buy."
,Recommended,242050,8243986,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DaChamberGamer,great game that is fun  to play intresting storyline and all and the graphics are amazing!
,Recommended,242050,8382920,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,mILe,How to stir a good tasty cocktail 'cause everyone enjoys booze?! Pour the best gameplay elements of the assassin's creed and far cry series into a shaker and shake lightly to mix. Add pirates of the Caribbean hype for garnish and serve. Yummmmy? But for me Sweeeeet with a bitter aftertaste and probably not enough kick!
,Recommended,242050,8507140,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[TEAM [TEAM PEGGLE]] QUISINART!!,I like the parts where I am a pirate
,Recommended,242050,8571911,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Puffin,"A good game with beatuiful graphics, fun gameplay and strong characters. That said though, the Assasin's Creed combat system needs a serious re-vamp, and the game needs a difficulty setting.I've been a fan of the Assasin's Creed series ever since the first one, and I've put thousands upon thousands of hours into the franchise, and It's true that I've never had more fun in any of the games, but I wasn't as immersed in the story as usual, the combat system is really clunky and bad, seeing how it mostly consist of mashing two buttons, and isn't anywhere close to being as fluent as the Batman-combat system. As I mentioned earlier, the game is way to easy for my liking, making at a ""masturbate to murder-machine fantasies"" game, where you dream of being this unstoppable monster who just slaughters everything. That said though, the naval combat is really developing into something amazing. The multiplayer, as It has been since Brotherhood isn't much to talk about, although there is rumours of a Naval-Warfare multiplayer mode, which sounds amazing. This would have been an AMAZING game for drop-in drop-out Coop sandbox, but alas.TL DR;Good,pretty casual game with some interesting ideas if you're looking for some fun, but not much of a challenge.Score:8.5/10 from a Assasin's Creed veteran."
,Recommended,242050,8627885,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Struck Cold,"This game has a lot going for it.  You play as a pirate of the Caribbean who doesn't really fit in with the Assassins or Templars.  He basically just does what he wants and what he wants is money and gold.  You command a ship around in a big open world with hardly any loading.  One of the things that I was amazed by is how you can essentially stop sailing a ship, jump into the ocean, swim to islands, and continue playing on foot with the standard Assassin's Creed gameplay.  Fast travel has been improved greatly this game and is pretty much necessary as everything is so spread out.  One of the great things is each of the synchronization points become fast travel points and you can go to them immediately through the map menu.  You don't have to go to a fast travel point to fast travel.  Hunting and crafting makes its return and it's way more fun.  They got rid of setting traps and bait.  Instead, you just shoot the animal with your gun and it's over with.  Sword play is essentially the same as before.  Gun play has changed from the previous games I believe.  You can now control where you aim instead of auto locking.  If you're a fan of Assassin's Creed and Sid Meier's Pirates, you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,242050,7812408,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[Quite]Mike*,"So it's finally here on pc... Was it worth the delay you ask?Assassin's Creed 4 is a prequel (of sorts) to Assassin's Creed 3 in which you play as Connor's grandfather Edward Kenway a notorious pirate, Edward is an absolute delight to play as, he is quickly becoming a personal favourite of mine, all the old gameplay factors have transferred over from the previous installments, unfortunately this means evasdrop missions and tailing missions make a return, they still bring forth annoyances, optional objectives are back from those suffering from OCD and wish to 100% the game.The sailing and sea exploration is the main feature of this game. And by god is it amazing. From small boats to giant warships they all carry prescious recources that are required to upgrade your ship, and believe me they're needed if you wish to be in control of the Caribbean, ship controls and battles have been tweaked and tightened since Assassin's Creed 3, they now feel bigger and more intense, the controls feel more responsive so that you can react to these manic battles.The story is still top notch and full on. Voice acting is ace, and the new present day parts are intriguing if slightly dull compared to that of Desmond's final journey in the previous installment.Final Verdict: This game is worth every penny you pay for it, with countless hours of fun out of the story and a thrill ride of a story. 9/10"
,Recommended,242050,8049190,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,GHK5,"Only other AC I've owned was the first but this was a nice refreshing reinvention of the series with a lot of things to do and a lot of new ways to go about playing. Some people are complaining about it not being a real AC experience because of the additional pirate attributes but I beg to differ, it still very well holds true to the AC mechanics and scheme of things. Enjoy! I know I do (and I normally don't pay for games but bought the Gold Edition of Black Flag, let that tell you how worthy this game is)."
,Recommended,242050,8059751,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Dick the Ripper,"The best AC game to date. Very good atmosphere and storyline. Ubisoft has really outdone themselves when it comes to working the historical people into the story of the game, very well done. The only downsides to the game are: the combat is still the same (it works, but too easy at times) and there are a little too many tail and eavesdrop missions.I wholeheartedly recommend this."
76561198024695382,Recommended,242050,8153130,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Private Peaceful,"One of the best games of Assassin's Creed saga, the graphics, the ship's battles and islands are all great. The complete idea of making a game like this deserves to be purchased."
76561198099452369,Recommended,242050,8211708,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Polygon,"Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag is a great step up from the previous installment, Assassin's Creed III. You can quickly immerse yourself into the game and start killing people. Although the same feeling from the first 4 AC's was not completely transmitted into this game, the variety and large world make up for it. This game will please AC fans."
,Recommended,242050,8223683,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Atamix,the best pirate game ever
,Recommended,242050,8225292,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Micheal Schmeichel,"Cery good game, I ended up sailing around for ages"
,Recommended,242050,8227623,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Yorke Hunt,"Pretty exciting game!  Admittedly 3 was a recent low point in the Assassin's Creed games, and 4 borrows a lot from it but honestly I think it's returning to the days of Brotherhood in terms of quality.  The main aspect of this game is the naval combat feature pioneered in 3, and it's been improved upon.  This time you're a pirate and you can ravage and loot any ship you come across.  You're confined to a square of ocean with islands scattered about but it has plenty of side missions on those islands.  You can hunt wildlife (but you don't have to) and you can create a fleet of pirate ships to do naval missions for you (similar to the assassin missions in the prior 3 games).The story may not be as engaging as the original base games (and let's be honest, that's been a problem in the past few AC games) but in terms of fun, this game is quite that.  My one complaint, however, is that it tends to crash on me at least once every playing session and I cannot figure out why."
,Recommended,242050,8230607,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Caladrius,Amazing Game! Who doesn't love being a pirate?!?!
76561198010102771,Recommended,242050,8427624,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rods,Muito♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242050,8434354,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ngen,"Incredible upgrade of the AC franchiseAssassin’s Creed IV Black Flag combines all the good things from earlier Assissin's Creed games with a whole new game mechanics and way to tell the story.And the best thing, you ask? You get to do all the ""piraty"" stuff you dreamed about when you was 5.I havent enjoyed a pirate game like this since Age of Pirates and Sid Meyers Pirates!My only wish now is that they release a DLC or sequel that removes everything but the freeroaming and the story line ;POHOOOYYASCALLYWAGS!"
,Recommended,242050,8519026,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,red_head55,"I have been an Assassin's creed fan sense the first one. I've always thought the story lines were profound. The story line for Black Flage  does not dissapoint at all but gives a new twist and its enjoyable. Also, it does not seem as repetitive as the others which is nice. I would  give this game a 10/10, but I'm also a hard core fan so some might see it as a 8 or 9 out 10."
76561198070403167,Recommended,242050,8533722,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Gund,I love it!!! Finally a good open world pirate game.  Only thing is you need a somewhat decent graphic card to play it on higher setting but even the lower resolution one are good looking. The awesome gameplay is enough by itself.
,Recommended,242050,8596500,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mowgli,"Im a pirate!! :DI had been looking for a decent pirate game for a while now, After playing one in my youth and not remembering what it was called... haha  - I could not have asked for more with the game! a decent story - sea battles, fights ( lots of distractions!! ) and IM A PIRATE!!! :D haha.The only downside I have had with this game is when I ended up on the inside of a ship! and had to quit XD"
76561198032449996,Recommended,242050,8600511,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,DVDA Suicidalslinky,"Compared to the previous two AC titles, Black Flag regains a lot of the momentum the series had. The graphics, sea battles and sailing aspect are top notch, and the lush jungle islands are fun to stop off at and explore. The Kenway story isn't bad, though the Abstergo section is wayyyy too meta and uninteresting for its own good. Controls are about the same as previous games, i.e. not good. You'll probably fail each chase sequence at least once because your character decides to go down a ladder instead of run past it.Anyhow, I'm about 6 hours in and apart from control issues I'm enjoying Black Flag a lot. If you've been burned by Revelations or AC:3, this will make up for it."
76561198072367018,Recommended,242050,8641639,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Madx,Awesome Pirate game!!
76561197994213532,Recommended,242050,8652892,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Suasponte,"Avast ye! Being an avid sailor, I am always on the lookout for a decent sailing game and I found one. AC4 does an incredible job of capturing the experience of being out in the open sea. The sailing on its own is great, but with the addition of whale hunts, ship raids, plunder and assassinations, this game becomes amazing. One minor caveat: people will get annoyed when you start talking like a pirate 24/7. Yaaarrrrr!"
76561198022727533,Recommended,242050,8658485,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Asgards Finest,Didn't get my Season Pass content -10/10
76561198033206341,Recommended,242050,8691603,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Dante,"This is the best Pirate game I have ever played. When you're sailing over the ocean, the water splashing over your beloved vessel, the wind playing with the custom sails you picked for the Jackdaw (your ship, duh) and at the same time your whole crew sings a shanty ... This alone is worth playing. Of course there's a story that's SLIGHTLY about Assassins, but seriously, it's the story of a man that wanted to become rich and famous and loses so much along the way. Hey, it's a bit like Scarface. Pirate-Scarface. But without the dickishness of scarface. The protagonist, Edward, is just a human being with his mistakes and funny sides and moments that make you really feel awful for him.So yeah, if you are sick of the Assassin's Creed series, but are eager to play a game about pirates:Then get it already and play it, lass!"
,Recommended,242050,8719799,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,[MoX]Arken,You get to be a pirate...with a ship which is really fun to sail...and there is sea shanties...and a phone app which can be used in real time to supply you relevant in game details...did i mention you get to be a pirate?This game is a lot of fun. worth the money.
76561198090733175,Recommended,242050,8720224,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,RedBaron,its a great game BUY IT IF YOU CAN
,Recommended,242050,8747103,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Cryzos,"READ ALL TOP NEGATIVE AND POSITIVE REVIEWS BEFORE BUYING THIS GAME.http://www.game-debate.com/games/index.php?g_id=6805&game=Assassins%20Creed%204%20Black%20Flagtest systems ability to play the gamePositive:Game play: This newest installment of the creed series is bring a refined combat system making fighting fluid and easy also fun to use. The new climbing or free running, that had been simplified in number 3 has showed itself once again proving to be fun and easy.Flowing sword play and explosive cannon battles are but icing of the cake for this game.Story: As always the writers at Ubisoft have written a masterpiece, the story seemed to have no strange or abrupt periods. Running smoothly and being the meat on the bones for the story lovers.Sea Battles: One thing I personally liked about number 3 was the fact we could sail, but I also found a distinct lack of instances where we could go sailing. Through out the whole game sailing is a major player and extremely fun to do, commanding naval ships from schooners to mana’ wars and taking forts for the black flag is both exciting and productive being one of the best ways to make money in the game.Graphics: An amazing game when it comes to graphics, texture detail is great and maps are vast with few loading screens NOTE: I am running the game on max settings with every effect enabled on a 1440 x 900 HD resolution screen, my view may be different than yours.Negative:Game play: there are instances where freerunning will fail or you are aiming and try running doing this will fire what ever weapon you are using.Story: I honestly can’t think of anything I would prefer to change.Sea battles: When you're not aiming you fire a usable heavy shot no matter what.Graphics: Tasking on your system, recommend having a high end gaming computer for advanced graphics NOTE: The next gen games such as this and cod ghosts run massively different on almost the exact same systems.Conclusion: MAKE SURE YOU CAN RUN THIS GAME BEFORE YOU BUY! The AC4SP.exe can have crash problems here are some links that helped me fix ithttp://forums.steampowered.com/forums/archive/index.php/t-1827759.htmlhttp://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/727484-AC3SP-exe-Has-stopped-Working-ForumsNOTE: multiple fixes may need to be applied.Personal Score: 8.5/10Having to instal the uplay is very annoying and the lack of a fix for the AC4SP.exe (may be fixed by the time this is out) is also concerning. As a long time fan of the franchise I see nothing wrong with the game itself just issues that are unresolved and annoying boot things like uplay."
,Recommended,242050,8763701,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Blackwood,"TL;DRPirates + Cannons + Assassins + Treasure - Limits = Amazing GameThis game blew me out of the water (pun intended).The biggest thing I loved about the game is the sheer amount of exploration in it. No other Assassins' Creed game has really touched on this before. You can travel all around the carribean either on land or by the ocean, all the while passing ships, fleets, sharks, whales, sunken treasure, pirates, bounty hunters, etc. This game has alligator fights! It has privateering! It has shanties! And the best thing about it is: you aren't forced into focusing on the story the whole game! Probably around 90% of the game is NON story...The shipfaring is a big part of the game which is well thought out. You really feel like you're controlling your crew through an epic battle and the struggle feels real. Boarding ships is easy and the game does a great part of transitioning into a boarding from a fight. It never gets old! Probably half of my played time is sailing around and plundering ships.One bad thing about the game is that it doesn't have a lot of assassinations... but honestly who cares? The least fun parts in the game in my opinion were when I was forced to sneak around in the shadows instead of staggering up to my foes and shooting them in the face like a proper pirate.Caveat: I haven't played an Assassin's Creed game since Assassin's Creed II. So I wouldn't call myself a die hard fan."
,Recommended,242050,7772532,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Agent W.,"Awesome game. Best pirate game I have ever played. Sid Meier did a good shot at it, but this is pure awesome.Great gameplay and story. Open world where you can explore, fight other ships, raid plantations, capture forts, assassainate Templars, and just have a great time.Definitly the best AC game since 1 and 2."
76561198021048194,Recommended,242050,7792727,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Treye Snow,"Gorgeous visuals. Satisfying combat. Hours upon hours of content. Immersive and fantastic story, this game is just a masterpiece."
76561198060108106,Recommended,242050,7871482,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,[WM] Hugh Mungus,"By far the best game in the series since AC2. Deeply immersive and featuring one of the most beautiful and complex game-worlds I've played in this year, AC4 let's you live out your pirate fantasies in full. And I think that's the reason it has that magical spark... The spark the series hasn't had since AC2. The urge to go out and explore.Pros: Beautiful graphics, Solid PC Port, Great Voicework, Stealth Refinements, Wonderful Ship Navigation and Combat, Thick Atmosphere, Hours Of Content, A Massive, Immersive Game-World, SEA SHANTIES!Cons: Uninteresting and Rather-Dull Story, Usual Bugs and Issues With Free-Running, A Large Amount Of Irritating 'Tail' Missions.Final Score: 9/10. A fresh and interesting new take on the franchise, and a real return to form."
,Recommended,242050,8233282,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Aquaflare8,I absolutely love this game. This is my second favorite Assassin's Creed game right under II
,Recommended,242050,8416310,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[BoTM] Anorax,"I've not been a big fan of previous Assassin's Creed games until now. But this isn't really an AC game. It is a full open world pirate simulator. There are so many activities you can do in this game and almost all of them are fun. The ship to ship combat is glorious. I've not had this much fun in fighting ships since the original ""Sid Meier’s Pirates!"". Thoroughly recommended!"
,Recommended,242050,8466258,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,flappy,This game is really amazing. Assassin's Creed 3 is uder poop compared to this game. I was even able to play it while offline thanks to uplay :D. Verdict 10\10 wud  smok dat og kush wit an mayb bang
,Recommended,242050,8488054,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Johnny Warlord,"Assassins Creed Black Flag is a redemption in the seres since the Last game Assassins Creed liberation that was a big fail. Black Flag is a great game. There is lots to do and you will find yourself doing the extra activities that most games just add but never really motivate you to do them. The story is great and the main charcter Edward Kenway is awesome hes a mix between the ladys man smooth talker Ezio is and the rough thugish figure that is Conner. One thing that sets this game apart is the motives Edward isnt doing these things for honor or glory or because it the right thing to do, his only motive is money and you see that in him during the main story. I would give this game a 9/10 because the only thing keeping this from being a perfect game is well the Assassins Creed parts this would have been much better as just a pirate game. I liked the new touch that they added with the exsploration of Abstergo Entertainment insted of the whole Desmond Miles thing but It was very boring and I would really have liked it better if I could just skip it entirely and go back to being a pirate. Another thing is the old Assassins Creed missions. I loved beinging a pirate and raiding plantations that was new and something that I think people will like to do but the old stalk this guy or evesdrop on this person was very annoying a something that was old and boring a long time ago. Etheir way this game is worth your money and would be a shame if you didnt pick it up."
76561198049982032,Recommended,242050,8539449,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,[DMM]Darkintent,This game is awesome.  Story is kick♥♥♥♥♥  Fighting on the high seas and amazing graphics
,Recommended,242050,8613758,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Alinsa,"The meta-story is totally underdeveloped and disappointing, but the inner plot is reasonable and mostly fun, even if the protagonist is a bit unlovable at times. Worth playing if you liked AC3, but hopefully they'll pick up the meta-story a bit in future DLC."
76561197999159056,Recommended,242050,8705679,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Sanchez,Lot's of fun! I recommend this game!
,Recommended,242050,8778145,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,work is dumb,This game by far passed my expectations.  The Gameplay was incredably smooth with very few flaws.  Much like the other Assassin's Creed games the storyline if very in depth and interesting.  This game really makes you wish you were born in this time period so you could be a pirate and ♥♥♥♥ some♥♥♥♥♥♥up.  All and all i think this was a huge success by ubisoft and a geat expansion to this franchise.  Very excited for what the next installment
,Recommended,242050,16816996,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Marcelus,"Not a big Assassins Creed fan but I loved AC IV Black Flag!Pros:- Pirates, ships and naval battles!- Caribbean landscapes! :)- Silly characters and better AI compared to AC III- Is waaaay better than III and AC Unity :P- Simple but fun multiplayer.Cons:- Lack of story and sidequest.- Still not a good port for non SLI GTX 700's (If you have PS4 buy that version!)"
76561198110425361,Recommended,242050,29156636,Posted: 9 January,all,Corleone,"best of the AC so far and i play all even rogue if you are not sure witch one to buy this one for sure is the best. biggest map, lots of side activities, minigames, have your own island, ship and fleet all that in the caribbean sea"
,Recommended,242050,7875152,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,snoe,"Not only the best Assassin's Creed entry since brotherhood, but an excellent pirate game in its own right. The story and characters are far and away the most well-done out of any of the previous ACs, and the open world aspects are substantial and engaging. While pirating itself is done well, fleet commanding leaves a lot to be desired, and the present-day sections (in true AC fashion) can feel like a distraction from the main game. Though there is not a huge incentive to explore many of the smaller islands outside of 100% completition, other side quests and city exploration make up for it.My biggest critique is that apart from optional objectives and quests where detection results in failure, stealth is rarely the best option. The combat--while fluid and enjoyable--is easy enough that Edward will have pretty much no problem with any group size as long as you are attentive. That said, the combat is very visceral and well-animated, and enjoyable despite it's lack of challenge.Overall, an excellent title and easily one of the best Assassin's Creed games to date. The non-Desmond based story makes it ideal for new players entering the series as well."
,Recommended,242050,8016145,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Mrazish,"ТОРТУГА, ЮНИТИ, ДВИЖУХА, ПИРАТСТВО, МОЛОДОСТЬ, ХАРДКОР! 359!"
,Recommended,242050,10924220,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TheOmegaNerd,"Note: I Haven't completed the game yet.I've been a long time fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise for many years, and Black Flag seems to be my favorite of the series to play. However I would have to say that Edward isn't my favorite, as it has to go to Ezio in AC2. Anyway, This game has a ton of places to explore side missions to complete and it's just damn fun. As of now my only complaints are, the endless amount of grinding to upgrade your ship, and the annoying tailing missions.  Graphically the game is beautiful at max settings.  Overall this game is great and I can't recommend it enough.  Go buy it!"
,Recommended,242050,25641648,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Mad,Best AC gameplay game!
,Recommended,242050,11443013,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Whiteboy,"ARRR This game be good lad.. haha, very decent game :) worth buying but PLEASE UBISOFT/STEAM/ANYONE Patch the 60fps cap!!!! ppl have 120hz monitors now! duhh"
,Recommended,242050,29359184,Posted: 19 January,all,✪ Lagerbooost | Pvpro.com,"Very nice looking game with a good story and lots of side activities that can take around 50 hours to do. There are also interesting DLCs but the only reasonable one to buy is Freedom Cry, because you can farm those supplies and reveal locations yourself. Dont be a lazy♥♥♥♥♥:)10/10"
,Recommended,242050,13525049,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Diego 'Scoutmaster050',"Great story, at least compared to AC3, end rather randomly tho...Great open world, possibility to harpoon, dive and stuffIt's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, i hugely recommend you buy it :P"
,Recommended,242050,23343233,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Mono-san,"well this type of assassin's creed game sure is fun!!...missions might get a bit repetitive but ubisoft introduced the naval combat which is very fun...as soon as you get the ship you can go anywhere you can altough there are some locations which cant be entered unless you progress with the main mission...the story is great it makes you feel like a pirate captain and an assassin at the same time...overall, the game is great, the mission gets repetitive sometime but you get a ship and could battle other ships and become a ♥♥♥♥ing pirate so its worth it!!!"
,Recommended,242050,19447454,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,General Coalition,"I really like this game. It has a great story and the graphics are well done, in my oppinion.Have played up to 40 hours on Playstation 4.I can recommend this game, for people who like the series and really enjoy RPG and open world games xD"
,Recommended,242050,18540294,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Naty,"This game is perfect to destress over. Work/school week sucked? Take it out on Spanish guards!The graphics are spot on, and Edward is one likable assassin to play as. Need another reason to play this game?.. PIRATES! And you can make them sing for you.. for hours on end. Even if you play through the story there is still so much to explore, loot and plunder."
76561198037638470,Recommended,242050,10707784,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jorlog,"This game is great, revolutionary for Assassin's Creed; 4. I loved Assassin's Creed 3, even though a lot of people didn't, but 4 is a major change in the right direction."
,Recommended,242050,10608369,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cutiekat,The mechanics were alilttle off but thats to be expected for the series other then that it was fantastic i love playing it
,Recommended,242050,22885831,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,1iNcHeR,"Probably the best Assassin's Creed game there is... Just speakin the truth.. If you love pirates, hunting, killing, attacking boats type sh^t, This game is to get. Even if you haven't played any other Assassin's Creed games."
,Recommended,242050,16156396,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,I spilled lean on my jeans,This game is a masterpiece. Loved every second of it.Pros:Good StoryGood Side QuestsLots of islands to exploreLots of unlockablesPirate ship battlesBasic CraftingShip UpgradingCons:Camera Angles can be badOnline doesn't really workEnemies are too easy to fightPro/con:Feels more like a pirate game then an Assassin's Creed game.
,Recommended,242050,20505271,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,MiKeRzMaN,"yes of course i reccomend this.... great sea graphics, bloody gameplay, but i got some bugs in the black island dlc. And i stuck in observatory, the people didn't move. so... 8/10"
,Recommended,242050,12494128,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Cris Espi,"It's the type of game where you can play 2hrs of the main story and then go do your own stuff, discover the world, level up and spend a few dozend hours having a blast, and when you check your actual progress you see you've only advanced only 15% of the main story. It is massive and full of content. I've had similar experiences in that regard with Skyrim and Far Cry 3."
,Recommended,242050,8388928,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TaurusBully,"Installed the game and didnt look back for 9 hours, what else can i say,even with the time spent sofar theres still plenty to learn, at first i just explored the area collecting coins and jewels, and kicking♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,242050,23812454,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Maritan,Главный герой наконец-то не ходит как макака со сколиозом/10
,Recommended,242050,13158565,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,NecroTed,Ship Simulator 2013
,Recommended,242050,8839216,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Otz's Manservant,"Okay, I'll try to write down my commentary to AC4 (comparing it sometimes to AC3 too), remember that it is MINE OWN opinion, so it might vary from yours (though I will try to judge fairly). Minor spoilers awaiting!*****Concept*****The idea of Edward Kenway is... kind of weird. I'm not against it, but not on it either. Yes, he might be the one that have some genes in him or anything that makes him being able to do all the assassin's feats while being a simple pirate from the beginning and NEVER pass training like previous characters (that stuff took Connor some years if I remember correctly). But also you'll never see in these games a lot of such people, so why there can't be one? It kind of makes sense though.Also it is original, apparently thought through and looks cool! But still that's a little weird...*****Storyline*****""Main missions"" in the game, which I consider as storyline, I found rather short. Yes, I mean that I do not really like that there's too little story missions in the game. But when I finished the story and looked on Steam to see how much time I spent on this - Oh my god - it's been about to 211 hours! Total sync was, like, 61% I think (did a lot of side activities too, like missions in town, upgrading the ship and character, looting chests and etc). So when I summed it up, it was clear that those hours just flew by - I liked it a lot. But still, I think some measures not to be able to rush down the story would be ok (like, making story mission appear only after certain time spent on side-activities or such, but even better would be making story just longer). I don't really know, but I recall that AC3 had much more main missions, or they were longer. But at the same time, I do like the Storymode overall. Even though it was a too fast adventure, I ""liked"" or ""really liked"" all the missions except one (not gonna spoil it though), because they all are well-made and aren't empty: there's a lot of action in every of them. So, I could basically just not rush it down and try to be more patient in the game, basically, there's might be no wrong in the story mode at all.*****Combat System*****Combat in AC4 was harder than one in AC3. And I really do like it. Back in the previous game, I was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about how easily you can slash people down, how op counters are and how useless is parry. Now, when the slow-mo in counter is gone and you can no longer counter Brutes attack (you always dodge 'em), the combat became far harder. Also the Human Shield mechanic and idea of gunners is also splendid - it made combat actually challenging, but maybe not too much (yet if you think about it, why would it be hard combat if you fighting, like, one against ten people? That'll be too hard). I also still think that parrying is rather useless, unfortunately, but it was buffed and, in vary rare situations, it actually helped me, so it's not hopeless. And the thing that I actually missed in this game that is arsenal. AC3 had MUCH more different types of weapons and had more tools, so I was expecting this in AC4, but it didn't come true, sadly. However, new mechanics (like, four pistols and darts, as well as new shenbao (rope dart) are cool). Combat in the seas is even more challenging that the one on earth. It is kinda making no sense that you can aboard one of five ships you fight, and other ones will do nothing, while after that you repair your ship because of boarding and fighting like a god damn vampire-ship-thingie (on other side without this strategy you do not survive grand battles against strong opponents). I don't approve that idea. But in 1v1 fights overall navi combat is nice, though I don't really see use for chain missiles. I also was dissapointed about maximum of infamy your Jackdaw may reach. I really hoped this cap was far higher, so at it's peak you'll be hunted by legendary hunter or something. Overall, I think that combat system needs some more tweaks, but mostly it is fine and entertaining.*****Stealth System*****Stealth is the great part of AC games, but in this game i found Social Stealthing in the Single Player being freaky and mostly ineffective when stalking zones are overpowered. In Multiplayer, reverse is true: haystacks are mostly useless, while social stealthing is too useful. The mechanic that you move with the crowd in MP should have been also in SP, otherwise you need to speed up from time to time to keep up with crowd and it makes already hilarious stealthing even more broken. So, AC4 is rather ""stealthing"" game than ""social-stealthing"", as it was used to be. But overall the mechanics became better compared to AC3. It now makes a little more sense - standing in the crowds in AC4 became better (by means of animation and that's not too laughable right now by realistic means), and stalking ""in the wild"" is keeping up, too (AC3 bushes made no sense - you CAN'T hide in so thin vegetation, but AC4 is almost perfect in these means). The AI of enemies is still lacking and very badly at some points (not too buggy but mostly irrealistic), yet overall I think it is on right course.*****Side activities*****The Assassin's Creed 4 contains a lot of side activities, including harpooning, collecting stuff, side missions and so so on. The first thing I experienced about that - side missions - vary in the game and are a little less exciting than ones in AC3. Still, pretty enjoyable and so they are fun (Templar Hunt is like a little story line which I appreciate very much). Fleet, however, is a great failure for me. A minigame? Are you kidding me? This is a FLEET. I really am dissapointed about that, I thought it'd be far more epic. However, Diving is also very exciting, but sometimes a little to hard (for example, hint about new hostile creature in the seas appeared only after it hit me. How's that fair?). Still is well made activity. Harpooning is very enjoyable though - you need to charge, to aim harpoon, to counter attacks of the prey by interrupting it and stuff. About collecting... Well... I am not a fun of this type of things yet they did not annoy me too much in AC4. Actually, if you'll try to collect them while sailing somewhere you actually would like to sail (we're passing by, why not stop for a three minutes or so?), they are ok. But the way they are in the world... It's a pain, but the best I can imagine them to be. They are spread in the world, but strangely - seems to be close, yet you need to drop to the island, collect stuff, jump again to the ship, sail to the another location for a little while, repeat. That's how you collect them. Even if you do it only when it's not so hard to do, it still is a painful thing to add into the game - even the chests ain't worth picking up by the loot they have inside (cargo standing on the ground won't worth a single button pressed for them). That makes collecting stuff for me purely rating-challenge based activity, where you  ladder up above some people you don't even know. But yeah, those three chests probably will move you upwards on ladder for 1 000 people who do not care about such stuff. Yaaay. Much pride. So wow. However, collecting some things from different sources (treasure maps and diving for example) gives you plans for your ship to make it stronger or some other huge bonuses, making collecting somehow useful too. So, the side activities mostly do give you some in-game stuff after the story mode, yet it might be boring and also ain't endless.I wanted to tell more, but that's limit of symbols. Overall - recommend."
,Recommended,242050,7764598,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,M3boooch,"black flag is the best assassin creed part ever ,graphic is much beter, the stealth too , the island add more intrest into the game .the naval combat took a big part in the game also the story line are great ...!!rated with 9.5 /10"
,Recommended,242050,7994049,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,TheWalrusEffect,Finally. A good pirate game. I'm so happy.
,Recommended,242050,8073122,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Ker Blam,"This is my first review and I am trying to portray everything I think so feel free to leave feedback for me or questions in the comments!Assassin's Creed IV may have reached the pinnacle game out of my Assassin's Creed collection.First the bad:Technical Issues: A pain in the a** to preload and some bugs, but Ubisoft has been pretty good about patching them out so it shouldn't apply to anybody. The worst glitch I had by far, a kill objective that wouldn't go away and led to nothing, has been patched out, and aside from that most of the bugs I encountered in the game were actually quite funny, like my ship disappearing and leaving a hole in the sea, and rising out of the hole like it was some kind of dimensional ship later. One of my friends did report a lot of crashing for him when he first installede the game, but that has been fixed. One REALLY BAD issue is that two of my Assassin's Creed-playing friends have had their save files reset by the game and had to start all over again, so keep your eye out for that. I can see why they waited three weeks to release it, as it would've been much more of a mess if they hadn't. Also on a side note, I had an SSD that made loading screens nonexistent, but when I had to move it over to my 7200 RPM hard drive to make room for BF4, and the load times were much much longer, and it took away from the awesomeness of fast traveling.Kenway's Fleet: There is a feature you unlock relatively early int he story that is similar to the Assassin Brotherhood from Brotherhood/Revelations/AC3 where you can send your ships on trading missions for easy cash. The only catch is that you have to unlock the ships from in-game (which I love) and that you have to use resources you get from fighting in ship battles inside the Kenway's fleet minigame, which is terrible. You pick ships that go against their ships, make sure the Odds of success is high, and press the space bar. You have to watch the ships slowly duke it out, and the only thing you can do during then is maybe if you feel like it use a limited fire barrel that does a very small amount of damage on the enemy ship. I know this is supossed to be for the mobile app, but it is still VERY tedious and they still have to port it over to phone. It is an easy way to get cash and I am very very happy Ubisoft didn't make this a giant microtransaciton-fest, but I only do it if I have to. Friends can help your ships out on missions by speeding them up or healing them, but overall it kinda sucks.No pets: Come on...Home island: Not too long into the game you get access to an island you can build up similar to the Homestead from AC3. However, unlike AC3, there are no missions, you just throw large amounts of money at people so they can build things for you. For example, you can build a great fire thing that will let the Drunken Pirate group you can recruit be free. It's better than nothing, but I actually liked the Homestead missions.Combat (kind of): It hasn't changed much from AC3, it is still extremely fun to kill people and I have pride in my 5,000+ kills in the game. The only thing I miss from previous games is that in this you only have three main weapons you always have with you: two swords you hold at the same time, your fists, and hidden blades. Anything else you can only pick up for a small amount of time.What is good/great:Story: I loved the story. The pirate one, while not as good as AC2/Brotherhood (and I never expect any AC game to measure up that high) it was really good. In the near future world, you play a mute first-person Abstergo employee who does things with memory and stuff because I don't want to spoil AC3 for you. While I wish the story connected a little more to the end of AC3 (aside from the ending), I know that this lets Ubisoft make as many games as they want until Assassin' Creed dies and they can make a final game. The piratey story focuses more on pirates than anything else. Edward just picks up an Assassin suit in the beginning and says ""I like this"". He doesn't become a true Assassin until the very end. However, they set a end goal with the Assassin storyline and let you go about your piratey buisnesss, mostly pertaining to Nasau, the pirate HQ of sorts.Tutorial/Controls: It is not very long, and aside from the diving bell, you get almost everyhting not very far into the game. They have definitely learned from the last game in that regard. I just switched to PC this game, I used to play them on Xbox, and the keyboard/mouse controls felt natural and all the buttons mapped out (Xbox 360 controllers are suportted but mine broke and I wanted to get used to the keyboard controls). They have a system where if the game notices you keep failing at something (like block) it will remind you how to do it. It is very cool, and if you don't like it you can turn it off (I tihnk)Multiplayer: While still not as good as single player, the multiplayer is very fun. I was able to quickly start a clan with my friends and we went on Wolf Pack which was very fun. While most of my AC friends haven't even touched multiplayer, it is a very oversighted feature that should be played for a bit at least.Graphics: I got my GTX 770 a day before my AC4 game came out, so I was able to see the glorious visuals that completely eclipse anything the Xbone and PS4 have to offer. I could max it out at 30-50 FPS (driver updates will make it run better) and if I turned down non-essential features like anti-aliasing and kept shadows and texture quality high, it looks gorgeous at 40-60 FPS. My friend has an older computer, but he says it looks decent if you don't mind turning a couple settings down. Keep in mind NVIDIA cards have bonuses like God Rays and some antialiasing and other stuff that is cool but not essential.Combat: Still very fun, very addictive, and has more challenge than the one-button Ezio days. It always makes me happy to see a room filled with dead Spaniards or British.Ship Stuff: An incredible addition to the game. It isn't a sailing sim by any means, but it is fun to sail your ship around, stopping at Caribbean islands to get some booty or to find some Assassin Contracts. Ship combat is much more compex than AC3, with many weapons at your disposal. It looks pretty too, and the best part is that if you want all the loot the ship has to offer you bring its health down then board it, going along the rope swings, manning the swivel guns, or jumping from your mast to theirs. It becomes normal Assassin's Creed again, with the objective of killing people and doing other things like blowing up gunpowder or cutting down flags/ When you take over a ship, you can either destroy it to repair your ship, lower your notoriety (it only applies to ships now) or send it to Kenway's Fleet, which I covered earlier. Either way, you get resources, crew members, and sometimes money. Resources can either be sold (like rum or sugar) or used for upgrades (like cloth, wood, and metal). More crew members means more people firing your cannons and helping you fight the people you're boarding (even though they are really bad at it) You can also ""save pirates"" in some of the land segments, where you kill their captors and they will join your crew. Also, if you're desperate, you can buy crew members or lower notoriety from people near tavens. Speaking of notoriety, if you destroy too many ships they will send bounty hunters after you. You can just attack them like any other ship, it's just that they have red sails and will look for you. I didn't find ship battles to be TOO hard because I was great at resource management and it didn't take too long to get all the best upgrades.OVERALL: Buy it. It is amazing. Friend me on Steam or Uplay (wkhammond)Time to beat story: I did many of the side quests and such before, and it took 30-35 hours to beat.Advice or tips: Uplay is required to play it as anotehr form of DRM. I didn't mind it, but some may MOR BELO"
,Recommended,242050,8542253,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SixNineSix,Vary Nice Open World Game Tons to do in it.
,Recommended,242050,8777403,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,iciboy| A Bloody Viking,"Assasin's Creed flag. Another installment of the assasin's creed franchies and what do i think ? One of the best yet !. I have to admit i didn't like it at first, it got of to a slow start. But as the game goes on in ties you in to the point were i couldn't come of it !. The ending like all assasin's creed is superb and it left me pouring out of what could become of this franchies. A Heartwarming installment to an amazing franchies i hope they will produce the same in the next few games ! DEATH TO THE TEMPLARS !"
,Recommended,242050,8359044,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,kh346,BEST AC GAME EVER
76561198031548300,Recommended,242050,8703190,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Princess Luna,Yarr.
76561198019414940,Not Recommended,242050,35306077,Posted: 29 September,all,pangsea,"I regretted purchasing this game.I dont even get to START the game!!!!!~UBISOFT!! Y do you even bother to build something that doest work!!!!!Please fix this crap portal of UbiSoft.I am going to ask for a refund, and will nvr purchase another title from you guys ever again, as long as that crap UPlay of yours exist!!!!!"
,Recommended,242050,35262129,Posted: 28 September,all,Willy D. Longpong,"This game works fine. I can't vouch for the quality yet but the game works fine. If you don't think your computer is just a console with a keyboard, you won't have any issues.::::::UPDATE::::::::I've since put about 24 hours into it and I've got a much better handle on the quality of the actual game. It's definitely the best AssAss game I have played but I've only played the first, II and III previously. I was not a big fan, to say the least.This really feels like a departure from the first three games, thematically and mechanically. If you didn't like the bulk of the previous games, the climbing, running, jumping, jumping off high things, the fairly rudimentary combat of Counter, Strike, Counter, Strike, there is still a LOT of that. This time the core AssAss experience is very well broken up by a very interesting, fun and surprisingly well realised naval game about piracy.You aren't the chosen one, you are a pirate that through his ignorance and tunnel vision ends up embroiled in this existential battle. It's very easy to forget there are Assassins and Templars at all, you are reminded here and there, of course, but you are free to go back out to sea looking for islands and having ship battles.If you really didn't get on with the other games, everything you didn't like is still present. If you like ships and the sea and piracy and didn't totally despise the AC experience you may or may not have already had, it's definitely worth a go.Things to keep in mind.Back up your saves regularly. I lost a good 15 hours of progress to a ""damaged save. delete or start new game"" which seems to have been fairly common.The Deluxe and/or Season Pass issue. The basic edition of ACIV on steam is entirely complete if we are talking about genuine content, not piffle. You won't run into a part of the basic game where a DLC should be. The genuine content in the Deluxe and Season pass is unrelated to the main game. Different stories, different characters and started separately from the main menu. So I would say for most people, get the basic version, you aren't missing anything of note."
,Not Recommended,242050,35301644,Posted: 29 September,all,ShadowAmarok,"Why... why Uplay? It won't even open the launcher, how would it open the game?0/10"
76561198158324688,Not Recommended,242050,30711503,Posted: 24 March,all,sicxind,no matter how low i put the settings I can't get 60fps. and the game locks at 30fps. if I turn off v-sync the game has the most horrible screen tearing I have ever seen.  it really ruins this good game to an unplayuable state. I shouldn't have any problems getting 60fps considering my computer is well above the recomended specs. UBI should think about patching this title even though it was released years ago.
,Recommended,242050,29025229,Posted: 4 January,all,Murf,gg
,Recommended,242050,29382895,Posted: 20 January,all,Poob,good
,Not Recommended,242050,10663452,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Naeddyr,"Ubisoft has done it again. I bought this game at a later date to get it at a lower price and in the hopes that all the bugs and wrinkles would be ironed out.I don't need to complete that paragraph, do I?I bought the game mainly for the multiplayer, and haven't played the single-player beyond the first island, so this review won't be going into that. I am sure it also has its share of annoyances. In any case, I was hoping that Ubisoft would have learned from all the ♥♥♥♥ups of the past, but no.There are three kinds of bugs: the first kind is the one you can live with. The other kind is one that prevents you from playing, something that is often a mercy.The third kind is the kind that is tantalizing, something you think you could ignore... but no. It is there, ♥♥♥♥ing up your day, all the time in the most frustrating ways possible.I don't get angry at games. Except... Assassin's Creed Multiplayer.The MP is a mess of connection and server-side issues. For example, for me the leveling mechanism does not work properly, and I will be rewarded with in-game skill point currency I am due if I am very lucky during a particular session. Then there are the constant matchmaking and connection issues that plague the game itself. We live in the far-flung future of 2014, and Ubisoft still hasn't figured out how to program a multiplayer game that doesn't ♥♥♥♥ with you at random.I tried to reset my password at the Ubisoft support site, but even their password reset system is bugged, because they ♥♥♥♥ed up their recaptcha system by providing two obligatory fields when the captchas themselves are just providing single-word Googlemaps address numbers nowadays.This is a good time to mention the time I discovered that when registering into Ubisoft-something-or-other the system would glady accept a password with space characters--and then not accept passwords with spaces in them when logging in, making you question your sanity as you desperately try to figure out why all your passwords don't work.This mess of frustration is just a culmination of Ubisoft's philosophy of tossing out a new game every year and trying to monetize the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it in the meanwhile, all the while ignoring the glaring problems their games have as they migrate on to their next project: their grandest, most vast ♥♥♥♥ up to date, whenever that is.I am reasonably certain that the Abstergo Credit bug is because you can now buy microtransaction currency for real money. The systems for preventing abuse are also ♥♥♥♥ing everything up for everyone else. Some people have even reported not getting their microtransaction rewards, which is the only reason why I don't think Ubisoft is preventing normal in-game currency collection to sell Erudito credits.As the multiplayer component of an AC game dies out as each new titles in the series come out, I wish that the multiplayer could be divorced from the single player in order to give it the time it needs to mature and to keep a steady long-time player base. As it is, though the MP is a beautiful, beautiful game, it is beautiful in the way that a sick person dying of consumption in some old Gothic novel is beautiful: pale, doomed and breaking my heart."
,Recommended,242050,27292433,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,inconspicu0us,"Best AC after Revelations. A fully positive experience, just wish it was longer."
,Recommended,242050,23753403,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Avoider74,"Great graphic, beautiful landscape, good ship battle experience, unique gameplay with previous Assassin's Creed game, glicthes happen sometime but not affect gameplay much, Uplay does not give trouble for me like other saying. Game runs fine (25~40fps) with medium video settings on my Acer Aspire V15 Nitro 2015.10/10 Very huge map with tons of collectibles and side missions enough to keep you busy until next summer sale."
,Not Recommended,242050,25774525,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,GoBlin,"Bought it, registered to Uplay and couldn't log in so now i'm IP banned and i can't play the game. Money well spentGG Uplay"
,Recommended,242050,12803479,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Stray,"Pirates and Assassins Creed....I mean, buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥right now!"
,Recommended,242050,30256555,Posted: 1 March,all,Toxman,"Great Assassin's Creed game, I like it alot! For the first few hours, i had problems with the map, when i didn't know where to go, but when i got it, it was really easy! But I think that you shouldn't buy this game when not in sale. 9/10!"
,Not Recommended,242050,29233567,Posted: 13 January,all,Mr. Weaver,"If you enjoy frame drops, gamebreaking bugs, and poor optimization, this is the game for you. After being out for over 3 years, the PC version of this game is by far one of the worst ports I have ever seen. The game runs poorly even though I have a 980m and an i7 processor. Regardless of the settings I still get frame drops and the game bugged out so badly once that I was forced to remove the battery from my laptop because the game locked up my entire computer, even though I just got the thing. Ubisoft should be ashamed that they sell a game in this state, and there is no excuse for leaving a game in a broken state for multiple years. In spite of the horrendous performance, this is still my favorite Assasins Creed games. When it works, it is a beautiful game with mechanics and gameplay unique from all of the other games in the series. Buy this game on console if you want a working version."
,Recommended,242050,7813834,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,barefootmatthew,"Hands down, the BEST pirate simulation game on the market. This is the game that Disney WISHES they could make with the ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" license, as it accurately models all of the appropriate kinds of things that one could ever wish for from a game about pirates. Sailing the seven seas looking for treasure? Check. Intense naval battles and skirmishes that you just manage to survive by the skin of your teeth? Check. Carousing and brawling in taverns and dives throughout the West Indies? Check, check, and check. As a pirate game, Black Flag is just about perfect. As an Assassin's Creed game, well, let's just say that Ubisoft could have completely left that whole assasins versus templars subplot out of the game and none of us would have missed it. In all honesty, the AC franchise has floundered somewhat in recent chapters of the series, so if the pirating part of Black Flag weren't so strong to make up for the lackluster plot contrivances of the greater mythology, I would have come away disappointed. But as it stands, I've got alomst 100 hours in on this game, and reached 90% completion, butI could easily see myself adding to that total just trying to track down all the hidden treasures, upgrading the Jackdaw, running resources all over the world with my fleet, and plundering anything and everything that sails the open ocean. This game is amazingly beautiful as well.Not everything about it works as well as it could. The same control issues that have plagued the series from the beginning remain - Edward too often springs off in the wrong direction, or grabs a ledge when you want him to air-assassinate someone, and don't even get me started on the cluster-frak that is deck-fighting. And although there was some effort put towards improving stealth play, it's still falling well behind games where that is the main mechanic. I still found myself much too often just saying ""forget it"" and wading in with dual swords drawn. At the very least, the number of ""remain undetected"" missions is kept to an absolute bare minimum, allowing me to enjoy the campaign without screaming obscenities at the screen (so far the only real obsceneites have been directed towards the optional Legendary ships, who cheat like the floating cheaters that they are).I certainly recommend this game for fans of the series, but also for those who were never a fan of the series. Unlike previous entries, Edward Kenway is NOT an assassin, nor does he really work for them. He's out for himself and his friends, and it just so happens that their interests align at times. Because of this, you don't need to know the backstory to understand Edward's motivations or what he's doing from moment to moment. If you're a fan of pirates at all, it's well worth the price to pick up this robust game."
,Recommended,242050,29385019,Posted: 20 January,all,bin,fun
76561197978146154,Not Recommended,242050,21044525,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,tsfreaks,Be careful. You have to download their UPLAY software. The uPlay software that comes with the game is out of date and requires that you download from their site but nothing tells you that until you google for it. I'm going to get my money back. I don't want 3rd party crapware on my machine to play a game. I wish they put big warnings on games requiring 3rd party software. A VERY BIG no thank you to that.
,Not Recommended,242050,21088221,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,-Hen0ee,Uplay annoying it suck
,Not Recommended,242050,19400708,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,abejonejo97,"This game is great overall. A really fun experience from the moment you get your own ship. you can pillage and roam the seas as a pirate freely until Uplay erases all your data. This happened to me like ten minutes in and I blamed my computer, but then it happened with a 30 hour savegame and has ruined this game for me now... as an addition it took me like 20 mins to start this game up, as when you launch it from steam it opens Uplay and when you launch it from Uplay it opens steam again.... overall a great experience while it lasted. FIX UPLAY!!"
76561197992468578,Not Recommended,242050,26171114,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,The Fresh Prince,"As much as I want to recommend this game, I just cant. after completing 75% of the game I lost all my saves to a single crash. I reloaded the game and it told me all my saves are corrupt. What the ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft?  how can a crash corrupt ALL my saves. Also, Uplay lies when it says it synces your saves. Game play and story are good but it can all be lost so easily.Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft"
76561198289727772,Not Recommended,242050,30158203,Posted: 24 February,all,zjufengyufei,"Buy Bugs and Get Ubisoft's Game, that's true"
76561198091169034,Not Recommended,242050,35304948,Posted: 29 September,all,Orcus the Mad,uplay wont let me play. dont bother buying this or any ubisoft game
,Recommended,242050,23227735,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ShooterMcGvn,"Underneath all of the boring tailing missions, awful unskippable Abstergo cutscenes ("" Hey, sup? Just wanted to remove you from your fun real quick to remind you to do quests"") and wonky underwater diving for chests that give the same payout as the ones on land, is an AMAZING pirate game.8/10 Would throw spears at an innocent orca whale again."
76561198025025582,Not Recommended,242050,28781829,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheCakeIsaPie,"I really wanted to like this game, and for the first few hours I really did. As you can see by the number of hours I spent playing, I stuck it out because I really wanted to recommend this game. In the end, however, it just didn't pan out.It starts out with a lot of promise, but it gets tedious after a few hours. There are seven types of collectibles strewn about the world (treasure chests, hidden treasure chests, treasure maps, message-in-a-bottle, animus fragments, wild animals to hunt, and sea shanties) and they take forever to collect. Some are more enjoyable to get than others. The sea shanties aren't that bad, but you have to go chasing after them which can be a hassle depending on what sorts of challenges you like. The buried treasure chests are challenging to look for, but if it's not your cup of tea then the search can be irritating. The collectibles on the tiny islands in the middle of the ocean are the worst because you have to dive off the ship and go swimming to the little islands to grab a chest, then go swimming back. It takes forever!Granted, you aren't required to find most of these collectibles, but if you want to afford upgrades so that you can stand a chance in combat later on then it's a strong recommendation (or if you're a completionist, of course). Boarding ships gets especially tedious after the hundredth time, and there are many unskippable animations and mini-cutscenes that play the same every time you do a certain action. Eventually your patience will wear thin and even sending your fleet on trading missions will become dull and obnoxious. I don't know how bad the tedium would be for a casual player, but I really don't want to spend several hours trying a ""lite"" playthrough to see if it's possible.The story is so-so. Fortunately, most of the time is spent in the animus. And most of the time you just play a piratical action-adventure; until it takes a strange turn into pirates-meets-sci-fi. It's honestly not that bad, and the setting returns to normal at the end, but it could have done without. For what it's worth, the story is a mostly fun adventure and the characters (in the past) are pretty interesting, even if they're not all loveable.Pros:-Some fun weapons. My favorite is the berserker dart.-Sailing the high seas can be pretty fun and/or relaxing.-SEA SHANTIES! YOUR CREW SINGS FOR YOU!-The soundtrack in general is great.-All the strengths of the previous AC games are here.-More customization. Outfits, custom parts for your ship, and renovations for your manor.-Famous pirates such as Blackbeard and Charles Vane make an appearance. Characterization in general is pretty well-done. Kenway is charming and most of the characters are full-fledged and engaging.-Wide variety of settings. Sail around the caribbean and dive underwater at certain spots.-At times, feels like a big-budget ""Sid Meier's Pirates.""-Fast travel is a godsend.-You can pet dogs. Obviously Ubisoft had their priorities straight.Cons:-The tedium is hefty, especially if you are a completionist. On the bright side, you can collect most of the collectibles early in the game and get them out of the way. At mission 4 out of 13 I was able to get almost 75% game completion.-Some stupid scripted set pieces that look good in a trailer for E3 but make for bad gameplay. On more than one occasion I was delayed from completing an objective because it was ""too soon"" for the game's liking. Also, the canned animations that play the same way every time something happens! If one more stupid frickin' eel jumps out at me from the seaweed, so help me....-If you don't get all the sea shanties in close succession, then the first ones you find will become tiresome from hearing them so many times. Fortunately, you can turn off shanties and then turn them back on once you've collected them all.-No one cares about the animus or the ""meta-story arc."" Just have an opening and ending cutscene in the modern day and then let us swashbuckle in peace in the middle. To be fair, there is far less modern-day stuff in ""Black Flag"" than in past installments.-Swordfighting can be frustrating because many of the soldiers are very adept at blocking your attacks.-The main game is pretty short. I usually consider this a good thing because I like games to be short and sweet when possible, but not in this case. I feel that the developers placed too much importance on collectibles to drag out the game's length instead of focusing on real substance. There is even DLC that allows the player to spend less time playing the game. This is good in a way, but also bad because it proves that the game shouldn't be this long. The amount of collectibles is insane. They could have added more missions or sidequests instead."
76561198031279444,Not Recommended,242050,8968457,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,I LIVE IN A BOX,NOT GOOD ON PC DO NOT BUY IT HAS SOO MANY GRAPHICAL GLITCHES ITS A WASTE OF MONEY
,Recommended,242050,23462840,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,bigseastar,"A MASERPIECE!One of the best pirate games out there with stunning graphics, an interesting story, some memorable characters and especially, the naval combat system is awesome. Edward Kenway's badassness has led me to fall in love with this game and made me play other AC series as well. Personally I don't like collectibles put in-game just to extend the playtime, but I've put my best effort to collect every single thing in this game. I've spent hours and hours completing achievements and accomplished a 100% synchronization which I normally don't do.If only this was not developed by Ubisoft.♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft.Give me back my 100% sync save file."
,Recommended,242050,12429500,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ThuBz',"9/10i own it on PS3, PS4 and PC.. Enough said!"
76561198082809932,Recommended,242050,8728740,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,LiquorLand,unless your name is ricky doney and your running a 10 year old computer this is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,242050,14941835,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Joseph Goodell,"This game is good, really good but i can't reccomend it. For only one reason, it is a uplay game. Why would i buy a game on steam just for a key for the game on uplay? Come on this is just unacceptable. Don't support this, get it on console.Game: 8/10Service: 1/10"
76561198005549511,Not Recommended,242050,8538597,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Lambda 8,"Don't get me wrong, the game looks awesome and the bit I played is just fine. The only reason I don't reccomend this game is because of the bloody DRM. You have to download ubisoft's ""UPlay"" and create a new account on it and stay sgned in to that if you want to be able to play this game. I recommend this game overall, but if you want it, get it on a console instead."
76561198096060422,Not Recommended,242050,22063983,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ImW Lecro,I can't even start game everytime i press play game starts and says AC4BF.exe is not responding
76561198096431153,Not Recommended,242050,10891348,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,gbilliar66,uPlay i hope u burn in hell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I bought the game from steam took a picture of the activation code and typed it in correct now it is saying incorrect code then kicked be from the uPlay site for 60 minutes.
76561198039605658,Not Recommended,242050,8064060,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,alexmonkeyboy,"As far as PC control goes - nobody should play this game - yes, it's twice as good as Assassin's Creed 3, but that only makes it the 2nd most annoying game I've ever played.  The control of the protagonist is beyond stupid, beyond annoying, beyond reason.  This game leaves me wishing I never bought it."
,Recommended,242050,13203393,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Cpt. James o'Donegal Smith,"We waited together for the cowards to comeOutgunned and outnumbered but we wouldn’t runNo mercy, no quarterThey’ll pay for their sinsNow lower the cannons the battle beginsWe waited together for the cowards to comeOutgunned and outnumbered but we wouldn’t runNo mercy, no quarterThey’ll pay for their sinsNow lower the cannons the battle beginsWe weighed anchor in anger, set sail for revengeHoisted the canvas turned her into the windWe’ll hang ‘em high for justice and the whole world will seeNow off with their heads boys and bring ‘em to meWe waited together for the cowards to comeOutgunned and outnumbered but we wouldn’t runNo mercy, no quarterThey’ll pay for their sinsNow lower the cannons the battle beginsWe’ll rattle the sabers for the tyrants’ demiseFeed half to sharks and the rest to the fliesAn honorable death for you would be too niceI’d like to savor the moment and kill you twiceWe waited together for the cowards to comeOutgunned and outnumbered but we wouldn’t runNo mercy, no quarterThey’ll pay for their sinsNow lower the cannons the battle beginsThe battle begins"
,Not Recommended,242050,8495563,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,demgar,"There is a game breaking save-game bug that occurs for nearly every PC user.  No sense buying a game you have to start over every time you play.There is an installation bug that occurs for a large portion of users because of Ubisoft's stupid client/game portal that only exists to try to sell you DLC.There is, incredibly enough, pay to progress ""time saver"" micro transactions in the single player! On a full price game.  What the actual ♥♥♥♥? They probably increased the progression grind just to make these more appealing (a la Diablo 3).Don't waste your money.  Support an Indie Studio or 3 instead."
76561198032119586,Not Recommended,242050,9222930,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,MoggensTweet,"Several months after release, this game is plagued by bugs which cause your computer to crash, after which your save flies will no longer work.  All the progress you might have made in the game is deleted.  Ubisoft doesn't care.  Don't waste your money.  The game is critically broken."
76561198339019469,Not Recommended,242050,35059291,Posted: 18 September,all,SFAC,F**K Uplay
76561198105806753,Not Recommended,242050,10817958,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jrj85vg,"UBISOFT HAS HIT ROCK BOTTOM IN TERMS OF CREDIBILITYUbisoft MUST hate the PC community; they just assume we are ALL hopeless pc pirates who won't support any game, be it good or bad, even in the Steam era, ... so what do they do? :a) they FORCE you to launch that Uplay crap everytime you wanna play the game: Uplay has KNOWN problems to load saved games in the cloud, and they DON'T give a damn about itb) they make sure the game is bigger than 30 GB so nobody can't even dream about pirating itc) they sell you for 29,99-49,99 a CONSOLE PORT which is NOT, and I mean N-O-T optimized for PC, even for 2012-2013 decent-good pc computers; I can run Tomb Raider, Far Cry 3 or Deus Ex like a charm on high settings...I can't even properly run AC 4 BF on medium settings; my guess is that Ubisoft WANTS you to buy the console port of their gamesthis is the end of the line for me, NO MORE UBISOFT GAMES, AND NO MORE ASSASSIN'S CREED GAMES (the franchise has gotten old already, anyway, they'll never surpass the early peak which was AC II)F*CK UBISOFT, a bunch of french canadians who are even worse than EA (and that's a HUUUUGE accomplishment)oh, the game itself is alright, nice pirate story, nice naval battles, nice environment (too bad you WILL have to enjoy it with low-off settings, unless you have a state-of-the-art 2013-2014 table computer), ...also the same old block and parry combat, same old parkour,...same old eavesdropping sh*t and repetitive side-missions,...AND same old Abstergo/First Civilization stupid nonsensethe game : 7,5-8/10pc port/support: 0/10buy this game for consoles if you NEED to play it, ignore the pc port, just IGNORE it"
,Recommended,242050,7993096,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,SLO7H,"Assassin's Creed Black Flag is a game that brings you the awesome pirate life.The main charater's name is Edward Kenway, father of Haytham Kenway which you met in Assassin's Creed 3.He leaves home for a pirate life, hoping for great fortune and riches, but it turns out to be a more bumpy ride than he first had thought.After some missions you will get your own ship, which you can upgrade by increasing the number of cannons, the armor of your ship, mortar cannons, a battering ram so you can crash into enemy ships and so on.The game encourages you to sail around and fight other ships, board them and steal their cargo in order to upgrade your ship with metal, wood, cloth and money. Rum and suger can be sold to get even more money.When you destroy enough ships you will get more wanted stars, the more stars you get the stronger pirate hunters will be spawned, and they will hunt you until you manage to remove the stars.The seas are vast and there is loads of stuff to do, be it gathering mayan secrets for something to be revealed, or following treasure maps and finding your treasure. And don't worry, after completing the main story you can still sail around and do these things.And if you are done with the main story or everything, what I love to do is to put on some epic Pirates of the Carribean music while sailing!However this is still an Assassin's Creed game, so you will still be doing missions quite similar to the previous games. Like ""Tail the target"", ""eavesdrop the conversation"", ""kill target"", ""escape area and become anonymous"" and so forth. But there are also missions where you sail with your ship to destroy another enemy ship.The main story is worth completing, because it is really entertaining and you will meet many interesting and cool characters, the ending was to me quite touching in different ways.If you (like me) doesn't like the ""new futuristic world"" where you sit in a machine, then there is both a positive and negative side.The negative side is that you are in a kind of machine.The positive side is that they have removed many of the animations inside the world where it continously remind you that you are not in the world, in the previous games you would see things manifest around you like you were in a machine, you don't see it as much in this game. And you are only drawn out of the world about 5 times.So because of this I feel that this is an improvement.I recommend this game to anyone that is interested in the pirate life, sailing around in your own ship, fighting the royal navy or pirate hunters! This is without a doubt my favorite Assassin's Creed game so far!"
76561198012655534,Not Recommended,242050,35235361,Posted: 26 September,all,vz.boone05,"Same Issues at lauch no newer updates or previous updates for this title, game freezes at loading screen after its first installed"
,Recommended,242050,12783981,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,TheLegend27,"One of my best games i would reccommend.The graphics are good, the ships which made me day, able to use 4 guns at a time,boarding ships etc. I would reccommend this game but this game requires alot of data memory. So people with a ""wood"" com, you wouldn't play this on pc, but on other platforms :)"
,Recommended,242050,12868416,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Soviet Doge,Great game and somehow most played xD
76561198130629247,Recommended,242050,32209287,Posted: 5 June,all,PRSonpy,Too much water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,242050,13867365,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Ζephir,Too much water. 7.8/10
76561197987926197,Recommended,242050,10081393,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Eremite,"Black Flag is a prettty amazing game. It take far too long to get behind the wheel of your own ship and until then the game is a litle too linear and dull, but once you're actually a pirate? It really opens up. The various types of gameplay - style, freerunning, fighting, piloting your ship - all work very well together. There's an element of grind when it comes to upgrading your ship -which is essential - but it took a very, very long time for me to get bored of attacking and boarding ships. Kenway is also the most interesting AC protagonist, I'd argue, as he's not even as Assassin most of the game, is ridculously (suicidally) stubborn and has a playable psychotic break. Amazing stuff. The loss of Desmond is welcome and the stuff in the modern day is less intrusive and actually more fun. I liked being a faceless, voiceless first person guy with a tablet way more."
,Recommended,242050,8177602,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tats,"so, it's your regular♥♥♥♥♥creed game. The story is meh, one thing Kenway was able to do assassination contracts before he even knew how the assassin's were (yes, use their crrier pigeon things). A lot of plot holes and the like, but the gme was enjoyable. I enjoyed sailing about and plunderung ships. I finnished the story and it was ok, not bad, not great, just ok. I didn't every collectible because I don't enjoy finding the same four types of items in different cities over and over and over again. The shanties were what i focused on, so i didn't have to hear the same three the whole game. buy it if your a fan of♥♥♥♥♥creed games, this isn't a modern pirates of the carribean or age of pirates 2. Go in knowledged and don't expect too much."
,Recommended,242050,10365710,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Ashman,"the abhorrent UPlay service crashes my PC every other time I launch this game, which is certainly a mark against purchasing it here. This is, however, a great game and possibly the finest in the series to date."
76561198078847306,Recommended,242050,8621938,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,jakub.graus13,beautiful graphic :D
76561197994589141,Recommended,242050,7761474,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Skinless,Sail a ship and watch all your friends die the game. But seriously its pretty good.
76561198010378917,Recommended,242050,10173125,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Zyborg,"The best addition to the series since Assassin's Creed II has got to be this one - Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag.It's got a revolutionary new open world consisting of hundreds of different looking islands with a hole bunch of various things to do. While not on an island or in one of the three major cities, you're on your ship. This ship, called The Jackdaw, can be upgraded with a dozen of very diverse and funny upgrades which really add to the fun.Furthermore, they've added additional completetion stuff eg. the ""Templar Armor"". This can be unlocked by completing a serious of ""Templar Hunt""-missions which almost act as different story-lines.The epic sea-fights are, yeah, epic... You never get tired of them, especially if you happen to run into a storm while fighting. In this scenario you'll have to steer your ship through tornados and rouge-waves while the thunder rages above you and at the same time keeping an eye out for the enemy ship whose cargo were the only thing you wanted. It dosn't get anymore intense than this.When adding that much new content to a game that already has a flawless gameplay, you're sure to make something great. It is obvious that this game is the result of long and tough working process, but it really payed off.Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag is the best game in this series ever released."
,Recommended,242050,9242294,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,ChronicTonic,Pirates
,Recommended,242050,9461374,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,kvin189,"If your PC can handle this game, get it. 'Nuff said."
76561198025070201,Recommended,242050,9012436,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,EGOiST,"Discover the richest world has ever seen in Assassin's Creed. Move under such legendary pirates such as Blackbeard, Calico Jack and Benjamin Hornigold, while you build a lawless republic in the Bahamas and the breathtaking events nacherlebst that have marked the golden age of piracy. Lead a Pirate's Life in 50 unique locations, from Kingston to Nassau. Make as Captain your ship according to your wishes, seeking lost treasures, hunt rare animals and plunder sunken shipwrecks.91/100"
76561198014929091,Recommended,242050,9680005,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,vex,"One of the best assassins creed games in a long time. I wasn't even hyped for this so it took me by surprise how amazing the game was.You don't play as an honorable character, or a character driven by revenge. Edward Kenway is driven by money and the persuit of more money! A nice change to see things from another perspective.Combat is more fluid than AC3 but also made hard again like AC1. And I don't mean hard as in big tough guy who blocks everything you throw at him (those guys were cheap in AC3), but you have to plan your way out of situations. Take out the small fry, let the Captain ready his gun and then use the Brute as a human shield and finish the Captain. Then escape!The ship side of things is sooooo awesome. They took what was good in AC3 and expanded on it. More attacking methods and lots of nautical terms which is nice. And due to the open world nature of the game, you can get off of your ship and explore an island and while you are on it you can hear a random ship battle between Spanish and English ships out at sea.The story like all AC games keeps you coming back for more and the modern day aspect has been reduced to very little if you don't like that side of things. Or if you do like the modern day angle, lots of exploration and discovery. Basically its there if you want it and can be ignored if you don't.I could go on saying much more; basically this game is worth the purchase."
,Recommended,242050,9671394,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Doil_Milk,You can pet a cat in this game. 11/10
,Recommended,242050,9441916,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,VoltageDelta,"The flag is in fact black, no lies"
,Recommended,242050,9778695,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,AfroSenpai,"There's something about being a pirate, manning your own ship and plundering others at sea which is just so appealing. The story missions are OK but being a pirate roaming the sea's really makes this game. Waiting for an MMO where I and my friends can be a crew, raid other ships, explore islands, protect our home town and rule the seas - CMON UBISOFT!!!!"
,Recommended,242050,9040075,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Thorgite,The best of the AC series hands down. For the most part they got rid of most the templar desmond backstory that seemed to always be a lost cause to the plot and give you a pirating-open-world experience you wont find anywhere else. Recommended to anyone who likes exploration and not being held by the hand every two seconds.
76561198020471227,Recommended,242050,8576469,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,WolfEyes (Loki'd),"Best AC game yet. Beautiful graphics, great voice acting, entertaining side quests that actually have some use other than becoming filthy rich. This game surprised me, I wasn't expecting anything very interesting to come out of it after the events of AC3.Desmond dying was kind of a striking blow, I wasn't sure where they were going to take it after that.Overall, a great game and a definite recommend."
76561198071818184,Recommended,242050,9115098,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,JR,"I feel vindicated after the last Assassin's Creed game (AC 3).  This game is more of a pirate game than it is an AC game, which is awesome!  You get right into the action at the beginning instead of sitting through hours of cut scenes like AC3.  Sailing your ship around the open seas was so much more fun than I expected.  The fluidity from land to sea and visa versa was much more smooth than I anticipated.  It's beautiful, it offers lots of things to do, and the ship controls are great.Still don't like all the Abstergo, Templar, and modern day aspect to AC games because it just doesn't make sense anymore.  But the pirate\assassin side to this game take front and center."
76561198023689697,Recommended,242050,9252864,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Wheels,"I am a long time Assassin's Creed fan, and this game was a lot of fun but it has its flaws. I'll keep this simple, Pros and Cons:Pros-Sailing. Between the ambient sounds, the crew singing, and random events, it's exciting, and even soothing.-Naval combat. Much refined from AC3, simpler even with added features. And much more exciting.-Pirating. I was glad to see the pirating had a purpose, after all, you have to have some way to obtain the wood, metal, and money needed for those shiny new broadside cannons you want.-Open world. Huge world, many places to discover and explore. Which brings me to the next pro.-Fast travel. With a world that big you need a good fast travel system for those who use it. Not only does each place have a fast travel option, but every synchronization point is its own fast travel.-Graphics. The game is beautiful. While things like hair looking a little flat, and rain popping indoors aren't very impressive, the rest of the world definitely is.-Voice acting. Top notch.-Music. Some of the sea shanties, and tavern songs still get stuck in my head from time to time. And I even YouTube a few, just to hear them again.-Present day missions. The Desmond missions left much to be desired. But I found these missions very interesting, and fun. I would actually look forward to the next mission.-Story. Some don't agree, but I liked it. It was a change of pace. The main character wasn't hell bent on revenge, he was a pirate after the next big payday. The story got more and more intriguing as time went on.-Crafting/Upgrades. Always fun to upgrade your character/gear. Especially seeing the changes affect the look of the Jackdaw.-Kenway's Fleet. Fun and rewarding mini game.The next pros, are also cons. And each point will be explained in the appropriate section.-Game play. Had some very fun missions, utilizing each of the game's strengths.-Combat. The fighting was fluid, and simple. A little to simple for some, but still fun nonetheless.-Weapons. You have your usual swords, hidden blades, and guns. But they added the blow gun, which with it's sleep, and berserk darts came in handy all throughout the game.Cons-Game play. Way too many tail and eavesdrop missions for my taste. Yes it's a stealth-ish game. But some just seemed to not be properly implemented, and just down right frustrating.-Combat. Seemed watered down from AC3. Which in my opinion was some of the coolest finishers I've seen. And you get like a fourth of them in AC4. And the slow mo finishes didn't have sound, which took away from the epic-ness for me.-Weapons. Again, watered down from AC3. There's no slot for a heavy weapon. And even though there are different types of each weapon, the guns are the only one you actually can notice a difference in. Also you don't get the rope dart till towards the end of the game.-Shipwrecks. Can be frustrating, the main downfall for me was not having a defense for the ridiculous amount of sharks congregating in the area.This next con was the biggest for me, and it might not be the games fault, it could just be mine.-The glamor just kind of wore off. I reached a point where money was no longer an issue, and my character, and ship were fully upgraded. So that just left the story. And with annoying tail and eavesdrop missions after another I eventually got turned off and stopped playing for a while. I actually felt obligated to finish it because I paid $60 for it and wanted to see how it ended.Again, that could just be me. Y'all might not run into that problem. But one thing I have noticed, is starting after Brotherhood, my in game hours have been dwindling for every new installment of the AC series. It could be the way the games are being made now, or again it could just be me.Everybody has their own opinion, and I'm just giving you mine. And my opinion on this game, is that it is definitely worth a buy. And a must have during a big sale.It's not my favorite Assassin's Creed game, but it is my favorite pirate game."
,Recommended,242050,9319061,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Insidia,"Having not played 3 after hearing bad things about it I was skepitcal and waited until it was on offer and however bad 3 must have been they have more than made up for. This is probably one of the few games in which you would get your money worth for something priced at 39.99, certainly at 25% off and upwards.One positive thing is that you don't really need to have played any of the previous games to understamd whats going on, and i'm not so sure if this is a positive thing or a small flaw but at some points I forgot I was playing the assasins creed franchise and felt I was playing an awesome pirate game. So it's safe to say the whole pirates theme is amazing, if I was to be picky perhaps a little too ""cluttered"" in areas. The controls can be quirky at times, such as just simply wanted to drop down onto a ledge in which you end up jumping off in the other direction to your death but as long as you take your time and try not rush things it shouldn't really be an issue....most of the time.There's many things in the game to keep you playing, such as discovering all locations, doing all activities in said locations, controling and taking ports and parts of the map, upgrading your ship, controlling your fleet, plundering etc.The sea battles are well designed and easy to work with and many adventures at sea to discover such as whale harpooning to crafting and upgrading your own gear. I'm begining to see a potential for an mmo here. I haven't played around with the multiplayer yet so nothing I can really say about it as I didn't buy the game for it's multiplayer content but it should be interesting to see when i when around to it."
,Recommended,242050,9144085,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Kenny log(n)s,"Assassin's Creed IV could be called ""Pirate Simulator"", and the naming would still be correct. Surprisingly though, this is not a bad thing, and perhaps contributes to it being one of the better game in the Assassin's creed series. With more focus on Edward Kenway and his pirate crew than the assassin group, this game seems to trail away from the main point of the series, however it still presents more than 40 hours of enjoyable gameplay.9/10. Would play again."
,Recommended,242050,7798301,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Rykhas,"This game is a blast.. better controls, it feels much more fluid. Great story, not all about vengence. Naval battles are awesome. I really recommend this."
76561198046965898,Recommended,242050,8833653,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,GRUMPY,awesome
76561198010594650,Recommended,242050,8369847,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,chazzee23,The best Assassin’s Creed so far.
,Recommended,242050,7838647,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,½,"A bit difference on gameplay from previous series, more free roaming on the ocean and islands. overall 9.5/10"
76561198046399297,Recommended,242050,8902035,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Tytin,"Excelent game, a little demanding on graphics but well worth it."
76561198051467143,Recommended,242050,8888600,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Sinus,"This might be the best assassin's creed game, or it is the best one so far. I love the sailing feature and the good work they have done with it. A big part of this assassin's creed game is sailing the ship but as always the fun of running, climbing and fighting is still there. I love this game and the idea of the map, open sea with islands freely explored. The world is beautifuly done, awesome work! I strongly recommend this game to old assassin's creed lovers aswell as to new ac players."
76561198073872945,Recommended,242050,9065308,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,A Sharp Egret,"I love the Assassin's Creed series, and this is the best one yet. It does a great job of taking historical figures and making them into vibrant characters with whom Edward can interact. The sailing/naval combat portions of the game are also well done; traveling between locations almost always felt like an adventure rather than a chore. One of the few downsides of the game is that several of the mission types (such as eavesdropping missions) become repetitive. Collecting sea shanties was surprisingly fun. I even thought the usually boring out-of-animus portions of the game were fun (and rather meta in this game)."
76561198072769598,Recommended,242050,8861226,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,kiester kid,"This game is PHENOMINAL. The transition between open sea and dense jungle is seamless, the combat is as 'M1, M1, M1, repeat' as ever, and the graphics are splendorous. (Note: That may mean that, if your computer is more than about a year and a half old, it may either get about -3 fps, or just implode from this game's awesomeness.) It's MUCH better than Assassin's Creed 3, so don't use that game to judge this one."
76561198039872760,Recommended,242050,8825297,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,SourBidoof,"This game is like Wind Waker mixed with Pirates mixed with Assassin's Creed. Alot of customization, lots of adventure, lots of side missions. I called in sick for 2 days just to keep playing and I still didn't even get close to beating it. I haven't been focusing much on the main missions because i've been sucked into upgrading my ship and just taking forts. Yeah, this game is fun."
,Recommended,242050,8793056,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Chronicl3,"Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag really brings back the glory to the Assassins Creed series, as Revelations and AC3, somewhat let us down. In the beginning however, we had a bit of a rough patch with some players such as losing Saved games, and hours of play time spent. With constant updates, it shows Ubisoft still cares about it's PC gamer community (Optimization being another topic) for the most part. Now, optimization isn't much of an issue to me, as my Rig is pretty powerful, but for others whom don't have this, it's a real pain, as you have to play on the lowest of low sometimes, just to get a decent frame rate. Even with some of these cons though, it's a really quite beautiful game. It brings the best of both worlds, Pirates and Assassins, with the occasional Templar. Now not to spoil anything from AC3, but in this one you may be confused as you play you, in the beginning and not Desmond. This to me is a really great aspect of the game, as you get to be yourself. Now, don't take this as you get to customize how your real life character looks because you can't, I just find it different, and kind of nice for a change. Just like Ezio, even though he was great, it was time to move on after 3-4 titles with him in it. Overall however, this game is a great buy. If you have a decent gaming PC, make sure to give this a go. Final Score would be: 8.7/10"
,Recommended,242050,10588672,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bilm0,fiett som fan
76561198001293656,Recommended,242050,10835095,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ollmeister,Singleplayer. Awesome.Multiplayer. No.. Consuela says no.It's hard to play with friends because of some kind of bug. Sometimes it works fine and alot of times it doesn't.But.. Singleplayer is still pretty awesome.Pop-pop-pop make them vessels drop!
,Recommended,242050,12133451,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,*GeorgeeMejor!,"Nicely work in this episode.Assassin + Pirate. First i thought ""what a unserious combination?"", but Ubisoft bring their head into this software-engineering."
76561198144769727,Recommended,242050,11890234,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,obadiah,"Great game, great concept, 11/10.Worth the €29,99"
76561198139830023,Recommended,242050,11838466,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Ram395,its fun
76561198012360823,Recommended,242050,30707233,Posted: 24 March,all,One UP,LOVED THIS GAME! WOULD PLAY AGAIN!
,Recommended,242050,21362750,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,mbebb,the best assassins creed ever played
,Recommended,242050,21395560,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,PRIMO,Love it .! ;D ..
76561198100910932,Recommended,242050,21167987,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,skeleton man,"This game... Where do I start? it has amazing gameplay, amazing graphics, and a kick♥♥♥♥♥storyline. This game is by far (in my opinion) the best asassin's creed game yet. You can sail the 7 seas, assassinate people just like in the otyher assassin's creed games, and do pretty much whatever you want. Definately worth its weight in green."
,Recommended,242050,18270219,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Shots,Seriously one of my favorite games. This is the first time I have ever played the Assassin's Creed series and I do say that this game was very well crafted. I rate it 10 out of 5 stars.
,Recommended,242050,13761724,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,seaVvendZ,Great Addition to the series. Definatley one of my all time faveorite games. Get it if you can. Only down side is since the release of unity no one else plays multiplayer so you can never find a game.
76561198252528252,Recommended,242050,24669642,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ignatius_a,In my opinion this is the second best assassin's creed game.I enjoyed the sailing and upgrading my ship.My ratingsStory- 8/10Gameplay- 7/10Optimisation- 6/10-Overal=7/10-
,Recommended,242050,10179748,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Big Buff Cheeto Puff,"Forward: I've been playing this game in offline mode so my hours haven't been officially logged, but I've probably put close to 30-40 hours in at the time of this review.This game competes for the best Assassin's Creed title to date since AC II. And AC II is in my top 10 games of the past 20 years.First off, the gameplay. This game definitely take a bit of a change from the AC titles of old that put emphasis (ish) on stealth. You're a pirate with two swords. And four pistols. And a lot of other tools in your arsenal. If there's no stealth bonus for the particular mission you're playing, or the game doesn't require you to stay hidden, it's actually to your advantage to go in guns blazing and swords flashing. You'll get the job done quicker and if you're even moderately okay at countering enemy attacks, it's possible to get through the entire game without taking a single point of damage to Edward. Pretty cool. The kill animations are also pretty satisfying, so bonus for that too.The climbing animations are fantastic as well. Scaling tall buildings in mere seconds has never felt so good. That 5 story church tower over there? You can climb it in probably 6 seconds. Edward climbs fast, and his agility is definitely a focal point of his animations.The story. I haven't finished it yet, but I think I'm probably 80ish percent done. The story is probably the second best part of this game. As is AC's trademark, there are famous people integrated quite well, and you can actually develop feelings towards these different characters, including Edward. Without saying much, it is a long story in comparison to the previous AC titles because of.....The sailing. The naval mechanics of this game are EXTREMELY well done. This alone could have sold this game. The camera angles look good and aren't crazy, and changing the angle is as simple as can be. The ship you sail on, the Jackdaw, comes with plenty of weapons too, and changing which weapon you fire is as simple as changing the camera angle. The story takes so long because it's absolutely essential you upgrade your ship to progress. Edward upgrades come last (unless it's crafting. Those don't cost reales), Jackdaw upgrades are hugely important.Basically, 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242050,21298866,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,The Cole Train,Good game but it needs nodded content. Being able to add or change animations and character skins would be nice. I really wish there was more upgrades and customization for the Jackdaw. Add those in and I'd buy the game again
,Recommended,242050,21294866,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Blaxe,"Just finished the game, i really, really, really, really enjoyed it. Finally got to be a pirate >;D"
76561198217555327,Recommended,242050,21296175,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Odontella,You can interact with cats!10/10
,Recommended,242050,21300070,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Biscuit,Fun and exciting. Best AC since AC2. A bug where if you let an assassin target escape bugs out and never resets was annoying but everything else was fantastic
76561197976949398,Recommended,242050,21298766,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,indingoh,"Best assassin's creed game to date (at the time of this writing, Syndicate is the latest). They've managed to take all of the good and none of the bad from all of the previous games, while greatly expanding on the naval aspects of AC3, and tell an excellent story along with it."
,Recommended,242050,10964207,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mikoo,"This game is has a great feel to it, it may not have the older assassin's creed feel but it certanly delivers in other way's like a good storyline and amazing graphic's. Sure I had my doubt's about this because of the pirate theme but i found myself ennjoying this game quite alot I would recommend this game to anyone. 9/10"
76561198046942491,Recommended,242050,16426393,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Katyusha,"Four WordsAssassian, Caribbean Sea, Pirates.Let that sink in.and buy this game."
,Recommended,242050,13509708,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Snow16,"Great fun game if you like any of the other Assassin Creed Games and if you like Pirates, or Parkour, you'll like it even more."
76561198058097173,Recommended,242050,10570738,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,blackmoses,This isn't really an Assassins Creed game.But it's still 9.5/10
,Recommended,242050,11652802,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,obj_motherfucker,"Absolutely amazing game with stunning visuals and a nice story, highly recommended"
,Recommended,242050,8062804,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Satellite Ears,"This game bring's me back into the AC world. I dind't like III and II was, and still is, my favorite. But this game is a close second."
,Recommended,242050,9614082,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Apples,Pirates yo. Thats all you need to know.
76561198031922842,Recommended,242050,8616236,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Deep Thrust,Great game! Too bad my piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥computer makes it lag.
,Recommended,242050,8314107,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Conan,"This is like the Need for Speed of pirate games. It isn't super accurate but it is certainly fun. The Far Cry 3 outpost elements work well, as does the PETA trolling whaling/shark hunting mini game. The grind for upgrades/the need for DLC to give you stuff that should be basic/and the remaining Assassin's Creed game elements are dubious at best. The main character is much more likeable than AC3, but the villains are decidedly less interesting. I really love the sea shanties and the pirating sequences but this is the sort of game that's worth it more when it goes on sale unless you must have a pirate game/love them."
,Recommended,242050,14897416,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,|Corrupt|,Only early into game but at the moment being $12 ish dollars its a bargin. Ship combat is excellent and mixes up the game. Quests can be repetative but with naval combat and customisation its overall a good game and clearly has at least 40 + hours of gameplay and exploration. Worth a look.
,Recommended,242050,11987676,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,GentleGeorge ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Great story, great graphic, great gameplay, easy ship maneuvering. But it feels like more of being a pirate rather than assassin, great game anyway. 8/10"
,Recommended,242050,14535852,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,The Spooky,HELL YEAH!
,Recommended,242050,29595763,Posted: 30 January,all,Prozac,"So far AC Brotherhood was my favourite from the series but Black Flag is a serious contender to dethrone it. Hell, if it goes for main campaign I actually enjoyed almost every single bit.Cons:- Glitches: They are back. Not many, but some of the most irritating ones I've ever witnessed in the series. Example: your quartermaster's voice is just not there after certain (luckily far) point in the game. Ade from DLC also was blessed with sweet female voice for a while. (Now everything makes sense!). Also once I've found myself trapped inside the ship during boarding. I couldn't swim out. It was awkward.- Moving on ramps/masts during boarding: I wanted to jump lower on the mast, instead Kenway grabbed the line... Sometimes he flew on it so far, he ended up in the water far from the ship boarded. There were few situations like that, oh boy, and was I not♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Freedom Cry DLC: it's not as good as it could be. In fact, after pure joy that main campaign was, this DLC drastically cooled it down after first two - three missions. Potential wasted.- Honestly I cannot think of anything else.Pros:- Environment. I guess that's the strongest side. Everywhere you look, it's gorgeous: from the sea, sandy beaches, to vegetation and wildlife. All is lively, sunny (or stormy) it makes you want to sit on the stool and drool... I mean, watch the sunset. There are taverns where a very nice songs can be heard. You can also get drunk. (Although effect isn't nearly as epic as when you get a wasted Witcher).- Music: always one of the strongest aspects of the series. No different here.- Characters: extremely well done, voice-acted and presented. Main character is also a joy to witness. [Benny Hornigold, my favourite scallywag, I liked him even after.]- Education: I've learned more from this game about pirates and the Caribbean during XVIIIth century then from any other source. True I was never much interested, but hey, don't let fools tell you games cannot teach!- Story: it was good despite my fears (ignited by malcontents who wouldn't recognize a perfect game even if they ripped on it) that it may have little to do with the Assassin's Creed story from the previous games. There is a continuation and it's not that silly.- Outfits: decent number of them, few really really good ones.- Weapons and combat system: same old, same old, and old is gold. You can have up to 4 pistols now. Shooting them is fun.- Jackdaw: your very own ship, you can change its appearance and upgrade it. You can have your crew and best of all - you can have shanties. What's not to love.- Cheats: this was the first AC game I was tempted to use some. Some are hilarious, me hearties!- Underwater missions: cool new addition. Irritating at times, but magical too,  especially with the sounds of marine life. In fact, I wish there were more.- To get full sync was not as irritating this time around (for the main campaign that is). Requirements not maddening.- Present part: I liked the twist and connection between AC in the past and the present Abstergo. I honestly didn't expect that and well... I like being surprised. Other then that, it was a bit tired after some time.- Multi-player: if anybody cares.This game is a gem. Even if someone is not very much into Assassins - Templar tough love, it is a joy just to play it."
,Recommended,242050,7792502,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,xXxKlemminator6969xXx,"Best game of the year. After you beat the story there is just so much to do!Pros:Graphics are amazingOpen world (so much details)TOO MUCH STUFF TO DOGreat customizationOnline is also loads of funCons:In general I love AC story plots but this game kinda lacked in it. Long version: You're a privateer turned pirate who gets involved in the Templars VS Assassin conflict and try to make money off it. Short version: Sneaking and Stabbing with Ships and S*it. There arer so many tailing missions you'll feel forced to finish them. I also felt that there lacked detail in general.EDIT: Freedom Cry story is pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥ Nice way they touched on such a sensative isssue without being called racistsVERDICT: 8.5 out of 10 It would be a perfect 10 if the story was a little better but I have to say all the characters were very realistic and at times you felt really into it. Howver, most of the game is like a never cuming organsm (pardon the pun). Your waiting, waiting, waiting, and the games over. The open world neverending side quests and activities makes up for that tough ."
,Recommended,242050,8549520,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Cole,Good game.  Fun activities.  Jerk off on sailors. ♥♥♥♥ yeah.
76561198020850709,Recommended,242050,20299358,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Red Lath,Awesome game. One of the best experiences for pirate's games all around.Uplay is working flawlessly + includes a few freebies.Works online and offlineThere are a lot of good detailed reviews on internet - Best AC experience along with AC2 and  SyndicateGet the Gold Edition if you can
76561198039989565,Recommended,242050,10852223,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,FullMetalRyan,"It's got some of those same old tired AC missions, where you're eavesdropping or something and immediately fail if you dare to move about a bit. But overall this is a good game, pretty much everything that takes place on the sea is fantastic - for once a game where the ""water level"" is the best bit."
,Recommended,242050,24224891,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,JokingJames2,"Some fondly remembered game designs have aged poorly, but if I didn’t know that The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker came out 10 years ago on GameCube, it would be easy to believe that this HD re-release was a brand-new PC game. That’s how well this classic action adventure game holds up. Its admirable longevity stems from excellent combat, charming characters, fun side-quests, inventive dungeons, one of the series’ best stories, and a cel-shaded art style that, while divisive, still looks great. For the re-release, Nintendo made very smart decisions about what to update and what to leave alone."
76561198041952262,Recommended,242050,21155005,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Dude~Nukem,"""Come all you young sailor men, listen to me, I'll sing you a song of the fish in the sea"" I'm sorry I got lost in the moment and what a moment it was!AC:BlackFlag is in the list of my top 20 best games of all time. In fact the game is so good I will beg the world to buy it (no, I am not getting paid by Ubisoft)My Rating: 10/10Pros:- Graphics (absolutely amazing, from realistic oceans, ships, day&night lights, every little details is to die for)- Gameplay (Hats-off Ubisoft you have pretty much nailed it, the controls are so well optimised such a smooth gameplay)- Story (very engaging and kept me intrigued, the side quests weren't bad either, there is a real sense purpose here)- Overall (I cannot recommend it enough, it's got amazing graphics, cool upgrades and really beautiful sights/locations to explore, the sense of satisfaction you get after wrecking enemy ships alone is worth the money)Cons:- None"
76561198004291907,Recommended,242050,8069479,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,sinned angel,Best game from one of the best game series.
76561198060683747,Recommended,242050,13638515,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Biggie Rection,"10/10 Recommend. Story was interesting, although some of the missions might have been a bit repetative. I've put in close to 70 hours in this game and i think my completion is only around 70%. There's a lot of side activities to indulge in that will keep you occupied. I often found myself ignoring main quests just because of the side activities (Naval contracts, Assassination contracts, etc.) 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,242050,9196176,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,havok,Best game I've ever played..... ever.
76561198261160102,Recommended,242050,22045799,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Annyeong,nice
,Recommended,242050,8563027,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Natchyocheeze,"MUST HAVE! 10/10 The storyline is fantastic, you get very attached with the characters and the events that unfold, The game is very detailed in every way and looks fabulous. If your a person who likes to 100% games this is the game for you. The campaign along with the things you do roughly add to only 50-60 percent of the game and the other percent is leveling up your character and your navy, collecting all the animus fragments, chest and hidden treasures, The game overall is a must have, the ammount of things to do are endless. Simply Amazing"
,Recommended,242050,13483040,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Wildthorne,"Great game and pretty much Ubisoft incapacitate themselves with this idiotic Uplay. Also the game is last great game of the series so far, Unity is a complete disaster. Some worrying facts are in the Blackflag like lack of difficulty, repeated missions and of course Uplay. I give recommended this game, but give F to Ubisoft."
76561198053730807,Recommended,242050,24300577,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Vaas,great game :D
,Recommended,242050,12207725,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Vandy,"Your crew cheers when you return to your ship, sing sea shanties as you sail and watch tentatively as you hop onto an island for the odd assassination. Assassin’s Creed at its most joyful and adventurous."
,Recommended,242050,13169874,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CloudInDaPants,"Личноя не очень люблю серию Assassin's Creed, но эта игра мне понравилась из-за темы пиратства.Так что, все кто жаждет пиратской романтики смело покупайте игру, романтики там завались."
,Recommended,242050,7787670,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,amir115,This is the best game I've ever played!!! So much activities in one game!! I'm highly recommend it.
76561198034269313,Recommended,242050,17970694,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,TimberWolf,"I LOVED this game, It was so well done. Great graphics trouble free, 1-5 stars I would rate this at 5"
,Recommended,242050,21234157,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,myrontaslov,"How to get this game up and running right the first time:The game's great. You don't need me to tell you that. You can see for yourself all the negative reviews are b/c people can't get it running on Uplay. I'm here to tell you how to fix that.1. Go touplay.com, make an account, and download the latest version of Uplay. Open it and log in2. Download Assassin's Creed 4 from Steam.3. Make sure you have Uplay open and logged in, then launch AC4.4. Steam will give you your Uplay Keys. Copy it to clipboard.5. Uplay will ask you for your code. Paste it in.6. Play the game. If you wish to play offline, under the Uplay Menu, click on ""Go offline.""7. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,242050,21275872,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Synthoras,"even after playing over 100 hours and having played every assassin's creed game out there, this remains my absolute favorite. i will keep coming back to this periodically. let's hope the year long hiatus ubisoft planned for the franchise will see them come up with another gem like this."
,Recommended,242050,13457062,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Mako,Its good to make some times to chance a story becuse Ezio cant live forever!
76561198002053619,Recommended,242050,9293162,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Klavs,"Ubisoft have proved that they could make a best carribean pirate game in the history. Yet they have decided not to do that.Great cinematics, good story, some incredibly immersive details. But there are some mechanics in this game that might make You hate Ubisoft for ruining Your pleasure. The trading mechanic is just a dumb minigame. Crafting also is just a minigame for the marketing department to claim that there is one. Upgrades are dumb and linear.I would also like to challange the developers at Ubisoft to show me at least one brig in the world that had a ram installed.I wish, a russian developer team NMG in 1995 had this engine when they made their game ""Sea Legends"".I recommend this game only because the sailing part is really good and makes this game worth the price."
76561198117470985,Recommended,242050,9879203,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Hyper's Son,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,242050,8255180,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ron Burgundy,This game is just pure amazing trust me...
76561198164634587,Recommended,242050,13631140,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,pineappplejack,good story and graphics are great.  the controls kinda suck though.
76561198083849828,Recommended,242050,15140428,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,kierandalton,"Such a great game! I loved every minute of it, even the sad bits. It will make you laugh, love and cry and still play on. Best AC ever in my opinion!"
,Recommended,242050,16739061,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,JL,Best pirate game ever. Amazing story development and gameplay. Played it through fully twice and that ending still gets me every time. My favourite Assassin's Creed game in the series so far. Just an emotional and wild ride of a man's life who had gained and lost too much.10/10
76561198004673846,Recommended,242050,7898740,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,knightfire will return nextmonth,"OK so this game starts you off in some good action, then you kinda have to wait a while for alot of the stuff to unlock later, but its totally worth it.  I would also recommend downloading there app for smart phones, or tablet.  You'll see why when you do!  Its not just an extention of the game, its part of the game...I was trying to wait for this game to go on sale, with the way money is so tight, but I would call it best game of the Year hands down, specially finding out and using the app when im playing the game, and have my tablet next to me, telling my fleet to clear a trading route, and make me some Money!   This game is worth it!  Part of me wants a game , or mode i can just sail the open waters, and do all that this game does at sea, but then it does that and more, and I just dont go to shore... lol.."
76561197990960064,Recommended,242050,8695989,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,DanOramA,"If you like the previous franchise then this game is a must! Much longer main story with other various fun things to do, you will play this game for 20+ hours (I cleared the game now at 32h ish)"
76561198101577462,Recommended,242050,16749839,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Unruly,Yar Har a Pirate if Free!
,Recommended,242050,13782663,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Scotsman,"Definitely recommend this game. Good graphics, beautiful environment, long gameplay. Another positive is well done story."
76561198066556195,Recommended,242050,15649910,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Nofuture,One of the best Assassin's Creed.
76561198022420257,Recommended,242050,16738316,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Bartkratz,Great AC game that makes you want to explore the seas. The ship battles are very much fun and save the game from getting boring at times and you are not leaving the animus every 20 minutes to be forced to absolve those boring desmond or whatever quests playing todays assassin or templar.
76561198008988755,Recommended,242050,16475415,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,<THC> Safiras,"I just love the added possibilities to discover the graphically beautiful looking islands with your own upgradeable ship!As I have played the previous Assassins Creed Games before, i liked this one very much!"
76561198115697269,Recommended,242050,9752678,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Semimujko07,Great Game
,Recommended,242050,16545512,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Giantdad,"Quite possibly the best AC game to date, rivaling even the beloved Assassin's Creed 2.  Black Flag takes all of the elements of past games that you love from the stealth and parkour to the battles and story improves them, then adds to them.  The combat system no longer feels like counter after counter and now flows with secondary items fitting into the mix very well.The game also stays fresh by adding a fun, and exciting new element through sailing and ship battles.  Rather than becoming a tedious nuisence like one might expect, fighting on ships and upgrading one's vessel is fun and rewarding, allowing you to take on truly fearsome opponents and capture enemy ships for your own use.Some long time fans of the series critize this game for not being a true Assassins game as for much of the game the protaganist is not truly an assassin.  In my opinion however the game does something far more interesting than tell the story or an assassin.  It tells the story of someone who becomes one.  You learn his motives and watch as he adopts the creed because he believes in it, not because he was born into it.  Something I find to be more compelling.The only downside to this game are the parts that take place in modern day.  You play a voiceless protaganist working in Abstergo and hacking computers to learn more about the world.  All in all it's very boring and adds nothing to the game itself let alone the overarching plot.  Still it's owrth playing and is definitely a better buy than Unity or Rogue."
76561198068507938,Recommended,242050,12768154,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Hexas,"This game is incredible! Even if you dont like AC you could like this game just for its ship battles and upgrades, if not for whale hunting! 0.0 This game is awsomely diverse, incorprating the usual AC but better as well as , hunting, crafting and being a pirate.I strongly recommend this game to anyone who likes action."
,Recommended,242050,12797068,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,r00k,This was such an amazing treat after the disappointment that was AC3. The gameplay and fun factor was a return to AC2 or Brotherhood. I think I'll have sea shanties in my head for a month.
,Recommended,242050,12813944,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,JDoleman,"A good sequal to the Assassins Creed series, it takes naval missions from AC III and expands on it as a plus. Some plot moments were unpredictable-another plus."
,Recommended,242050,12828149,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Karling,"Very good game. Though it is more of a sailing game than anything else, not many 'land' missions, but overall, a very good way to waste time.9/10."
76561198050537674,Recommended,242050,12839555,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,dbowen,One of my favorite games and IMO the best AC game.  The ship battles made it for me andf I will skip Unity as they were not included.  Play this game.
,Recommended,242050,12855754,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,DiabeticTurtle,dosent save makes me mad
76561198062497718,Recommended,242050,12871242,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,gethlord47,black flag captured my heart with ships and piracy. i must apart from the lag that pops up every so often i would say this game gets a 9/10 because they needed to add town raids to the game.
76561198060171598,Recommended,242050,12879116,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,XTerminator,It was really funny to play.I think this was one of the best AC ı have played.
,Recommended,242050,12879398,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Headhunter,"Like it alot, looks great , runs great , all in all a  very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,242050,12883817,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Crazyeyes,"This is by far the best Assasins Creed game in the series so far IMO. I originally played the first one, and just couldn't get into it, but this one has a great story, and it's even partially historically accurate. I also like the fact that I can max out the graphics settings (looks great!). This is a classic, if you want a really good pirate simulator, then get this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,242050,12895006,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,zackattck29,one of the best if not THE best AC so far! A ton to do and such beautiful scenery! Enjoy!!
,Recommended,242050,12906946,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,HumYai,great gameplay and storyline.
,Recommended,242050,12907490,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,srgntpepper,"Awesome game, wish they had more expansions for it though..."
,Recommended,242050,12939695,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,krijg de tering,"Nice game, But it is missing some oldschool playstyle from the other ac's.STILL a very good game cause now you can do more things then ever and this was not in any assassins creed yet"
76561198048333835,Recommended,242050,12943668,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,!K3V0N!,"Truly amazing experience, I would say the best version in the franchise to date. Great mix of superb graphics, gameplay, and story. Defeinite must have."
76561198088374280,Recommended,242050,13019120,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Xero113,One of the best Assassin's Creed game I ever played!
,Recommended,242050,13034315,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Mottai,"First Assassin's creed game i've played. Was pulled in from the very beginning, very enjoyable game. Fun character, fun story, and fun side missions."
,Recommended,242050,13044775,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Captain Magma,"Amazing game, r8 8/8 m8, definitely appreci8, don't h8.Well I actually haven't played it yet. You see, I suffer from a rare medical condition called ""having a Macbook"". It's very expensive to treat, as most medicine is incompatible (no matter how much Wine I wash it down with). Other side effects include being allergic to windows, and inability to run sometimes.But if you can run it, definitely get this game. Especially now that Ubisoft done ♥♥♥♥ed up with Unity, I expect a lot of people to be buying Black Flag (although I don't know what kind of retard withholds buying a game to wait for a sequel when it's a story-driven series, but that seems to be happening). And with Unity being the last Assassin's Creed game*, if they end up not fixing the bugs, Black Flag could be all we have.*until Ubisoft listens to the advice of 10 year old me and releases Lego Assassin's Creed"
76561198119098959,Recommended,242050,13047752,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Tomly,"Assassin's Creed game? No. Sure it is pretty good for AC, but it just doesn't feel like an assassin game.Good game? HELL YEAH! The naval battles are awesome! The open world is astonishing, and the ocean is bloody beautiful! Highly recommend! You will NOT REGRET IT!"
76561198064162008,Recommended,242050,13048183,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Electronite,Best Naval Simulator out there right now.
,Recommended,242050,9911954,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Vel,"Reasons to buy the game : Great graphics, Fun storyline, Lots of pirates!Reasons not to buy the game: Dislike the AC franchise, lack enjoyment of a character performing parkour, hate pirates or get seasick easily.My recommendation is to get the game, simple as that. score 9/10"
76561198090608504,Recommended,242050,8127247,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,VvultasS,AWESOME! GAME
,Recommended,242050,9639531,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,BAZ,A great pirate game. but seems to have lost the meaning of assassin. nonetheless. recomended
,Recommended,242050,9793379,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Raizell,Got to love pirates and assassins all mixed into one.
,Recommended,242050,9070514,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,JGray77,"do what you want cause a pirate is free, you are a pirate....YAR HAR FIDDLE TEE DEE BEING A PIRATE IS ALRIGHT TO BE, DO WHAT YOU WANT CAUSE A PIRATE IS FREE, YOU ARE A PIRATE!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198101086798,Recommended,242050,10768858,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,shadowman1127,Absolutly amazing game! The graphics and storyline are brilliant! I love the naval features!
,Recommended,242050,10847989,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Skully,Extremely fun and open-ended. I'm glad that they improved on sailing and travel throughout the game world compared to AC3.
,Recommended,242050,10852376,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Polish Potato,"This game, this game, this game. To put it shortly I LOVE this game. Many others do too. If you like pirates, DEFINATELY pick this up, if you like Assassin's Creed, pick this up, if you like open world games, PICK THIS UP. There is SO MUCH stuff to do! And, its fun too. The naval battles are amazing, combat's good, the freerunning's great, and the graphics are really great too. Also the sea shanties. I don't know why you would EVER want to turn them off, but they are great. It makes sailing really fun. The story is really good too. And Edward is probably one of the funniest, wittiest assassins ever. The music is great as well.That's just the singleplayer.The multiplayer will leave you playing for hours, its really fun.Overall, if you buy this game, you will get MANY hours of enjoyment out of it. Have fun on the open seas!"
,Recommended,242050,9685738,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Thor Buttockth,"A welcome return to form for the series, after the disappointment of III and Revelations. Edward has charisma, there's the best double assassination animation I've ever seen, and Freedom Cry has to be one of the best DLCs in recent memory."
76561198052340765,Recommended,242050,10953076,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,shadowkitty12002,"In a very nice break from the previous titles of series, you are playing as a pirate whose only drive is acquiring wealth. This game is so much more fun if you ignore the main storyline (never thought I would write that) and just plunder your way through the map. 10/10 will become a pirate now."
,Recommended,242050,11045072,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Shadow,"Once again a great accomplishment from Ubisoft. The story folds out great and you get carried by it to the point that when you actually finish the game you do not reliase it until the credits start to role. Ship controls are smooth during combat and the modern day story plays out nice however the reason why Abstergo Entertainment were employing/hosting S and R just proves my theory that they were Abstergo agents from the get-go.The art within Abstergo Entertainment was amazing; especially the entry lobby. The art within the animus was amazing too. There were very minor glitches in graphics, physics and positioning but it was so minor you most likely will not notice it and it does not happen during the main mission neither.Oh and good luck with those legendary ships, try to keep your rage down :)ShadowThe Shadow Network (ShadowNET)"
76561198080431663,Recommended,242050,8504008,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,msoldier,"Huge map, naval combat, beautiful landscapes, thrilling Assassin's Creed story. Best game in AC franchise till now. I was dissapointed with ACIII, but Black Flag got me back. Recommended to everyone!"
76561198021840284,Recommended,242050,11208957,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Retromach,"Surprisingly, the best game in the series. The plot is interesting, but more importantly the team has managed to make every activity fun. The overworld map is very useful for hunting down collectibles, and the rewards for completionism are (although unnecessary) well worthwile.It gives me great hope for Liberation after being very disappointed with AC3."
76561198076208130,Recommended,242050,11216927,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,rehovsky324,"Excellent Game really glad I caught it durring the Summer sale, it brings the great elements of the Assassins Creed franchise into the world of Pirates in the 18th Century, and with the intigration of ship to ship combat and boarding this game takes the title of the best Assassins Creed yet"
,Recommended,242050,11326019,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,PhattyStack,"Love this game, if you like the pirates of the caribbean movies this is perfect to get the feel of plundering a ship and salvaging a ship you just plundered to repair your ship or keep it for your fleet to help you do missions and earn gold and others stuff to help you threw out the game.  If you hated the other creeds but always dreamed of a good pirate game this one defiantly works :D hope you enjoy like I have"
,Recommended,242050,11158299,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,{[DG]}-Barry McKokinner™,"Possibly my favorite of the AC series. Initially, the amount of things to do is rather time consuming and at times, overwhelming, but personally I found the game to be rather enjoyable. Visually striking and an in depth story really made the hours pass by. Whether it was sailing the seas for ships to plunder, or completing missions for the pistol swords, Mayan Armor, and Templar Keys, there was never a boring moment. Cant wait to see what Ubi has in store with AC: Unity"
,Recommended,242050,12107488,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,[AUSEZ] BUNDY,Epic.  That is all.
,Recommended,242050,12294717,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Lon 'Qu the Betta,"I've played the AC games since the first one appeared on XBox and I must say, this is probably the best Animus endings in the whole series. It actually gives you closure to this man's life. I gave up on events outside the Animus because it's obvious that UbiSoft won't get anywhere with the main story anytime soon. So I try to enjoy the ride whenever a good one comes along. I had so much fun with this game that this is the only game I put in the effort to finish all the side stuff. I do agree with what someone else posted before, that it shouldn't be called Assassin's Creed. It was just a really really really good pirate game. After I beat it I felt so damn tired but; the effort you put into doing the side activities was well worth it. The templar outfit to be more resistant to attacks, the Mayan outfit to repel all bullets, and a fully upgraded boat to take on all the legendary ships; these were well worth the time and sleep I lost fully completely this game. Well done Ubisoft for making a pirate game enjoyable. Probably should have named it Pirates of Nightmare instead of Assassin's Creed though. Just like the trailer in the game lelz."
,Recommended,242050,7920696,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Who-E,"I didn’t believe when I heard that this game would be focused on ship battles, something that I hated in Assassin’s Creed III. Luckily, I was wrong. Ubisoft delivered an amazing game, not just by it’s story, but all of it. I always thought that any other game could be better than the second one, but they made it. It’s not just entertaining, it has amazing scenarios and many, many places to explore. Another thing that impressed me was the weather system. I risk saying that it’s the best I’ve ever seen in a game. The only complain I have is about the PC version. It’s graphically amazing, but not well optimized. Nothing compared to ACIII, of course. Anyway, thank you, Ubisoft, for making me believe in Assassin’s Creed again."
76561197970728128,Recommended,242050,13134252,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,#GLOCK-23,IMHO the best AC to DATE !  played perfectly ........
76561198042818513,Recommended,242050,13136143,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,CrumP 7.62,I stayed up for 17 hours playing this d$#@ game so should you :)
76561198043555811,Recommended,242050,13136557,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,XAquaBladeX,"Very fun game, one of the most creative and visual of the AC series!"
,Recommended,242050,13529093,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,kamisama,"If it wasn't locked at 30 fps it would be great, but still fun."
,Recommended,242050,13888096,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,aussy16,"Amazing fun, looks fantastic. I got this game on sale for 10$ but it is probably worth full price. I'm only about 40% in, with 25 hours into the game, which have all been fantastic. Story is great, and I haven't played ACIII but I can follow along easily. The locations all look beautiful and they are actually quite different (compare it to the Skyrim open world where a lot of the places are repetitive). The boating I thought would be an annoyance, but it is actually very enjoyable to board ships and take down forts. The assassin mechanics are still there too. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an adventure game."
76561198123184734,Recommended,242050,10382825,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,UncannY,great fun
,Recommended,242050,13965294,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Soldier †he Wizard,Over 9000/10 IGN would play again 20 times over.
76561198149913295,Recommended,242050,14005054,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,LuckyOtter,"The best Assassin's Creed game since Assassin's Creed 2.This is coming from someone who hates pirates more than democrats hate republicansThis game comes in three parts being a Assassin, being a ship captain, and being a ubi.... I mean Abstergo employee.The Assassin part is similar to the previous games, but it is improved.- Sword fighting feels alot better than previous games, its more Batman-like (Arkham games) and less Counter-kill spam.- Range weapons are powerful, but not over powered.- They finally put stealth mechanics in the game!!!! A game about Assassins!!!! (You can hide in bushes, long grass and are able to move around)- Mission design is really good, and more varied than previous games.- Side missions are amazing too, they range from under-sea diving to whaling to taking over forts.Being a ship captain is the best part of the game.- I enjoyed exploring the high seas more than the storyline, I kept exploring till the point where all that I could was the main storyline.- Your Ship is upgradable and the system is extensive.- Ship combat is great. It consists of shooting cannons at each other and then boarding for some sword fighting to capture the ship. Its really addicting.Being a ubisoft employee is in first person, and you mainly do hacking puzzels in it.- Doing these puzzels unlocks background information, that is really interesting.Multiplayer- haven't touched itOther Stuff- Optimization could be better, but it is a beatiful game.- Best play with a controller IMO, until you have to aim with a pistol.- UPLAY :(Rating: 10/10 -1 for UPLAY => 9/10"
,Recommended,242050,13839480,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Dshq,"The best Assassin's Creed game since Assassin's Creed 2.This is coming from someone who hates pirates.This game comes in three parts being a Assassin, being a ship captain, and being a ubi.... I mean Abstergo employee.The Assassin part is similar to the previous games, but it is improved.- Sword fighting feels alot better than previous games, its more Batman-like (Arkham games) and less Counter-kill spam.- Range weapons are powerful, but not over powered.- They finally put stealth mechanics in the game!!!! A game about Assassins!!!! (You can hide in bushes, long grass and are able to move around)- Mission design is really good, and more varied than previous games.- Side missions are amazing too, they range from under-sea diving to whaling to taking over forts.Being a ship captain is the best part of the game.- I enjoyed exploring the high seas more than the storyline, I kept exploring till the point where all that I could was the main storyline.- Your Ship is upgradable and the system is extensive.- Ship combat is great. It consists of shooting cannons at each other and then boarding for some sword fighting to capture the ship. Its really addicting.Being a ubisoft employee is in first person, and you mainly do hacking puzzels in it.- Doing these puzzels unlocks background information, that is really interesting.Multiplayer- haven't touched it, but maybe interstedOther Stuff- Optimization could be better, but it`s a beatiful game.- UPLAY :((   (it`s uncomfartable programm for me. idk about you. And sometimes she wasnt save my games)Rating: 10/10 -0.5 for UPLAY => 9.5/10"
,Recommended,242050,13642196,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Magic Critical Hits,"The AC franchise seems to be falling after AC2, and I barely managed to complete AC3. But then this came along. It corrects every mistake with AC3, and brings a whole new aspect to the franchise that rejuvenates it. Highly recommended."
76561198054542994,Recommended,242050,7769301,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,ArchonZach,I don't have much to say about the game but I would call it an M rated Legend of Zelda Wind Waker.
,Recommended,242050,10755947,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AccrualBowtie,"I've never liked the AC franchise but this game put the wind in my sails. It's not perfectly optimized but on sale it's quite a booty.10/10 would pillage, plunder, rifle, loot, kidnap, ravage, and not give a hoot again. Drink up me hearties."
,Recommended,242050,13582567,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Nightrader,"I don't really review games that often, if, really any at all.The story was phenomenal, best in the Assassin's Creed series, and one of the best I've honestly seen in a single player game, close up with Deus Ex and a few others.Gameplay was standard AC formula when on land, but with minor, yet crucial differences like the addition of the pistols, and blowdarts.Though, on sea, it was completely different. Imagine AC3's ship combat, but a hundred percent more fluid. Traveling was also a truly immersive experience, the various collectable shanties making the ride just that much more pirate-y.Honestly, my game of the year, even if it came out awhile ago."
,Recommended,242050,7937925,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,RageingManatee,5/5 koska merirosvo
76561198064013926,Recommended,242050,14883503,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,TopHatCobra,"Assassins Creed games have a reputation of being repetative and such. This game breaks away from that reputation taking all the good aspects of the original games along with it. This is a game where you'll enjoy every task you do. There is the occasional track and follow but these too were fun and challenging to me. Ship play is amazing, combat is polished. If you are on the edge of buying this game I recomend you do. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,242050,8344454,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dr. Dandy,"It's really good, like really goood, like oh my god good..."
,Recommended,242050,14660402,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,jztwindyyy,"First Assassin's Creed game I've ever played. Bought it in sale and I gotta say it was worth the money. Awesome storyline, graphics, sea battles. But Uplay is very confusing when you launch it for first time."
,Recommended,242050,14873041,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Frost,"Probably THE best game in the series. Excellent story, naval combat/exploration and great writing/characters will keep you hooked for easily 40-50 hours. 9/10"
,Recommended,242050,14855185,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,PoppinJay,"AC IV: BF is the final amalgamation of the (last-gen) assassin's creed games. All the things that you've come to know and love about the franchise really shine in this installment and the missions with the ships are just spectacular. Some might quibble with the story elements of this game after the conclusion of AC:3, but Ubisoft does a great job creating new story hooks for players to explore. My only qualm with the game at first was the Phone Application style fleet mini game. I really lamented this aspect of game play, I hated the fact that I had to check my game every four hours to optimize my fleets performance (I'm obsessed with such things) and it became tedious. Despite all that the fleet management grew on me and I found myself booting up the game just to hunt the elusive high-level Man-o-war's to be the flagships of my burgeoning fleet. I became so invested in this aspect and made so much in-game currency that I lost the will to play the game... Also Uplay sucks...In conclusion, this game is worth the full price-tag by far, but at this point it goes on sale every other weekend. Grab it and you'll be doing yourself a great favor... cue the obligatory 'You are a Pirate' à la Lazytown"
76561198067067863,Recommended,242050,14903679,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,alhaider22,Amazing game
,Recommended,242050,13556703,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Cronal,"11/10, got that feel i last got playing Assassins Creed II back in 09"
76561198153082847,Recommended,242050,13553920,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,BoggleEdgeLordZane,"I love this game. Its very open world, the story makes you want to play more, and theres a lot of extras and easter eggs over all I love this game."
76561198016805569,Recommended,242050,9222217,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Runkelrueb3,"This was by far the best entry of the whole franchise. The naval component is immensely fun and worth the price alone. If you like AC this one is a must, if you like pirates it is mandatory."
76561198069117525,Recommended,242050,8497322,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DannyGriffo,"Fantastic game, glitchy at times. Flying ships galore. POTC mods pls."
76561197966979201,Recommended,242050,8017489,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Little Foot Brontosaurus,You get to be a pirate and blow sh** up what's not to like?
76561198044430660,Recommended,242050,11799802,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Cyrus,great game.
76561198056555918,Recommended,242050,11853389,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,devkun,Great game if you're looking for a Pirate game.
,Recommended,242050,8859600,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,FlatCap,"The gameplay is awesome, combining improved stealth and combat with Caribbean cities and ship sailing.  It's really the only triple A pirate game, like how Red Dead Redemption is easily the best Wild West game.  The story is much better than its predecessors, having a likeable but dynamic character and humanizing pirates beyond their legendary status.  All around, I'd say to give it a go if you like pirate games or travelling, even if you didn't enjoy the last ones."
76561198062972690,Recommended,242050,9791178,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,TriggerWarning595,You basically just play a♥♥♥♥♥♥the entire game until all his friends die. 10/10
,Recommended,242050,10850222,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Skating_Hobo,"Great game, lots of things to do, good storyline. I you're a fan of the AC series it's a must buy."
,Recommended,242050,10698347,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Supersomething,"Lets start with the Pros:-Fully fleshed out ship warfare.  If you enjoyed the ship battles in AC:III Then you need to get this game.  Seriously... it's great-Huge explorable map.  Relatively soon after the introduction after you get your ship, the world is your oyster.  The further south you go the harder the ships get, so be careful.-COLLECTIONS, COLLECTIONS, COLLECTIONS.  You have Animus fragments, messages in a bottle, treasure maps that you must collect and then lead you to treasure, sea shanties for your crew that they actually sing, and various wildlife for you to exterminate to make yourself look cooler, oh and the Mayans left some stuff laying around.-The atmosphere is absolutely amazing.  The shanties mentioned before are actually sung really well and makes your pirate ship come alive.  Cities feel lifelike and there is plenty to do on the high seas.-Oh yah... this is Assassins Creed.  There are two different types of Assassin style missions.  Pirating assassinations, and the Creed assassinations.  So get out there and kill some people.-If you have a tablet PC you can further enhance your experience by downloading the app that aids you while you're within the game.  This app will load up the full map and you can mark things on the map on your tablet and it will mark it in your game.  It will also track your overall progress, load up your treasure maps instantly if you're on an island that relates to that map, and manage your fleet of ships even if you're off line.  This is one of the first games I have played where  the mobile app for the game actually provides great functionality.  If you do not have a tablet you can load it on your mobile phone as well.-Legendary ships provide a great challenge for the mastery of your vessel in combat.-Without giving too much away the story and its characters are all absolutely fantastic and is on par with AC:II story telling.So the Cons-Get stuck on random stuff sometimes when free running-Weird issue when loading in and seeing your ship in either; A. Massive pit in the ocean.  B. Popping up from the bottom of the ocean.  C. Doing a reverse titanic and unsinking itself.   Its pretty rare that it does this, but its still pretty funny.-Boat variety is a bit lacking.  There is only five classes of ships you will ever see in the game, plus the unique legendary ships.  The Man O' War's can put up a good fight though, especially if they have help.-Similar to Watch_Dogs the PC optimization is quite awful so heres a pro tip:1. Turn off in game Vsync, and set the Physx Particles to Low.2. Turn on Adaptive Vsync through your Nvidia control panel and voila... enjoy your many pirating adventures.Overall the game is quite wonderful and I would rank it up there with ACII in terms of game play."
,Recommended,242050,8525917,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,KurlyWurly,"This game is amazing, AC fan or not. You will love it - unless you hate pirates...but you're weird then."
,Recommended,242050,12489254,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,DeathWalksAmongYou,Make it combatible with windows 8 plz!
,Recommended,242050,9331901,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,WokNation,"I played one mission of this game, for the LOVE OF GOD. When I 100% that ♥♥♥♥ing level, I thought I was higher than cloud 9. ♥♥♥♥ING REAL! You can't just 100% ♥♥♥♥ing Assassin's Creed, but I ♥♥♥♥ing did in less than an hour. Whoever the ♥♥♥♥ replaced Desmond is x10 better because it's in first person, that means that the garphics of his whole body is not♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your graphics card or your cpu, no instead you follow not this hot actress who played Lucy and died (♥♥♥♥ING SPOILERS ♥♥♥♥♥), but you follow this other person who would get a 9, and with me would become a 10.GG Ubisoft.Now let me talk about the actual game, that's not about outside of the Animus.Aaarrrgggh. Expect that? Well that's fine if you did, because I know I would have.This game was announced ""Most Pirated Game 2013"", you know, because of the people who pirate the game...oh... I can tell by the dumbfounded look on your face that you're not getting the joke... *face palm*.No worries, don't worry about it. They're not real pirates with guns and swashbucklers, they're internet thieves I tell you, THIEVES!Pirates mainly say such a gray hat comment for why they do it though, ""We want to try out the merchandise before buying it"", well that's not true, you're 7 hours deep in AC 4 Black Flag, I ♥♥♥♥ing doubt you want to replay through that whole scenario and level up everything. Yeah let's be real, you're going to finish the game and be all, ""Yeah AC4 was good, I 'would have' boughten it.""Now let's get off piracy issues;Lots and lots of  Naval Battling, SADLY NO KRAKEN! >< NOOOOO!!!!!!!!!I was hoping for DLC, well if you want to fight one so bad, just go play ArcheAge the MMO of Pirates.Gameplay is rather fun, 4 guns, it's downright ridiculous! 4 ♥♥♥♥ING GUNS!!!! <3The combat mechanics are a lot smoother and duel weilding blades as well as dual hidden blades as well like the prior games.It's rather odd because in this game you're Edward Kenway, Conner's grandfather >.>so the storyline takes a turn and you're doing crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥like WHALING!!!! :O dat whale oil doe sells for high dope $$$$$$$$ you know?"
,Recommended,242050,19010692,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,MyNameCannotExceed32Characters,Best pirate game to date!
,Recommended,242050,10549698,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Valinur,"Buen juego, era lo que faltaba y el cambio necesario que se buscaba de los AC.El personaje tiene una personalidad totalmente distinta a la de los juegos anteriores, lo cual hace el juego diferente.Ya no eres un asesino, eres un pirta que busca fama y gloria.Buen juego y combate, sobre todo la parte naval, esta mucho mas mejorada respecto al AC3."
,Recommended,242050,7810545,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,F0RCE,"Really lovely open world, brilliant story, and lots to do. You could never feel bored of all there is to do in the world, from useful hunting minigames to naval contracts, there is also a large array of upgrades to Edward (protaganist) and his ship the Jackdaw.The characters in the story really make the game though, and by mid way through the, extencive story I became very attached to the characters, causing the game to have real depth.Hope this review was helpfulF0RCE"
76561198064281995,Recommended,242050,7752830,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,SEXI MEXI,this is my  favorite assassin creed way better than 3 and awesome multiplayer this game is addicticting and hole bunch of stuff to do tired of land get on your boat and take on a man o war really fun recomend getting the game and sail under the black flag
76561198116506608,Recommended,242050,10698464,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,FancyTac0,This game is amazing 'nough said
76561198119274839,Recommended,242050,10625962,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Brolain,Best game ever. You should buy it
,Recommended,242050,10625570,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Majoritey,This is an amazing game and I would highly recommend this!
,Recommended,242050,8167577,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,T_TᴬᴺTᴬLᵁS_T,A W E S O M E !This comment is for this game :D
76561198085943561,Recommended,242050,10733758,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mammoth Daddy,wicked game!
76561198024776977,Recommended,242050,22190818,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Aerawen,"no issues, no crashing..   just make sure you have Uplay installed before installing this game.  make sure you have Uplay running when you have steam running.     great game, but slightly tedious."
,Recommended,242050,22260926,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,xGallifreyanGirlx,It's the game that got me into the series. I loved the story line and I loved the direction that Edward Kenway's character went. Plus the graphics are stunning as well.
76561198065270182,Recommended,242050,13041983,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ุ,"Good good 8/8 m8 gr8 b8, pls no h8 anyway m8"
76561198095246245,Recommended,242050,13049252,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Cruzer64,"You are a pirate. This game is amazing. Buy it now.1,000/10"
,Recommended,242050,13063801,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,JesterHead,"I've played every single AC game since the first, and this one is definitely the best since AC2 (I'm not sure if anything can beat AC2).The world is massive, there are various cities and towns dotted across the map (rather than just a few big ones)...and these cities/towns are still pretty big and cool to run around in. The real eye-candy are the islands that are literally everywhere on the world map. Even the small, miniscule islands are absolutely gorgeous and are worth exploring. The water, the weather, the day/night cycles, everything graphical in this is just amazing to look at.And the main character is finally likable in an AC game again. Connor in AC3 was just annoying to me, so Ezio was the last really likable character in the series. Edward is a bit of an anti-hero, but that's what makes him likable. Not only is the acting done really well, but he has no issues with doing what he pleases for whatever he wants...as you would expect a pirate to be like.So yes, great title and very worth the buy"
76561198054219329,Recommended,242050,13070494,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,delmol,Thank you Edward.It was a pleasure sailing with you!
,Recommended,242050,13073048,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,AssassinDerpy,its a great game but if you are going to get it on pc HAVE A GOOD GRAPHICS CARD if you do then it it worth it
76561198057909786,Recommended,242050,13073407,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Blinkiu,Probably best pirate themed game since The secret of Monkey Island. Just take your ship and get lost exploring and attacking spanish and british ships (who doesn't like that?)Is worth to expend your money on this game? Aye captain!
76561198028872280,Recommended,242050,13075228,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,chapeldraven,"Ewally good game, and this isn't being said from a ""fan boy"" perspective as I really haven't played any of the AC games before this one. The controls seem to be pretty smooth, the story is pretty good, and there is an immense amount of things to do in this game. The only drawbacks that I saw were that at times you were limited with collections due to not being able to access an area, such as the Mayan Stones, Yes, the reward was nice for completing this collection, but I felt a little underwhelmed with it due to not being able to complete it until so late into the game."
76561198038777514,Recommended,242050,13076198,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,c-zealot,What assassins? I thought this was about pirates?
,Recommended,242050,13079654,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Anti33StaR,THE pirate game for all buccaneers out there.
,Recommended,242050,13098659,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,WardenPlight,"What can I say? This is a marvellous game. Pirates! Boarding enemy ships! I think this could be the best Assassin's Creed game in the series.We play as Edward Kenway, a man who wants to see his pockets full of coins and will stop at nothing to acheive that goal. Coming from England, he wants to try his luck as a privateer. Yes... a privateer, of course...One day, an unexpected event changes his life forever. He is now aware that something called The Observatory exists and if he can find it before any other, he'll be the richest man of the seven seas.Where do Templars and Assassins fit in this plot? Well, that you will have to find out for yourself.I'll try to make a list of the things I love about this game.-You are a pirate.-Edward Kenway has a great personality and you'll fall in love with him as soon as the story begins.-Upgrading your ship, the Jackdaw, is a lot of fun.-Battles over the seas.-Boarding enemy ships.-Did I mention you are a pirate?-Hunting whales and sharks.-Nice parkour.-Edward Kenway is brutal when fighting.-Main plot has a good length.-Conquering forts has never been better.-Use the maps you find inside bottles to unearth great treasures.-Side quests, such as Assassination Contracts are really fun to play.-YOU ARE A GODDAMN PIRATE.-First person POV when outside the Animus.-The sea is alive, it's really beautiful.-Sea shanties! How could I forget? GIVE US A SONG, LADS!I really mean it, I think what I loved the most about this game was navigating with my crew, the sun high in the sky, singing Old Billy Riley, Drunken Sailor and Leave her Johnny.This game is worth every cent. You should grab it right now. It's a real gem."
76561198096659530,Recommended,242050,13109792,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,tomek.nowobilski,"I'm a grown man and this game actually made me cry at the ending sequence and song!Black Flag will take you on a roller coaster of emotions. It actually inspired me to go to Caribbeans next years and visit all of the islands you get to see in the game. I was having a lot of trouble in my personal life, job etc. at the time and playing Black Flag actually made me remember how amazing and beautiful this world can be, but you just need to follow your own dreams and be in the right places with the right people!11/10 Best game I have ever played, and I have played a lot of games in the last 20 years!"
,Recommended,242050,13117904,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SwagWizardSupreme,YAR HARR FIDDLEDEE DEE*does a jig*
,Recommended,242050,13126372,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Blizzard,"Great game if you're looking for a pirate-like adventure. Do not think this will be an average Assassin's Creed game. This is a full change and is a complete pirate game. Overall, fine game."
,Recommended,242050,13129066,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,LEWIS053,"this is hands down one of the best games i have ever played, mesmorised by the graphics i found the open world had very little littmits to what i could do, this game is full of suprises, but instead of going into the best bit will first strart out with the negatives just to get them out of the way, i noticed a few bugs in the game like the jackjaw (the main ship in the game) to be rising out of the ocean, but i couldn't really say this was a neggative because it looked balls deep in  the awesome factor, so forth i found that the free running wouldn't be as accurate as i hoped it would be and i often found edward repelling off objects which was slightly annoying as well as the Animus scenes taking me away from the fun in the story line and i found that the pc version had a graphics fault by not having tripple buffering locking the game at 30fps, but this was an easy fix if anyone else has this issue i would seek advise on you tube. With this out of the way i can now explain why this is a difinate recommendation, again the graphics are amazing the huge open world looks beautiully expansive stretching right through the Caribbean and is unlike anything i have seen in games yet, the graphics on the waves are uniquely lifelike, as for the combat the fighting looks almost corriagraphed with flowing combos. i again now go to the possibilities of the open world, i found myself lost in all the side quests as they were so fun and adverturous, by taking fortresses, exploring islands and hunting for treasure, overall this is a fantastic game and i would recomend it anyone"
,Recommended,242050,13129509,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Practice,Amazing!
,Recommended,242050,13130010,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Friar Alebus,Amazeballs
76561197961330294,Recommended,242050,13130873,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,DrCraniax,"Exactly the kind of new life that was needed. New, more colorful territory; a great character and a cool story. Probably my favourite AC game."
76561198018697986,Recommended,242050,13132218,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ϯ-=(LW)=- « Côbrä »Ϯ,Really darn Fun! some idiot had a negative review for this reason                                                                                                    Great game. Easily the best of the AC series so far imo. My problem is that I WOULDN'T be able to recommend this to ANYONE on PC. Consoles... fine... it's obviously just a port anyway but my game is unplayable for months at a time. I'll be able to play it for a few hours one day and then it crashes on start up the day after and won't work again until it randomly decides to. Have contacted Ubisoft but they've been useless at trying to figure something out.I know a LOT of other people have had this issue too.I'm very angry as I've wasted £40 on a game I can only play once in a blue moon when it's on a 'good day'.Some people are idiots with reviews and i wanna tell him this is the only way i can IDIOT IF YOU GOT A CRAPPY MAC YES! IT SUCKS FOR CONSOLES COMPARED TO PC!..... That is all..
,Recommended,242050,8381005,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,freshmang0,"i flippin love this gameassassins creed 1 i enjoyed, i like the setting and the story (even tho it was a bit DUM). AC2 was probs the best game of the series even tho the setting was better in in 1 imoAC3... absolutely dreadful, terrible game, convoluted story, poor pacing TERRIBLEEEEEEE.. awful main character. only redeeming feature? the ship battles..... which brings us to ac4... they took the best bit of AC3, the ship battles and made a pirate game. its well good, sailing and naval battles are amazing.. you go from firing cannons at a frigate to boarding it and jumping onto their deck and slaying the crewFLIPPIN AMAZIN"
,Recommended,242050,9690900,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Stallin' Alive,"It's a pretty good game, but would be better if it was called Pirates of the Caribbean."
,Recommended,242050,7714057,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Kilo,Best AC in the series.  Makes up for the mess that was ACIII.
76561198006892507,Recommended,242050,11683771,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Trinity Of One,One of my top ten games ever played... hands down. I mean who wouldn't love a game where you can cruise the high seas plundering and pillaging all the while listening to yer  crew belting out hearty shanty songs as the salt sprays yer face yarrrghhhh!!!!!
76561198075565561,Recommended,242050,11134608,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Gypsy Thunder,"Easily one of the best games I've played recently.Graphically beautiful, the textures are high enough resolution that they don't look like a bleary mess when objects are near the camera, godrays are exaggerated enough to be atmospheric but not enough to be intrusive on gameplay, lighting and shadow in general are beautiful and the water is gorgeous despite a few trifles, particularly when you're out at sea and all of these factors combine, the sun shining through your sails and refracting through the waves. TXAA does its job correctly as well. I've rarely seen a game that looks this nice unmodded, though it obviously doesn't stack up to the likes of, say, Crysis 3.While the freerunning is a bit sloppy as in past titles, it's easily manageable, and the handful of forced stealth missions in the game are compensated for by a fair share of naval combat missions.Most of the time I've spent on the game has been sailing, capturing ships, sieging forts, whaling, hunting and collecting the various collectibles strewn around the Caribbean, and it's these things that I've enjoyed the most about the game. I would say the games' strongest points are its appearance and theming, and most of the aforementioned activities build into the latter, setting a distinctly swashbuckling mood.Against the game are a cheesy plot and a reliance on quick time events for encounters with predatory wildlife, particularly sharks which are moderately difficult to avoid and cannot be dealt with in any other way. These aren't big concerns for me. The game also has a definite point where there isn't much left to do, the story is completed, everything there is to be collected is had and you've seen every bit of the world and conquered every enemy, but that isn't a complaint so much as what's there, which has been over 175 hours' worth in my case, being good enough that I want more."
,Recommended,242050,8589669,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Pencciano,Has Pirates and I can pet animals 10/10
76561198050765234,Recommended,242050,11074529,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Why Todd? Why?,"Somehow teleported my ship and crew above the skybox, 10/10 would break game again"
76561197965023850,Recommended,242050,20916862,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Meester,"This is the first Assassins Creed game i've played and what an awesome experience, it's been a long time since i've felt so immersed in a game.There's so much to do and see, you take the game at your own pace, even sing a few sea shanties :-)I feel like a big kid now (some would say I've always been one), although who could honestly say they wouldn't enjoy being a Pirate.My only criticism would be...where's my parrot? lol."
76561197977607155,Not Recommended,242050,18088332,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Dr0z101,"You shouldn't buy this game. or any game with UPLAY. a legitamite game and haven't been able to play for the last couple days because of uplay. tried to install update to no avail. long story short, UPLAY can suck a D**K"
,Recommended,242050,21265426,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,LaMachiavelli,"Detailed world, full of locations, secrets and treasures to be discovered. Beautiful islands, a tropical continent where you can roam around for hours. Great story, great gameplay.Would recommend!"
76561198057005467,Recommended,242050,21283552,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Ethan Bradberry,"9/10.Really enjoyed this game, while retaining all the Assassin’s Creed gameplay elements, Black Flag's main selling point is no doubt the sea battles and free sailing.Good character and ship customisation brings a lot of fun to the game and motivates plays to go out and collect treasures and blueprints on remote islands. Although in my opinion the customisations were limited.Combat system is great, many approaches a player can use when it comes to land combat. Whilst at sea combat tent to get repetitive after reaching higher levels.The forts/cities are designed amazingly, lots of things to do and discover. NPC dialogues were well made and the campaign was well presented."
76561198130667128,Recommended,242050,10391940,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,f57,это очень крутая и интересная игра про пирата-ассасина очень крутая
,Not Recommended,242050,9300786,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,DragonSlayer,"Lets be clear here, this game is a techincal mess and is the the only reason I cannot recommend this game to anyone.You see it crashes.... alot. You must be prepared to accept this as it is a huge widespread issue (just Google it) but basically you'll either CTD or your PC will hard freeze requiring a reboot.You'll also have to be prepared to go out yourself seeking ways to limit how often this occures via forums, as Ubisoft has given the finger to us PC gamers regarding this.However.....If you can get it to work, it is a brilliant game - the graphics are some of the best I've seen yet, the story so far (45% completed) is thrilling and has me hooked, only thing I dont like is how Edward loves to climb over everything - can become very frustrating. But its a small forgivable gripe.I can easily foresee myself loosing hundreds of hours in this game (that is if the game lets me and does not eat my save, yeah you should look out for that as well)The world is beautiful, expansive and alive. There is so much to do, think GTA + Pirates = AC4.You see its a great game but you are running the risk of not being able to play it at all, or at the very least crashing atleast once everytime you play.I've heard many people are also having major FPS issues as well and they have Beast or Monster pc's - although many dont give details so I cannot say if this is just an issue with their PC's or just lazy programming by Ubisoft.I'm running on a I7 3770k @ 4.2ghz, Dual 590GTX's, 650GTX for the PPU, 32gb ram & an SSD, have everything on Ultra / Max on 1080p and have to use Vsync to keep my FPS locked to 60 otherwise it tears like mad.+ Great graphics+ Great Story+ Great gameplay+ Great world+ Great sound- Crashes alot, I'm one of the lucky ones that can play the game. There are people who cannot play at all and are still waiting to hear back from Ubisoft's tech team."
,Recommended,242050,30685337,Posted: 23 March,all,SkaarjSlayer,"Probably one of the best Assassin's Creed games. The story is good, free-roaming the high seas and pirating is fun, and I have a special like for the shanties that add atmosphere to sailing in the game."
76561198125711222,Recommended,242050,21111802,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,MBF,"Assassins Creed IV is a beautiful games with flaws.Pros:Graphic on High/ Ultra are stunning for an open world gameCombat is fun (Espcially if you love the Arkham Franchise like myself)Ship combat is easy to get a grip of yet hard to masterCons:Buggy (I have picture of my boat glitching under water)They still have those AC missions that you wish you could skip like the tailing missionsThe characters are pretty dull apart from EdwardVerdit - 7/10Want to see a WW2 AC, if not i personally think that i will just stick to the ones with Ezio in."
,Recommended,242050,21397556,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,BlueSal,"It is common knowledge that after Revelations, the franchise sort of went down hill. However, Black Flag may be the exception as it offers a completely unique perspective of pirating. This game is absolutely amazing, sailing the crystal clear waters of the Carribean and plundering English and Spanish ships. Upgrade the Jackdaw to take down bigger ships with better loot. I must admit though, I purely enjoy this game for the gameplay. As a seperate game from the Assassins Creed franchise I might have rated it higher, but as it is an AC game I must admit, in terms of story it was judt lacking compared to the Ezio/altair story and there is far more emphasis on pirating around than being an assassin saving the world. As I said though, the gameplay is great and you are guaranteed to have a lot of fun (and a lot of retrys on the Legendary ships).I would recommend this game but not for those who want the story and architectural richness of other assassins creed games but as a pirates of the Carribean type game.7/10"
,Recommended,242050,21434917,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,FordGT90Concept,"TL;DR: it is still a good game but the combat is a downgrade and I don't care for these social aspects at all.  I recommend it but don't expect it to top AC2, ACB, nor ACR.  Combat is important to this series and it just isn't satisfying like those previous iterations of the series.The free run/combat mechanics are disappointing...-Trying to free run up a rock that is no more than one step...Kenway acts like it is a wall.-Trying to free run up the side of a building...Kenway can't find the obvious foot/arm holds without adjusting one way or the other a tiny bit.-In some places trying to jump from corner to corner of a building, Kenway deems that inch-worth of a crack is insurmountable.-When you break defense, the game should assume the next attack is going to be directed at that guard.  Nope, 90% of the time, it will target someone else near by.  This makes brutes annoying to take down.-Perspective, in combat, is too close to Kenway.  It's way to easy to get attacked from the blind spot.  I recall the previous games panning the perspective out in combat to give better awareness.-It seems to like to ignore the counter button in heavy combat.-Combat on ships is atrocious not only because of the above points but also because the AI pirates interrupt your attacks and screw up targetting priorities.  I can slay all of the hostiles on a Man of War but the moment the pirates start coming over, it goes from fun to not.  EDIT: I discovered the reason for this is that allies keep attacking me which loses the combo.  On the average ship, I get attacked by their swords & pistols.  I don't even...-On the last ship I tried to take, the game didn't register the counter command half a dozen times in a row.  I died.  Not in this instance but in others, I have noticed enemies attack without the red ! appearing above them.  Both of these bugs occur randomly.A lot of these problems were introduced in Assassin's Creed III.  The way I see it, AC2 lacked training wheels with free move and combat; AC3 added training wheels and the AI playing a more prominent combat role in AC4 exacerbated the existing flaws in AC3.Another fatal flaw in this game is the ""social"" events, especially chests because of their miniscule detection range.  You can play the entire game without ever finding one; what's more, to 100% the game, you need to find 3 chests, 3 whales, and 3 convoys.  This feature was probably pretty awesome back when the game debuted and lots of people were playing it.  Now it is a chore because no one is playing the game to find these things for you, internet threads pointing to them have died down, and they're all time sensitive so if you search for them yourself, you only have a 2 hour window (give or take) before you might as well start all over searching.The final flaw that is SUPER annoying is the scripted, force-look.  99% of the time, I don't want to look at whatever they're forcing me to look at.  They already have the option to manually look at something, they should use it in all instances."
76561198091864962,Recommended,242050,12467567,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Doge_Butt,"Well, first of all, it's a good game, totally worth the money I have spent on it. The best things are probably the great graphics, the vivacious story and the ambience. The game really makes you feel like you are a dangerous pirate feared by many lads that are sealing under both the spanish and the british flag. The game does contain some annoying glitches, but it doesn't really affect the gameplay too badly. The title can be a little bit misleading, because it is more like a pirating game than a assassin's game. I found the missions in the game very nice. There are a few types of side quests, like the good old assassin's contract, and the templar hunt. They aren't too repetitive, they won't get boring. the main missions will always be something new, which is nice. Both the side missions or the main missions are doable if we look at the difficulty.7/10"
,Recommended,242050,30292885,Posted: 3 March,all,The KeT,"One of the best Assassin's creed games, interesting story, and PIRATES. Thinkof the little bit of ship gameplay from Assassin's creed 3, but implemented as a whole game."
76561198011334781,Recommended,242050,13597138,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,NightHawkRambo,This is easily my favorite Assassin's Creed game; it is so fun just going full speed on a ship being a pirate plundering and exploring at the same time.10/10
,Recommended,242050,8013092,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,NovaNoah,"A fabulous step up for the AC series. I do recommend. Stunning visuals for a starter. The game HAS its stutters in framerate though, as the Assassin's Creed series has always had on the PC. The oceans in particular are mind-bendingly realistic during storms, and the weight of the ships you captain can be felt with each turn.Naval battles were spot on. The sweet suspense before yelling ""FIRE!"" is amazing, and the orchestra of guns, near and far sound great.I wasn't particularly impressed with the soundtrack, or the story elements. The series is obviously at a turning point, and Ubisoft Montreal has made an odd change from their previous storylines. I won't spoil anything, but it can be a little overwhelming at first, and a little less satisfying as it goes along.The gameplay is where this game waves its flag. It all just feels like an AC game still despite the technical obstacles of climbing around a moving entity, especially when the moving entity is floating on a turbulent ocean. The lower framerates I experienced on my higher-end computer were a bummer, and probably the only complaint I have, accessability and gameplay-wise. There hasn't been much built on the assassining mechanics, so there isn't much to talk about if you've played AC3.I recommend this game, not as a member of the AC series, but as a game in itself. It's wonderful, even if you think pirates don't belong in the series, you just can't deny it's a fantastic game.This review does not cover Multiplayer. (I haven't got a chance to play it.)"
,Recommended,242050,7771191,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Adam14x,Brilliant game with stunning visuals and a solid storyline.
76561198138244246,Recommended,242050,13805216,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,zidan.241,"The game is simply the best game i have played in all the assassin's creed series, It is flawless and the pirating experience is unique."
76561197960685232,Recommended,242050,13726123,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Aether,"It's my favorite AC title to date. Very open world, lots of side quests, naval warefare (improved on from previous AC title)."
,Recommended,242050,21512064,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Helix,This game is bananas!
,Recommended,242050,7713820,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Bojangles The Bear,"Really fun to play, much to do besides missions fps is good ""besides some parts"""
,Recommended,242050,30719445,Posted: 24 March,all,Cr3at!vity,"Great pirate game not so much as an AC game, 10/10"
,Recommended,242050,21040230,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,IPoopalways321,So bad♥♥♥♥
76561198078085349,Recommended,242050,10559817,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lambo,Best pirate game.
76561198154629069,Recommended,242050,22097648,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,kniff808,"This game is awesome.  Imagine riding the pirates ride at disneyland over and over again, except with much more danger and combat.  Speaking of which, the boat combat is amazing.  It's challenging at first but once you get used to it, it's a lot of fun.  It has the standard assassins creed bugs like running and then your character might decide to run up a wall instead of forward which causes you to lose someone you're running after, but still.  It's a fantastic title and I definitely recommend it to anyone."
76561198194273928,Recommended,242050,14849327,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ricochet,"most of the time I like AC4, but I would really recommend AC Rouge, but buy this one, if you don't have the money"
,Recommended,242050,9905344,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Mr Skrah,"Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag is the usual Assassin's Creed game, with open world exploration, free running, epic combat and a historical setting. This time, however, the setting is 18th century Caribbean and that means pirates. Assassin's Creed and pirates, need I say more? :PWhile the modern arc of the storyline is really weird, I found that the historical arc was very interesting and engaging. Definitely a major improvement over Assassin's Creed III. The combat system is even more advanced that ever, with the usual counter-kills and assassination moves, but now including even more pistol usage and interaction with the world around you. Naval combat, being the main focus of the game, has been revamped and upgraded since the previous title. One thing I did notice was that compared to previous Assassin's Creed games, makng money (in order to buy new weapons, outfits and upgrade your ship and mansion) was a lot more difficult.Black Flag was a really fun game to play and I highly recommend getting it, especially if you're a fan of the Assassin's Creed series. Or pirates. :P"
76561198168659349,Recommended,242050,20146622,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tjoftn,Great game! The last game before they ♥♥♥♥ed up the present day story. I loved the franchise for the present day story and this is the last game with meaningfull story to tell + you are pirate so... there is that. 8/10 for me
,Recommended,242050,20194899,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Saleh Al-Shehri,If UPlay have only this game it will be enough for themthe best assassin game ever
76561197970799897,Recommended,242050,20128481,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Se7en,"Best of the Assasin Creed franchise up to this point (not played the ones after this). It's like Pirate GTA, and killing people all in one!"
,Recommended,242050,20276246,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mashedy,"Hands down the best single player game i've ever played. Great story, amazing graphics... the fights are insane... amazing Ship vs Ship, Ship vs Fort, and melee combat. This is one of the few games i feel i need to get 100% completion on. I've beat it, but i'm not uninstalling coming back for more ship battles for fun.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,242050,20379883,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Nihaya,This is my favorite game
76561198067115476,Recommended,242050,8056980,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Madksen,"Good game, it`s the best game about pirates!"
76561197994830695,Recommended,242050,20391150,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Admiral Doughnuts,"It was a reason to buy one last Assassin's Creed game, now I can never buy a new one and be content."
76561198145401933,Recommended,242050,20391340,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SniperxClanv2,best assassins creed game they have made. great amount of things to do and roaming the huge sea destroying every ship you see is very rewarding. (SLIGHT SPOILER) .upgrading your ship to be-able destroy ledgendary ships is great funexcellent graphics graphics too!9/10
76561198023613918,Recommended,242050,19981010,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Hptm.Sakke,"Did everything, found everything. Everything was worth it.Probably the best assasian creed I have played for now, the story was really good all the way to the end. Diffrent that previos ones but still keepign the AC feel on it.And Pirates vs ninjas?, this got both: Win Win.for 5€? as it is now in sale. YES YES AND ONCE MORE YES!"
,Recommended,242050,20065642,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Corey,"Just when the Assassin Creed formula was getting stale it jolted to life just enough to make one more innovative game. Black Flag is more enjoyable less as an assassination game but more as a swashbuckling pirate adventure. You be spending most of your time on the high sea's upgrading your ship, exploring islands for treasure and attacking British and Spanish ships. Such elements are the hightlight of the game. The game is let down however when it sets in that it is still an Assassins Creed game and you will occasionally be grounded do assassin like things. Still the games characters are colourful and intresting and I was kept intrested in the game for many hours."
,Recommended,242050,18722273,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Nash,"+Best, Entertain, & Recommended Adventure. Also have great features that you never found on another ac series such as more dlc for Single-player & Multi-player-Uplay save sync sometimes got error on maintenanced server+rep rate 9/10"
,Recommended,242050,22084348,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,cRochie,"I recommend this game, but at the same time I don't.1. The game is really badly  optimised, the requirements can be deceiving2. uPlay can be a big painThe problems are not with the gameplay, it's performance and uPlay.If you like Assassins Creed and have a good system, buy this. Otherwise, buy it on console."
76561198288378481,Recommended,242050,22291527,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,King JeezY,great game even i played it without graphics card and only 2 gb ram
,Recommended,242050,12409329,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,♛§oul,Real good game. simple.
,Recommended,242050,22307602,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Rogelio,"This... I don't know what to say... Like... The story line is like any other love story.But the way they execute it, the characters, who are all beautifully designed.And it's just... Everything is unexpected. This is by far the greatest video game I have ever played. Not because of the game mechanics, but the story line and the design. The characters, the accuracy. It's art, and it's beautiful. I don't know what else to say, I'm speechless. I have never been so in love. This game will capture your attention. Thank you Ubisoft."
76561197982872523,Recommended,242050,25398361,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,_sjc_,"Ahh this was a great gaming experience.I love the freedom of this game owning a ship, going where ever adventure leads and then killing everyone. :)My favorite sailing game of all time. Never have I felt that I was actually fighting a storm and battling to keep my ship on course."
,Recommended,242050,20669541,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Satirical Gamer,You need a good PC though.
76561198181715997,Recommended,242050,20313861,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,chronic hunger,this is probably my favorite assassins creed. theres nothing like raiding people and exploring the caribean on a pirate ship. the graphics are great especially if you can run it on ultra and the storyline is pretty interesting.
,Recommended,242050,11021773,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Michael,"The songs your crew sing when your sailing, just wow!, make you feel like a badass pirate.11/10 would be pirate again"
,Recommended,242050,14236617,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Comfortablydumb,"8/10 enjoyable especially if you are a fan of the series, as for me in seemed to get that repetative grind feel after awhile. Don't let that dissuade you though, it is very fun, addicting and completey worth it if you can catch it on a bargin."
,Recommended,242050,15121947,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Zorasht,"If you like the Assassin's Creed mechanics, you’d love it.Also, if you like Pirates, this is probably the best pirates game you can find.The Caribbean map is huge, you have plenty of stuff to do, from assaulting forts to harpoon different fish and mammals to explore underwater wrecks, plus exploring islands, and the most important of it, naval battles, with cannons and boardings, all very well done and very fun to play it.As most of the Assassin’s Creed games, it may get a bit repetitive at the end, but it is still worth it.The main story is not bad, has some good missions and keep you entertain, which is the ultimate point."
,Recommended,242050,13181388,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Vai0s,Awsome Game Best in the assasins creed series i could buy it for 2nd time I had played already 60 hours and im on 65% really nice. I just destroyed my 1st legendary ship. One of my favourite games ever
,Recommended,242050,7962625,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Cybercacoarchubus,"Raise the black flag, lads! ARRRRR!!"
76561197982332867,Recommended,242050,24528139,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,NotlobParrot,Best Assassin's Creed game since Assassin's Creed II.  Tons of fun
,Recommended,242050,20457066,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,6 Meter kuk,good game this is my opinion:Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 10/10Combat System: 8/10Story: 7/10 (I think the story is a bit wierd but it was fun)Recommend: 10/10Overall: 44/50Good game you should buy it!!!!
,Recommended,242050,25079884,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Fotoman,The greatest pirate game ever made!!!Pros:-Great fun prtending to be a pirate-Ship battles are a ton of fun-Beautiful graphicsCons:-The last good Assasins Creed game
,Recommended,242050,25091724,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Jake,"One of my favorite assassins creed games of all time. It's simply amazing how the development team were able to turn these heartless plunderers into honorable warriors that you would want to protect. Black Beard delivering my favorite quote from a video game. ""In a world without gold we would be heros."""
,Recommended,242050,7993534,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Cosmogris,Best pirate game in forever. Buy it.
76561198123363114,Recommended,242050,24823022,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Rychenxkull,be be be besss game !!!!i rate it 13/9Bought the Assassin's Creed Black Flag Digital Deluxe Edition
76561198049946995,Recommended,242050,12883821,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,GINGER BREAD NINJA,"a good all round game, fun for days."
76561198120336146,Recommended,242050,20306454,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,8-Ball,"Awesome game.The naval battles esspecially.Fluid running,cool storyline and a ton of side-missions.At least 50 hours of gameplay and still stuff to do."
76561198100898836,Recommended,242050,19813179,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,it's a disastah!,"This is a first AC game, I choosed it because every one said it is one of the better AC games and they were right. Through my play through i enjoy every aspect of the game, the world presented itself wonderfully for me to explore each of the for corners of the caribbean, doing many of the side missions, getting the collectables and conquering each and every naval forttress. I never found my self with nothing to do or finding something to do. The hunting aspect is not huge but if your like me and likes to improve Edwards abilities you will be hunting a bit to. I was always trying to upgrade the jackdaw to better my chances against the stronger ships and stronger naval fortresses. Do u have to upgrade edward or the jackdaw no, but its not an unplseant task to do, and i found my self enjoying it. On the other hand the story was very pleasing to complete, i haven't played ther other AC so i can't compare, it may not be perfect but its very good and you won't be dissapointed by it i hope.                                                                         ps: hope this helps :)"
,Recommended,242050,7753898,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,❆ | Mike D.,"Amazing game, like a 1700s Grand Theft Auto. You can still have hours of fun without progressing in the story. With flawless ship on ship combat and seemless transitions from ship to land. You really feal like a pirate when playing this game."
,Recommended,242050,20279268,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Stryker,"Imagine assassins creed but with a nice ship battling system that is actually implicated enough to vary gameplay. This breaks up the monotony of the series and is also very fun. The port is solid as are the graphics. Only real complaint is there are a lot of pointless collectibles and the ""real life"" stuff gets annoying. moving around on ships is also kind of weird especially when going from sail-beam to sail-beam (its easy to get caught on stuff)."
,Recommended,242050,8719118,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,cjM,amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,242050,14165318,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Suparockr,"This game was the spawn of an exceptionally positive response from the publishers about the naval combat system present in Assassin's Creed III.  Well, did the full game add enough variety to the formula to differentiate itself from the sub game present in the game prior?  Well, I think so.The story, to avoid any spoiling, is comprised primarily of our main character, Edward Kenway, seeking out wealth and glory to support his wife and himself back at home.  Edward Kenway feels like an actual person, with his decisions emotionally weighing in on him.  This is not to say that there is a decision aspect of the game, because there isn't.The gameplay is split up into 2 sections: On your ship and on your feet.  I will cover the foot section first, as that has the least do discuss:ON FOOT:  Not much has changed since Assassin's Creed III.  The combat system is the exact same, with that in mind.  The stealth elements were enhanced by the introduction of darts.  The darts replace the bow and arrow, and now allow Edward to either knock an enemy out or to drive him mad, attacking everybody around him.  In addition, there is now an alarm placed in some scenarios.  You can destroy the alarm, but if the alarm gets triggered, everybody is coming to you.  Ultimately, this doesn't do enough to change itself substantially since it's game prior.ON SHIP:  Free roaming has been added! With free roaming, the overworld has added in cargo ships, storms, and forts.  The combat itself didn't take many risks.  The only substantial feature added was mortars.  There were also explosive barrels, but I didn't find myself using them.  They also added in ship leveling, which was difficult considering while you could see other ship levels, you couldn't see your own.COLLECTIBLES: ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥I have better things to do than scouring a giant♥♥♥♥♥map for cheat codes like seriously what the ♥♥♥♥ were they thinking with so many ♥♥♥♥ing collectibles like treasure maps and animus fragments and sea shanties and bottles like ♥♥♥♥ing hell this is too ♥♥♥♥ing much.I can recommend Assassin's Creed IV to anybody.  Not just fans of the previous games, but to any gamer looking for a strong story with memorable characters and a fun, if not dry gameplay style.Final Words: ""Shut your gob!"""
,Recommended,242050,8231857,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,LUE is 42,Really good so far. Pretty much AC3.1 like brotherhood and revelations. Still recommend playing it!
,Recommended,242050,7752534,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Brad,The best pirate game ever made.
76561197968027933,Recommended,242050,19563573,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,xabre2th,"old clunky animetion, poor lege detection, numerous bug...the quality of this 3A game is awful...yet I still recommend it..."
76561198095815823,Recommended,242050,19244205,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,StormMaster,"i thought i wouldnt like it, because im not a huge fan of naval combat, but its very well done and easy to get the hang of and surprisingly satisfying, i really wish assassins creed had a crouch button tho, because it just seems weird u cant crouch in a assassination game. oh well at least the rest of the game is pretty polished and fun to play10/10"
,Recommended,242050,8526200,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,AAAAAAAA,Buy the gold edition because Ubisoft=Jews
76561198047858224,Recommended,242050,7960006,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,BenDubs,assassins creed 4 black flag is in my opinion the best assassins creed since the second game and delivers on almost all the promises that ubisoft made but can fall short in certain aspects such as with so many things to clime i have had trouble with enclosed spaces and running up walls in the middle of a fight the story isnt really inspiring though the future day moments are somewhat interesting even if they break the flow and (spoiler) once they kill off most of the interesting characters like black beard the story falters and becomes dull and i wish you could get more weapon variety and things become too easy when you get the blow pipe and can disable a guard within seconds and while it is an open world most of the islands look much bigger than what you can actually access and missions are too structured and to point a to point b the game is beutiful and runs well on a variety of systems but nvidia will offer the highest quality models and textures are beutiful but faces are stilted and arent believable to me all in all assassins creed 4 is just fun and thats a good thing with a wide variety of options but a weak main story 8.5 out of 10
76561198006982182,Recommended,242050,19983871,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Quadratic,"It's the best AC game that I've played so far.Pros:- Does an excellent job of transforming an assasin game into a pirate game. It goes further than Sid Meyer's in terms of what you can do as a pirate.- The ship upgrade system was well done, and had good progression.- The gameplay at sea is completely new to AC, and done very well. It's not like a minigame thrown together.- The map is vast, but not needlessly so. Huge, where everything still feels like it belongs and has a purpose.Cons:- I didn't like the ""real world"" pieces outside of the 18th century that all AC games tend to throw you into. It felt like busy work and the story was not interesting enough to make me want to do any of these things.- The underwater exploration parts of the game felt tedious, and unfortunetly all the major ship upgrades require you to do some of these. The least fun part of the game in my opinion.- I would have liked to see harder ship battles beyond the high-level ""man o' war"" war gallions. The legendary ships were decent, but when you destroy those you're basically the king of the sea, and nothing feels threatening anymore."
,Recommended,242050,9574318,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,TheMarbleDarble,"Black Flag brought back my interests previous Assassin's Creed games could not have me hold onto. Much more to do in this game with less repition, shorta."
,Recommended,242050,9254938,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,SenatorSexy,"It was a night like this forty million years agoI lit a cigarette, picked up a monkey skull to goThe sun was spitting fire, the sky was blue as iceI felt a little tired, so I watched 'Miami Vice'And walked the dinosaur, I walked the dinosaurOpen the door, get on the floorEverybody walk the dinosaurOpen the door, get on the floorEverybody walk the dinosaur"
,Recommended,242050,9261132,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,TehDragon,Great game i've never played before a pirate game for so much time :Dloved it  <3
,Recommended,242050,9063245,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Septim!,مافيه اساسن افضل من اتزيو و الطائر
76561198042454267,Recommended,242050,9097249,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Rinz (Inhuman Rampage),"Yeah, I'd blow Edward."
76561197980231024,Recommended,242050,8523830,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,mOVING_tARGET,fun
,Recommended,242050,8884286,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Shirest,"By far the best AC game to date. AC2 still trumps the best story/main character though. A couple boring missions, but 95% of the game is amazing. Could not put down until I 100%'d the game, something I haven't been able to do since AC: Brotherhood."
,Recommended,242050,7950202,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Dragoon,One of the most suprisingly amazing games I have played in a long time. I am not a big fan of the Assassin's Creed series but it does wonders for this solid game. If you are a fan of the sea you will be buying this perfect pirate adventure game.
76561198075287496,Recommended,242050,8668103,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Induras,"Been playing 99 hours :) If you love pirates and assassins, this is your game."
,Recommended,242050,8654112,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,DonnieOttway,45 hours played 60 percent complete this game has them feels doe a must buy
,Recommended,242050,8571768,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Wheelyjack,"It's like assassin's creed with pirates in it! More boating action than ever before! Now you can play Sid Meier's Pirates with a twist! Remember that really large selection of weaponry you could use to destroy enemies in number 3? Well it's been reduced because you're fine with a sword and hidden blades, right? Well ♥♥♥♥ even that when you get the frenzy darts! Hoped the crafting system would become more deep and rewarding with some interesting creations and bombs? Well how about a game that gives you the bragging right for killing a couple great white sharks for a new wallet... the WHOLE wallet! Remember how Connor didn't really feel like he was an Assassin to begin with? Well we fixed that by completely removing the new MC's interest in getting involved at all beyond the promise of loot! Experience a gigantic new world that is 70% ocean and 15% playable surface! WOW! This game is like Pirates with some Assassins in it! Where is Ubisoft going with this series? Straight to the stables to find a new dead horse to beat."
,Recommended,242050,7953193,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Very Buttery Bread,"Awesome game, love the story, got so many things players could do. Love the story!"
,Recommended,242050,7960203,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,janlothar,"Fantastic addition to the franchise. Side activities are worthwhile, rewarding, and fun. Main story, though wearing a bit thin with all this animus crap, is interesting and engaging."
76561198022186814,Recommended,242050,8347888,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ebrainer1,"This game, my god this game. The missions are varied and perfect difficulty, the free roam is loaded with a dizzying amount of extra time-wasters, and the story is interesting while not interfering with the story. The combat is a bit of a step in a new direction, with many staples like daggers and axes seeing extremely reduced action, but the fun added by pistols and dual swords is undeniable. Painted atop all of the aformentioned is some of the most beautiful video game visuals out there. It's a true next-generation game that improves on the previous title in almost every way.Be warned, though, this means that unless your machine has the processing and graphical chops to run a next-gen title, your game will play like a slideshow. Even the lowest settings killed my 3.2 Ghz i3, 12 gb ram, 512 mb video card computer."
76561198078053454,Recommended,242050,7753194,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,d2000c,its worthy among your collection if you liked 2 and Brotherhood.
,Recommended,242050,7757851,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Carpo,"A certainly step up improvement from AC III (Despite the fact that I myself enjoyed it the way it was). Big fan of the series should not miss, new comers? grab it on sales, 60$ is still rediculous for a game, regardless of how good it is."
,Recommended,242050,7914357,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,crepeau,Best entry in the series so far. The ship combat is great and the cities arent gigantic so there's not too much running around.
76561198025970869,Recommended,242050,9571302,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,dsap,"This game is good game. If you play other assassin creed games and you liked 2 and brotherhood but you thought 3 was not too good because it wasn't, then you might like this game. The first person parts are dumb just like they were in 3. My favorite part of assassins creed 3 was the ship fight stuff and that is here in bookoos. I never thought I would get to type out the word bookoos. I just googled bookoo and its apparently spelled Beaucoup."
76561198023029143,Recommended,242050,9858577,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Ishyfit,awesome
,Recommended,242050,7836532,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,sneg_,If you like games about pirates - this one is for you. I am not a big fan of the series but this is a great Assassin's Creed game!
76561198016194924,Recommended,242050,27374377,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lareon_Wolf,"If you like Assassin's Creed, and you like pirates, this is the game. It took the mediocre sailing portion of 3, and made it something worthwhile that opened the entire game into a huge area to explore, hunt, and search for collectables."
,Recommended,242050,27425544,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Capall,"Absolutely loved it, fantastic story and setting. The atmosphere combined with the music was brilliant. Incredibly astecthically pleasing game. I did not come across any glitches that Ubisoft are known for incorporating and even on my rig at high settings the textures were not great but over all it was thuoroughly enjoyable."
76561198105010584,Recommended,242050,23995579,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,PrinceVinc,"They polished the controls form AC3 alot and with that improved the whole Gameplay by a mile.The Story is good, especially if you look for all the real World hints and Videos.You arrrrr a Pirate most of the time and can sail a Ship :)Solid game. As always wait for a sale."
,Recommended,242050,24201374,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,JohnCalvin,Epic games
76561198271778651,Recommended,242050,24047265,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Keseo,A nice and interesting change from the AC classic franchise.I recommend this ^^.
76561198049478341,Recommended,242050,22178151,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Smarus,10/10 Pirate game.
76561198202202077,Recommended,242050,26095707,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,*Sad Face*,+ Run around as floofy pirate guy+ Guns and swords n ♥♥♥♥+ Ships n ♥♥♥♥+ Can hide in bushes to stare at ladies+ Looks like blonde Keanu Reeves+ OK pirate skills11/10 would be floofy pirate again
76561198119747848,Recommended,242050,26974636,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mc Happy Meal,It's the best pirate game out there
76561198112370783,Recommended,242050,27970222,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,$$_captain.thugwash_$$,amazing game only problem is uplay
76561198071649556,Recommended,242050,29523795,Posted: 27 January,all,H_A,Best AC game!
76561198067830628,Recommended,242050,29314130,Posted: 17 January,all,AlexeiX,"The best AC in my opinion, it has everything from a great game experience to an awesome storyline that will make big boys cry in the end."
,Recommended,242050,27059799,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,thetrueprime,A great game I've had great fun with for many hours. Definitely the best Assassin's Creed.
,Recommended,242050,29261437,Posted: 14 January,all,KingWaffles101,"It's like Assassin's Creed, but with pirates."
76561198022006209,Recommended,242050,27684982,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TutuxD,"Melhor AC que joguei, mas continua sendo repetitivo em tudo que fazem"
,Recommended,242050,27313972,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OSAMA TOUCH,Amazing Game
76561198220539452,Recommended,242050,27269509,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SmartPlayerYT,"This is a really good game, i suggest it to everyone because it has an interesting story, has an amazing graphic and if you grab it on a sale it wont cost more than 10 euros, which is a fairly cheap price for such a great game."
,Recommended,242050,28655037,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hakuma,"Good game, although really poorly ported from console, still suffers framerate issues even when you have twice the horsepower needed as recommended.The main mission is what it's all about, the side missions are too tedious, repetitive and boring.The fighting mechanics could be better, since most of the times you find yourself  just throwing a smoke bomb and assassinate a bunch of people, templars whatever is out for you.Pushing you to upgrade the ship is well done, this way you will be able to conquer Man o' War class ships.It bothered me throughout the game that Edward Kenway isnt a true assassin in a traditional way, he basicallly stole his way in. Also I  don't like his face/jawline so much with his perky blue eyes, the cover art of the game isn't even the face of Kenway lmao, the cover art looks more like Ezio's face from ACII which is more badass.I actually quit playing AC Unity after suffering all the horendous bugs and issues, after trying for 8 hours I just gave up, besides the fact I forgot along the way what the whole purpose of the mission was. It just seemed pointless killing random people and continue with the struggle, therefore I picked up Black Flag which is in any way superior in gameplay, Ubisoft where did you go wrong with Unity.All in all its 3rd on my all favourite AC's (above AC1 and AC2)  , so recommended game for sure!"
,Recommended,242050,29363064,Posted: 19 January,all,KASPER csgogem.com,"game's great fun, single and multiplayer, but pls ubisoft. its been 5 years now and you still didn't get the deathmatch pursuer balance right. im in 4 th place, get no targets but 4 pursuers right up my♥♥♥♥♥ what is this?????"
76561198097794394,Recommended,242050,29565699,Posted: 29 January,all,Achto,I'm not the biggest pirate fan but this is still awesome 9/10.
,Recommended,242050,29018349,Posted: 4 January,all,Ballidor,"Killing, Stealing, Plundering, Pirate Ships.  What more could you ask for?Ship to Ship Combat alone is worth the price of admission.  Great story with a few good twists thrown in!"
76561197977877095,Recommended,242050,28969278,Posted: 3 January,all,Ego regelt!,"*Yarrr* Mateys, welcome on board!Sail with AC on last time before this franchise sinks to the endless depths. As soon as you get the Jackdaw, the game unfolds its true potential. Besides AC I and the AC II trilogy, this is the best game of the franchise."
76561198105776136,Recommended,242050,28974707,Posted: 3 January,all,Spazer,"without a doubt the best pirate game i've ever played it is still assassin's creed on land but at sea it changes into an fun and suspensfull pirate adventure . the characters are memorable and fun,the soundtrack is soooo fitting and good the combat is excellent especially at sea the game can be a little tedious at times for example there are stealth missions that forbidd being spotted wich can be tedious when there are like 858658567568 enemies around you va and vsync is really well donethere are some glitches like the jackdaw apearrantly becoming the flying dutch man and rising from the bottom of the seaport :/ multiplayer while really fun does kinda lack singleplayer coop . however this game is certainly worth the asking price and if you are a fan of pirates you'll love this game .Verdict 10/10"
,Recommended,242050,24011765,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Jorenthar,"Very good game. Nice to be a pirate for a change (yes there are other pirate games I know). Some bugs were noticed but more around towards the end of the game. Like a galleon that is supposed to be ankered hanging on the side up in the air and when fighting on a boarded ship the character starting having fits and almost fell through the ship oh and I cant forget the ""boat rises from the depth"" like the The Flying Dutchman does in the Pirates of the Carribean movies.Alltogether: great :D"
,Recommended,242050,23887790,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DAF24,very good about the story and very bad when i play multiplayer
76561198119324623,Recommended,242050,23673752,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,LUKAS_RAAD,"Amazing game.Story line is awesome,side missions are awesome,Music is great,Edward Kenway is a f*cking badass,Don't read any futher reviews just buy the game"
,Recommended,242050,23777758,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ZHarbinger,"Pros:  Story, graphics, open world, ship combat.Cons: None"
,Recommended,242050,29216760,Posted: 12 January,all,Big Boss,Definitely occupies my Top 3 list of the best Assassin's Creed games to ever exist. However uplay is a peice of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198166557058,Recommended,242050,29110018,Posted: 8 January,all,Todor Popov,One of the great games on steam and one of the best Assassin's Creed games. I can say only positive things about this game.
,Recommended,242050,28082460,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ENERGY cs.money,nice game
,Recommended,242050,28972591,Posted: 3 January,all,QB,"For those not familiar with the franchise of Assassin's Creed, there is a big storyline behind every single game. After purchasing this game, I highly recommend you play the Assassin's Creed 3 and Assassin's Creed Rogue, When you have played all these games the storyline would make more sense. But for this game review, personally I have enjoyed this game, the game can be rather boring at sometimes, but it still motivates you to come back and kill some more templars (Templars are the bad guys) This story goes on about a pirate named Edward Kenway, who adopted the Assassin's life, However this game can be drawn to take you away from the Assassin's life, and play more as a pirate. There are ship battles which are amazing, but they can be frustating as some point. The combat is ok, to a simple counter an opponent's attack them kill them. There is also a multiplayer. The mutiplayer is also very fun, but it can be very hard to find a game, unless you can play with your friends. This game would also need a Uplay account. Overall this game is very fun, and is very unique from any other Assassin's creed game you have ever played, So I recommend this game, because you will not regret, well maybe when you finish the game, you probably will regret it. ;)"
,Recommended,242050,28756982,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,marcotuliogp,"A very good game, has a lot of content for many hours and every kind of gamer."
76561198132501841,Recommended,242050,28941805,Posted: 2 January,all,Yakult,"*SPOILER ALERT*Assassians creed IV...how do i rate this? firstly i would like to say with 2800+ hours on the ps4 version i have expereienced the full game and may i just say the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s i have had in this game is too much. i recently brought this game on steam and it is once again my favourite game already. I've played 10 hours in one sitting so far and have had an absurd amount of fun. Those onion cutting ninjas when blackbeard dies... ive had way too many fun ties with this game for it to not have a special place in my heart would be unlikely of me. This game will definetly go down as one of the greatest releases of all time in my opinion as the sheer vastness of the game is so amazing. Sinking your first legendary ship is one of the best part of the games and the dlc's are just outstanding, i have no negative things to think about this game besides the fact that they tricked us into believing mary read was james kidd which i guess is a part of the story. If i had to recommend anyone of the assassians creed games it would efinetly be black flag as the sheer amount of fun a first time player can have is too good not to be mentioned. everytime i come back to this game i am never dissapointed and reminds me of a time when ubisoft never ceased to fail with game production and i am still wondering how they could go from this glory of a game to the massive cluster♥♥♥♥ that was unity. Overall i would give this game a 10/10 and definetly reccommend this to a person new to the ac saga."
76561198073606145,Recommended,242050,28866267,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,andreyk37,"Awesome game. This was my intro into AC, and its probably the best."
,Recommended,242050,28482480,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,SpartanHunter300,"By far ther best Assassins Creed game in my opinion. If you love pirates, and love assasssins creed with some extra's like BOATS AND SHIP WARFARE!!! then you will love this game. from upgrading your ship to the settlements you create it feels like an RPG honestly and an assassins creed pirate themed RPG? Can't get better than that imo. I can't recomend it enough. One of my favorite games every. Please buy it and i promise you it'll change your life for the better."
,Recommended,242050,22092277,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,camo-m,good game... that is all
,Recommended,242050,24016970,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Burd,Thrilling.
,Recommended,242050,23687232,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Luisfius,"Best pirate game since Sid Meier's Pirates (Newer version).I  normally dislike the  ""collect stupid collectables"" aspect of the♥♥♥♥♥creed games, but this one has one that  I will look for.Sea Shanties.WHAT DO YOU DO WITH A DRUNKEN SAILOR"
,Recommended,242050,27228024,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trophium,You should try this game out if you still haven't.
76561198050714430,Recommended,242050,27869413,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pooley2290,The best Assassins Creed game they ever made.
76561198053482646,Recommended,242050,25079372,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Shankapotamus,"I feel like a lot of AC games start to feel really repetitive after a while.  The sea combat in Black Flag really helps break that up and the pirate theme is pretty awesome.  This may be one of the top 5 pirate games ever made.So if you like AC games but get bored of the same missions over and over or if you just really like pirates, definitely give this game a try.Also check out Black Sails on the Starz channel!"
76561198084161944,Recommended,242050,11346074,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,soulbody,u have money that i want u will die10/10
,Recommended,242050,11398400,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Sirikoone,PIRATES ARE SO COOL this game is actually amazing and just plain fun. Pretty too.
,Recommended,242050,7953881,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Zhou,THIS IS SPARTA!!!!
,Recommended,242050,9886694,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,juanpabloforero,"Un juegazo, muy divertido, variado, interesante, me encantó!!!! Si les gustó dishonored, les va a gustar este, muy muy bueno, de lo mejor que he jugado hace mucho tiempo!!!"
,Recommended,242050,8530436,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Jim.ε,"This  game has been rather interesting and is pretty good at keeping its player occupied.However, unless you've got mad titans running on sli, be prepared to play this game at its lowest settings -- even so, it's v-sync will diminsh your fps, locking it at 30frames while the developers laugh in their pile of money.For those wondering here's what I've got -- not much, but enough to get most games at 60f. z77 sabertooth, 12gb corsair vengeance @ 1600, gtx 670, i7-3770."
76561198035968766,Recommended,242050,12010044,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ENGLIND IS MY CITY,"Yet another amazing Ubisoft game. Ubisoft seem to be making nothing but good games recently and their uncomming game look amazing as well. By far and away the best Assassins Creed game yet would highly reccomend this game 10/10. The Graphics on ultra look absolutely fantastic, the story while not amazing is still very good the gameplay is excellent and for the first time ever an AC game has  comfortable controlls on pc without remapping."
,Recommended,242050,14420080,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Embes,well after finishing the game completely in last summer and starting again felt like i should write something here ^^i'm a huge assassin's creed fan played since the beginning got all the games played everything watched everything and after disappointment of assassin's creed III (imo) this game was like an antidote to forget iti definitely recommend this game and every single one of you ac fans should it's a perfect game between 2 disappointments as acIII and unity not played rogue yet cause i'm a pc gamer (PC RULEZ !!) but i can say i just played acIII and unity for the story nothing morebut this game is more then story it's something beyond a game simply ^^just play it and you'll understand what i'm saying (most likely trying to say)
76561198115517281,Recommended,242050,22031899,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Identify as Attack helicopter,"Propably the best of all the series,Amazing gameplay. Smooth controls and Stunning graphics.No bugs and other wierd this only con would be that should had a little bit longer story. 9.7/10"
,Recommended,242050,22030367,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Juba,So far my favorite of the saga... really good
,Recommended,242050,9338732,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"Definitely one of the best AC games, next to II and Brotherhood. The land missions are very stealth focused, the formerly abominable eavesdropping missions have been polished, and the story is probably one of the best of any of the games. Kenway is the first AC character I've actually cared about. And previously, when the out of animus missions have been a boring, the ones here are nice and short, and simply make you interested."
,Recommended,242050,14875514,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ShXIII,"Assassin’s Creed IV Black Flag (PC): Finished this over the weekend around 48 hours game time. Very good game especially with the expanded ship battles from ACIII. Beautiful game too, the setting was absolutely gorgeous, islands, jungles, under water caves all fantastic. Edward is my least favorite AC character so far, yes I much preferred Connor’s personality and story over Edwards. Ran great on PC with KB/M controls. I did have to use the D3DOverrider fix to get a solid 60FPS with everything maxed. Everyone knows the AC games so there is no need to go into details about gameplay however the lack of daggers really upset me, they have always been my weapons of choice in any AC game and they are completely nonexistent here BOOO. For those that like the Animus stuff (I love it) there are plenty of very cool tidbits of information if you go around hacking each machine. The possibilities for an AC game are endless and it’s awesome to think about where they could go with it. If you are an AC fan do not miss this game."
76561198052582537,Recommended,242050,14123950,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,BoSToL,"This game has enough ""pirate"" themed content to be completely cut off from the Assassin's Creed franchise, but blends the two themes well. I had no problem skipping all the other games in the series to play this, as the ""Assassins"" theme takes a backseat in this installment. Loads of fun, with rewards for risk-takers, and players who invest time into game completion, particularly when it comes to ship upgrades.Well worth your money, trust me. Even if you haven't played a game from the series yet.Solid 9/10"
76561198052246371,Recommended,242050,10232964,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Nautiloidor,Great game. Much better than AC3. 8/10.
76561198059419401,Recommended,242050,9240786,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Goose,"Director Gore Verbinski and the crew set sail once again for this, the third chapter in the swashbuckling Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy. Captain Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) is hopelessly trapped in Davy Jones' locker after a harrowing encounter with the dreaded Kracken, and now Will Turner (Orlando Bloom) and Elizabeth Swann (Keira Knightley) must align themselves with the nefarious Captain Barbossa (Geoffrey Rush) if they hold out any hope of saving their old friend from a fate worse than death. The East India Trading Company and its fearsome leader, Lord Cutler Beckett (Tom Hollander), have taken control of the ghostly Flying Dutchman and its captain, Davy Jones (Bill Nighy), and now the baleful Admiral Norrington (Jack Davenport) has taken the helm in a relentless bid to destroy every pirate ship in his path and bring the Age of Piracy to a violent close. Meanwhile, Will, Elizabeth, and Captain Barbossa navigate treacherous waters and face bitter betrayal as they set sail to gather the only army that can stand up to Beckett -- The Nine Lords of the Brethren Court. But Captain Jack Sparrow is one of the lords, and as long as he's stuck in Davy Jones' locker, Beckett and his nefarious armada are sure to emerge victorious. There's still hope, however, if the heroic team that includes Tia Dalma (Naomie Harris), Pintel (Lee Arenberg), and Ragetti (Mackenzie Crook) can reach exotic Singapore and convince vulpine pirate Sao Feng (Chow Yun-Fat) to provide them with charts and a ship. But even the powerful Brethren Court may need a bit of help from volatile sea goddess Calypso in order to weather the coming storm. With the entire future of the pirate way at stake, everyone will be forced to choose sides while drifting precariously to the edge of the earth for one final, spectacular battle. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi"
76561198099537408,Recommended,242050,13895443,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,(｡◕‿◕｡),"The Game itsself is amazing, but it has a few problems. Firstly Uplay. Secondly Uplay. Thirdly Uplay.Uplay crashes the game every 15 minutes apx making it nearly impossible to play."
,Recommended,242050,13745761,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ReapsRO,"If you enjoyed all previous Assassin's Creed games, or you're new to the series, and you've always wanted to be a pirate, pilage and steal precious booty, blow up enemy ships, board them for more booty and sail the seas while hunting shark and whale for loot. Then this game is for you! Amazing graphics and game play, plus bonus missions to keep you amused for hours on end!@TasteyTV"
,Recommended,242050,11272024,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DEC1MUS,"As of right now, this moment. This is my favorite game. I am on my second playthrough as my first version was...ahem different. This game is a masterpiece, easily the best in the AC series. Who would have known in AC1 one that Altair's climbing, parkour, and wrist knives would eventually evolve into the ULTIMATE pirate game.. I've always wanted to be a pirate, and this game let's me live out that fantasy. I want more pirate adventures like this!  On my facebook I said this was my 2013 Game of the Year. I am now going to say it's one of the best games I've ever played. 10/10."
76561198119507517,Recommended,242050,13150650,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Bill Nye The Soviet Spy,"assassins creed back flag is a game about pirets and BOATS!!!!! but really though ths game is pretty wizzard. now you may think that you have seen every thing assassins creed has to offer, and your right but this game is really good ii must have spent 100 houres hunting wales figgen barsterd with there crazy comunist talks 10/10"
,Recommended,242050,19688829,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,zzz,My computer is just a little bit too old. My fps is very low.
,Recommended,242050,19736709,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,BadNetCode,"Almost a great game. It would be if it wasn't for Assassin's Creed being shoehorned in.This could have just been a badass game about being a badass pirate, but no."
76561198070447007,Recommended,242050,19038012,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Batman,"Best ""Pirates of the Caribbean""-game on the market."
,Recommended,242050,18930606,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Bogyba,Yaaarrrrr awesome game !!! Go get that booty !!!
,Recommended,242050,18548033,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Sam Maek Jong,Why I can't play multiplayer ??The singleplayer is good and i love it the problem just only in the multiplayer.
,Recommended,242050,17561825,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Clay,"I want to start the review by saying Uplay sucks. I was about halfway through the game when I built my desktop. Went to play the game and none of my saves were there. All this is in steam is a link to uPlay beware.Now to the actual review.The game itself is wonderful. Although its not like the original games I throughly enjoyed Black Flag. It fixed alot of things that were wrong with AC3 and improved upon them.1.) THE GREAT SEAS. One of my main issues with AC3 was the blandness of the Frontier. Now there is a sea which may leave people wondering how it was improved on, but there is so much going on in the Caribean. Ships are everywhere, explorable islands are scattered throughout the map and alot of other goodies. Plus the ship mechanics are very well done and were alot of fun.2.) The storyline is wonderful. No it does not focus on the Assassins as much as it does the games main protagonist Edward Kenway, but molds into the AC world very nicely.3.) Outside of the Animus actually makes sense now. I never liked being outside the Animus (Except towards the end of Revelations, that♥♥♥♥♥♥was cool) but now it actually makes sense and goes well with the story. Its not as exciting, but some cool story tid-bits are nice to see and it integrates well."
,Recommended,242050,17715380,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,The Great Fish,"This Pirates of the Caribbean game is a shining example of piracy done right, boarding ships, looting warehouses, its just so much fun.One negative aspect of this game, is that they forgot to add Jack Sparrow into the game, instead you got a bunch of assassin stuff, which is cool enough.All joking aside, this is an Assassins Creed game, which actually innovates on the series, and give you new stuff to do. it is also very fun, as stealth is sort of an option, as there are far more bushes than in Assassins creed 3, furthermore, you can now get up to 4 pistols, when you upgrade your holster, which makes the pistol actually useful compared to Assassins Creed 3.The modern day story is a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ though, you work for a video game company, looking to create a virtual experience with the memories of Edward Kenway, for me, the modern day story was only there to take me out of the fun of being a pirate."
,Recommended,242050,14059061,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Chad Vader XVI,8.5/10 If you like seamen you will love this game.
76561198214240232,Recommended,242050,18067297,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Ragnar Lothbrok,"By Far the best Assassin Creed I've played. Storyline is not the greatest but the free roam aspect of the game is really well done. Not to mention the awesome naval combat which is nothing short of outstanding. The idea of managing your ships crew, taking down and boarding other vessels is one elemnet which they really perfected in this game. The character customization could be worked on and their are a fairly small amount of weapon choices which could also be improved. The melee combat is one of the best ever with a wide range of moves and some awesome different stealth takedowns. Not to mention the amazing graphics which are one of the best i've ever seen, let alone in an Assassin Creed game. Overall I highly recommend this game, by far the best Assassins Creed and deffiently worth a play."
,Recommended,242050,17357186,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ϕ Pythagoras ϕ,"I just came here to do the parkourz,but the story is fine 8/10 -IGN jks xD"
,Recommended,242050,19495079,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SidJ,"An underated beast in the whole franchise. Gameplay is solid as steel, The only problem is, its really unoptimised like every other ubisoft game. Still a huge fan of AC games."
,Recommended,242050,19487539,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Ålex,"you can be a pirate, YAAAR!"
,Recommended,242050,20008395,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,accessorize,This game is really fun and amazing graphics! Includes a fun multiplayer mode10/10!
,Recommended,242050,19890468,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rylark,Best Pirates of the Caribbean game I've ever played
76561198064404629,Recommended,242050,20133496,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kissin'Cyanide,Very good
76561197960951855,Recommended,242050,20066645,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,WE3,"Best Assassin’s Creed ever made, pass up all the others and just get this one. Best single player game on the market!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198147500217,Recommended,242050,20114790,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[AA] Ninja10102,arrrrrrr good game arrrrrrrr
,Recommended,242050,20316402,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Uli,the best assassins creed game after assassins creed 2
,Recommended,242050,21329246,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,- \/G - Winter,Game is funGame is goodUplay is bad
,Recommended,242050,21171699,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,K🅰mi🅱🅾 #Sp00ke💯🔥,"Shark Hunting Simulator. Out now for xBox, PS3, PS4 and PC"
,Recommended,242050,21202147,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,☠-Notahealslut-☠,the only game i want to steal in because the authorities already f♥cking hate me anyway
76561198045856019,Recommended,242050,21041964,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,'Arik <3.,"Bought it on sale, so I can say it's worth the frustration it gave me for all the crashes (Kappa)...but overall its amazing game  that you feel like a god when you do 1vs9000 :)Fixes that will help! :D>IF YOUR GAME CRASHES IN START - smash your ""Windows button"" so that the game will run in background...wil fix it :)>Dont alt+tab in game, because the game will crash :/"
76561198019048629,Not Recommended,242050,21027502,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Edgar Allan Pro,"Another♥♥♥♥♥♥port from Ubisoft.  45-30fps on my 980ti.  No thanks.Also 75% of the time the game crashes on startup.  Seems the only sure way to launch it is directly through Uplay.  Another gross ""feature""."
,Recommended,242050,21044886,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,oldskool81,8/10 would reccomend buying on sale
,Recommended,242050,23353059,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Brother Tyrone,"First playthrough:Spawns below ship I was supposed to be on,Davy Jones wanted me so bad he ♥♥♥♥ed up my game the first time I booted it up,reminded me of my first roleplaying experience in bed,""THARR SHE BLOWS""10/10 would RP jacksparrow in bed again"
,Recommended,242050,26896267,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Matt,One of the best games i have ever played!
,Recommended,242050,26899009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duskfall,"I got my 80% progress wiped, I still love this game, send help asap."
76561198064373752,Recommended,242050,27461138,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ShamwowKiller,"My favorite AC game by far. The sailing,ship battles, boarding ships, conquring forts, whaling, swimming with sharks, treasure hunting, and much more make this game so unique to me. The ""present day"" story is a little weak but playing as Edward Kenway is amazing."
,Recommended,242050,21856862,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,ratón muerto,buy it now its great just go buy it now
76561197992657780,Recommended,242050,29714779,Posted: 5 February,all,(CSC)Treglis,"I tried to play first Assassin's Creed game in past, but it bother me a lot by dull and repetitive objectives. I have bougth Black Flag in sale and also thanks to positive ratings and I totally don't regret. Its catchy and I have fun to do all the side objectives. The ""mini"" game with the ships by looting other ships is great. The only things I hate are the diving bells location. And the control of the character is little bit cumbersome in some situation (in comparison with Batman series for example)."
76561198060923919,Recommended,242050,29170905,Posted: 10 January,all,Sir Clash,2nd Best AC game to date. Warning: This game is addictive. Really enjoyed upgrading the ship and eventually taking on multiple man-o-war and frigates. Highly recommend!
76561198251229398,Recommended,242050,26757544,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Pio,"Fun game, great story"
,Recommended,242050,27964092,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,hyckaru,Pirates and ships.Two things I love most.10/10
,Recommended,242050,27568488,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr Baleen the Whale,Great fun to play. Wierd bugs but good story
,Recommended,242050,27647357,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sydchrome,"If you wanted a Pirate game disguised as a Assassins Creed game, look no further.Best pirate game you'll play10/10"
76561198023391052,Recommended,242050,29554121,Posted: 28 January,all,Mr.Remington,"This is one of the last AC games I have played so far and so far this is the best one. AC3 comes close to second (some would totally disagree, but history buff). If you want a very enjoyble expericane and a realiable one (sorry Unity) grab this one."
,Recommended,242050,29306366,Posted: 16 January,all,Invisible Man,"When I picked this up I wasn't a fan of how the character starts off not really being an assassin but putting on the clothes like a fraud (this isn't a spoiler it happens pretty quick in the game). After how slow assassins creed 3 felt It didn't bug me too much and I can understand that getting right to gameplay was probably pretty important. Worth a mention though..I feel like this game actually is a direct reflection of AC 3. 3 Was slow to get going and here they dived straight into being an assasin and in 3 one of the highlights was the ship mission/game mechanic and here they packed the game with plenty of time at sea on a ship.Overall the game is pretty good, the attention to detail in places is what strikes me though, like the shanties being sung at sea that really stick in your head. Your pirate cohorts and enemies have real life to them, being able to dive and find treasure on sunken ships. All make the game really stick to its idea of pirates. With that said it feels too light on the actual assassins and templar story. It is there at the center of it all but feels still a little misplaced or something? That along with desmond being gone and the current day gameplay/story being a little disjointed too makes for it to be not quite as good as some of the other games. I used to actually enjoy seeing desmonds story develop but here the real world parts at abstergo i just can't be bothered to hack someones terminal or whatever I go straight into the pirate world.As far as gameplay goes, its the usual fun of assasinate templars or people in your way. I will agree that there are too many follow this person missions but the rest remains fun. Trying to gather resources to upgrade my ship to then be able to carry on with the main story became tedious at times especially when i wasn't interested in being at sea...but overall a good mix of assassins creed and pirate life."
,Recommended,242050,27933374,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SevenS!N,one of the best AC games
,Recommended,242050,27770466,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Heimskr99,"Arrr! This be the most swashbuckling scurvy seadog simulator in the seven seas! Ye take what ye want, and ye give nothin' back! This surely be on the wishlist of the most ruthless buccaneers! If ye not be wanting this, then ye might as well walk the plank, ya slimy scalawag! I be takin' me cutlass, and blowin' ye down to feed the fish in Davy Jones' Locker! Y'arr but shark bait ye son of a biscuit eater!"
76561198170378805,Recommended,242050,25470050,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Calavera,I just love this game so much <3
,Recommended,242050,25679398,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,SSJHazardous,Pirates of the Caribbean Simulator 2013Rum / 10
,Recommended,242050,26984292,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NhatNM,nice game
,Recommended,242050,29309958,Posted: 16 January,all,T H I C C,"A solid game, despite its bugsPROS:- Naval combat- A great main character- Combat is great- Story is interesting- Great endingCONS:- I had more bugs with this than Unity- The modern day stuff is♥♥♥♥♥♥A great game, but the bugs are awful, and I had to restart the game several times. 7/10"
76561198029639334,Recommended,242050,27515579,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MAVEZ,AWESOME GAME ! Congrats to Ubisoft Montreal for this beautiful game where the fun is everywhere. its one of my favrite game and my favorite Assassin's Creed
,Recommended,242050,23911112,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kawaiian,"a$$ creed, am i right?"
,Recommended,242050,24264189,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,YznIT✅,One of the best Assassin’s Creed games !
,Recommended,242050,23862853,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sikk,"Pirates and Assassins? ' the hell, go buy it!Beautiful graphics.My PC allows me only to play at medium settings.. still its beautiful.Imagine having a good PC and max settings? Insane.One of the best series, after Assassins creed 2.10/10"
76561197972052979,Recommended,242050,25529284,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,knapster2k,"You're a pirate who finds an Assassin's clothes and magically gets all the Assassin talents, yet still only wants money and booze. Doesn't make much sense but still a great game!"
