user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,242130,19414495,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Strayed,"This is a good game and there is lot to do to keep you interested. Especially if you are a fan of the old school Ace Combat or even Deadly Skies series.But it's still something that should belong in Early Access. There are quite a few significant bugs in the game and a good amount of content is unfinished. For example you will face bugs in the Campaign that stops you progressing along with runtime errors during cutscenes that force you to redo an entire mission, and several challenges are either bugged or incomplete. As others have said it's a decent buy when it's around 70% off but I cannot honestly recommend this game at full price due to the gamebreaking bugs and unfinished content."
,Recommended,242130,14277316,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kemo,"Vector Thrust is an arcade dogfighting game similar to the likes of HAWX and Ace Combat but with cel-shaded graphics. Its fast paced combat combined with the hundreds of unlockable planes makes this game extremely fun but it has many flaws in its current Early Access stage. Please note, this review is structured differently due to the amount of stuff I have to talk about.Graphics and Appearance:The graphics and appearance of this game are a bit hit and miss (mainly miss), thankfully it doesn't subtract from how good the game is too much and hopefully these things will be fixed soon.+The planes look absolutely awesome in the cel shaded style of the game as do enemy vehicles and turrets.+The sky and water in this game are pretty damn beautiful (see screenshot)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=381418871-The textures of the maps are absolutely terrible, they are very low resolution and are particularly bad to look at when flying close to the ground. Textures of airports (because they aren't actually 3D) are also bad and look like they're just 2D images pulled from Google Earth-Particle effects are also pretty bad, explosions created by destroyed aircraft are very small and disappear completely after two or three seconds, plane's don't have noticeable vapour trails.-Lens flare is also bad, it's pretty much just a grey ring on your screen which really does not look nice.-This game has no cockpit view which is absolutely ridiculous considering the type of game it is.-Flares aren't very bright and are difficult to see.-The game's UI is only visible when looking straight ahead.Gameplay and Replayability:Gameplay is where this game really excels, the combat is near perfect and with so much to do it's difficult to get bored of this game without pouring a considerable amount of time into it.+Fast paced combat+Many different enemy types, ranging from drones to the Stratofortress (that's a B52 for those who don't know)+Each plane that you can fly in the game does something particularly well making different planes suited to different missions+While the campaign is short (and pretty dull) the main game mode is 'Challenges' where you take part in different challenges, ranging from shooting down balloons with your forward mounted gun or bombing enemy tents, to unlock the literally hundreds of planes that this game has. You start off with a few of the families, such as the F-104 and as you progress through each family of planes you unlock more families to do challenges for such as the F4, F6 and F16 families.+Vector Thrust has an incredibly powerful editor which allows you to create your own scenarios to play yourself or to share with others.-While the game has multiplayer it's difficult to find a match unless you have friends to play it with due to multiplayer being in the beta branch and the small number of players on the game.-Takeoffs and Landings aren't in the game (yet?).Sound:As with Graphics and Appearance, Sound in this game is pretty hit and miss.+The roar of the engines on the planes is great+The sounds of your weapons firing are good-The voice acting is pretty awful (credit where credit's due it was just one guy using a voice changer for all of the characters in the game).-The noise for you locking on to a target is very similar to the missle alert which can be confusing at times.Menus, Controls and Options:+I played with the default (slightly tweaked, we'll get to that) control scheme for an XBOX360 controller which worked great apart from the fact that it didn't have flares mapped to it which I had to do myself, apart from that I thought the controls were extremely good and the planes themselves were very responsive.+This game has a lot of options, it has everything you would expect graphically but it also lets you choose the colours of your UI, what measurement system you would like to use and more.+The menus are simple and easy to use.-The menus can't be navigated using a controller.Things Worth a Mention:+The development team are very active in the forums which is always nice to see.-This game contains quite a few typos/spelling mistakes which I found quite frustrating.Verdict:9 for fans of similar games7 for people new to this kind of gameDespite it's flaws this is an arcade dogfighting game superior even to the HAWX series (HAWX 2 being one of my all time favourite games) BUT due to its numerous flaws this game might not be as enjoyable for people new to this type of this game (hence the two scores). Whether you're new to arcade flight simulators or you're a veteran of the HAWX or Ace Combat games I would strongly recommend this game.El K."
76561198046340664,Recommended,242130,11808316,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Owandy45,"This game is fantastic, it's simply a spiritual sequel of the classic Ace Combat games that I loved to play on PS2, this game reminds me of the good times and the many hours I spent playing Ace Combat : Distant Thunder, Ace Combat : Squadron Leader and Ace Combat : The Belkan War on my PS2 a few years ago. I highly recommend Vector Thrust to all the fans of this cult saga. Congratulations to TimeSymmetry, the talented developer of this great indie game !"
76561198110647731,Not Recommended,242130,15748367,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Warwolf Red 4-6,"This game has a great potential, but to be honest here, I have no idea what the developer (has done) or (is doing). Before you get fascinated by the game visuals, trailer or all those positive reviews, you might want to re-think your decision of buying this game because you are gonna end up in a loop of expectations and gonna get disappointed after a couple of months like I did.1. The game is no Alpha nor Beta stage, its content is missing out so many elements and infact a lot of its parts are rather frustrating to play (AIM-120 missiles that lock but won't follow targets etc/ invincible air units).2. Meaningless aircraft family missions. Yeah, I understand that each plane has its own variants, but what's the point of unlocking all of them by doing challenges? If you are not gonna use them in the campaign or multiplayer?3, Speaking of which, there is no multiplayer so far.Edit: Apparently there is, it just hasn't worked for me for some reason.4. The developer. No seriously, The developer is working really slow, (just as how the developer released the game in an immature status). So many players post a lot of bugs, and they usually get no responses. And what do we get everyweek? Minor big fixes.5. The developer again, seriously. So one time I suggested that we cancel the ability of planes of shooting ground targets using AIM-9 (Sidewinder), which makes no sense, I know this is not a simulator, but we are also not dumb and a lot of us are aware of this. Then I got replied by a ""fanboy"" later ""Arcade - simulation, pick one. Interestingly, the same fanboy -explained- to another user who was asking about why his AIM-120 had no smoke trailers, that this is REALISTIC. That's when I gave up on the forums and development, I mean seriously, if you are this narrow minded to listen to your fans, go make your own game and play it with your friends, this is a respected community and platform made for users because, like it or not (this might sound harsh) we are paying.6. The developer again, people who do mods, managed to do better stuff than the original developers themselves.Remember, re-consider your decision, I am un-installing the game, and I won't support the forums and I certainly DON'T recommend buying this.Edit: I am not impersonating the developer, nor saying he is a bad guy, I'm just saying that why start something big when you can't keep up? Again, this is my personal opinion."
,Recommended,242130,11840471,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,[GWJ] Lobster Mobster,"It's rough, to be sure, but for an alpha it's solid and the groundwork is definitely there.These guys wear their Ace Combat influence on their sleeve, which is great seeing as Project Aces gave up on that when the PS2 went out of fashion.  Even in its alpha state, this is the best Ace Combat-style (which is to say, arcadey flight sim) game on Steam.No, H.A.W.X., I haven't forgotten about you.  You either, Assault Horizon.  Both of you, go to your rooms.  You're being schooled by an indie, probably working with a total budget equal to what you spend on coffee."
76561197990635439,Not Recommended,242130,23931231,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,a9249,"This game had so much potential, Its basically a modern ace combat... or would have been if the developer hadnt dropped creating new content and balancing out the system. You have to play through challenges to unlock aircraft, and the story mode only has 10 planes tops; while there are thousands in the challenge mode that cannot be used elsewhere. If development continues this could be a good game one day; but as I previously stated, dev has dropped further work and the buggy half finished mess this turned out as is only worth about 5 bucks."
,Recommended,242130,11815346,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,hak,"Yo buddy, you still alive?"
,Recommended,242130,11823813,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Vector Thrust is a good solid game, especially for early access. The gameplay is a bit similar to Jane's Advanced Strike Fighters or Heroes in the Sky. You fly, kill X objects and complete the mission.But, Vector Thrust has several cool elements not found in similar games. It has (upcomming Co-Op and vs multiplayer, a mission editor (Already working) and a cool selection of modern fighter planes.The controls can be set entirely to your liking and so far I didn't encounter any real bugs or errors. Maybe some menu presentation problems, but nothing that actually takes the fun out of the game.A must have for any would be jet jockey."
,Not Recommended,242130,16903147,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ori,"I'd honestly like to recommend this game, but the current state makes it hard to accept its status as full retail and the overall price. While it has its redeemable elements, the issues outweigh the cost for the game at the current moment. Unless there's something like a considerable discount  (50% and above) the price isn't right.First off, if you're here wanting an Ace Combat experience, the game is not what you're looking for. Boot up Ace Combat Infinity or hook up an emulator and dust off your PS2 disks instead. Vector Thrust has a lot of promise but at the moment there are many issues that need to be addressed before it happens.OverviewVector Thrust is an indie air combat simulator game with a cel-shaded art direction developed by the TimeSymmetry team, published under Iceberg Interactive. The game features arcade shooter elements such as large amounts of ammunition and fictional aircraft as well as setting, quick-action and skirmish modes, several challenge stages, standalone battle scenarios and a story-driven campaign. There are dozens of aircraft families to chose from, with several variants for each, with aircraft both famous and less-widely-known. The game features original musical score by José Pavli.Pros:● Interesting proposal of a constructed world and timeline, in similar fashion to the known Ace Combat series.● Active modding community with many additional aircraft, paint schemes, NPC voices, weapon, scenery, and extra content● Good graphical detail on aircraft exteriors as well as weapons.● Cel-shaded artstyle that gives a colorful, unique appearance to the game.*Cons:○ Underwhelming amount of content for a full release, with many placeholder and seemingly rushed material, as well as incomplete or missing individual aircraft, challenge and aircraft family descriptions.○ Disorganized content that yields misreferenced audio and dialogue, mismatching speech and text along occasional typos.○ Slow campaign story pacing, with little emotional response to character interaction.*○ Scenery seems simple and uninteresting at best, and downright barren at worst.○ Removal-- and subsequent lack of restoration of HUD customization from older versions.○ Steep AI difficulty curve from unresponsive to highly challenging during gameplay.○ Friendly AI ground units during campaign seem to be mainly unresponsive to enemy presence.○ Occasional crashes during gameplay.○ Sound effects are toned down from how they actually sound in reality, along a distinct lack of sound in some occasions (sounds after a certain distance are inaudible, secondary aircraft explosions lack sound, etc).○ Anti-air artillery and guns are exceedingly lethal (ranging from straight bullet death rays with zero spread to one-shell-kills) for a game that tries leaning to an arcade style, and missile guidance seems to be overly inaccurate.*○ Voice acting can be described as ""campy"" in some lines, while it seems to be toned down in others.**: In my personal view and/or opinion.Other NotesNow, I will admit that I didn't buy this game expecting a perfect Ace Combat Infinity replacer on the PC, with all its features and complete, polished game mechanics, but Vector Thrust fails to accomplish a few things that I needed to have the patience to personally dig up info around (missing descriptions for aircraft like the XF10F, find proper replacement sounds for explosions and gunfire, add and reposition special weapons on aircraft that lacked secondary weapons while there were obvious hardpoints to support those, etc.) which wouldn't be needed to be done otherwise, which eventually got wiped as files were revalidated and updated into newer files, which, while I had hoped would have even more accurate info than what I had found out and filled in, sadly were the previous state of the files before I made any changes.I'll give the TS team credit, the game has come a long way from the start as far as I see, but despite the slow update frequency I would rather have it that way than leave early access in the current state-- which just feels forced. Many things like aforementioned typos and dialogue lines being cut short or misreferenced, or even missing, it all makes me feel like the game still needed more development and content before being branded as full retail version.This doesn't mean I gave up on the game, and all things considered, it is a decent game on itself with good potential, but for its current price Vector Thrust is not a reasonable deal at all, which is the main issue and a huge turn-off for anyone interested. I'm hoping that the devs don't take this review wrong as being only me lashing out disappointment, because in fact, those are just issues I'd rather see addressed sooner than later, since I hope to see this game attain a proper status as spiritual successor to Ace Combat. Right now however, it's not."
76561198026412066,Not Recommended,242130,17953393,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Aidyn,"As many of you who are reading this review must be doing, I read the top negative reviews before buying the game. And to be honest, right now, this game is abselutely not worth it. In fact, it is the very first game that I requested a refund. Here's a few reasons why, as well as some good points. Yes I did only play about 20 minutes, but yes, that was more than enough.Cons:-THE biggest issue: took me 3 hours to get this to actually work. The only fix that worked? Switching back to the last build (as proposed by the devs, using a beta option they created). Problem with this is that even this fix needs manual fixing.-No tutorial. Want to know the controls? Go read.-No access to options in-game, need to go back to main screen. Launched the campaign expecting the first mission to teach you how to play? Nope! And no, game doesn't even allow you to know in-game what controls to use.-Unintuitive keyboard controls. I though GTA had bad flight controls. Mouse for view, arrows for up-down pitch and roll left or right, WASD for thrust, brake, left-right turn. Don't have 3 hands? Too bad. This could have been improved by using the numpad instead of arrows. Also, chaff, flares, etc are bound by default to 6-7-8, while cameras are 1-2-3. I think that defenses are more important than a good angle of vision, but maybe that's just me.-Boring fights. I tried to play the first mission, and it pretty much resumes to: fly to target, fly to enemy, keep on rolling with enemy and wait for missile lock. Launch. Repeat. All you do is do loops again and again. That is not realistic, because any real pilot doing that would loose consciousness.-Equipment information seems wrong: the first rockets you get are described as ""unguided"", yet they still lock and follow targets...Pros:-Combat system is good, but the poor controls and poor AI just doing loops pretty much negates this.-Lots of play modes, including (but not limited to) campaign, multiplayer, skirmishes.-Graphics. Although even on max graphics the planes still look a little low-res (see the game screenshots above for examples), one thing that actually amazed me is that they added the visual effect of passing the speed of sound. That I haven't seen often.-Sounds. I tried the two planes that are available initially, and both had they own engine sounds, weapon sounds, etc.So, as you can see, and as many others have said, the bases are there and good, but the finishing touch was scrapped."
,Recommended,242130,32542401,Posted: 18 June,all,Liquidsnakehpks-joa,"A decent flight game left 4 dead :(bought this game at 75% off looking at the screenshots and the number of planes it featured ,  i was expecting a decent campaign mode with all the classic aircraft and probably some extra stuff. What i found led me to understand well why the game has a average score...Lets start of with the good things- A decent well made game considering the price range falls at indie game levels , you can see from the graphics and depth they were trying to attempt a long journey but miscalculated the fuel load and crashlanded midway.- The story mode is decent but it reminded me a lot of ace combat on the psp, worth playing it fully to the end.- Aircraft are all made well , there are differences in their stats and the weapon load. A ton of different craft to fly include my favourites f-14 and mig 31.- You can find the expected extra modes aka short sceanarios and challenge modes , it has mp too but i could not find anyone playing it sadly.And now for the ugly bits....- Going from the forum posts ... the game has been abandoned by the devs and publisher for a while now ...- Not sure why but the game probably wont launch for most people it crashed to desktop a lot at first had to mess with the settings to get it working check forums for fixes.- The story mode is half baked and ends with a strange note , Maybe they planned to do more but we wont know for sure.- Tons of bugs, glitches combined with lack checkpoints most people probably wont play the game fully, i experiened odd events where mission would fail for no reason, audio skipping and events failing to trigger, heck the game also crashed after end game credits.- Steam workshop feature exists but does not have anything good considering the game is dead.- Tons of achievements exist but most of them are probably bugged and trigger at odd times, there is one that says complete two campaigns but could not find the other haha.Again this is among those steam games that we all come across that had great potiential but got abandoned midway.I certainly think the game can do better with more paid/free story expansions the game has a ton of planes but the story uses only 9 of them and SKIPS MIG 31 AND F-14 :X .Easily worth purchasing at 75% off or more , sadly you can't be my wingman as the online is  dead.... A good 6/10 game, would be more if the story was longer.Screenshots :http://steamcommunity.com/id/liquidsnakehpks/screenshots/?appid=242130"
,Recommended,242130,13727537,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Guard13007,"If you like Ace Combat and were always wanting it to be more challenging and/or available on PC, BUY THIS. This is the game you've been waiting for."
,Not Recommended,242130,16860095,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,DS,"This is a game of frustration.Don't buy it.Number of planes doesn't make up for clumsy controls (for those who don't have flight-oriented joysticks -honestly, if you've bought this game - first thing - redefine control keys to avoid situations, where you need at the same time press W (or S), ctrl, space and 8, while controlling your aircraft with arrows), lack of good picture (you plane looks cool... and that's all what you'd be seeing. I understand that there is little else to see in flight sims... but some backgrounds/landscape could be good), clumsy target-switching (it may be my problem, but I'm yet to find a way to do thing like choosing nearest target or nearest to center of screen target - right now I can only switch forward through them, hoping that I'd find the one I want to hit soon). And remember - this game teaches us that in modern air combat you should never use missiles - they never hit (I've launched about 20 missiles at aircrafts flying in a straight line without using any counter-measures - scored 2 hits), except when fired at you (in short term - game developers severely lowered chances for missiles to hit for player-launched missiles, while AI almost never misses without counter-measure launch and/or frantic maneuvers on your side)Update:After almost a year - I've decided to try this game once more, noticing that there were some updates. And there are some positive changes. Yes, now you can hit with about one missile out of 2 that is fired at the enemy aircraft flying in straight line without using counter measures. Well, actually there is a switch between missile modes in game options - ""old"", ""stat-based"", ""arcade"". I dunno difference between two last, but both seem to hit more accurately (thus - 1 out of 2). But all other problems stay. Campaign is a pit of frustraction. Game may have got a little better, but still belongs to a dump."
76561198009067077,Recommended,242130,15865096,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,GRANIT Salvo,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW[16MAY2015] Wow.  exactly what I have been hoping for; a spiritual successor to Ace Combat on PC.  My gripes with it are minor:- Ground textures are the sore spot- A small bug with achievements- A few non repeated glitches with menus- Can't remove a keybinding.  change, yes.  Set to nothing, no.  Not really a problem, though- The first campaign mission is poorly presented. [subjective]- I dont like some of the sound effects.- Missing a couple sound effect- no voice [maybe a good thing.  some AC voices were terrible]Nothing gamebreaking.On to the good parts......+ The controls.+ The controls.+ Seems well optimized+ Dedication to aircraft families.+ So many modes.+ The challenge mode to unlock aircraft.+ No psychological warfare to get me to buy stuff!!!!!!!!!+ The Controls.Progression through the challenge mode by exploring the aircraft family evolution is genius.  So much fun."
76561198043733014,Recommended,242130,11868219,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Spirit of Fighter,Do you like Ace Combat series? Buy this.Do you like H.A.W.X. series? Buy this.
,Recommended,242130,11836929,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Just amazing to see in this game that looks like an old familiar from the original ""Air Combat"" they look new video game, which has been revamped and made ​​a number of new ideas to the old interface and gameplay.The game gives the opportunity to use and buy and sell aircraft without any restrictions, including the game's story time. Unlike many other similar games, you are forced to play the story for Specially particles airplane use, but this is not mandatory.When playing a game you can also open up more new aircraft to use, which you can buy for your self later in the store. Also the weapons you can buy the game for himself on an airplane, which could not be done earlier in a older game.The game also has the battle arena, where you can also set the number of planes and severity. Also, the number of own aircraft and the skills to adjust to keep you in the game. The game also supports modding.even if the game crashes a few times, so I can still recommend this game!  One of the best if not the best to play flight combat simulations.Includes also ​​a map editor. Referral! :3FIN:Aivan mahtavaa nähdä tälläinen peli, joka näyttää vanhalta tutulta alkuperäiseltä ""Air Combat"" -näköiseltä videopeliltä, jota on ehostettu ja tehty lukuisia uusia ideoita vanhaan käyttöliittymään ja pelattavuuteen.Peli antaa mahdollisuuden käyttää ja ostaa sekä myydä lentokoneita ilman rajoituksia, myös pelin tarinan aikana. Toisin kuin useissa muissa vastaavissa peleissä, sinun on pakko pelata tarinaa saadaksesi tiettyn lentokoneen käyttöösi, mutta tässä ei ole pakko.Peliä pelatessä pystyt myös avaamaan lisää uusia lentokoneita käyttöön, jotka voi ostaa itselle myöhemmin kaupasta. Myös aseita voi ostaa pelissä itsellensä lentokoneeseen, jota ei ole voinut tehdä aijemmin vanhemmassa pelissä.Pelissä on myös taisteluareena, jossa voit myös asettaa lentokoneiden määrän ja vaikeuden. Myös omien lentokoneiden määrän ja taidot pysyt säätämään pelissä. Peli tukee myös modausta.vaikka kyseinen peli kaatuu muutaman kerran, niin silti voin suositella kyseistä peliä! Yksi parhaista ellei paras pelaamiani lentotaistelu simulaatio pelejä.Sisältää myös kartta editorin. Suositteluni! :3"
76561198089128143,Recommended,242130,18289144,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Zeleahir,"Let's start with a simple fact: this game is not perfect. It's not even amazing, nor great. It is buggy like hell, tedious with its menu interface, annoying when it crashes and, in all honesty, shallow with content.But where Vector Thrust shines will be enough for people who are just looking for one thing - simple, plain, fast-paced dogfight action. The game is a perfect example of a title that you can play for an hour or so a day, on a break from duties or between other games.And to be honest, it has all the features it needs - the flight experience in Vector Thrust is just fantastic. The plane acts like you imagine it would, has the proper weight and feel to it. Guns and missiles are done really well and splashing a sidewinder into enemy's face is really damn satisfying.There's a nice variety of fighters - even if most of them are reskins, or slightly different meshes, they all pilot differently and can carry a huge array of various load. And if that's not enough, then one of the game's strongest sides is the modding community - there's quite a lot of skins and there are even entire fighters (Morgan! <3) that you can download. So far I had no problems with mods too.All in all, I can't recommend VT to everyone, all the negative reviews here are a proof why. But if you turn a blind eye to the early-accessy feel to the game and give a little trust to the developer, who constantly, though slowly, adds new stuff, then you get a great relax-issuing title, with one thing that it does amazingly well. If you're a fan of fighter combat and don't mind the fact that the campaigns barely work, you might just get a few really good hours with skirmish or multiplayer. Especially if you find it on a Steam sale (recently VT was 40% off, that's a good deal).Also, a tip: learn to use the goddamn AOA Limiter. The game doesn't point that feature at all, unfortunately, but it's only when you turn it off and let the G-Forces flow through the plane that you feel like a real goddamn ace, swinging in aerobatics toe to toe with foes."
,Recommended,242130,13507289,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,FFG-201,"This is somewhat a customised version and mod free flight sims arcade. It's still in Alpha so my opinion based on it, maybe in full released all the ""Cons"" I listed might get fixed and improve.Pros:-Classic manuever and engage like good ol' Ace combat.-No ACAH DFM/ASM just classic style of hunting prey with missile and gun.-Tons of creation or scenario can be made with the editor, You can re-create some of your favourite AC mission-Tons of Aircraft to be played, More aircraft hope to be added in future.-Variety enemy, even a giant fortress and large missile sub, maybe an ""Arkbird alike or SOLG"" in future dev?-Good AI, feel the tense when battling.-Difficulty is somewhat mixed match some easy to finish some toughCons:-The graphic for terrain and surrounding need more improvement-The aircraft viewer look plain need some creativeness-Need aircraft viewer in ALL gamemode since it help on navigate the aircraft/weapons choosing-Still feel some latency on firing the weapons-Graphic need some improvement, I keep getting Frames drop during massive battle-Voice actor, please find more passionate not drunk-music and ambient average, some of the music good but most feel plain-some crash but rare occasion only since this still in Early stageFinal words: Eventhough It still in early stage and there so much thing need to improve. I can see this game has bright future it even give me better experience than AC:AH (the only AC pc). This game mostly sandbox for now, if you hoping for story mission just for wait for the game to full release since I can't recommend it for now. But for those who want to get going test all aircraft available and create your own battle GO AHEAD Worth A While For You.  Best Flight Arcade Sims on par with AC"
,Not Recommended,242130,19402328,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,CabooseN7,"Bought it, tried it for an hour. It crashed three times in that hour, twice on the same mission. I got three missions in, and was bored or angry the whole way through.Pros:It does emulate Ace Combat to some degree, but not in the places that countCons:-Voice acting is bad. Not even like mediocre. I can handle medicore, but this is just bad. I think CASTLE is supposed to be Irish, but the accent is barely there. Everyone sounds either unenthused or forcing their lines. I ended up turning the volume down during their side sequence. It's supposed to be touching and emotional, I think, but it's ruined by the voice acting since the cutscene is just a still.-On the subject of sound design, it's honestly infuriating. This game will not let your ears have a moment of peace. If a missile gets locked to you prepare to hear the most piercing, annoying beep every .5 seconds until you break the lock. IF you break the lock. Game is very missle spammy, which isn't too big a problem, but with that missile lock sound it's horrible.-As well, music is very off. I'm getting this slow, rhythmic, 'heroic'-esque music in the middle of a dogfight.-Flying is slow and dull. It's almost like their design was split between arcade and flight sim, and it ends up being neither. Pick one.-Dogfighting isn't fun. This is partially due to to how the flying feels, but mostly how locking on works and how terrible missles are. Locking on takes forever, it takes a full two-three seconds when behind a target and flying straight for the lock on to align. It's the same for ground targets. Locking on is a joke. I point my nose at something I clearly want to bomb, and I lock onto something halfway across the map.I'm being harsh because I just got my third crash, which by the way happened in one of the still cutscenes, which causes you to have to replay the mission you just completed because for some reason the game hadn't registered I had passed it already. I've requested a refund.I want this game to be good, I want it to be great. I grew up on Ace Combat and other flying games. I can understand it doesn't have to be a perfect clone, nor might the designers want it to be. But it has to be fun, and this isn't. Hopefully i will be able to change my review one day."
,Not Recommended,242130,31779557,Posted: 15 May,all,Scharmers (Qt3),"Could have been nifty little ""Air Combat"" clone with a neat cell-shaded rendering engine.Instead, is broken and buggy, and abandoned by its developer.I don't have too many ""buyer's remorse"" titles in my Steam library, but this is one of the few.Avoid like the plague.  There's nothing here worth the hassle or the time."
,Recommended,242130,12539222,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,"A cell shaded (Borderlands Graphics) Ace Combat. Since Ace Combat Assault Horizon is the only AC game on steam, I'll gladly take this one. Work in progress but a fantastic start. Keep in mind a lot of the negative reviews are old, and they are slowly improving. If you can look past the voice acting and crashes here and there, it's a fun game. 8/10"
76561198042706777,Recommended,242130,12500295,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,RaptorGod,"If you enjoy the Ace Combat franchise then you will enjoy Vector Thrust. It can run on almost any computer that has Windows XP (Which is what I use) or later and still looks fantastic. The game is a little buggy at points but since its still in Alpha its understandable and these issues will most likely be worked out in future updates. The game is also very easy to modify (At least in Alpha) where you can add your own music, missions, skins, aircraft and much more. And with an active fansite and monthly updates this game will be played for years to come."
76561198064114593,Recommended,242130,13024687,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Stuart,Closest thing to ace combat since I had my dreams shattered into a thousand shards by Ace combat: assualt horizon.Vector thurst has a long way to go but It brings back the good old days when ace combat was as it should be.
,Not Recommended,242130,20431629,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,AWACS,"EDIT: THIS IS NOT A PRE-RELEASE REVIEW. Check the date of this review before harassing me.This game shouldn't have left early access, it feels like it was never finished, and it feels like it never will be.At least, not anytime soon.I really wanted to be able to get into this game, but it never happened for various reasons.When I bought this game, I wasn't expecting a serious flight simulator, I was expecting a game that was going to be similar to Ace Combat's arcade-y feel.However, I never got that feel. In fact, a lot of the planes feel very awkward and strange, and the story feels completely uninspired, and the music is alright, but it's nothing to write about. I knew the flying mechanics would be different, but the mechanics in this game need a lot more work before they feel like they have enough depth to be a good thing. I personally think there should be more feedback with every action, not just visually, but in the audio, the HUD, in anything. The immersion in the game is also extremely weak, which I personally believe is made worse when players hear the awkward voice acting.One of the strongest positives about this game ( and perhaps the only one ) is the ability to mod the game and to create your own content.However, the game is very small, and the modding community is even smaller. That means we will never be able to have intensive modding scenes that other games have, because this game died before it even had life. There are a few mods out there already, but they are nowhere as amazing as they could have been.This game was developed by like one guy, however, the video game industry is a competitive market. There isn't a moment where we can say 'You get an A for effort.' because in the end, the consumers still need to spend money for the product. I'm hoping that this game somehow gets revived in the future, but it's very unlikely, and I cannot recommend this game unless players are absolutely sure that this is a game that they want to invest in the game as it is."
,Recommended,242130,17386944,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,[Meaty Whack],"While it's mighty unpolished and a bit dissapointing, it's still a good game at heart. You can really tell it was made by an enthusiastic ace-combat fan who knew his stuff and actually gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sure, he's only one man, and that's probably why it's so relatively strange right now, but If this goes on sale I'd buy it if I were you!6/10+Campaign is fun once you get the hang of it+Gittin gud is awesome+OH MY GOD SO MANY PLANES TO UNLOCK JESUS+Dev actually gives a ♥♥♥♥ occasionally.-Starting Campaign is obviously a bit half-baked anyway-A lot of the planes can't be properly unlocked yet. Game's still pretty betaish.-Starting Campaign is hard to get and has serious difficulty issues; on 2 or 3 of the most 'intense' missions your plane magically gets 20 times the usual amount of health. Ruins the suspense.-On other missions you simply might not have enough ammo if you aren't stringingly efficient and have to go spelunking into the files."
,Recommended,242130,11826491,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Broadsword,"Understanding that this game is still a very early release, it's got a long way to go, but it's already come very far.Yes, there's some problems, but they're being ironed out as new content is going to be added, but whether or not the content in game is ripe enough to be adequately played at the moment is a question that comes down to a personal matter:If you're here for the ground attack part of arcade flight games, things aren't too great for you right now. Not a lot targets to shoot at, objects to fly between, ground attack munitions are now more or less properly implemented, but there's little obligation to be low, and typical of Ace Combat, little drive to fly an attacker rather than a fighter.However, if you're here for dogfighting action, most planes work roughly as they're intended, even those that aren't fully ready yet. Between the multiplayer mode, skirmish, and the mission editor, an intelligent player who came for the dogfighting will get their fill.In the mean time, it's one of the best arcade flight experiences I've had in a long time, coupled with one of the more user-friendly editors (I'm looking at you, ArmA ), so even if it's nowhere near done right now, it's still quite a lot of game to sink your teeth into.Oh. Not having fun? Set up a Skirmish with the mutators Itano Circus and Overdrive enabled. I dare you to not have fun then.Editted for relevance: as of this writing, ground attack munitions now work."
,Recommended,242130,11824639,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,White Phoenix,"It's Ace Combat with a mission editor and a skirmish mode. That alone makes it rather awesome. If you're an Ace Combat fan and have been starved of good arcade style flight games here on the PC, you need to give this a look. Works rather nicely with an Xbox 360 gamepad, too.This is really nifty for an Alpha game; looking forward to what later versions will bring!"
,Recommended,242130,11835027,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Tony Kito,There was an F-15 chasing me.So I tokyodrifted around and shot him in the face with a missle.This game's pretty decent.
76561198154684459,Recommended,242130,25318408,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,airkid1942,"Ive been a long time fan of the Ace Combat franchise and in addition to to Ace Combats 4, 5, Zero, and 6, I have also played other flight arcade/simulator games such as Over G Fighters, Lock On Modern Air Combat, and the IL2 series. It was my fond memories of the Ace Combat franchise that lead me to this game.I want to start off by mentioning this, while the game is marketed as a spiritual successor ( I would say that its more along the lines of paying homage to the series specifically AC4, AC5, and AC Zero), its not exactly like the franchise. So if you are looking for a PC version of the Strangereal Ace Combats and expecting this to have alot of the game mechanics and poignant storyline of the AC franchise then you will be sorely disappointed.With that being stated, there are a few things to keep in mind regarding this game. For starters from my understanding of the news I have been hearing, the person who created this game is ether working with a small staff or by himself so the updates for the game maybe slugglish when compared to other games in a similar genre. Nevertheless some of the content is well worth the wait. Secondly, one of the primary traits of this game is the ability to modify it as well as build missions. So if there is a certain factor you dont like, chances are you can change it. If you want a more Ace Combat feel then you can make it that way. The modding community is small but can provide you with most anything you are probably looking for.So onto the gameplay, the gameplay is kinda what you would expect for an arcade flight game, planes carrying 100+ missiles, non realistic maneuvers etc. Nevertheless there are some things that you will find moreso in flight sims rather than Ace Combat such as the ability to despense chaff and flares.Graphics wise, the majority of the detail went into the planes that you fly so the planes look pretty good for the style of illustration the creator used. Currently of the large selections of planes you can fly, only the F-16 has an actual cockpit but its not functioning, yet. Nevertheless like I mentioned before, the game is still recieving updates though.Story wise, you can tell that the game's universe was heavily influenced by the Strangereal universe in the Ace Combat series. The cutscenes in the current campaign thats availible took queues from specifically Ace Combat 4 by using stills rather than video. This is where in my opinion was the biggest let down simply because the cutscenes only have one still that would give you a picture of the beginning of the scene but you hear an entire scene unfolding.Overall would I recommend? Yes because in spite of all of the negative things I have just mentioned, this game has alot of potential. Between the mods, the mission builder and the future updates, the game can potentially become a decent, enjoyable game. Sadly the game will never be able to break out of the shadow of Ace Combat because Ace Combat is really the only game to really compare and or relate to this game (in spite of not liking that comparison, I was a hypocrite and compared it to the Ace Combat series constantly). Overall I would recommend waiting a while for the games bugs to be worked out and more content to be added. Also as much as I love the game, paying $25 dollars for a game that is still progressing slowly may be a bit too much. However I justified it as a donation to a guy who is most likely working with a small crew or no crew at all to keep working on this game."
,Not Recommended,242130,26007304,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Strigon,"This game is an early access title that was rushed out the door. It fails horribly at being a spiritual successor to ace combat or being a clone. The controls are sluggish and they sometimes dont work at all. The game has so many bugs and it crashes a lot. The performance is horrible. Updates are very slow. Even for being on sale for $6.24 its not worth getting.If you want a game that is even remotely fun get Ace Combat Assault Horizon on sale. Better yet find a PS2 and see if you have a store near you that sells old games.I got Air Combat, Ace Combat 4, Ace Combat 5, and Ace Combat Zero at Vintage Stock."
76561197992106445,Recommended,242130,11826770,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Third Eye,"AFTER RELEASE:Now I wasn't the only one to say they weren't very happy when Vector Thrust came out of beta, the campaign was rather disapointing and the lack of certain aircraft families was annoying.That being said since release Time Symmetry has implemented some new aircraft (including the MiG-31), made a missle model changer (Arcadey, Old, and Realistic), fixed some issues related to the game, and there are plans to add more features in the future.With the future in mind, Vector Thrust is shaping up to be a great Air Combat game that I see myself coming back to for years to come.Finally I'd like to reitterate that this game is highly modable and the developer encourages it, that alone should be a reason to check out this solid game.There is nothing quite like this currently on STEAM, so if you are looking for a good Semi-Arcade Air Combat game why not give Vector Thrust a try?EARLY ACCESS:If you enjoyed the gameplay of any of the PS1/PS2 Ace Combat games or any of the AirForce Delta series and are looking for a experience comparable to such, this is the game for you.In Ace Combat 5 Namco reached just over 50 aircraft for the player to fly, as a comparision, Vector Thrust has already surpassed that and Time Symmetry has planned to include somewhere near 200 official aircraft in Vector Thrust's final stages!Also with the in-game Editor which allows for an nearly endless amount of mission possibilities, and including moddability the replayability of Vector Thrust is through the roof.In the Early Access stages Vector Thrust has already proven to me to be easily worth the $15 ($13.49 if purchased before Aug 28th 2014) and I plan to spend hundreds of hours on this game."
,Recommended,242130,11828521,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,BoneDaddy,"Its good alright, however there are still some work to be done, a lot of work, cockpit view is unfinished (at least on my one)the explosions and sound effects still needs work, flying is good, very ace combat like, needs cool music.If you are a big ace combat fan, this is for you, it may be unfinished, but it will be interesting and exciting to see how this will turn out after future updates,I hope they add in a workshop in the future.anyways, great game."
,Recommended,242130,12731874,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,T1g4h,"It's like a moddable, cel shaded Ace Combat with a crazy amount of planes. Can't recommend it enough."
76561198026206488,Recommended,242130,11825577,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,(・・;),It's Ace Combat. Need I say more?
76561198024957609,Recommended,242130,11882300,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,mdk504,"wow! totally impressed so far. there's so many game modes to pick from. it reminds me of ut2003 or something to that effect. TONS of planes to pick from in all sorts of variations. controls feel great. using a xbox360 controller or a flight-stick works great. i really like that i can pick up and play for 10 min or immerse myself for hours.there arent too many cons for this title. aside from a few glitches and the rare crash its really polished. now he just needs to finish off the story line details and a  few other things and he should be ready for full release.keep up the good work. there needs to be more titles like this and not the AAA turds at 60 a pop.ps. dont make this game a pay2win kinda thing or a nickel and dime for every mode or feature or aircraft. i know money is nice, but that model is ruining gaming."
,Recommended,242130,12484549,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Phazon_Storm,"Dispite its bugs in early access,  Vector Thrust Is an outstanding Acrade Flight shooter. (Note the use of ""arcade."" this is not a sim)  All the mechanics are in there, and with the inclusion of modding capablity, map and mission editors, and already stellar AI, I can only see this game getting even better as time passes. I would have paid MORE than $15 if I could have.This is the true spiritual successor to Ace Combat. Take to the skies with the aces of Strangereal once again!""Yo, buddy. Still alive?""""There's one thing I can say for certain. Heroes really do exist. We've just seen one, and now he's coming home.""""They'll learn soon enough. Our ace can't be shot down.""Buy this game so you never have to even think of playing Ace Combat Infinity again. You'll save a lot of money that way."
,Recommended,242130,12357695,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,TheRibbonRed,"///Responding to Negative Reviews///Wow... can't believe I was right. Ace Combat has spoiled you lots, don't ya?Gotta admit, I can't brush aside the facts that timeSymmetry has abandoned the game while its most accessible modding tool (the Map Editor) is still buggy, and the store page doesn't make it clear enough that MODDING is the core of this game.But it is. It was timeS' original goal, and timeS did it.Ever played ""Fallout: New Vegas"" or ""Fallout 3""? You'll never be able to claim those games as ""unbugged"", will you? Because what those games have in common with Vector Thrust is that the game will never be ""unbugged"" because player content is the core of the game.But unlike Fallout's engine, you are not required to have any skill at all to mod (unless you want to create new models). All you have to do to make new content is to dive into the game files and make new ones, by simply changing values inside the .txt files to suit your needs.You can literally make turn it into any AC game you've ever played, but it will require your hands to make it happen. With my love for Flight Arcade games and my will to make it my own, I see that the price is somewhat reasonable for a game that lets you shape them.//// TL;DR Version ////think of VT like Fallout: New Vegas, except with less original content that came with the initial purchase (you can get more content free atmoddb.com, supported by the dev himself). This is due to the number of bugs needed to be fixed since the game revolves around creator content.You can buy now and enjoy what the community has to offer (and still growing). Might not look like much but alike New Vegas, you'd get more content than anything Bandai Namco has to or will offer  you with 112.33% cheaper price tag.-------------------------------------------------------------/// Pre-release Review ///With the way Ace Combat is going, this is one of the gems of arcade flight sim that sums up the entirety of AC and more with originality that's kept me months from playing Ace Combat: Infinity.It's still an Early Access, but even at that the AI aces pulls me to point-blank range without pulling off maneuvers where you'd need an omni-directional thrusters to pull off. All of that without the missiles being suckish.Guaranteed will be better than AC. ∞/infinity//// After Release (Per July 5 2015) ////After playing halfway through the Hollow Thunder campaign (fully-voiced, full-fledged original campaign), I don't have much crashes as others have claimed. I find this great, considering it's original EA release was full of bugs you can't seem to play it after 5 minutes.There are only 2 crashes during my 5 hour gameplay; the last one being me modding some stuff and testing it out; I find this release actually better than any arcade flight games on Steam right now. Vector Thrust gives you total freedom over the game, play it however you want.Although, keep in mind that VT was built with modding around its centre, thus some people who just wanted constant stream of contents without making one might not be entertained as much. VT has the core gameplay of Ace Combat, yet gives you the ""Debug"" side of it; making you see and control the developer side of the game. If you think you can feel fine with modding (even as simple as making skins), you'd be having a great time with VT's easy-to-learn modding system.The majority of negative reviews I've seen are mostly people who can't make contents and whine instead of helping those who does make them. You can checkModdb.comfor the majority of free addons that expand the game two-fold; maybe helping them out too by giving feedbacks. You'd be surprised that some of the bugs you have (if you still have) can be easily fixed by contacting the community."
76561198050811886,Recommended,242130,12603469,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,FAB-250,"A fantastic game that is like a cell shaded Ace Combat, although it freezes up and crashes here and there, mostly during explosions and other particle effects. Otherwise fantastic.  8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,242130,23102529,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,MAXIMUM AGGRESSION,"While I really hate to give them game a negative reviewIt's been much too long, even for day one bugs.First off, this game is awesome, while I think it had some things in gameplay I don't like...The dogfighting is fun, although the planes handling could be polished to be more responsive if you ask me.The one thing, the one thing that ♥♥♥♥s this game up the most isA. Challenge mode, its too hard and sucks(you can bypass it though by manually unlocking planes)B. CrashesThis game crashes pratically 24/7 on my i7-3770 and HD 7770 w/ 16gb's of RAM.It's obnoxious and I'm just about done with it, the game has potential, but this♥♥♥♥♥♥on full release is deeerp."
,Not Recommended,242130,31873157,Posted: 20 May,all,MiracleAttack,"I really wanted to like this game since I'm a big fan of Ace Combat and this seemed just the thing to hold me over until AC7. Sadly it's just unplayable for me in its current state.Controls are rough and even using a gamepad and remapping everything to an Ace Combat control scheme makes them tolerable, but all aircrafts so far feel like I'm trying to fly a bus with a drag chute open. That would be passible if there was not a game breaking bug occuring for me in the very first mission which results in an automatic mission failure. I figured this might be related to the mission, but if this is the case there are absolutely no indicators for it. Kill first wave of badguys, get a cutscene, and then instant mission failure. Cannot advance the main story, but after a dozen or so tries to even get past the first mission, I've lost all interest in whatever story was trying to be told here.Other gamemodes play better, and the game runs smooth enough, but even with all settings on ultra it becomes very hard to see anything that's going on aside from how beautiful your plane looks. Enemies just fade into the background unless you are right on top of them, so most of my time was shooting at the specks inside target indicators. Skirmish and one off scenarios seemed interesting, but after each mission devolved into warning alarms blaring continuously as all enemies seemed to have perfect locks on me at all times, to a point where I was being blown out of the sky watching missles make almost 90 degree turns to the back of my aircraft (if I saw a missle at all)-- I lost interest in that too.I'm just glad I got this on sale, super disappointed with everything else. Some reviewers seemed to have way better luck with this game and I wish I was one of them.TLDR: Player aircraft models look great, game runs smooth. Skirmish modes and Scenarios are a good idea but poorly executed and boring. Campaign is broken and unplayable for me right from the first mission."
,Recommended,242130,11828143,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Verm,"""Oh yeah, just weave through the missiles. What are you, NUTS?!"""
,Not Recommended,242130,22713390,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,A Bunny,"Tries to emulate Ace Combat (Not Horizon, other Ace Combats), but fails in many aspects.The flying is very stale and stable (you don't -feel- like you're in an actual Jet) and it sacrifices a lot of what made Ace Combat good in favor of, I guess, realism? Missiles are hardly responsive, voice acting is mediocre (not really bad a thing, but...) and the developers are full of themselves for releasing this as a FULL PRODUCT when the patch notes clearly state it's never even reached version 1.0 yet.This is still a frickin' beta."
,Recommended,242130,15851577,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Raven800,"At first glance this game looks like an Ace Combat clone. Well, in some aspects yes, however it's not entirely that. Vector Thrust borrows elements of the classic arcade style flight simulator, however keeps all the difficulty of realistic air combat. You have various different subsystems that you can enable or disable in your aircraft using the keyboard and while controlling all of your primary weapon and engine systems with your joypad or flight stick. Enemies aren't dumb as rocks waiting to get killed by incoming missiles and will use flares just like you to evade incoming projectiles, and they will organize themselves and cover each other as proper wingmen should, covering their allies as you engage them and even doing their best to distract you from your main objective. Its a bit refreshing to fight against a properly and equally matched AI.When playing this game, I was shot down on my second mission playing on normal difficulty. On any other game I probably would have thrown my arms up in rage and said ""screw this, this is stupid!"" but instead I smiled and nodded, accepting my defeat and coming to realize that this game doesn't treat you like the hotshot ace you think you are in Ace Combat. Aside from the game being in beta and using starter aircraft, the game didn't hold back, which in reality is ""normal"" behavior in a combat situation. I went off ahead of the squad and lost all my wingmen because I didn't properly cover them or cooperate with them, and as a result toward the end I was out performed and outnumbered ultimately leading to my failure, which is NORMAL in a combat situation, especially if you're in an aircraft unfit for long term dogfights like the starter aircraft.Normally when I want to truly enjoy an arcade sim like Ace Combat I crank up the difficulty to hard, which is rare for me to do in many other games because they often fall back on cheap gimmics like enemies that simply have more health than you and pinpoint accuracy, or enemies that are too aggressive and bullrush players into submission. Ace Combat would subvert this, but when I wanted to feel the thrill of having an equaly matched opponent and actually earn that ""ace"" status I'd turn it up to 11. Ace Combat however, excluding Assault Horizone, was a very story driven franchise, (which I loved before it turned into ""Call of Duty: Jets""), So it did very little to get in the way of progression, giving you just the right amount of challenge without making it too difficult to where you'd be stuck and frustrated with the game. Vector Thrust however treats each mission like an everyday sortie, and going it alone will only get you killed like the hotshot you are.This game has the potential to be something great and I hope they continue with what their doing. Realistic combat in an Arcade style simulator isn't all that bad. ""Operation Flashpoint: Red River"" is a decent example of that fusion of Call of Duty mixed with Arma style gameplay. I definitely recommend this to anyone into old school flight sims, but also what the ""pickup and play"" style of arcade flight sims."
,Recommended,242130,11906416,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,endcrab,"At time of writing this game is in EARLY ACCESS.The campaign missions are there, but there is no story yet. The challenge mode is not yet finished with many challenges needing to be fixed / implemented properly. There's a minor bug where the lead indicator disappears occasionally, and the targeting system badly needs a revamp.HOWEVER.This game has earned my full support at this time. I am rather strict about my standards for flight games. Everything, every single one gets put up against Freespace 2, because that was my first. If you look through my reviews, I blasted Strike Suit Zero, because it is utter garbage.This game is for lack of a better descriptor an ""Ace Combat clone"". That's a damn good thing. The only AC to come to PC has been that godawful Assault Horizon. This game is similar to Ace combat in basic arcade format gameplay, and it has all the basic features like radar, lots of missiles, etc. We've not had something like that to go to on PC, and now we do. It's not as hardcore as FS2 or Arma or Flaming Cliffs, but it's a good game for what it is.The core gameplay is very solid. The cannon is actually useful, missiles behave like missiles and require proper use instead of spam, AOA limit release makes for more interesting dogfights. The primary mode people play right now is Skirmish mode, which has these incredible mutators. It's got 00 Gundam's Trans-am in ""overdrive"", it's got basic mutators like guns only, it's got an Itano Circus mutator, it's even got an ""Eggplane"" mode that SDs all the planes. It's like big head mode for a flight game, and big head mode has always cracked me up.The game also advertises mod support. People have already produced new aircraft, and skins for existing aircraft, of course including idolm@s skins because I don't know how that caught on but I guess it's tradition now.This game is still early access, and it's rather bare bones at the moment, but it's a damn good showing so far and if it's complete state lives up to the dev's promises, it'll be a great game, better than Ace Combat's recent showings for sure."
,Not Recommended,242130,30361808,Posted: 6 March,all,Froz,"Pushed out of early access while still in an Alpha state, imo. Developer indicated continuing support and development, which lasted for a few months before communication ceased entirely. Stop me if you've heard any of this before.The game does have a modding community over on moddb, but it's probably best to check back in a few months to see if the dev ever came back. In the meantime, I can't recommend this, as it appears to be an abandoned early access game."
,Recommended,242130,15101985,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,MChronicleSword,"If you are familiar with Ace Combat, you'll feel right at home.  Will take you just a little bit of time to figure out how the game and controls work and it will be smooth sailing from there.  Controls with an xbox360 controller are just as they were on ye old console Ace Combat games.It's in early access but I haven't come across any bugs.  All I see that needs improvement is graphics refinement (a sharp grey circle for sun glare?? come on!!) and maybe content addition, both of which will come in time.Very few flight combat games can match the quality and feel of Ace Combat (and lets face it, most flight games downright suck) but Vector Thrust is the closest you can get to an Ace Combat feel.  After playing for about an hour I see it has a LOT of potential to dethrone Ace Combat, and I hope it does, since Namco has just about trashed the Ace Combat franchise and isn't listening to their fans.  For that reason, I think this game is very well worth the $20 price tag."
76561198049523883,Recommended,242130,11913148,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Enterprise 6580,"This game is AMAZING. I am a keen player of flight simulators, including games like FSX, X-plane, Il-2, Ace combat, HAWX and Over G just to name some. So in the beginig I wasn't sure what to make of this game; a flight sim in cel shaded cartoon, it shouldn't work but some how does. I didn't bat an eyelid at Borderlands or Robotech in cel shaded, but this dosn't seem right but is. The AI is insane, it actually learns your tactics. The third time of trying a challenge the AI knew what I was going to do and prepared for it, I was shot down instantly."
,Recommended,242130,11974580,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Misojner,"If you're in any way an Ace Combat fan, this game is for you.  It is in alpha, so it's awaiting a lot more content and polish.  That said, it's already shaping up to be a fantastic game."
,Not Recommended,242130,31034480,Posted: 9 April,all,Porter,Game is incomplete and appears to have been abandoned by the devs.
,Recommended,242130,12033485,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Dysthymaeon,"save your money buying HAWX or Ace Combat and buy this instead. Its Ace combat but moddable and the more content it gets the better. Fast paced action, manoeuvres, skills and making missions and skins make this game a joy to play but even more so to Mod. I have grown up with Ace Combat since AC2 and this brings back fond memories and nostalgia. Has a whole heap of cool planes fictional and real along with a bunch of what if? planes like super upgraded F-22s with canards. A load of different weapons and missile types keep things varied with enemy pilot chat further intensifies battles.10/10"
76561197979685235,Recommended,242130,13750917,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Infernus1986,"Vector Thrust is a simple fun ARCADE air combat game, If you liked games like Air force Delta or the older Ace Combat games you will love this.Really like the way unlocking of new planes is done through challenge missions that progress through a planes linage."
,Recommended,242130,11822161,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,"This game is a very solid Ace Combat clone, for a zero budget indie title. Def worth buying if you like game with jets on it."
,Recommended,242130,11826108,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,TuVok Shakur,All aboard the USS Nostalgia.
76561198077111628,Not Recommended,242130,22857046,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Phatnom,"Unfortunately I bought into the hype of this game. I was looking for a spiritual successor to the ace-combat series but was sorely dissapointed. Poor optimisation, repetitive gameplay and poor controller support destroyed this game for me."
76561198088188528,Not Recommended,242130,24820074,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,NASTYWOLF,Main game play is good and fun when it doesnt crash for no likely reason. Multiplayer was promised but never materialized. Ther is a join lobby tab that is always greyed out. You make your own lobby nobody joins because their join lobby is greyed out. But other than that it plays just fine. Should be a free download in my opinion. Sorry i got suckered in by the good reviews online. Oviously the devs had a lot of freinds online to make the game look good. The game has now been more or less abanndoned the devs making updates that absolutly do nothing to fix or change gameplay. Think they added some aircraft. Dont know why when you wont be able to use them in anything but battle scenario. So if you like getting told you are getting a finished game think twice about getting this one.
,Not Recommended,242130,23665108,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,seize the means,this game will never be finished and is rather♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not buy.
,Recommended,242130,24959933,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Gape Newell,"*Highly recommend a joy stick or gamepad, the keyboard controls are disorienting*I discovered this game and instantly decided I needed it in my collection. The unique art style as well as the ""arcade"" gameplay really sold it to me. It brings back memories of Ace Combat 4 Shattered Skies, which has a similar arcade style, and if you played Ace Combat 4 then you'll definitely feel at home with this title. The campaign was alright and there are only 2 other scenario missions to play afterward, but the various airplane family challenge missions are what really rack in the hours. This game features 260 flyable airplanes, many of which you must unlock through the challenge missions. I've logged 17 hours and only have 25% of the aircraft unlocked! One feature I though was genuine and cool was all the facts included about each individual airplane in each family. The game states the classification of the airplane (prototype, fictional, concept, mass production), year manufactured, and some history about the plane. I also found it neat that for the challenge missions you start out with the first ""version"" of the airplane, whether it be a prototype or concept, and work your way up to the most advanced variant of the airplane, which may be fictional. It's a great way to learn all the airplane variants. All in all this is a great game and I know I'll be playing it for quite a while, who knows what gems the challenge mode might contain. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys military airplanes, dogfighting, or Ace Combat. Maybe if this game picks up players, there will be massive online dogfights. Until then, keep em flying pilots, Over n’ out."
,Recommended,242130,21599561,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Aquila13,"It's the flight-shooting game which seems quite decent.Are you one of the Ace Combat series fan??Or do you like flight shooter with AOA system?Then this game is for you.Of course it's still buggy and unstable(It's yet completed after all), but the well-made gameplay and level design makes these negatives trivial.I would strongly recommend it."
76561197992463968,Recommended,242130,11941047,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,patrickbatemanv,Even at this stage fully worth the price of admission.  A good amount of content to play around with even this early.  Reccomended.
76561198004535830,Recommended,242130,12169256,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Skullduggery,"Vector Thrust is a fun spiritual successor to arcade flight sims like Ace Combat and Jane's ASF. It combines an excellent flight system with a surprising in-depth and large pool of aircraft, some modern, some historical, and others conceptual or fictional. If you are into arcade sims, you can't beat the game's bang for your buck.However it's still in development, and a good bit of content is unfinished and/or buggy."
76561198004296957,Recommended,242130,11910402,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,IntelCore,"After having flown a lot in War Rock and Battlefield 2, I have waited long for a game like this. It is a great game to play while listening to music, documentaries, podcasts etc.The only thing I miss so far is the ability to control the plane using a mouse, as in the previously mentioned games. While it is possible to reconfigure the controls to fly with a mouse, the control is hardly smooth, and sensitivity waaay too low for me (and as far as I can tell impossible to alter yet). I am forced to use wasd and arrows, which I find far less enjoyable.Still great for an early access game."
,Recommended,242130,11943292,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,corpse,"This game feels like Air Combat (PSX), Ace Combat 2(PSX),3(PSX), and 4 (PS2) all put into one title, plus when they add counter measures it might be up to par with leathel skies 2(PS2), but the damage system is still Air Combat like.  The only things missing are gunships and Heat Seeker's kill cams and you could get one hell of a game.Needs some more game modes for multiplayer but as an Early Access purchase It has enough content to keep you busy for hours.  Plus a map editor that allows you to build your own missions and game maps thats a plus in my book.  The game is open ended for modding I believe and has a huge line up of airplanes ranging from Fantasy to Real Aircarft.Other issues are the high pitched voices (can be turned off but devs are fixing with more voice actors) Dumb missles (arcade missle system, if it misses target first time it flys off into distance, could or might be adjusted to suit new countermeasure system) Missles that lock onto targets and don't track due to not right type of target (anti ship missle sometimes flys off if not right target). But to justify your purchase this is an Early Access game more content is on its way. So if you want to wait till it further develops then hold on to your cash and see where it goes but if you can't wait to play it buy it today not shabby title for $14.99(USD).I give this game a 9.5 out of 10.Edit 11/2/14: Map editor is extremely easy to use once you figure out the menus. You can make maps like a pro using the in game tool.  Still yet to figure out all of the controls and some features are wonky but Early Access game has time to be fixed before launch, still worth the $14.99 pledge."
,Recommended,242130,12173025,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,HDD Lambda //-11-\\,"Flying with F-14 and costum skin for it (Razgriz anyone?) has certain value in my memories.I think i should have paid more for this game. 15€ for this is robbery.Also:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorYo buddy, you still alive?Yes, Yes i am."
,Recommended,242130,12047823,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,BritishRabbit,"Brings back the Ace Combat nostalgia in full force with a selection of jets ranging from the mundane to the exotic, some of which I had no idea even existed before trying this game. As a huge plus it works wonderfully with PC Joysticks, something that Ace Combat: Assault Horizon can't claim.However on a down side the campaign content is very much a work in progress and the voice acting is rather odd... however considering it's an early access game I am not put out by this and consider it to be well worth the investment now just for the excellent gameplay."
76561198027680908,Recommended,242130,11904296,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,MasterBlaster,"The game is nowhere near complete and while my experience has been relatively bug free some folks have definitely experienced game breaking bugs. However, the entertainment factor of turning the AoA limiter off and pirouetting about the sky like a mad man , executing epic skids, and flying sideways all the while pelting your enemies with missiles and gunfire in true anime fashion is definitely worth the price of admission. I'm gonna be so sad when if/when it gets nerfed. ); My experience so far definitely rates an 8/10."
,Not Recommended,242130,23840473,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,KorkuVeren,"Should have copied AC controls verbatim. Nothing else comes close for a reason.EDIT:My knee jerk reaction was 'bleh not as good as AC'.The controls took a while to get used to; I'd accustomed to the clunky controls by the time I unlocked another plane and discovered that the planes flight models ranged from super responsive to god awful brick. I'm talking more of a difference than a Berkut and a A6-E in AC games. I personally would have started the player off with an F-4G.Despite my coming to grips with the controls (which are rebindable) I still do not recommend VT.- Bugs galore. The message for < HIT > or < MISS > comes up even when not relevant to my own armament. Dialog skips itself. Briefings are missing. The right shop doesn't always load. etc.- You thought dancing with angels was bad? Mmm.- Menus seem to require an xbox controller, keyboard, and mouse all working together to navigate. Maybe I am just noob, but I couldn't do everything with just the one input device.- The boresight needs a lot of work. Sort of defeats the purpose when it's just as frustrating as cycling global targets.- Game crashes frequently and inconsistently. This is the biggest gripe.- Briefings are skippable, cutscenes don't seem to be.- Ground textures are worse than ACX.All in all, a great effort from you Dev, but I'm dissapointed by the little things. Sorry I was so harsh with my original review."
76561198166620870,Not Recommended,242130,28230018,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"This game needs alot of work to make it better...Although I love cel-shading, it doesn't quite fit this particular genre of games. The campaign is so boring that I can't get into the game. Something is missing here.There are some variation of aircraft and game modes but the gameplay itself is lackluster. I requested a refund because it feels both unpolished and unfinished. Play RaidersSphere4th instead."
,Recommended,242130,14138133,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,jr.miqell,"Did Ubisoft broke your HAWX2?Well, time to quit selfpity & rage, because .... here we goooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Comix flavour to JET Heaven...... Takeoff"
,Not Recommended,242130,16882633,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Windy,"Unfortrently, i can't recommend this game yet, this is something i'd strongly suggest putting on your watch list and buying it later. I feel as if the game has been released a little too early and there are still issues from the Early Access still plaguing today, due to what appears to be the publisher making the developer release the game earlier than he would like it. I'd wait a few months down the line and see what kind of shape the game will be then, it still feels very ""Early Access"", even though it's been ""fully released"".Honestly, I'm not too sure what to think about Vector Thrust right now, and it would require more experementation to figure out what the key issues is, if you come expecting this to be a direct Ace Combat clone, you will run into a few problems since the game doesnt play like a direct Ace Combat clone. I don't think it helps that your starting planes are so low tier that you won't have a real clue on how the flying feels like until you go through challanges to unlock each plane seperately, and there are a lot of aircraft to unlock, perhaps too much at a glance. Plus, there are some challanges that are either just pure broken or harder than it should be, that doesnt really help things.I think whats throwing so many people off is that its not a direct Ace Combat clone, because of that. You end up playing this in the Ace Combat mindset and it ends up backfiring. This might have something to do with the flight model, or the planes. Or just the game in general. I'm not too sure.Let me do a proper review in the future, i'd really need to put more time into it but as of right now. I really can't recommend buying this right now, especially with the asking price being nearly £20, in the state that its in right now.Sorry, TimeSymmetry. I really didnt want to give you a negative review right now, seeing how you've been working on this since mid 2011, and what you have done is great. But it's still got some blatent issues that still show that Early Access mark, i hope you can fix up the game more in the future so it feels like a proper released game. I'll review the game near the end of the year and we'll see what happens then."
,Not Recommended,242130,16873079,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Rabid,"Another game that is Early Access and incomplete rushed out the door for no clear sane reason except trying to get a few dollars more.It has a lot of potential to be a great Arcade dog fighter and I have been eagerly waiting for it to be finished.Sadly it is indeed incomplete and not a full game , something the devs have even admitted and still has bugs that should not be in a game that is full release.For example change the language from 'default' to 'English' and all mode except Quick Action will make it crash. If you're firing your gun when the round ends the gun sound gets stuck, controller suport in menu is janky and not that smooth with game control either.Feels like the game uses it like a 4 way controller not 8 way, meaning turning your plane while climbing or diving is not smooth and has that clicky feel.The game and menus still have that in development look and feel.So I cannot in good concience at this time recommend it, if it were still in early access I would of said go for it.Best I can do now though is say keep an eye on it and reviews to see if it ever gets finished, as sadly experience with Early Access on Steam has shown me once a game is pushed out unfinished like this it's usually not long after the title is completely abandoned.Again, very dissapointing the devs and publisher decided to go this route. Hope they prove me wrong and we get a complete and polished game."
,Recommended,242130,14220296,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Potitoman,"This is an alpha? Man, it's way more polished than anythign Ubisoft releases as a finished AAA game.Good ontrols, fun combat and great fighter models.Sound and missions show they are certainly not finished but it's looking real good so far!"
,Recommended,242130,11828614,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Veryend,Cool game. Very similar with AceCombat.
,Recommended,242130,11941606,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,GomGom,"Very good game so far, aircrafts are well designed, commands are very good and the AI might dirves you MADThe only big things I miss here are towns... flying over deserts and seas might sound more realistic, like actual battlegrounds but I would love to fly throught buildings or under bridges! I don't know if something like that has been planned for the final release but it could be great.Otherwise i haven't found how to get rid of alarm noises O.o I might haven't search well enough and i have to admit that they are usefull but somehow annoying and you still have a visual warning on the HUD...Well... pretty fun game anyway. Basic, but fun. It has a great potential!"
76561198080602071,Recommended,242130,11942314,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Kira Von Black (JOOJKIIK),"If you ever wanted to be an employee of Project Aces,this is the game that makes you feel that delicious taste in your mouth.Develop,Make,Play,Battle and Live this amazing world. even in Early Beta stage it manages to Impress me in every way. it's simply awesome.Very great work guys. the only thing that needs to be done is iron out the bugs and add more content and facilitate the editors(even trough,i belive more than that is impossible). and in it's current state,it even permits you to mess with the little things that will make you occupied for literally forever.Recommended for all fans of the Ace Combat/Hawx series and Arcade Flight simulators. Give it a Try, you gonna love it,but take it easy with the bugs because it will crash a bit on you,just be warned."
,Recommended,242130,12181486,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,thm yrk,"Althought this game has multiple bugs and glitches, and many placeholders, it's still very fun, once you get a grasp, as the tutorial is pretty crapppy. Otherwise it's got greath flight mechanics and is very fun to play."
,Recommended,242130,12232224,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Birb Archer #TF2SP,"its Ace combat with a different style, different name, and a whole fleet of planes.I played ace combat since i was a little kid, it grew up with me until now. its a shame that there's no good flight arcade on PC nowadays (HAWX2 Is pretty Decent ish, ACAH is just Call of duty with planes.) but this, this is a masterpiece made by a single person, A SINGLE PERSON. He made a spiritual sucessor of a legendary game by himself. not to mention there's an active modding community too! Its still an ""Advanced Alpha"" game, but hell, it improves as time go on. i remember when this game has many bugs, but now, its not!It have plane skins and sound replacement mods, so you can play with Ace combat 3 Hud sounds, while Flying a MIG-33SS with an UPEO Skin. and aslo pretend you're playing an ace combat game. it's very good to see an arcade-ish flight game in the midst of Simulator here and there (i dont hate sims, i liked them.)if you like....-planes-ace combat-cel shading-air to air combat with mutators (instagib with planes!)-moddable game-Arcade style gamesBuy this."
76561198081470196,Recommended,242130,11916323,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,The Shogunwolf,a loyal representation of classical AceCombat flight
76561198012276873,Recommended,242130,12940353,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Paradoxity,"While it's very clearly still a work in progress, it's hard to not recommend this title. Why? It's effectively cel-shaded ace combat for the PC. The voice acting needs work (sound in general does), and if you don't detest the F-104 family by the time you're done with the challenges you're kind of strange, but other than that, for the price point (and keeping in mind it's not finished) it's a solid title."
,Recommended,242130,12908050,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Numet36,"If you are a fan of ace combat, hawx, over G or the likes, then this is a must buy. It's a great game even in alpha and is worth the $14.99 all day long. Also what other arcade flight game lets you not only fly an F-104 Starfighter but also its other variants."
,Not Recommended,242130,31079708,Posted: 11 April,all,ManHunter69,"This game has some sort of meltdown, for starters, the game worked perfectly without any glitch or flicker,now it can't even launch properly.One day I experienced the whitescreen during a Skrimish match and didn't see anything around me, including my aircraft, plus my radar was blank.After that incident, I can't normally launch it anymore, it's a complete fail!? x("
76561198091497887,Recommended,242130,12797074,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,sonic06,"I purchased this game after getting a Logitech Extreme 3D Pro joystick; It works with it perfectly.  It has not been finished, so the steam achievements will not light up.  It looks like a game that a child has put together with outdated software, but it has the most entertaining gameplay for a fighter application this year."
,Recommended,242130,16986626,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Vanguard,"This game rocks.The difficulty is far higher then the orignal ace combat games, with far more lethal AI and missiles that require players to accurately sync their flight path with a bandit before a kill. Happily the dialouge is as cheesy and painful as ever.On the downside menus are a little underpolished and a difficulty option wouldn't hurt espically for first timers.If your an AC fan pick this up."
76561198086525502,Not Recommended,242130,33303299,Posted: 6 July,all,GhostOfRazgriz,"Was in love with this game ever since it came onto the store. Sadly it's abondware at this point, the dev hasn't been on since last fall and there is no sign that he'll ever be back. A plethora of bugs linger in the game that cause crashes and minor issues. I had high hopes for this game, but it looks like there will never be another official update. The modding scene for the game isn't too bad, adding new skins and aircraft but other than that nothing about this is good. I really hope that the dev does come back at some point, but I won't hold my breath."
,Not Recommended,242130,22581689,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Victorious,"normally i really hate to leave negative reviews because i feel that all developers that know they only made a half game will finish it.But as an air simulator developer my self and part of the development of many air sims (india devs)i see it hard for this game to ever be finished, its like they update it every month but the update only works for a decent amount of people. becuase my version dont seems to get any of all the features that shows in the updates log,and they seems to have been laying a huge amount of their time in the aircraft development and skins but somehow they never make it to the game?normally this is the best part of an arcade aircraft game, but why make new planes when the old ones or the games basics isn't even half done yet?it is like battlefield 4 that were making new dlc's even through half the game was buggy and unfinished, they did fininsh f the game now however after alot of people complained.my solid point is, i think this game was made of people like me that loves aircraft games and wanted to make their own, to conmtrol it and keep it alive, but where they seperate from me is that i complete the things i began and dont stop before it is 100% ready.( and no i will not post any links to the games i developed or been helping with as that is against the steam policy to promote other products)been following it since alpha release on steam and were following it, on moddb when they first began, were afraid to buy it on moddb as it looked like a casual half done work but when it came on steam i had to try this out, because steam's policy was quite good when this game came on here, but to end this reviewIt is a decent game, but too overpriced compared to it stability and development, and many other flight sims can be released before this actually gets out of an real alpha state, because this is not a full release or a beta, and i know that.but try it out on a sale you will enjoy it for 4-5 hours and that is it,And no it doesn't look like ACE COMBAT at all, and i've been in contact with them for a long time and been a fan of their games, since 1998"
,Not Recommended,242130,30786947,Posted: 27 March,all,Aqua Vitae,"Short version: Abandoned early-access gameLong version:I'm going to start this off by saying I really wanted to reccomend this game. After so many years without a new Ace Combat game (and no, Assault Horizon was not an Ace Combat game; it just had the label slapped on), I was excited when this came out of early access.Starting off with the good: this game has a massive selection of aircraft, both real and fictional. Like, it's huge. The gameplay is also good: combat flows well and the controls feel like they should. It also has a single campaign which has a pretty standard arc of ""no-name pilot nobody's heard of turning the tide of a conflict to become a famous ace""This game has a ton of promise, and a lot of potential. It was in early access for a long time, and there was nearly constant feedback by the devs showing their progress. There was very steady progress, but eventually the publishers forced the devs to release early. Despite this, the devs acknowledged that it wasn't complete, and promised continual updates until it was done.The last update was in summer 2016, described as a ""quick update,"" and no dev has posted on the discussion board since then either. If you really want this one, I wouldn't pay the full $25 for it: it's just not finished. Definitely wait for a sale. Besides, with the upcoming announcement of Ace Combat 7, it's better to hold onto your pursestrings and wait for that."
,Recommended,242130,11959118,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,GlassFragments,Missile Guidance Simulator 2014
76561198138726580,Not Recommended,242130,26743465,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,doctor_capleson,"Really liked the idea, but the execution falls far short.Game is glitchy, buggy, generally sorta poopy.Random fail state bugs prevent single player campaign progression, and the frequent crashes ensured that if I got past a level somehow it would crash and not be saved. After replaying the first two missions over and over, continually failing arbitrarily unitl I pass and then game crashes and I start over, I uninstalled. Already sunk two hours into it, so there goes $24 I won't get back.It may be good, one day. Today though is not that day. Skip this one for now."
,Not Recommended,242130,32509030,Posted: 17 June,all,rmz,"Vector Thrust is a fast-paced single and mulltiplayer combat flight game, using a unique cel shaded art style. The game features 45 fully playable aircraft (different versions of some models up this number to 260).Two things first first. The game is really Early Access, not a full release. Game is dead. I could end here, but I'd like to say a few words about the game itself. And it could be fun. The cellshaded graphics doesn't look very amazing but it's quite serviceable and the inclusion of so many plane models makes the game varied, a little. Unfortunately the developer(s) abandoned the product halfway. I very much liked the idea of challenges where with progressing you would unlock new aircrafts. Unfortunately balance is so horrible that one (easy) challenge might be completed with eyes closed when the other (easy) challenge is literally impossible. But there is a campaign, right? Well, there is, it's just halfassed and not interesting in the slightest with similar crazy difficulty spikes. It's a pity that this one will never get completed as the basis is there. Just move on.I liked:* planes, lots of planes* the idea of challengesI disliked:* impossible difficulty* horrible campaign* the fact that the game will never be finishedBuy this if:* you like burning money, even then it might be better to just burn themDon't buy this if:* you expect anything"
,Not Recommended,242130,33282563,Posted: 5 July,all,Jellybum,"This game isn't finished, and it never will be. It's an abandoned early access title with so many bugs & missing features that it's unplayable. Refunded within 30 minutes of trying to play. Not worth it at 80% off, never mind full price."
,Recommended,242130,19171766,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,☭ L.e.i.k_,"After emailing to the developer I got hint from them how to unlock all aircrafts for my lil kid who loves just to fly 1 min on EVERY air fighter. I love this game too, it would be very very nice if you add some easy ability to paint aircraft bodies (for such feature I'm ready to pay <5$ as DLS or whatever). Or could you please give some hint how to change body colors? Compaign mode crashes, but I believe guys will fix that soon."
,Not Recommended,242130,30510036,Posted: 14 March,all,cool skull decals,"Dev failed to support this garbage, wait for Ace Combat 7."
76561198062972313,Recommended,242130,11895794,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Chipmunk of Vengeance,"The game currently is not great, but it ain't bad and it's quite nice to play, and obviously needs improving, but what can you say about a game in Alpha?It's very similar to Ace Combat and HAWK with some Tactical Shooter put into the mix with graphics being subpar, very similar to Borderlands, but graphics don't make a great game.So atm I rate the game like this:Gameplay: 7/10Fun Factor: 10/10Graphics: 8/10Playability: 10/10It's deffinatly worth money, and I highly reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,242130,33753984,Posted: 23 July,all,do not touch borf,terribly loud sound effectsalso abandonware
76561198040807162,Not Recommended,242130,24377619,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,TheJournier,"Ok, so here's the deal. On paper, this game is great. It's got a ""large"" selection of planes, from  what I see it has 3-5 gen. aircraft. And it looks like a looney toon version of classic Ace Combat (a simcade flying game from Playstation and Xbox). When it works it is fun and quite challenging (missle shots seem to miss a lot here).However this game is very buggy and it crashes. It's also incomplete. Here's my pro/con. list:Pros.1. Plays like ace combat.2. Has a decent selection of weapons/aircraft.3. A somewhat engaging storyline for an indie game.Cons.1. Voice  bugs (Sometimes the characters litterally scream in your ear too loud) or sometimes they are way way too quiet.2. Sound glitches, again the warning sounds and ambient sounds are glitchy and sometimes too quiet or way the hell too loud.3. Campaign is incomplete. You cannot get past mission 11-10? where you kill the prince... all that is left are invisible targets theres no completion. Inotherwords you cannot progress pass that.4. Model glitches, from hud view your plane is invisible (you only see your weapons).This game feels incomplete. So unfortunately I cannot recommend this game, unless they finish it by fixing the bugs."
,Recommended,242130,14709389,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Volk,Try playing this game while singing along to Aces High.10/10 would strain my larynx again.
,Not Recommended,242130,23745837,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,LoveKnife,"As a bigtime fan of the Ace Combat series and flight sims/arcade games in general, I really want this game to be good.The polish is just not there.Campaign mission design is atrocious (escort a dude out of the airspace in a straight line with no action for 5 minutes).The music is irritating, sounds like FSX stock music or something.The in-game cel-shaded graphics are beautiful though, sadly the same can't be said about the lackluster menus.I really love what they were going for and to be honest I hope many more follow this path, but sadly Vector Thrust does not deliver."
,Not Recommended,242130,14682284,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Charlie_Foxtrot,"The one outstanding feature of Vector Thust is the original music score. The devs really hit this one out of the park; not only is it nice to listen to, but it also fits perfectly with the overall theme this is one- and so far (sadly) the only- feature I feel has really been nailed.Gameplay. What's it like? While it can be satisfying in the correct circumstances, those are far too few and far between. In terms of the aircraft, there is a sweet spot in their mobility where they are just manouverable enough so that you don't feel like you are flying a bus, but not so agile that they are uncontrollable to mere mortals. Far too many aircraft in game fall on either side of this sweet spot, making them un fun to fly, especially when you are forced to for lack of viable alternatives.The Campaign. In a word: unfinnished. There is a near total lack of story telling, making it feel like a series of random missions. This is not helped by a complete lack of voice acting, which is important in making the player get to know their wingman and other charecters. In addition, both campaigns are very short, with no obvious continuity between them. This, however, seems the most fixable of all the games issues, provided it is not overlooked.As for the art style, that is clearly subjective and opinions will vary from person to person. Cell shading to me, however, feels like it is used either so that it is not necessary to create more realistic looking planes, or as a way for the game to make itself stand out, at the expense of the overall experience.tl;dr: This game has potential, however it needs lots of work before it becomes worthy of your cash."
76561197961708637,Recommended,242130,17656895,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Мечта,"This is more like Ace Combat than Ace Combat Assault Horizon.  I'd give it a 7.5/10 in its current state.Given the fact it was created on a microscopic budget compared to Ace Combat,  it is probably one of the closest ""clones"" that you'll find on the PC.  The game itself could use tweaking on dog fighting, environments are fairly bland, campaign mode could use a little more initiative and depth, and it is hit or miss on air craft selection.  Some air craft will actually perform differently than variant counterparts whilst others are more or less cosmetic/pallette swaps with a different variant name.  I've spent more than my recorded online time playing this as I play a great deal of games offline.  This one has a pretty large aircraft selection regardless of the swaps.I'd recommend this to anyone who loves arcade style flying games such as Air Combat.  You can tell the love for this game and genre of game is there with this dev and if this dev makes a few tweaks on some fairly basic issues (in other words polish this bad boy) and continues to show it love, this has the possiblilty of a 8.5-9.0/10 rating in my book."
76561198022164964,Recommended,242130,15620354,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,liberty_wings,"If you love Ace Combat, fast paced cel-shading action or simply you weren't good enough to join the Air Force, then Vector Thrust is the game for you! Sure, there are some very minor issues but still is a very enjoyable game! Also, on ModDb there are s*itloads of mods and skin packs from real life USAF or IAF squadrons to the fictional Ustio or ISAF plus some other various themed skin pack. Oh yes, the gameplay is balanced enough to give you a different dogfight every time you want, so if during the last game you played against potato level pilots, be aware that in the next game you may encounter Satan's jet.In the end, I really reccomend you this little masterpiece!Highway to the Danger Zone/ 10 would buzz the tower again!"
76561197969617590,Recommended,242130,19692998,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Hogge,"Great selection of planes, great graphics and very ambitious for an indie game.Problem is that the game is buggy beyond belief."
,Recommended,242130,20162615,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Senpai,"I have to recommend this game. It has it's fair share of things that need to be fixed; typos, dialogue not matching subtitles, etc. but the game plays wonderfully. Every time I find myself on the computer I play this game for at leasta  skirmish match. The modding community is very active, with many things from Ace Combat and Yukikaze finding their way into VT. To be honest, the only thing I don't like is the lack of a hangar plane selection screen in skirmish. (You can actually take planes straight out of the unpilotable categories and put them in the 'Airplane' folder, thus enabling them for skirmish and scenarios, and you can edit the game's main campaign and add what planes you wish to use.)ALSO: If you want to pick your targets carefully, use the boresight lock-on, don't use the 'change target' key. I believe boresight is CTRL?"
,Not Recommended,242130,31577852,Posted: 6 May,all,Commissar Laiton,"No updates in almost a year, lots of errors, ""challenges"" that are generally impossible, frequent crashes that delete progress. The only selling point is that it has a wide variety of weird aircraft and variants that imply the devs had some passion going into the project, once upon a time. Just ain't worth it."
76561198140586773,Recommended,242130,28572645,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Trav,"Fast fun, in terms of gameplay and how quickly you can jump into the action.Don't expect to go in guns blazing, though. Radar-guided missiles are the primary method of engaging enemies in this game."
,Recommended,242130,19812928,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,stubrier123,So I.ll give Vector Thrust my recomandation mainly for its gameplay however it has both its positives and negatives so here it isPros:Solid and Challanging gameplay which you have to stay alert or you.ll be shot out of the sky so quickly.There's some good music to it in some missions.A interesting campaign storyCons:A bit buggy and brokenMissile tracking is not that greatVoice acting isn't great quality and it skips most parts or doesn't say the dialoge at all.So my overall score is 7/10Not as good as the Original Ace Combat games but its still a decient game in my opinion.
76561198052595334,Recommended,242130,13991969,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Armwulf,"This game is currently incomplete, but so far the technical accuracy is great. At this time it only has a handful of aircraft, but it's very selective in the balance between RL accuracy and balanced gameplay.My only complaint in the style of the game thusfar, is the speed of it. The planes fly like bricks, all turning VERY slowly. The result is it doesn't have the twitchy fast paced combat I'm looking for, and very few manuevers will throw an opponent properly, because they're all so slow and easy to follow.That said, I am eager to see what this game will become, $15 being a very good price if it lives up to its POTENTIAL."
76561198119333495,Recommended,242130,12760746,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,AceCombatant161,"As glitchy as F***,it's like riding on a 3 legged horse with a bad case of indigestion,with rabiesYou MUST play with a joystick,with the keyboard? sure,but for anyone who played Ace Combat on consoles,you need some  secondary sense re-adjustingthe editor is just really complicated for me,IDK about you guys,but it feels like you have the tool,you just don't know how to use it..............................................................................10/10 would ignore all of the above,if you are a Ace Combat series fan who misses the glorious old days of Ace Combat,GET THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,242130,31784489,Posted: 16 May,all,Mitättömyys,I put more time into Ace Combat: Asault Horizon.Don't bother with this poor excuse and wait for AC7.
,Recommended,242130,32743143,Posted: 24 June,all,"—{ E5 }— Sergeant ""Brisket""",It's a bootleg ace combat and even manages to be more bombastic than HAWX(the first one since the second one was terrible)But I kinda liked it.
,Not Recommended,242130,25793611,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,sostrich,"Vector Thrust is an Ace combat clone that doesn't understand what made Ace Combat fun in the first place.If I had to sum it up in one word: Tedious.   The missions are long, boring, grinds that see you thrown up against seemingly endless waves of enemy fighters; which would be great if the combat was in any way enjoyable or varied.  The frusterating, overly-long missions lack checkpoints, targeting enemies involves cycling through every single target on the map (no prioritiziation based on range), and your missiles are nearly inneffective against manuvering targets.You're better off dragging your PS2 out of the closet, or buying one from a thrift store, and playing the real thing."
,Recommended,242130,14587638,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,S.T.A.R.S,Very good game. Just dont like the shaded look
76561197988463169,Recommended,242130,32854288,Posted: 27 June,all,bayruun,"Arcade air combat games are very much my cup of tea. Want to take an F-15 or a MiG up with minimal fuss and hardly any learning curve? These games are all about that.Vector Thrust is overall a really good arcade air combat game that mimics the feel of Ace Combat and HAWX, and, in my opinion, even outdoes the disappointing Ace Combat: Assault Horizons. The cell-shaded graphics look and feel great, the narrative isn't bad, and the gameplay is fast and exciting.The game offers a good array of beautiful aircraft, each with their own characteristics. Stealth and detection are represented in a fairly simple way - taking a stealthier aircraft confers some benefit but it doesn't seem decisive.It's not all good - some of the missions seem exceedingly difficult, and I'm personally stuck on one that doesn't seem to be particularly beatable. I'm told that this was the result of a patch that increased the effectiveness of a common missile, but I'm not certain. Some of the missions aren't laid out very clearly and mid-mission changes often have little to no explanation. While that's certainly realistic, it can make parts of the game a bit frustrating.Some of the missions appear to have no briefing or pre-mission narrative, which feels a bit jarring. It makes the game feel unfinished.However, for the game's faults, it remains a budget Ace Combat clone that generally plays well and is worth the money. I'd suggest getting this over Assault Horizon any day, but overall I felt HAWX was a better game.If you're looking for something to hold you over until AC7, Vector Thrust isn't a bad choice."
76561198115103295,Recommended,242130,24289289,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,assassin92xx,If you ever enjoyed playing ace combat on the playstation one then you should download this game
,Recommended,242130,13023137,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Striker115,We need someone to remake the AC4/5/0 campaigns for this game haha.
,Not Recommended,242130,22325760,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Noble Luna,"Just from looking at the trailers and game feature, you can tell the developer of this game is a huge Ace Combat fan (as is the target market for this game)Unfortunately it does not due a good job emulating the many things that series did well. Nor it is a good game overall.-Boring flying mechanics♥♥♥♥♥♥poor voice acting-Music is alright but the sound design is mediocre in general.-Controller support STILL broken-Combat is not engaging at all. It's a little hard to describe really, guns don't feel fun to use and missles are either completely useless or quite frankly boring to utilize.-Not immsersive at all: this is a HUGE breaker, the Ace Combat games really got you pumped up. I would feel patriotism for this fictional country I'm fighting for and even feel bad for the bogies you shot down in those games. Needless to say, Vector Thrust does not deliver that experience at all.To sum it all up:-Boring-Broken-Belongs-in-the-trashAhugedissapointment as I first followed this game on moddb, well before Steam early access was a thing."
76561198004035212,Recommended,242130,14414781,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,luxv66,"The game in its current state is missing a lot of features and there are a good amount of bugs but that's to be expected.That said, the game as it is is still a lot of fun if you enjoy an arcade-style fighter jet game. It is absolutely playable right now and it's probably the best out there today for this genre of game and looks to only get better as they finish the game. Well worth the current pirce in my opinion.Really looking forward to the final release!"
,Recommended,242130,14252602,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,LudicrousFox,"This game has great potential, needs work to the flight dynamics, maybe even voiceover since flying and reading atm is kinda hard to do. Missle evasion is a bit on the frustration...rock....paper...shot down. I really enjoyed play Vector thrust, but found my self getting very annoyed at the detection alert, its quite earpiercing. Overall this game will be a great arcade flyer once fully developed. i look forward to more updates."
76561198148501198,Recommended,242130,20989561,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,rapturedflight,"This game has mixed reviews because it's not a game. It is a work of art. Honestly, the cell-shaded planes are so pretty, I almost don't want to shoot them down! The music is exquisite. The post-apocalyptic premise is thought-provoking. And best of all, the mission editor. It's a simcade, but what it lacks in realism, it makes up for in surrealism. Some say it is unfinished, I say it is an unfinished symphony...or better yet, a ballet of bullets and barrel rolls, streaking missiles and falling shrapnel, where white fluffy clouds and billowing black smoke meet. Above a war weary world."
76561198062035448,Recommended,242130,19259050,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Trainacus,"This game is a masterpiece of flight combat simulator games, it was EXACTLY like the ace combat series, i can tell the devs worked very heard at this game iwth heart, if you devs see this nice job."
76561198135538727,Recommended,242130,20910099,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,DeadlyDan,First Impressions;Started 'Quick Action' and had so much fun I just continued doing that so far...Awesome game.
,Recommended,242130,20674611,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Cotton,"I can not and will not say this game is perfect in any way, shape, or form whatsoever. I'll say it up front, this is a buggy, crash-ridden game with a lot of half-baked content in it. There are a bunch of aircraft in the game you've probably never even heard of, and unlocking them is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥all the way through.The campaign isn't bad, nothing new or interesting, but not bad. It's like being a regular at a restaurant and ordering something good that you normally get. It doesn't push any bars, but it isn't awful. The only part of it that bugs me is the voice-acting, which needs some work. Everyone sounds disinterested, though the lore of the world itself is pretty interesting from what the campaign tells you.The gameplay is mostly trial-and-error. Once you learn the controls and spend some time beating the AI that tries so very hard to shoot you down even at lower levels, there's actually some meaning behind the consistent 'heroic'-sounding music that plays 24/7 while you're running down MiGs and bombers with your machine gun. Vector Thrust takes a lot from Ace Combat when it comes to boss encounters, you've got experimental superplanes and flying aerial battleships mixed in with the standard fighter jet fare.There's also an Editor mode, for those interested in making their own missions. This is what's got me sucked in for the most part. I've spent a fair amount of time on this thing, and still haven't figured out all these fancy commands and functions yet. It's also where I've gotten the most crashes, mostly from trying to make xbox heug scenarios.WOULD I RECOMMEND THIS GAME?Vector Thrust is still a very buggy, buggy mess. I don't personally believe that it should be out of Early Access at the moment, because a lot of people would pick this up and spit on it after about 10 minutes. Unfortunately, I've been sucked in with 50 hours of my life taken from this game way back in Early Access, and honestly have grown quite fond of it despite the flaws. It's not perfect, but it's fun to screw around with if you're a fan of arcade flight sims.If you're unwilling to spend $25 on a game that still has a long way to go in development, don't go for this. But if you want to appease your inner 'Maverick' and don't mind a game that's still very much a Beta, Vector Thrust is worth a try."
76561198039355619,Recommended,242130,21139236,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,mvr08,"Have really enjoyed this game so far.  Sure it has its faults but I haven't had any more crashes than any other game.  As a 20+ year veteran of flight sims I got more than I expected and the voice acting is just fine.  The customization and mod potential here is off the charts, if you haven't gone and downloaded the voicepack mods for skimish mode you are missing out.  Editor is just icing on the cake.  Hope the next patch has the F/A-18 and Mirage 2000 hint hint."
76561198114857783,Recommended,242130,21221361,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Reqviem Raven,"I really like this game!! I don't know why people comparing with Ace Combat, i've played ace combat:AH and i didn't like it at all...well it has ""flashy"" grapihics, but that's about it.It has a nice collection of planes (and they'll introduce more).Challenges to unlock planes are good (some of them buggy, but you can override or just pay pass points to buy the plane).Skirmish mode...i love skirmish mode, you can dogfight for hours (you make the settings about opponents/time/win conditions/type of match).You can create/edit missions in the editor...You can edit everything...even tweak the fly models a bit and armament. So i can say someone can make it more ""realistic"" ( not Realistic-realistic like DCs realistic) or even more arcade...The only bad thing so far is that the campaign lacks things here and there...and...it just needs more.Also skirmish mode needs a ground strike mode or something (because i haven't found any if it has...but still you can tweak things in edit and create  something like that).The other bad thing - if you can call it bad- is the lack of mouse aim control. So you'll either have to play with keyboard or just get a gamepad.I really like it for what it is (arcade sim?)... and i think the developers are making a good job so far."
,Not Recommended,242130,30605109,Posted: 18 March,all,Yutyrant95,"The UI is horrible. It has contoller support, but there is no clean transition between keyboard and mouse to contoller. I like the visuals and the idea behind it, but it needs a lot of work before I would ever buy it for more than $6"
,Not Recommended,242130,33294489,Posted: 5 July,all,scary looking soldier,"i started it up and it crashed many times, it was laggy as hell and yes my computer is fine."
,Not Recommended,242130,15939001,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,KaZumaTree,"RELEASE REVIEW:+ Ace Combat feel with a unique cell-shaded look. Dev's dedication to the Ace Combat formula shows in spades in the game mechanics.+ Solid flight mechanics with a touch of HAWX-like departure from forward flight to exceed safe angle-of-attack limits to aim one's weapons to the side, or behind you, at cost of airframe stress damage.+ large aircraft repertoire, which includes favorites such as the F-14 Tomcat, F-22 Raptor, etc with varying statistical differences between them, from air-to-air capability, to electronics sophistication, to airframe strength, to maneuverability, etc.+ larger weapons selection between each airframe, angled to the craft's strengths. An A-10 wont be carrying advanced A2A missiles, but neither will an F-22 carry the same ground-attack payload, nor the GAU-8 Avenger cannnon.- Campaign is VERY rough, and difficulty is sorely imbalanced against you.- Sound and V/O work is also very rough, oftentimes the volume between each spoken line is VASTLY different, causing near-ear-grating transitions. Constant engine sound is also of the same poor quality, as well as the menu selection.- Odd game balancing across several aircraft and weapon systems, and a clear ""power gap"" between aircraft and weapons between early campaign aircraft forced to fight superior numbers of later aircraft, with better missiles vs weaker airframes, and the weakness of missile tracking.TL;DRFans of Ace Combat will find a solid (if extremely rough) successor to the Ace Combat formula in this game. The roughness of the campaign and V/O work however is a large deal-breaker however and as such has led me to the same recommendation I have in my Early Access Review, seen below. It is a wait-and-see. An updated review will be posted once several of the issues mentioned have had some work done on them, and I would not be surprised if my overall recommendation changes to suit.ORIGINAL EARLY ACCESS REVIEW:I wholeheartedly recommend this game for fans of Ace Combat and similar games, but not at this time, due to the unfinished and unpolished nature it is in at the moment. If and when it is in a more complete state, my recommendation will henceforth be changed posthaste, and a more complete review will follow."
,Not Recommended,242130,35091478,Posted: 20 September,all,WHITE SCAR,"STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME. UNLESS YOU DON'T CARE WHAT FREQUENT RESTARTS CAN DO TO YOUR PC.ONE:THIS GAME WILL CRASH EVERY FRIGGING TIME DURING QUICK MISSIONS.EVERY FRIGGING TIME.LUCKILY NOW YOU ARE BACK ON DESKTOP.TWO:IF THAT WASN'T AWKWARD ENOUGH..IT LOCKS-UP YOUR PC, AND HIDES YOUR MOUSE CURSOR.THEN YOUR GAME SCREEN GOES BLACK, TRUST ME THERES NO WAY YOU CAN ALT-TAB YOURSELF OUT OF THE GAME OR ALT-F4 TO EXIT THE GAME.NOT EVEN TASK MANAGER WORKS. IT IS OVERLAID BY THE BLACK SCREEN.THEN YOUR SCREEN STAYS BLACK FOREVER.YOU ARE TOTALLY STUCK.YOU WILL ONLY BE ABLE TO SHUT DOWN OR RESTART YOUR PC.JUST BUY OR REPLAY ACE COMBAT FOR THE SAKE OF CUT-SCENES."
,Not Recommended,242130,16851660,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Jeff the Smug,NO COCKPITS
76561197972138867,Not Recommended,242130,16081872,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ViolaJay,"Fan of Ace Combat series, HAWX series, etc.  Flight sim fan since Commodore 64 days, loving both serious and silly levels, as long as it involves flying.  I wanted to give this one a try because the cell-shaded graphics had a Area 88 feel to it.  Never really felt any fun playing it, though.  Nothing stood out."
76561198060617358,Not Recommended,242130,16869506,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Armyguy227,this is not a fully finished  game this should be going into early access at this stage not coming out of it
76561198023282229,Recommended,242130,16874602,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Seraphim,"honeslty i prefer Flight sim games that are well...sim, such as DCS, however this game remindes me on the anime Area 88 and i am enjoying it so far, i do use a flight stick and have custome bound the keys to my liking so in regards to many other reviews stating that the controls are sloppy i cant comment as it two different things mouse and keyboard vs flight stick. i do hope they get around to making an in cockpit view for the aircraft and eventually fush out and detail some of the terrain, but overall i am enjoying this game for what it is, arcade flight..."
,Recommended,242130,16284195,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Chief,"This game is probably as close as we're going to get to an Ace Combat game on PC that isn't Assault Horizon.It does a really good job of capturing the aspects that make Ace Combat great with tons of planes, satisfying dogfights, and tight flight controls.  It's a lot more challenging than AC or other arcade flight sims, there is no ""enter dogfight mode"" to look at pretty explosions on rails and  win instantly like in Assault Horizon.Since it's in Early Access right now, its a little barebones in terms of content. I think only one plane has a modeled cockpit right now, and even then it is untextured.  I like how the developer tried to do the constant radio chatter thing that AC does, but the voice acting could use some serious work. The UI and map textures could use some major work as well. I think with some more polish, it could be an even better game."
,Recommended,242130,16660362,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,I.A.A.N,"I feel like the ""Editor"" could be a little more user friendly, Maybe its just me but if the editor was more like the ""Arma Armed Assault"" Editor it would be perfectI feel like the ""Editor"" could be a little more user friendly, Maybe its just me but if the editor was more like the ""Arma Armed Assault"" Editor it would be perfect but that just my opinion, this game is gonna be the best Air Combat game for PC!  but that just my opinion, this game is gonna be the best Air Combat game for PC! IGN 10/10 Best Air Combat Of The Year !"
,Not Recommended,242130,24298439,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,demo,"Ugh. I found it IMPOSSIBLE to play this.The graphics are nice and the flight controls are fine (once set up by YOU...,The default control settings are ridiculous so need attention before you can fly, whoever set them that way was having a laugh). but what I just can`t abide is the way the HUD (or plane itself if on external view), LEAPS around the screen completely disorienting me. In cockpit mode this effect was so pronounced that my hud spent most of it`s time either on the far left of the screen or just doing the dance of the sugar plum fairy all over the screen as I manouvered. (Theres a ""Static"" setting in the CP for the view/cam but it doesn`t seem to make any difference). If you could turn that effect off the game would be fine.It`s a game breaker for me as I become so disoriented that I lose sight of what I`m shooting at.I bought it on offer so am not going to bother refunding, (at least I`ll get the trading cards...) But if I had paid full price (£19), I`d be asking for my money back.I also noticed that the missiles are more or less useless, even with a ""lock on"", 9 out of 10 completely miss the aircraft they`re locked onto, which makes it very frustrating to say the least."
76561198071499258,Not Recommended,242130,19256484,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,TheGreatLordofBadgers,I really wanted to like this game. I really really did. But the missles are useless and that makes this game unplayable. PLEASE fix this.
76561198123064334,Recommended,242130,11879456,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,buzzlevifc,"Hello,It would be nice to play game but game will  not launch after being loaded and reinstalled can you help otherwise arefunded would be appreciated?"
,Recommended,242130,14783729,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Nedivi,Can't recommend this enough for someone that has already played any Ace Combat game. Absolutely love the cel shading as well. 10/10.
76561198327614212,Recommended,242130,34341903,Posted: 18 August,all,✪WarWolf Woo✪,This shick good
,Not Recommended,242130,19049870,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Tibbles,"I'd love to say I enjoyed playing this game.Except I'd need to boot it sucessfully first in order to do that and unfortunately, on my machine, the game freezes on boot.I went to the forums to see if this was a known issue, saw a post over a week old  from someone with the same issue who had gone to the trouble of posting a detailed log.For their trouble, they received no response from anyone - fan or developer.Welp, thank goodness for refunds!"
76561197966595640,Not Recommended,242130,30286115,Posted: 2 March,all,Sitoutumaton,"As of this review's authoring 3-3-2017 I cannot recommend this game for purchase.There is much potential in this, it has all the provisions for modding in new planes, new skins ans creating one's own missions and campaigns. The developers have seen lot of work to dig most obscure prototypes and developmental phases of featured airplanes. There is even a difficulty setting for ""realistic"" weapon performance, which makes missiles imitate their real-world counterparts' performance in lock-on range, turning and destructiveness.Sadly most of it is squandered at the moment with performance rife with bugs. The infamous challenges to unlock more planes outside campaign were generated by computer, resulting in numerous broken or sadistic unlocking requirements. The lone campaign Hollow Thunder offers some content with nice exposition of the game setting, but gameplay occasionally suffers from bugs.Right now I wouldn't recommend this to anyone unless they were hardcore Ace Combat fan and tolerant of essentially playing a beta version of the game."
,Recommended,242130,16873246,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Grand Admiral JumpinJac,"So I was flying my Su-35 in persuit of another person then someone at my six starts lobbing missiles my direction. So I spin my plane around 180 target him then fire two missiles his direction. Both hit, he goes down then I spin 180 again then continue persuit of the plane I was targeting before. And that is the summary of my best gaming moment."
,Not Recommended,242130,34522068,Posted: 26 August,all,The Thing,"""Finished game"""
,Not Recommended,242130,34612947,Posted: 30 August,all,Mighty3 13,Not a finished game. Bought it in early access and it hasn't changed much. It's a buggy mess and I can't even finish the first campaign mission since it randomly fails. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,242130,32673092,Posted: 23 June,all,Tsukuyomi,"♥♥♥♥♥game,no checkpoint,stall everytime with everyplane if you dont thrust it,that♥♥♥♥♥♥ghame,dont buy this,go to play hawk again"
76561198016000300,Not Recommended,242130,26040549,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,AnimalMother_FMJ,"This game has potential, the graphics are there, but the game play isn't. Polish up the physics, add real cockpit views, make the physics funner/ easier for average players. Simplify the controls, who needs to switch engines? Make it easy for an Xbox controler user to pick up and have fun. Las but not least, get rid of that corny music. It's bad, I tried beating the invincible fighters in the first mission and that cloud dancing music had me seeing bears & unicors wearing bondage gear in my nightmares that night.  Honestly save your $$$ until the developers simplify the controls, and make it easier to kill targets."
,Recommended,242130,15067660,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,JOHN PLASMA,"Now with the recent update, this is actually an Ace Combat 5 clone game I need to play.You can fight a big a ship and kamikazi.11/10"
76561198088392978,Recommended,242130,16019431,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Ze German Fox 狐,Has Potential to be the PC equivalent of the Ace Combat franchise. It needs work though. Give it a while to get out of Early Access before buying
,Recommended,242130,17624266,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,PandaKingJames,"This is a game I would recommend when it goes on sale. As a hardcore Ace Combat this game feels like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of Ace Combat trying to show it belongs to the family. The core flight mechanics are there and each plane has a unique feel handling to them but the issue comes with everything else. THe graphics are okay but you know the cell shading is hiding something the entire time and the ground textures just seem to be lazy with barely any geography at moments. The missiles in this game are horribly inaccurate and the AI seems to have better ones as they can kill you while you are pulling moves top gun would be proud of. The campaign is a bit of a let down as they only use slides and mid-mission dialogue to tell stories. Again, the game is fun and isn't bad for the price but as a spiritual successor to the king aracade flight games, it has a LONG way to go."
,Not Recommended,242130,25704485,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Suz93Koff04,"第一关就有bug，敌全灭然后莫名任务失败...和AC比这款游戏少降落和空中加油，没有驾驶舱模式，HUD模式手感非常奇怪，像开船一样...当然也多了一些东西，比如全弹发射模式，比如暗剑uav和歼31(虽然这些东西没有任何可能拿到官方认证，性能参数就是胡乱放上去的）。总体印象，玩起来不太像是正常出货的产品。在等待退款时，我试着用任务编辑器debug第一关看看能不能修复bug让我过关卡，但是很遗憾无功而返...一种似曾相识的挫败感扑面而来~The very first campaign mission is well guarded by bug. You cannot clear it even after destorying all enemies and keeping your highness VIP in air...Compared to Ace Combat, this game lacks: cockpit mode, landing and air refueling, very strange handling in hud mode makes you feeling like steering a boat...Surely this game has something new, like full burst fire(dump all ammo) mode, rare Chinese Shadow Blade UAV and J-31 (though it is impossible to be an official approved feature as even we Chinese gamers don't know how they manuver in real combat training).Anyway it does not work like a decently released game. While waiting for refund, I tried to fix mission 1 with included mission editor. After rounds of attempt, I give up, feeling more like a IC design engineer sitting in front of a Verigy 93000..."
,Recommended,242130,14956488,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,"Arcadey flight sim type game, very much like a cel-shaded Ace Combat. It doesn't have voices (yet, and I don't know if they're coming), or cockpit views, but that aside it's almost exactly like AC. It has a metric ton of aircraft, although unlocking them is a bit weird, and it's not apparent at first which modes are for what. There is a never-ending mode that drops you into a random craft doing various team dogfights with and against bots, which is more engaging than it would be just by virtue of the fact that you never know what you'll be flying next, or what you'll be flying against.Guns are well done, particularly, and dogfighting with cannons is satisfying. Taking out a 2000s era aircraft with the cannon on a 1970s MIG is a blast. They even replicate somewhat the different firing modes between the old style cannons and the new chain guns, with the chain guns taking just a slight pause to get to speed before firing.There are countermeasures, too, which are a nice addition. Some changes have been made to the world maps and they are looking much better, with the occasional city dotting the landscape, I hope the dev continues to refine this aspect of the game before release.The campaign will be immediately familiar to AC fans, as will the majority of the controls. The biggest and most obvious change is to the art style, which took me a while to warm up to, however the counter-balance to the less-realistic looks is the sheer quantity of jets you can choose to pilot; there's so many that I can't list them all here, almost every single aircraft you could name, and a lot you've never heard of as well (prototypes and so on), many with designs looking like something out of 1970s/80s Robotech anime.If you like serious flying games, this won't do anything for you, but if you ditched your console a while back and have an itch for some Ace Combat that you like to scratch now and then, check this out."
76561198057966541,Not Recommended,242130,22886856,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Hey Gravy!,"I'd really like to recomend this game. I bought it in late 2014 in Early Access because I wanted an Ace Combat style experience on PC. I liked the cel-shade look of the aircraft, and the ""arcade but not quite"" use of weapons and ammo.And I absolutely love the number of real life aircraft variants. But I couldn't play it in EA due to frequent crashes.Now the game is complete, I haven't had any issue with crashes, but I cannot deal with the game controls. Vector Thrust is controller supported,but not controller only. Switching between M+KB in the menus and controller in flight is annoying to me. And Vector Thrust HATES Steam Controllers.Maybe I'll find a set of keybinds and controller options that work,  but everytime I need to make changes, I need to return to  the main menu to do it.So. good game. just not for lazy couch casuals like me."
,Recommended,242130,22761974,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Acrux∞,"Lots of negetive reviews for this amazing game. let's bring it down.If you're a guy who loves story and campaign mode, you'll have a little disappointment because of the bugs and the aweful voice acting.If you're expecting this game to be a flight simulator, its not. Its more of a realistic-ish arcade.But if you're an average ace combatant who wants to have fun overally, you're going to enjoy this the graphics are cartoony yet amazing, the physics are good, aircrafts' aerodynamics are great There's also a crap ton of aircrafts in here. Gamemodes such as Skirmish mode where you dogfight with A.I with your customized settings. Challenge mode to unlock further more aircraft variants in a Family format through completing fun and competitive challenges. Editor mode to create missions/campaign, and honestly I'm having a good time creating Fan-based Ace Combat missions. Along with Campaign mode and Multiplayer mode.Also to enhance your gaming experience, this game supports modifications, which you can download custom aircrafts, paint schemes, missions, improvements, and custom audio from the modding websiteModDB.comand also Steam Workshop.PROS:●Good Graphics●Great Physics and Aircraft Aerodynamics●Great A.I●Large Variety of Real and Fictional Aircrafts●Artistic Paint Schemes●Good Selection of Gamemodes●Accurate Aircraft and Weapon description/details●Includes Editor mode●Supports Modding●Supports Steam Workshop●Awesome job for a single DeveloperCONS:●Buggy and Crashy Campaign●Awful Missile Physics (Can be revived by a mod)●Bugs on some Challenges●Complicated Editor Mod●Can get bored of in a short time (Download some mods to get the hype back again).Don't forget to enable the AOA!"
,Not Recommended,242130,22509241,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ackman,I'm really sad this is a broken game.
,Recommended,242130,15574719,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Reptilienski,"The first game I have to sit tight and play.So much potential and can't end in making missions in editor.No way to play this game without mods,the mods are the really best part of this game,and that also make me and my friends start to make mods by ourselves!You would found a lot in VT,it's not just a AC kind game but a playground and you're the one who decided how to play it."
,Not Recommended,242130,34868741,Posted: 10 September,all,Liang Qi,"As long as you don't want to play the campaign, quick missions, or use any modern planes, go ahead and buy it."
76561198009401774,Not Recommended,242130,11934467,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,blasterchief,I would recommend to wait untill the full release as there way too many bugs and glitches and the level and mission designs need to be redone
,Not Recommended,242130,16870171,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Dessert Fox,"""12 Missiles a Hit"""
,Not Recommended,242130,16866820,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kermit The Frog,"Clumsy and rough around the edges.Of particular note is how poor guns are, you see target lead boxes which frequently stutter, making getting guns on a target finicky and unsatisfying.Many jets have just been added for this retail launch without unlock challenges as well, such as the F35 A/C variants.Was excusable as early access game, but as retail, I would not reccomend and hope that they patch up the game."
,Recommended,242130,14273337,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Giftshop,While it still has the typical quirks one would expect of an EA game it's fairly stable and plays well.If you're itching for more Ace Combat-ish gameplay the Quick Action and Challenge modes alone may be worth the price of admission.
,Not Recommended,242130,17984042,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,donkey tron,"6/10, taken out of early access a little too early.."
,Recommended,242130,15606977,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Super Alexa,Beautiful cel shaded models.The gameplay is like Ace Combat 1~5 and X10/10Ace Combat vet
,Recommended,242130,16346409,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Reaper-01,Ace Combat Gameplay with improvement+Borderland GraphicGood games but I really could use a voice for naratorIT kind a hard to do 8G while shooting at enemy bomber and reading the dialogueGood and Fun game though
,Not Recommended,242130,17180525,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,[Gp] Zephy ??,"DO NOT BELIEVE the introduction of this game.Slow-paced, boring as hell, target lock on feels like trying to put your leg over your head.The main menu looks like it is from $5 cheap indie game, even I set my difficulty to easy,you always will run out of mssl or gun.Missile will always miss if you do not shoot it in perfect timing,you will have to wait for enemy pilot picks his nose and fall asleep and ready for get hit by you.if you are a casual arcade style flight game fan, such as Ace Combat or Hawx,this game is not for you.  Good Bye.However,  the Cell-Shaded aircraft model looked awesome.Game has been uninstalled after 30 mins of play, what a waste of my good money."
,Not Recommended,242130,21231591,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ShiroKei,"I like war planes, I bought most of the games I can find about them. But this one is total waste.Bad mechanics, stupid intructions, stupid sound tracks.JUST DON'T BUY THIS."
,Recommended,242130,13823907,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,qngage,Mmmmmhhh... i smell ace combat style of play... also a bit of borderlands kinda art...love it? definitely!!! :D
76561197976684435,Not Recommended,242130,14273807,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,cnr,"Crappy, unfinished game.The sound effects are all beeps and boops.Controller support sucks - unplayable.Valve should change the words ""early access"" to ""unfinished project""."
76561198005851839,Recommended,242130,15804365,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,legendarymass,"slowly but surely this is becoming the true ace combat sequel.  If you liked ace combat 4,5 and 6 then you will like this game.  would like to see wingmen in future updates."
76561198079488018,Recommended,242130,16856116,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Full Metal Jesus,"It's alright, it has it's problems but if you're really looking for a game like the older Ace Combats, then this should satisfy a little bit. Missiles should probably be more accurate but I find it a fun game. Has full control remapping so you can change to your liking."
76561197970719220,Not Recommended,242130,34360715,Posted: 19 August,all,AStickInTheEye,Hope they let joystick users configure for flying. Will not even consider the popular Logitech Extreme 3D Pro.
,Not Recommended,242130,33083912,Posted: 1 July,all,9WhiteMask,"Well, it's a no-no when there's a bug at the very first mission, which teleport you and don't give you the right angle to continue, making you fail the mission 2 second after you got the mission update.Since I'm made enough such for this, I think I won't give more time in it and put it in the trash bag category right this instant..."
76561197982497309,Not Recommended,242130,19361352,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,FOX[S.T.A.R.S.],"I thought it is a joke, but the playing the game is like reading old comics. Therible Graphic!"
76561198029295678,Not Recommended,242130,16934312,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Clone155,The missiles don't hit unless you are literally directly behind them. A vast majority of the kills I've made are from the guns. Dissapointed with this.
76561198047465978,Not Recommended,242130,17046425,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,TrentenDegreth,crappy uncustomizabale controls. couldnt get past that
76561198073439022,Not Recommended,242130,19822377,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Major Mishap,"Control options for this game disconnect you from any aircraft you fly. Sluggish, if not completely unresponsive. This game should have its ""Simulation"" tag removed. I really wanted to like this game too due to its numerous modes and aircraft available. Sadly this will be yet another game that sits in my library for no reason other than to remind me that I wasted $25......"
,Not Recommended,242130,20354278,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GobHoblin87,"I rarely leave reviews but this one certainly warrants one; and not for good reason. I really wish I could recommend this because it has such great potential, but the game has way too many bugs and the controls are practically broken. The default controls are terrible for both gamepad and HOTAS, and you can't even rebind the controls because of a bug that prevents you from doing so. This was released from early access way too soon and the developer is slow to act and slow to respond to players. This game would be great if it wasn't so buggy. I recommend avoiding this for now, but maybe keep an eye on it and see if the developer updates and patches the game in time."
76561198063794048,Recommended,242130,30745280,Posted: 26 March,all,cammando205,"8/10, pretty fun if you like flight games.  The cel shaded graphics are nice, and there's a huge variety of aircraft.  Take the Mig-21 for example.  Most games will have the ""Mig-21"".  This game has the Mig-21 family.  In other words, it not only includes a lot of aircraft, but it includes the different versions of each aircraft as well.  Unfortunately the game is hampered by a lot of bugs, especially in the campaign.  You can still however have a lot of fun in skirmishes and there are numerous user-made campaigns you can download.  If you've been looking for a PC alternative to the console-exclusive Ace Combat series this is a pretty good option."
,Not Recommended,242130,16852922,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Boat,"I want to like this game so bad but the lack of polish on launch and clunky combat make it hard.Pros:Good selection of aircraft.Some aircraft variants are really cool (twin hull F-104, NASA solid booster trainer)Almost captures that Ace Combat feel.Good music.Multiple ways to unlock aircraft.Cons:Every aircraft family is padded out with tons of useless variants with no noticeable gameplay differences from each other.Feels kinda slow and clunky for a arcade game.Serious lack of polish in the menus.The devs have come a long way from alpha so I'm pretty sure in the next few weeks/months the game will get fixed up, but for right now it's hard to recommend at the launch price."
,Not Recommended,242130,14216115,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Birdgang,"That I can't fly with the mouse means I can't recommend it. There's also no way to edit controls in mission. Mouse control for this game is a MUST for me. I'll try it again sometime, but this won't be getting a thumbs up until I can use the mouse for flying."
76561198120083157,Not Recommended,242130,16893840,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,yukatea,waste of money
,Recommended,242130,27679894,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LePigeonix,vv ez
76561198204525367,Not Recommended,242130,19104845,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,ZACH,it wont even let me in the game keeps saying something about an OGRE Exeption DIRECT 3D9 DEVICE is needed or something like that. anyone who knows anything about it contact the game producer
76561198255563756,Not Recommended,242130,22119159,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,KingEdward93,fix the Controller for XBOX360 and XBOX ONE.. did you even test your F****ing game before you advertise on STEAM that you're game compatable as full controller support??
,Not Recommended,242130,18211460,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kaiser Kane,"Lots of bugs and crashes often. It's a shame too, because the gameplay itself was pretty fun! Either way, as of Sep 2015 it isn't worth the trouble."
,Not Recommended,242130,17037820,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,-⑨- Heartfelt Fancy,"Meh. I guess this is the best we can ask for without military advisors of the caliber that worked on Ace Combat. It's fun to have another modern aircraft sim, but even HAWX is a better video game."
,Not Recommended,242130,22839354,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,archaznable,The game is not working anymore the last time I played it
76561197985847263,Not Recommended,242130,18140766,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,[LoR] Team Triss,"I wanted to love this game.  Really, I did.  As an avid fan of the second gen Ace Combat games (4, 5, Zero, and then 6 on XB360), this looked like it would fill the void left after my PS2 and XB360 went off to meet the great HDTV in the sky.Unfortunately, I couldn't play the game.  Despite numerous troubleshooting steps posted in the forums, including reverting back to an older version the dev had uploaded as a beta branch, the game just would not start for me.  As it turns out, the crashes on startup were directly related to my controller being connected to my PC.  It was an NVidia Shield controller which requires no special drivers and should function as a standard Xbox controller.I did what any good gamer would do; made a few posts on the forums in the relevant topics, uploaded the requested logs and system specs, and waited.  And waited.  And waited.  I heard nothing.I realize that TimeSymmetry is just a one-man outfit (or close to it), and there are rumors swirling around the forums about Iceburg forcing him to release from EA early, and that he's released some patches since official release, so it was with a heavy heart that after 1.5 weeks and under 20 minutes played, I submitted a refund request from Steam.I wanted to love Vector Thrust, and I will check back from time to time, but in its present state I can't in good conscience recommend it."
76561197971465353,Not Recommended,242130,14357091,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Lazerdog,This game does not support my Thrustmaster T.flight Stick X joystick and I refuse to play the game using the keyboard.
,Not Recommended,242130,13674427,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[Anna]Riff Raff,"This game has some potential to be good but the controls are just awful, I have switch them around many times to find a good solution and nothing has been working for me. Another thing no cockpit view, there are two camera modes ""cockpit"" and ""outside"", the cockpit mode is just the camera in from of the plane and is not a cockpit at all and the outside mode is just a 3rd person view. The last thing is the maps dont look...appealing, they look dull and ugly. That said I realize this in a WIP game, all im saying is dont buy it yet."
76561198013162115,Not Recommended,242130,19448310,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,CannonSong,"Roses are red,Violets are blue,This game is bad.Buy IL-2."
76561197969442779,Not Recommended,242130,17931582,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,EasyPrey,"Even if it was free, don't get it."
,Not Recommended,242130,20529047,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Rip,i voiced Prince Clovis in thisi hope you can get up to that fight
,Not Recommended,242130,12181794,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,HTWingNut,Just bought the game. Won't even start. Seems this is a common issue. Don't bother buying until it's fixed.
,Not Recommended,242130,13153563,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ghost Machine,"I really wanted to like this game as I think that there needs to be more flight sims / arcade on Steam, that being said I did not find much to enjoy in this Early Access release. I think the cel shading is ugly and does not add anything to the already lacking visuals. The envirnoments are flat and uninteresting, mostly consisting of sparce flat billboard trees and a gradient horizon to indicate if you're facing up or not.The missions are exceedingly basic and monotonous, usually consisting of flying over large expanses of empty space, only to engage in a overly simple task, or a incredibly imbalanced difficult one. In the case of the latter, your ship will immediately disintigrate and you'll be forced to make the trek over the map once again.The game UI is hideous and would have looked out of place in a Top Gun movie. While the ships look like someone traced diagram schematics and put them into the game as is. This game is costs a premium price but does not deliver a premium experience. Early Access or not, there are no elements in the design of this game that would make me feel at any stage that I got my moneys worth."
76561198009294773,Not Recommended,242130,16566459,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,KonamiDidEverythingWrong,An F-104 did a Pugachev Cobra to avoid my missiles. Tried to replicate said manouver and died.14/10 would ask for money back again.
76561197979912178,Not Recommended,242130,13513905,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Obi_wang,I cannot in good conscience reccommend this game. If you try to play with a joystick it simply does not work. Controls are frustrating and gameplay is about as clear as mud. Don't waste your money just play World of Warplanes or War Thunder.
76561198075488993,Not Recommended,242130,25614888,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Spicy_Noodles,I installed this game to give it a second try after rage quitting. I wish I didn't. I couldn't even get past the first mission.
,Not Recommended,242130,13033768,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Dank Hill,Another early access game that gives nothing and gives meaningless updates at a glacial pace
,Not Recommended,242130,11878324,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,oncall,"Can't even get it to launch because of the audio device bug everyone seems to be getting. Spend your $14 elsewhere until it's fixed. I recommend finding a copy of Strike Fighters 2 and its expansions. Tons of customization in that game. Or, you could just boot up your PS2 and rock out on some actual Ace Combat. I'll miss my tree fiddy + 10. Hopefully the bug gets fixed soon so I can actually play the game, but the first impression is one of frustration and disappointment.Bug Fix Update: I was finally able to launch the game after having to go into the game files and edit some things. The art style is quite lovely, but right now it's the game's only redeeming feature. The ""challenges"" to unlock new planes are a joke, the campaign is at the moment merely a collection of stand-in missions and there are still some bugs, weapons performance and balancing issues to work out.There is potential. But right now it feels like a cheaply made Ace Combat knock off. Wait until the full release."
76561198022928887,Not Recommended,242130,14032689,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,maverickhornet,Don't really like the graphics
76561198116807899,Not Recommended,242130,12768688,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,ShakenBacon,the controls suck even with a joystick its a little to arcadie
76561198011550272,Not Recommended,242130,12135336,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Aniphorah,"Game sucks. Steam, How do I get this crap removed from my Library !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Update.  I want to thank Steam for removing this sad sad flight sim from my inventory."
,Not Recommended,242130,16854217,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Disco Biscuits,"haha haha ha haha ha ha haha ha ha ha haha ha ha ha ah ahha ha ha ha ha ha hah a h a h a h a h a h a h a h a h ahowbad.ruI can tell you that you aren't as bad as this game, dear reader.  This game went from eh, it's pretty mediocre but ok to laughably terrible in one update.ha ha ha ha haoh also why are there so many ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ variants that never made it off paper holy♥♥♥♥♥♥how autistic do you have to be like i could probably pick a kid out of a jesus camp for autistic people and he could be called the most autistic person ever seen but they wouldn't be as autistic as this"
,Not Recommended,242130,15876198,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Lord Spooky22,"Was on an Ace Combat craze.Saw this game.Made a terribe mistake.Bought it.Wasted 87 Goddamn hours of my life.I thought it was good at first, then I played the campagin.It was so bad that the voice actors couldn't even speak english properly.Ace difficulty was still easy.The art is ♥♥♥♥ing weird.You can easily unlock any jet you want by editing a file.The dogfighting was incredibly easy and the missions were stupidly difficult.Would probably make a better idea for a mobile game.3/10 - Chromosomes."
76561198032857448,Not Recommended,242130,17047183,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,RjOzzy,"I usually like to support games coming out of green light. Indie developers help bring new mechanics to the table and take risks big industry titles do not. However, with Vector Thrust I cannot recommend this title. The game wouldn't work and I had to tweak settings and look through forums to figure out how to fix it. When it did work the controls were just plain awful. I really liked the visual style of the game (found it similar to Telltale games, but with planes) but once you get close to the ground the terrain is just one flat crappy texture. Sound effects weren't too good either. Don't know if they designed this for gamepad control scheme, but playing with a mouse and keyboard is next to impossible. The controls (or lack thereof) just kill this game for me. It's so hard to maneuver, even after changing the control layout to your preference."
76561197970509236,Recommended,242130,17355192,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,wheeljack12,"very good successor to air combat. Doesn't need a lot of graphical power. Waiting on a gtx 960 to arrrive and currently using a intel hd 4600 on a core i7 4790k. Can turn the graphics up to the highest custom settings and it's smooth as butter on a igpu based video card. I am glad that iceberg interactive picks out good indie devs to publish for. Iceberg are also the guys who publish for gamepires, the guys who make the very awesome gas guzzlers extreme. BTW, use a xb360 game pad with this as the manual shows all of the buttons allocated to that game controller. I find it easier to play with a xb360 controller than a thrustmaster usb joystick."
,Not Recommended,242130,17611009,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,mobius,"Purchased this day one early access, and am appauled that this game is out of early access in such a bad state! There are so many issues and things that the dev's have said that they where working on many many many months ago that have yet to be patched in. The game features virtual cockpits, but the only one that shows up currently is the F-16's with no textures, there was also suppose to be better animations with the aircraft including thrust nozzle movement. We have yet to have those included/ fixed.Also As the game the game progressed it became more and more rediculous with hit detection/ weapon stregnths/ missle accuracy/ gun accuracy. It only takes 2 - 3 bullets to shoot your plane down, but millions to down an enemy, to add, you can line up your gun piper with the leading target sight and miss due to the accuracy of your gun, it's almost as iff the gun piper is not centered to the gun. Now for the missles..... the most inaccurate thing in the game. The enemy doesn't even need to turn or drop countermeasures the missle just lose track for no reason and fly off in another direction. Enemy bombers take about 10 - 14 missles to shoot down, which in the second mission you have 12 of them to down and only 40 missles, mind you, bombers have turrets and 2 bullets to your plane equals sht down so don't even try guns.With honesty, this is a huge let down because of the lazy dev team, it could have been a proper ace combat like game for the PC platform. Do not by this game, and those who have, I suggest we all ask for a refund, we did not get what was promised by the devs."
76561198063212578,Recommended,242130,13463923,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,nexus136,Very fun. runs amazing even on my worst computer. If you play ace comabt you'll like this. I just wish they would add the Mitsubishi F-2a
,Recommended,242130,16851116,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,someperson125,Very fun game. You can literally snipe with the machineguns if your good enough. Perfect if your looking to recapture those little moments from ace combat.
,Recommended,242130,15231128,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jimbo,>Tons of aircraft to unlock and play>Amazing mod support for new plane skins and unique missions>Smooth gameplay & cel-shaded graphics10/10 would crash and die again
76561198025147992,Recommended,242130,15850694,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Voshmir,"An okay moddable game at an okay price. It's the best thing we have to Ace Combat for the PC as Hawx 1 was awful and Hawx 2 won't launch because Ubisoft U-play is crap (but Hawx 2 is awful anyway). Flying in this game works much like the Ace Combat Games I've played, not long after jumping into it I was able to down enemies with missiles and even guns.But let's go over the cons.Style: The cell shading and general visual effects look a little awful and really cheapens the game.Camera shake: What the ♥♥♥♥, why is this a thing?Controls: The only USB controller I could get to work was an Xbox 360 controller. This game couldn't detect the input from anything another USB controller.Development process: The game needs a lot of work and progress is slow."
,Recommended,242130,13658227,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,AnArkzXP,"Even as a Early Acces game, I still found VT to be very fun to play. I you do pick this game up, I recommend you find some voice mods as that add to the fun in skrmish battles"
,Recommended,242130,15326957,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Preenglecks,"If you're a fan of games like Ace Combat, HAWX, or even some of Airforce Delta games, then Vector Thrust might be what you're looking for. I say might because of several glaring issues with the beta version of the game as it currently stands (12 April, 2015). I early accessed this game well over a year ago after spotting it on moddb. At the time I had just shedded off my last console, and was no longer able to play one of my favorite arcade flight sims Ace Combat 6. Becase Vector Thrust obviously targets those who love arcade flight sims in the vein of Ace Combat, it's worth noting that Timesymmetry's current offering meets some-but-not-all of the benchmarks set by the franchise's 10+ years of success.Vector Thrust definitely strikes the ""Strange but real"" tone set by the AC fanchise by constructing a fictional world where global superpowers fight geopolitical battles not with large land armies or diplomacy but with hyper-powerful air forces. That impression is essential to a game like this because it sets the stage for moment you the player realize your own heroism in the heat of battle. It's all riding on you the ace pilot, and Timesymmetry has definitely set their sights on keeping with that tradition througout the game's story missions.Fans of the genre will probably drool when they read the developer's roadmap for all of the playable aircraft to eventually be added. If you're unsatisfied with it currently you can always download custom planes and drop them right in the game's directory--it's standard for PC games but it is refreshing to see an arcade flight sim clearly decendent from a console gaming tradition embracing this powerful and compelling feature.The gameplay is getting better with every update it seems. Enemy fighters are hard to shoot down as they should be, but you very seldom feel cheated out of a missile shot once you get a handle on the game's lock-on and fire mechanic. With Ace Combat most of the aircraft were fairly even in terms of weapon range and damage, and the advantage was conferred more on the player that could more skillfully weave their fighter in and out of a hairball using guns and missiles. That principle applies here but more in accordance with aircraft performance stats and weapon load outs. Timesymmetry has made sure that newer aircraft outperform older ones in more respects than just maneuverability and speed. It makes for a fun skirmish when you span 15 enemy MiG-21s and an F-15 J Kai+ for yourself, sometimes the results might surprise you.Challenges need work, and feel very asymmetric in terms of difficulty and time required to complete many of the objectives. It's a matter of balancing primarily, and the farther along TS gets in development, as well as the more player feedback they get, the more refined the gameplay modes will become (hopefully).The game desperately needs work in the controls. I've played it with an Xbox controller and it plays fine, not too  unlike it's relatives in the genre. However the lack of smoothed mouse-aiming is a huge turn off to many players, and is something that I think the devs should focus a great deal of time perfecting. It's a PC game after all, so ensuring that you can just as easily boot up and play with a KB/M combo as you can with a controller is an essential feature. Currently, the game lets you map pitch and turn to the mouse, but it's sluggish, inconsistent, and not helpful wheny you're trying to dogfight. Your mouse is essentially locked to the plane, as the camera would be to the head of the player in an FPS, this not ideal though. What they should implement is a control scheme using the mouse that borrows from War Thunder, where you can aim freely in front of the aircraft, and the plane responds based on where you place your mouse pointer, not based on how your mouse movement corresponds to the control surface movement (if that makes sense?). \I think adding some features like this will help distinguish it against the background of its parent genre. Vector Thrust is an Ace Combat clone with some cool unique features added into the formula. It could easily take on an identity of its own if the controls are more friendly to casual playing, and once the campaigns are finished and playable. I'm eager to see where this game goes."
76561198064685013,Recommended,242130,15299722,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,boohisski,"Put simply, this is the best arcade combat flight game around... And we aren't even out of Beta. There is plenty of different aircraft to choose. While there isn't too many single player missions around, you can set up your own skirmishes. Missions are Air to air, air to ground/naval or a combination or both, so even if its imcomplete, there is still many hours of enjoyment.The cell shaded animation is pure bliss to look at, very simple & striking. Sounds do seem to be generic & only the F-16 has a basic cockpit configuration. This is definitely going to get better as time goes on. It plays very smoothly & its very energetic.Plus, the amount of times the wife has told me to stop playing proves that this will continue to be a part of my life for many moons to come"
76561197962070490,Recommended,242130,14907441,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Patrickleeee,"If you love good old ace combat(before AC:AH),like me. You will love this game. It got a lot of potential. It's not a full game yet. but it already bring me a lot of fun. Now I work on unlocking planes."
,Recommended,242130,14928330,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,The Lieutenant,"Although it's still deep in beta, Vector Thrust is shaping up to be the game everyone wishes the last few Ace Combat games had been, but weren't. If you like arcade fighter sims, then Vector Thrust is the best choice you can make."
76561198000738282,Recommended,242130,13637929,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sgt Potshot,"A great start; this game is playing well, looks unique (I'll admit it's not for everyone, but it works) and being able to easily mod it makes this a win in my book"
,Recommended,242130,13589645,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Big Boss [Moved] Whitefang Kiba,"It plays and feels like Ace Combat, very well done and a ton of fun to play.  The challenge system of unlocking crafts is a welcomed feature and test your skills as a pilot and for the most point are fare, even if later ones have the default par time of 50 minutes when most are beat under a minute.  Its only in Early Access but still I can recomend this game for any Ace Combat fans who might of been disapointed in Assault Horizon"
,Not Recommended,242130,19627766,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Oda Nobunaga,"Imagine Ace Combat Zero devoid of what makes it an amazing game, i.e. fantastic pacing, widely varied aircraft with widely varied flight models, diverse weapons that all fill a special role, and mission structure that demands adaptation to multiple playstyles. Now, try to imagine how bad that game would be without all those things. Congratulations, you've got yourself Vector Thrust.This game was abysmal even when I payed 9.50 for it. I can't imagine how somebody would feel if they payed 27 dollars for this trash heap."
,Recommended,242130,22824305,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,LoneWarrior,"days of downloading mods to this game led to flying a MiG-21 against an UI4054 Aurora, 10/10 would double kill a Morgan and a X-02 again"
,Recommended,242130,22870224,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Roselle,"TL;DR: Fun game, way too buggy, crashes a lot. Needs major technical work, but has potential.Fun game, when it works. Still has some major technical issues, along with some campaign bugs(I'll get more into that in a moment)Loaded up first mission and beat it first time through, or so I thought. Killed all enemy contacts, and flew to the edge of the airspace (as commanded by the NPCs). Then lost the mission due to going out of bounds. Load up, try again, this time let the jet that we're escorting go infront of me, seems to fix it, and clear the mission. This seems like a little annoyance but wait there's more. Working on playing through this one mission in a sandstorm and bombing an enemy attack force. No big deal, fairly easy mission all things considered, except for when you actually try to fly over the main force the game crashes. Almost every time. The game already crashed fairly frequently, but that mission in particular turned into try to bomb these things from as far away as possible  and break away before the number of entities being loaded (I speculate) causes the game to crash and you need to start over again. And incase that hasn't conviced you of the game's bugginess, last mission alright? Have to assault this base and eventually the prince flies out and you have to shoot him down. Fine, decent enough story reason and fun mission to play. So he flies out, I start dogfighting him and winning to a certain extent. Wonderful right? Right. Then the AI for the prince decides to not pull up in time, and he hits the side of a mountain. Okay whatever. Mission doesn't end so I clean up the airspace and destroy all known targets. Badda boom badda bang, map's clear of any hostile contacts.... oookay, mission never ends and have to restart. Turns out that to actually beat the mission you need to shoot down the prince by wittling down his health through several diolague triggers untill eventually he's going down and shoots himself in the cockpit."
,Recommended,242130,22649120,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Cadet,"Controls are sketchier than the part of Flordia that you can't pass without getting shot at. Otherwise, its a pretty good game. Can't wait till I have the nerve to try multiplayer."
76561198015658500,Recommended,242130,22223715,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,blondefletch,"Alot of mixed reviews here but here's my take....I buy an Early Access game on Steam expecting there to be bugs / stability issues, which this has it's fair share of at the moment (v1.400 3rd April 2016), and there is clearly alot of work still to go in terms of fleshing out the campaign and the economics of buying fighters as you progress. BUT. I accepted happily when I paid 6.74 GBP that this would be the case.Surely the reason that early access games have become such a success on Steam is that it provides the developers with the incentive to finish the game properly, act on feedback they recieve and ultimately, have a surge of community support when the title is ready for a full release. This should be one of those games.The graphics engine and UI remind me of XIII in terms of style, whereas the features that the game offers are VERY similar to the Ace Combat series. I've been waiting for this style of arcade flight sim, and I like the way this game is going!Sure - it's crashing alot. But I keep playing it and getting hooked on each mission, and I think many, many others will to. Once the stability issues are ironed out, I'll consider the small investment I made purchasing this to be an absolute bargain."
,Not Recommended,242130,22185097,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Sparko,"OK after 3 hours of game time, here is an assesment for you.Is the game worht it? probably.Your mileage might vary but it depends on a few things. As follows my list of cons and prosPros:Nice aestheticsGame play is very similar to the Ace Combat Games (in fact it's the closest to them I've found so far)Large variety of planes to flyNice set of challenges to unlock more contentCons:Terrible voice acting (seriously you can tell they are reading of a script)Bugs lots of them, especially game breaking ones like the OpenAL problem with wrap_oal.dll. The Game engine panics in  and causes problems executing OpenAL.Did I mention game breaking bugs?Sometimes the controls feel unresponsive or slow ( using a gamepad )I would recommend this game on a sale but not full-price, it's honestly a bad business for a consumer to buy this expecting a fully working game and find that sometimes it just will not work."
76561198036929829,Recommended,242130,17039632,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,thegrimsniper,"this game has a bit of a learning curve, but after that is pretty good."
,Recommended,242130,21653771,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Goose Rambler,"Despite it's bugs ands general wonkiness, this one-man love-letter to the Ace Combat series has something that HAWX or Ace Combat Assault Horizon lacked : charm."
76561197989766635,Not Recommended,242130,17613525,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Delete,"So, full release happens, already some time passed,  what do we have? Nothing.Potential Ace combat clone got wasted.The game has a good hand, it is not entirely bad. It has a good part.1) Gameplay. The game is really played as Ace Combat.2) Good game soundtrack that during the game gives you the right attitude.3) Graphics (Technically) looks pretty good.But unfortunately, it only enhances anger, because in the case come the negative aspects.1) Game play. Balance is really strange, your plane is cardoard, that can be shot down with 2 rockets or a few bullet, while some enemies can hold ALOT of damage. Like bomber on 2nd missions, hell they takin too much rockets, and ammo is not infinite. Some ground forces are too tough. This is not a simulator, Ace combat always was action in air, and this game is same, but why the hell incrase difficulty with limited ammo and cardboard. Hell, better planes have better armor, they can hold 3 ROCKETS! WOOHOO!.And what is the purpose of adding functions to start\stop engine!? Only to add unneeded realism!? Its absolutely  useles, i can't even find button on gamepad where to put that stupid function.2) Singleplayer. Ohhh this is worst part of a game. Its boring, its empty, badly informative and booring briefings, no cutscenes on missions, no cutscenes between missions (NO! A SINGLE STATIC PICTURE with absolutely not emotional dialog can't be called a cutscene!). I expected that cutscenes between missions will be comic like, its a best choise for an indie developer, BUT NOT A SINGLE STATIC PICKTURE! You can't skip dialogs, on missions before start fighting, and after loosing on mission, you need to listen everything again. Game does not even try to somehow inspire Player. Devs said its only first campaighn..............................IN FULL RELEASE VERSION! Why then made a full release if game is not ready at all!? Publisher pushed! I DON'T CARE!3) Bugs. I need to replay part of campaighn, because release version has a bug that won't allow to buy new planes in singleplayer! Button remaping, spetially on gamepad is workin horribly, it allows me to remap 3 buttons, then games goes crazy and won't allow me to change others buttons until i restart the game. Multiplayer is laggy(Expectable), and drops you to main menu alot(Expectable but ACCEPTABLE).4) Challenges\Mods. On EA game quckly has focused on modifications and challenges. While promised interesting singleplayer campaighn(Wich we don't have, like only 1 of 4). And i don't care about omds at all, i can just pass them without paying attention, but challenges. I HATE CHALLENGES, not only in that game, but if many games challenges only addition you can pass, VT force you to complete them to unlock new planes for multiplayer! YES! You can buy planes on point that you earn in multiplayer matches, but its extremely much slower than wasting time on boring challenges. Hell they even made an enemy squad introdusing cutscene...........IN A CHALLENGE!! WHILE CAMPAIGHN DON'T HAVE IT!! SERIOUSLY!5) Graphics (Design). Its simply emtpy. Almos flat map, with almost 0 objects. No cities, no trees, no rocks. You will never remember a single location in this game. Yes, landscape mostly a decoration, but its freakin must be!! You feel flying nowhere and it brings boredom.Too bad, didn't wanted to happen with this game. Not many AC clones exist, like old game as RaidersSphere4th, wich is also clone of AC, and that game have a better design and storytelling(Unfortunatly much more buggy). This game is lost, even if devs add campaighns, even they fix bug, im sure they won't redesighn maps and made much better cutscenes. Game just boring, i feel sorry for game that actualy have huge potential and maybe even soul, cause it feel like devs made work with...............love!? But all this work wasted. RIP. And maybe ill someday play a new Ace combat, H.A.W.X. or another indie clone, wich will be finally good."
,Recommended,242130,16937376,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Metal Gear Sororitas,"I, like so many others, hanker for a new Ace Combat experience. This is close enough I guess. It's not nearly as polished the entries in the Ace series with bugs coming out of it's♥♥♥♥♥and the missiles not behaving like you'd expect, but in my opinion it's good enough. Plus, the protag Ash is almost as cool as Mobius One so that's something.Some planes like the Raptor don't have their features fully fleshed out yet (No AMMRAAMs on a gen 5, for shame), but each plane handles differently.IMO it's probably not worth the asking price as it is unless you desperatly need an Ace like game on your PC, which I do. It certainly has a lot of potential though and I hope the devs continue to work on it."
,Not Recommended,242130,28730369,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Elosacle,"Despite what the store page says, this game provide absolutely no support for conventional controllers. Sure, the game may work with most flight sticks and on keyboard and mouse, but I don't think there are many people who play flight games with keyboard and mouse. trying to set up a controller is difficult, and the game's options menu skips a few selections when using arrow keys (or corresponding inputs) to navigate, forcing you back to the keyboard to actually get to the main menu. Very rough, needs a lot of fixing, and not worth what they're asking for it."
76561198071641592,Not Recommended,242130,28730903,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,slaughter3123,"A game that will scratch your Ace Combat itch but never satisfy you. Plagued by clunky menus, poor controller support, and a few bugs that make progression difficult. If you want Ace combat, I suggest going elsewhere."
76561198314232310,Recommended,242130,29442608,Posted: 23 January,all,ForgottenVoid,"The game is decent enough, but get it while it is on sale. It has a few bugs, which has booted me out while playing the game on almost every mission so far. It takes a bit to map the controls when using a controler. THe voice acting is ok, but could be better. There are many references to Ace Combat (especially Shattared Skies) in the game, so you can tell they are trying to create a good game with their own flare, it just isn't quite at a good level yet. But even so, it is a good game to play."
,Not Recommended,242130,15797451,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Tim_Fragmagnet,They released the game way too early. It's not a finished game.
,Not Recommended,242130,20195065,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,nicolò,multiplayer doesn't work... the game crash.
,Not Recommended,242130,33007142,Posted: 29 June,all,Gatorade™ Cool Blue® | CSLott,"It's not fun, and gets very repetitive.-kill the target-kill this target-ok good, now kill kill this targetOverall, I did not enjoy this game.---EDIT---This game has been abandoned by it's devs. But I'm trying my best to enjoy this game.---EDIT Pt.2---I am now playing this game daily. It's actually kinda fun. But, only when you progress, I changed this review to positive.---EDIT Pt.3---This game is broken and will slowly break your computer from restarts. It has been abandoned and will never be updated again. DO NOT BUY."
