user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197995436318,Recommended,242570,8563907,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Twitchblade,"Space Hulk is a game about how terrible it would be if you and all your friends were the size of refridgerators, and you all lived in a house made of hallways so you had to walk everywhere single file, and the house contained an unlimited amount of aliens that wanted to kill you.Space Hulk is a turn based strategy game that seems to be a pretty faithul digital recreation of the Games Workshop boardgame, transparency included (You can see the results of all dice rolls).  Throughout the game, you lead a squad (sometimes 2) of Blood Angel Terminators through a space hulk, which seems to be a ton of spaceships that have fused together in ridiculous ways.  You're given a different objectve in every mission and as you attempt to fulfill it, Tyranid Genestealers spawn from multiple spawn points in an attempt to overwhelm your squad. In order to complete your mission, you have to take and hold positions against the Genestealers and accomplish the objective, quietly hoping you never have to assault through them.At the beginning of each mission, you're given somewhere between 2-12 Terminators, each with their own equipment and abilities, and an objective to fulfill.  Each Terminator gets 4 action points at the start of a turn, and the whole squad shares a pool of 1-6 extra points called ""Command Points"", which allows Terminators to perform actions outside of their allotted 4 points.  You'll move your Terminators through the narrow corridors, carefully stacking them in formation, always being wary of lines of sight and lanes of approach to reach whatever your objective maybe.This is a game about positioning, planning, and risk management.  With the exception of a couple of missions, you'll never be able to kill all the genestealers, they simply keep coming and coming until you accomplish your objective and/or all of your troops are dead.  So, you have to establish a good defensive position, preferably with long lines of sight.  Overwatch is the most powerful ability in the game, and one that allows you to shoot at all approaching enemies as long as your bolter doesn't jam (On each shot, you roll two dice, and any time you roll doubles your bolter jams).  This allows you to dominate corridors, though a Genestealer can still slip past if your roll low enough consistently. Sometimes, the most tempting positions are ones that are only a few squares long, and you have to decide if the risk of only having a few squares to shoot at is worth sparing only one Terminator for that position.  If the overwatch fails, you could find yourself overrun.  Or, you can use 2 Terminators to guard 2 longer corridors, removing one from use in another portion of the map.It's a fun game, and the dependence on luck makes it incredibly tense.  Granted, you can mitigate risk, but you'll never be able to remove it completely.  My understanding of the game is that its relsease was filled with all sort of weird glitches and problems, but I haven't encountered a single one yet. I haven't had a chance to try mutliplayer yet, so I can't comment on that.If you're a fan of careful, deliberate, tense strategy, I highly recommend this.  I'm nearly done with the main campaign and enjoyed every minute of it, and I'm looking forward to moving on to the DLC.What I paid for it: 10 dollarsWhat I would pay for it: 25 dollars.For context, I know very little about WH40K and didn't even know the board game existed until playing this.  All of the above impressions were based on playing on Normal."
,Recommended,242570,14428148,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,~*Mystyx*~,"First, let me make something very clear that every other review has probably done already: This is NOT like Xcom. This is, quite literally, a digital version of the classic board-game of the same name, which was made by the lovely chaps at Games Workshop ages ago. What does that mean for you?- It means NO customization. Units come equipped ""as is"". That's it.- ""Slower"" gameplay (Tactical Dreadnaught Armour is heavy). Game speed can be adjusted to make it play faster, however.-  An emphasis on what limited resource actions you have, and doing what you can with them. Thus adding to the general ""survival"" aspect of the game, which is very fun actually.- Unlike Xcom, this is a straight up, old-school ranged (marines) VS. melee (aliens) fight. You CAN go into melee and hope the Emperor grants you favor in such dire situations. However, your xenos enemies are masters of close combat and generally win the trade off, even against your own melee specialists. But again, it's quite fun to try and succeed at it.- No health bars. You either survive an attack, or you don't. This makes games faster and more direct, which is a good thing since health bars would make each game last longer than it should.- Unlike Xcom, you have very limited combat actions. No elevation bonus, can't climb ladders, etc.. Just you, the flat surface, and the xenos filth before you. Fire away and hope it works!All of this makes Space Hulk a very good game actually, just for different reasons. However, people jumping into this title thinking it's another Xcom clone will become sad pandas very quickly. This is NOT even close to Xcom's depth.However once more, people who want a ""simpler"" turn based game LIKE Xcom that they can just hop into, without all the freaking variables and near-endless, headache-inducing customization and combat will indeed enjoy this title. Always remember that this is essentially a digital version of the board game, and not much more at all. Simple as that. But it is beautiful in its simplicity, as you'll soon find.Honestly? A solid title. Full Control set out to make a PC version of the board game point-for-point, and succeeded near flawlessly. It's not Xcom, but it wasn't trying to be anyway. It's just itself. And that is indeed good enough. Maybe not for everyone, but then again Xcom isn't for everyone either.If you wish for a more Xcom-like version of this title, Space Hulk: Ascension is more like what we all kinda hoped for in the first place, and is currently available through Steam as well. However, it currently lacks multi-player.Overall: 4/5. Better graphics/models and voice acting would have been great for this little gem, but I'm not complaining.-Thanks for reading and I hope it helped you with your decision. :3~Mystyx~"
,Recommended,242570,7801209,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Deepfreeze32,"This isn't a game for everyone, and I'll tell you why: It's slow. It's dice-based. It's a bit rough around the edges. And it's a very tactical game. If you're looking for quick action with lots of violence, I suggest you check out Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine instead.Still reading? Good. This game is a recreation of the original board game, including all of the messy dice rolls. Genestealers are very, very powerful. Your bolter jams when you don't want it to. Close combat is probably going to kill you. If you're expecting real-time combat with refined battle mechanics, you won't find it here. This is the pure tabletop experience.The game is a little rough around the edges in places. The graphics can be a little weird, and there are a few problems with the ""undo"" button.If you are willing to look past these problems and are willing to put up with lots of dice rolling, then this game is an excellent choice."
,Recommended,242570,7372827,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Emerald Witch,"Ignore the Metacritic score. This game was released something like a week before it should have been, and by the end of that first week almost every major bug and UI issue had been resolved. If they had just taken the time to release this one week later it would have probably gained another 20 points just from the bugs being fixed.As for how the actual game is... It is literally the board game! Only you can own it for less than $100 and play it online with friends, or in Hotseat mode (which has been improved since launch also). It is such a shame the critical reception of this panned it so hard, because it is really a great little game. Anyone who enjoys board games and / or the claustrophobic setting of a bereft starship adrift in the cosmos, filled to the brim with an unrelenting race of alien murder machines, should buy this game."
,Recommended,242570,7803589,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,DarkChaplain,"A pure adaption of the boardgame classic, Space Hulk comes with all you may be used to playing with on the tabletop, with none of the setup troubles, boxing the tiles and pieces after a long and tense session. It comes with an online multiplayer mode, which allows you to take the missions to the internet and test your wit against friends too far away to come over to sit around the table with you!Full Control Studios are, without a doubt, fans of the Warhammer 40,000 universe, and Space Hulk in particular. Despite the bumpy launch the game had, their dedication to the project shows.Space Hulk is a turn-based strategy game involving two factions - the Space Marine Terminators and the alien Genestealers.Both sides play vastly differently - from the amount of actions a unit can take per turn, to how it achieves its goals.The Terminators are slow, hulking figures who rely on ranged weaponry, area denial and re-rolls to fight the Xenos, while the Genestealers are numerous, fast and require to close the distance to attack a Marine with their diamond-claws. They can easily outmaneuver the opponent, and receive reinforcements every turn.To make things worse, the number of dice a normal Marine rolls against the 'stealers, is limited to one, against the aliens' three, and the highest result wins the combat - and kills the enemy. There are no life points in this game - if a character gets wounded, he is considered dead for the rest of the game.To balance this out, the Space Marine player receives 1 to 6 Command Points per turn, determined by (virtual) dice. Those can be used to enact additional actions beyond the 4 allowed action points of a Terminator. Even though limited and unreliable, these points, if used well, will offer a lot of tactical flexibility to the player.The inherent strength of the Terminators lies in their weaponry - their Storm Bolters are deadly and their close combat specialists allow them to deny the Genestealers the highest of their rolls or to re-roll one of their own. The flamer can bathe a whole room or section in fire, easily burning the aliens to ashes if stepped in, denying whole parts of the map. However, its use is limited to 6 shots per mission! The assault cannon is equally limited to 20 shots, and acts like a much stronger Storm Bolter.Overwatch, costing 2 action points, will ensure that your Marines will also shoot on any enemy that crosses into line of sight, or moves within it, giving you an advantage over the enemy's fast tactics.The objectives are determined by the mission. They may range from simple kill count goals to evacuating a certain amount of squad members. All the main missions are adapted from the boardgame.Yes, Space Hulk had its share of problems at launch, and probably still has some of them, but more than a few can be attributed to just how close this video game adaption is to the boardgame it was meant to represent.Bugs and performance issues have been significantly reduced by now, the game runs smooth, and a new, albeit short, campaign has been added to the game for free.A criticism that was brought up a lot at launch was the ""sluggish"" movement of the player's Terminators.While personally I very much enjoyed the hulking Space Marines move through the corridors like that, I can understand that not everybody has the same attention span and some may like to move on more quickly (although, once an order is issued, you can move ahead and issue another to the next Terminator of your choosing - they will enact them simultaneously).Since then the developers have introduced a new setting to the options menu, allowing the player to toggle the animation speed, resulting in a good boost in unit movements.Another criticism leveled was the lack of satisfying squad customization - one I can understand, but not feel quite as strongly about.The characters in the game are directly inspired by the 3rd edition boardgame set, released in 2009, which I own. Having invested a lot of time in painting the miniatures of Sergeants Gideon and Lorenzo, Brothers Claudio, Zael, Omnio and all the rest, I can attest that the ingame models are very much like those little plastic figures. They are so faithfully modeled, I felt a bit sad that the boardgame miniatures are stuck with static (though dynamic) poses.Customizing a squad's loadout also would not work with the way the missions are written. The game presents you with a short mission context and your objectives, all presented via Terminator-like voice acting (though not of the high standard of Relic's Dawn of War II games, it is still suitably grim), a neatly animated map and iconography.What new players may not realize, however, is that the missions, have been written with certain restrictions and loadouts in mind. There are no differences between individual Terminators apart from their equipment - changing any one of the Power Fist + Storm Bolter Terminators to another Flamer, an Assault Cannon or close combat gear would undoubtedly unbalance the missions and remove a big part of the challenge.Space Hulk is a challenging game. Some people, myself included, would even go as far as to call it a strategic puzzle game. Knowing your pieces is vital to success, being aware of all entry points of the enemy's Genestealers is crucial. A wrong move can easily unravel your whole deployment, and turn your structured progress into a desperate run for the exit.The randomness of the dice adds a layer of unpredictability, but similar to Blood Bowl, minimizing the risks of the dice and thinking your moves through is the key to success. A dice roll may turn sour, but there are certain contingencies to make up for the randomness, if the player is smart enough to use them. In addition, the game itself takes care of all the manual tasks and notetaking of the tabletop version, keeping you informed of your resources at all times.The learning curve may be a bit steep for some players, I admit, but unlike the boardgame, the video game adaption offers three short tutorial missions, which should do a lot of good in making you aware of the key strokes of the game.Thankfully for new players, the 2 minute timer the Terminator player is subject to in the boardgame (unless the players decide not to use it to add even more pressure to the Space Marine's shoulders) is turned off by default and not enforced in singleplayer games. Purists can still play the game on hard difficulty and use the timer, but I am glad they made this optional.The level editor is still in the making, I'm afraid.If the current 18 missions (three tutorial missions, 12 for the classic Sin of Damnation Campaign and the 3 new missions on board of the Messenger of Purgatory) aren't enough to sate your appetite (which is unlikely, as missions are very replayable and usually not beaten on your first try), there are two new DLC Campaigns available right now (Sword of Halcyon and Defilement of Honour), both of which feature a set 5 missions each and are directly inspired from old first and second edition rules of the boardgame.Squad customization may or may not be added in the future, but first I assume there will be the teased and promised Chapter Packs, introducing more than just the Blood Angels to the game - all neatly modeled according to lore and current miniature kits. Full Control have also said that they would include those Chapter Packs with new, Chapter-unique (historical) campaigns and flavor. This is DLC I can get behind and will support.Considering that the first priority for Full Control was using the license to recreate the 3rd edition box set of Space Hulk, which was only produced in very limited quantities back then to begin with, I can acknowledge that they did an incredible job at capturing the game's aesthetic, tone, sound and, obviously, the rules.This is, without a doubt, Space Hulk.For the Emperor!"
,Recommended,242570,1970697,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,pphrah,"Even though I  am a dire-hard 40k fan, I have to say, this is prrrrrrobably not worth it's full current price. That's not to say the game is bad. But, like certain foods, it has to be consumed in a certain way. Namely, that way is to occasionally play a mission, but never more than one at a time. That is the optimum way to play this game in my opinion.Other than that, think of it as a sort of low-tech XCOM in terms of the combat. It's based on a system of action points for moving and shooting and overwatching and guarding. Generally a must have for any 40k fan as supporting 40k games can only encourage more of them, right? On the whole i'd give this game a 6.8. It's not unenjoyable, it's actually fairly enjoyable, but it's not a binge-play, you should only play one mission a day."
,Not Recommended,242570,7811518,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,kira v,"I qualify this review in that I don't recommend it for the general masses. If you're a fan of the original Space Hulk board game or you're a fan of Warhammer 40k in general, then I would recommend buying it when it's on sale- $30 is far too much for what's offered here.Space Hulk is pretty much a 1:1 reproduction of the Space Hulk board game, but with a few extra bells and whistles attached. The animations are well done, the voice acting is adequate and the atmosphere of the game translates well. The campaign is interesting and offers a great number of varying objectives aside from 'kill all the Genestealers', but it would have been more interesting to offer a Genestealer campaign alongside the Space Marine campaign.My issues with it are that even with the varying objectives in the campaign, playing against the AI feels a little hollow as compared to the multiplayer experience. The AI can't substitute for a real opponent, as to be expected with board game translations, so it doesn't feel like the AI is really adapting to your strategies as much as an actual opponent would.Overall though my biggest issue is that this game has a $30 price tag. It is definitely not worth that; though they have a few campaigns to offer, it still doesn't feel like enough to justify the price tag. Plus, all of the maps look the same aside from layout; there's a lot of blank space, and it feels wasted as opposed to claustrophobic as the developers intended."
76561197972307609,Not Recommended,242570,15327448,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mr Stabby,"Its not a terrible game, I got quite a few hours of enjoyment out of it, but it is horribly flawed as computer games go. I understand that is a straight conversion of a board game and it suffers from the limitations imposed by that. I played it right through to the end, and its the end that ultimately tips this over into a ""can't recommend"".Quick list of pros and cons:Pros:I enjoyed the tactical challenge of planning your best route to the objective,  working out where to place your terminators for maximum advantage and how to get to the objective asap without being eaten.There were some good missions fighting a tactical retreat to an extraction point.Flamer throwers - you only get six shots but they are a great tactical unit and actually kill what you aim at (most of the time).Cons:If you try to shoot something with the standard bolter you will almost certainly miss unless you are using a chaingun. You only get 4 actions points, you will probably miss every time because genestealers can... duck. I'm guessing the Terminators can't aim lower than a 90 degree angle in those mechanical suits or something. That doesn't explain their inability to hits doors though. Those doors are tricksy buggers.Chainguns are more likely to hit something, but you only get 10 shots and then you have to reload. If you reload there is a chance your terminator will explode. Yes really.  Wtf. These guys have been fighting for 9000 years and have not managed to design a gun that you can change ammo in without blowing up.Standard bolter guns don't need reloading. They jam instead. I think that they don't need reloading because the Terminator using it is always going to be dead before he runs out of bullets due to his face being eaten while he tries to clear the jam.Recognising that your standard Terminators can't shoot doors or anything lower than waist height, the braintanks invented a unit with spikey gloves. This guy presumably shot his instructor in basic training and was banned from using guns ever again. Genestealers are close combat enemies, they jump on you, they eat your face. Mr Spikey Gloves is just there to die, tactically speaking he can be thrown out to slow down a genestealer for 1 action point while it digests his nose.Your squad members have names, but there is no continuity between missions. If they die, they are still there in the next mission, or you might be told that people you carefully preserved were lost in the fight. There is no squad development, they never improve. I kept everyone alive (even Mr Spikey Gloves) through all the missions but the plot didn't recognise this.The best missions were ones where you have to reach an objective and then fight a retreat to an extraction point. Too many missions were instantly complete when an objective was met. There was no incentive to plan beyond guy A getting to position X. The whole squad could be on the point of being eaten with zero probability of survival but as long as someone got to position X it was mission complete with 5 out of 5 survivors. Sometimes you had to complete a mission with at least 3 terminators getting to an extraction point, and the game would end as soon as 3 were safe. I want to try to rescue all 5, not have the game decide its mission over because  3 got out.There is no tension - I had Space Hulk on my old Amiga, it was a tense scary game, turning a corner was trouser changing event.  This game never takes you by surprise, every enemy is faithfully revealed on the map either as a unit or a blip that could be 1 - 3 units. You know where they are even if you can't kill them.The ending - this is what really tipped this over into a thumbs down. The end left a really sour taste in my mouth. I thought it was a bug. I finished the 3rd mission of the 3rd ""campaign"" and instead of the next mission or campaign unlocking, I could only go to the menu. I replayed the mission hoping it was a one off unlock bug, but no, everything still locked. Looked it up on google, and it turns out that was it, game over unless you buy the DLC. The game is SHORT. I played the game, restarting every mission where I lost a man. If I hadn't done that, and there was no reason to, I could have finished the game in a weekend easily. As far as level design goes, there is no excuse for the developers to put together such a short package. The designs are simple and a computer could happily randomly generate them. I can only think that the the voice over guy giving the mission briefing broke their budget.Space Hulk Ascension sounds like it deals with most of the above points, I'll probably buy that if it comes out cheap in a sale."
,Not Recommended,242570,18499290,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,TemplarGFX,"Get Ascension.  Its this game with alot more options.  They made fools of the backers by releasing the true version of this game as a sequal, instead of updating this.  As a result all the backers got a stripped down version of the game and they wanted everyone to rebuy the same thing for the extra features.   As you can see by them closing down, screwing your backers over doesn't work."
76561198004372634,Recommended,242570,9437566,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,sh0ck-wave,"I really .. REALLY .. wanted to like this game.The original Space Hulk was the game that first brought me into the whole warhammer 40k world (that and the original role playing / skirmish rules). An insane future and hugely rich storyline.But this game unfortunatley does not build upon any of that wonderful background.It may be an honourable reworking of the original boardgame rules, but when you have so much more power and potential at your disposal simply trying to emulate a boardgame seems like a real waste of opportunity.Problems :The basic gui and interface is somewhat confuzing and I've often found myself wasting crucial movement / action points on needless turn arounds and minor positioning and placement. When it's really life and death between each round these positioning issues become very anoying. Some may say the game punishes you for being unattentive, but I kind of feel the game punishes you for not being pixel perfect in all your clicking.The ammo for heavy weapons also is never enough and often I've found myself much rather having a standard trooper with a storm bolter then an assault canon (since bolters don't run out of ammo).That said, bloody hell for all their high tech guns these guys use they sure friggen JAM a lot !!I've had some missions end in minutes because every gun jammed everytime it was used.I realise this is just rolling doubles, but I've played a lot of role playing games and rolled a LOT of dice in my time, and I don't ever recall rolling that many doubles !! Seriously programming guys, can you check your randomizers in your code 'cause I think you've forgotten to remove a rem statement or two.A one on one battle between a marine and a stealer pretty much results in the loss of your trooper. Having a guy survive an attack is exhilerating but often short lived as usually in the very next round their gun jams and they die anyway.I totally except this as the gene stealers are meant to be hugely deadly (read their description .. it's horrific), however their overall depiction in the game is more chibba-manga rather then 'holy crap this thing made my toughest guy crap his pants'.They need to be made bigger and scarier, as from the overall look of the graphics it looks more like the marines should be wiping the slate with the dudes rather then this being a knife edge battle. Maybe too much time was spent animating the marines and too little on the stealers.The space hulk graphics look great, but there is zero interaction with anything. This is an example of my 'missed opportunity' anoyance from above. Why not drop some fun extra's around the map and allow the marines to interact with the environment. As it stands the overall look at feel could be totally replaced by the tactical map as everything you see pretty much means nothing anyway.Lastly some of the missions could be aimed more on holding key points and just having fun blasting wave after wave of stealers rather then pushing forward constantly. A real strength in the game should be your marines, but you never really get a chance to use their abilities as your constantly on the backfoot no matter what. Why not drop in a couple fun rounds which just play on the 'theme' rather then being totally based on the 'strategy'.Good bits :Killing wave after wave of stealers during those few instances when the guns aren't jamming.That never gets old.Marines .. look .. AWESOMEWinning is rewarding.It should be made much clearer that your not only trying to beat the stealers but also fate itself as the dice play a critical part in the overall outcome of the game. Beating BOTH of these is awesome and keeps the game flowing.Overall I think the metacritic score is harsh, but it is also fair.This game will not appeal to everyone, and is actually a very stark introduction to the 40k universe.It should have been more accomodating to new players and contain more of the huge and awesome background of the 40k universe. This to me is a huge oversite.The gameplay is very linear yet still brutal against even minor positioning errors.In that light it's just not something I can see someone who isn't buried in the 40k world would be able to pick up and play.Recommended, but only to those who are familiar with the 40k world and who will appreciate the time and effort that's gone into this game. It's a game made for them. But for anyone else I can totally understand if they just don't 'get it'."
76561198091304793,Recommended,242570,18857714,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,sweeneytom1,"I recently picked this up with it on sale and I couldn't be happier with itI was slightly put off by some of the reviews but if you go into the game bearing a few things in mind then you won't be disappointed.Things to bear in mind:- The game is slow, it is ponderous but you are playing as massive hulking terminators- Expect storm bolters to jam constantly- Always use overwatchMaybe I am slightly biased as I am Warhammer 40k fan anyway but I really enjoyed this gameNothing better than setting an assault cannon down the hall from a genestealer spawn and mowing them down one after another"
,Not Recommended,242570,8343960,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Fortigan,"While I can respect them wanting to basicly build the board game as a program, something is lost in the translation.  The ""feel"" of playing a board game makes up for how slow and clunky it can be.  With this game, you just get the slow and clunky.  There is simply not enough to do each turn and if feels very restrictive.  The single space hallways also make tactics very limited.  With turn based games, tactics are everything.  If you are an enthusiest of the origional board game, you may still get a little enjoyment from this title.  However, if you are not, as a turn based strategy, X-com beats this hands down.  I have been playing games based in the 40k universe for near 20 years and was very exited to see this title, but in the end, it left me yawning."
76561197960949501,Not Recommended,242570,12513167,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Kro,"If there was a 'Maybe' option on recommendations, I would chose that instead of 'No'. Space Hulk is a faithful recreation of the board game for those who have played it.  If this is all you require for this to be a buy, then be my guest.The problem with this title is that it lacks for content. There is one small campaign included in the purchase, which will take you less than 20hrs to complete based on your skill level.  The frustration begins when you realise this campaign cuts short and you are welcome to BUY the complete campaign by dropping more money to the developer. To compound this, the multiplayer for this game is extremely clunky and unintuitive. It took me several games to figure out how the turn order would go (mainly because connections are poor and you or the other players will drop, not to mention people simply leave matches). This is all considering you might see 3 or possibly 4 games available on the multiplayer section at a given time.The only way I would recommend this game is if you are getting a personal friend to play with and can avoid the lack of content and deal with the frustrations of multiplayer."
76561197985072747,Recommended,242570,8490476,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Games Workshop Board Game ConversionThis game stays true to the board game of the same name and ideal for those who know what Terminators and Genestealers are. This has positive and negative aspects though. You are going to need to be very careful and a mis-click can easily cost you the game. It is very unforgiving with melee combat being driven by luck and the odds are normally against you, also your guns have a habit of jamming on a far too regular basis. If you bear with it and keep your tactics spot on (assuming you have some luck as well) you will start to make progress and might actually enjoy it when it seems less masochistic to play. There are also a few achivements to make you relay levels."
76561198025662706,Recommended,242570,32051666,Posted: 29 May,all,cave_troll,"Want to experience the board game, without spending $250 that GW is charging for the physical version nowdays. Then this is the version for you, or if you played the board game years ago."
,Recommended,242570,12717527,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,thylbanus,"If you don't know the origins of this game, you might want to stay away.  This is quite literally a table top boardgame for the PC (or whatever platform you run on).  A VERY loyal and STRICT translation of the game mechanics.  Original Space Hulk (tabletop boardgame, not the EA one from '93) fans will find this quite refreshing.  This is not a progression game.  There is NO XP or progression.  If your marine dies, he is simply replaced in the next mission.  This is great to kill time, trip down memory lane, and still have fun.  This has all the feeling of the table top without the dry cardboard smell.  If you are not familiar with the Warhammer 40,000 universe or what it's about, this game will probably bore you.  If you like old fasioned turn-based tactical games with a little complexity, this is probably worth a look, especially if it's on sale."
76561197970533855,Not Recommended,242570,8007401,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,PhasedFox,"I am a massive fan of the Warhammer 40k universe. I bought this game over the mediocre pro reviews and general antipathy toward the game mainly because of a sale, my fanboy status, and because, as a strategy fan, I thought I might be able to get more out of the experience than the average gamer. Ummm... no.The developers obviously care about the source material and let that interest outstrip their collective ability to code. This game has been in the wild for months now and the general level of polish evident in the game is poor, even for an indie game. The many updates, apparently needed due to the rather shoddy state it was in at launch, dont seem to have done much to fix glaring issues such as marines shooting through walls and floors instead of at their targets, or obvious clipping issues as they move through the narrow corridors.Beyond the technical issues, this game shows a lack of flair or dynamism in the design work. The marines are plodding and slow to move. Their movement is apparently designed to mimic a board game piece, moving in halting steps and awkward about faces on a per point basis, all leading to an excruciatingly laconic ballet as a marine saunters to your chosen position, clipping through the edges of crossroads as they go.I can understand the attempt to faithfully recreate the board game, but the developers seem to have overlooked that board games make up for their static nature through tension generated by the close proximity, and occasional caustic banter, of friends. The video game scene works in a far more solitary fashion. Imagine watching your favorite board game play out by yourself, and you'll get a good idea of the feel of this game.The marines themselves feel weak, with inneffective weaponry that, although supposedly surviving for millenia and defeating the most horribly effective and despicable foes of the 41st millenium, jam and miss repeatedly for no good reason. This weakness is probably due to the need for balancing in the board game, but these are supposed to be the Emperor's finest; They feel, instead, like obsteperous 6 year olds with nerf guns and foam noodle swords. Finally, the maps are samey and run together after a while. All consist of narrow corridors lacking in any real character or distinguishing features, through which your marines lumber through and, all to often, die needlessly.Overall, then, a real shame. This game could have been a fun diversion but for the lack of technical polish, slavish adherence to an entertainment mediium that dosen't translate to video games well, and an inability to innovate."
76561197977551499,Recommended,242570,8914118,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,pachubatinath,"Meta-Score is overly harsh -this is a solid, enjoyable and nerdy strategy game. That is all. Any quibbles one may have with it are based on the fact that this is Space Hulk, the board game. It doesn't have cut-scenes, or any crazy new modes, or a story really, but it does have massive Marines in tiny corridors with truckloads of 'orrible aliens. Oh, and strategy. Bags of it. Planning, too...lots of thinking ahead, lots of careful evaluation of situations required. Hmm. If you don't mind this, you should buy Space Hulk."
76561198006993574,Recommended,242570,31958657,Posted: 25 May,all,Pedrito El Drito,"this is the videogame rendering of the tabletop game, every mechanic of space hulk 3rd edition is covered (including Guard, the melee version of Overwatch). recommended both to Space Hulk veterans and newcomers.only drawback: you must play the scenarios listed, it's not possible to crate a random skirmish map"
,Recommended,242570,21979049,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,kony,"A quite decent tactical game well worth a discounted price. It's not as good as some others (XCOM to give an example), but those who like tactical games should definitely give it a try. Although there basically is no variety in units, especially enemy units, some missions provide a very good challenge, but are not too frustrating if you take a minute or two to think and generally the game is fun, albeit a bit too slow."
76561198038597623,Recommended,242570,17724075,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Delta 66,"This is a faithful port of the Space Hulk 3rd Edition Boardgame. But nothing more.Recommended on sale as a pack with all DLC, but NOT worth the full price at all.+ Game ratings are low reflecting the numerous bugs on release, however now they have been fixed and the game is currently worth more than 50-60% ratings IMO.+ Gfx are pretty good.+ Decent tactical TBS gameplay.- There is nothing more than in the boardgame. Part of the attraction of the boardgame was painting the finely crafted miniatures.- As a video game it is a bit thin on content and gameplay- No RPG, nor units customization, nor campaign progress tracking.- The scrolling is slow, which is a problem when you play with the time limit option.- Main view and Strategic Map are not correlated, you can't use one to move the view on the other, which doesn't help navigating on large maps.- No map or unit editor, despite the promise. The game is badly crying for mods.- expensive considering the low replayability lack of variation or customization, and the fact that it take 10 hours to complete all the missions- The game is more or less deadLater the publisher, released Space Hulk: Ascension, which included plenty of RPG elements and customization possibilities as well as much more scenarios. However trying to make Ascension different enough from the first game. They changed the gameplay too much. As a result with have two games neither feeling completely satisfactory. In both cases they alienated part of the audience, which they also did for their Jagged Alliance Flashback.They clearly have technical skills. But somehow they failed on gameplay and marketing, creating high expectations but failing to fully deliver. The company is now sleeping, making no development, just seeling the games as they are."
,Not Recommended,242570,8121274,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Dr. Dick Stomper,"TL;DR:If you want a good SPACE HULK game, get ASCENSION. If you want something SPACE HULK but from an FPS perspective; Take a look at DEATH WING.This game is probably the biggest disappointment I have ever laid my hands on.This game does not do the board game justice. Your Marines are slow and clunky and the thrill of having your Marines miss their shots or have their gun jam right as a Gene Stealer is upon them is decimated.You will spend a majority of the time watching your Space Marines go CLUNK CLUNK CLUNK as they walk around in their Terminator Armour inside the insidious Space Hulk.As much as I would love to love this game (since I absolutely ADORE the board game) I cannot in good concious recommend this to anyone.They tried to recapture an icon of the Warhammer 40K universe and unfortunatly failed."
,Not Recommended,242570,7798324,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,perochialjoe,"Some things to know about this game:- 12 missions, one maybe two ways to beat them- Dice rolls randomly determine misses or kills, no wounding possible- Extremely slow paced- Performance issues- No customization options- Buggy as hell- Nowhere near worth the $30 price tag, or even $10 on a sale- No character progression / depth. Character dies in one mission? Alive for the next.Easily one of the worst games I have ever played. If you want a good strategy game, buy X-Com. If you want to play the Space Hulk boardgame, play one of the many free fan-made versions online.This game has a 58 Metacritic score, meaning 22 official reviews (not from random people, but from organizations) averaged out to a 58 / 100 score. Do yourself a favor and never buy this game.The company is also a complete joke. I have made a warning thread to players, telling them not to buy the game for the reasons listed above. Once at launch and once a few months later at a sale. The head of the company actually banned me for it. Do not support this company by buying this awful game."
76561198031749387,Not Recommended,242570,19979253,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,silversnake7,"Short review:If you're really into Space Hulk/ Warhammer 40k, or have a friend you really want to play this with, you might as well get it no matter what.If not, imagine a tower defense, where your towers can move, but miss all the time and might blow up due to sheer bad luck and gameplay is generally slow. Still sounds fun to you? Well, if you're enough of a masochist, enjoy, otherwise, better keep away.The experience of the game:If you play any Warhammer as a tabletop game, with a friend, or fellow players in one room, every move, every single dice roll can build up sweet tension, your strategy vs. your opponents, your luck vs. theirs and every time one of you makes an awesome move or seems to beat the odds, it can be hillarious.The game might translate the mechanics perfectly, but no matter what, it can not translate this feeling and at least for me, this is doing a lot and seems to turn the whole game into an ok puzzle at best and a boring random number generator at worst.Sometimes there might be a positive feel to it, if you pull of a good move, strengthening your position, or barely getting out of a tight situation. But, most of the time there is no feeling of achievement, when just another one of the hundreds of generic enemies you encounter dies, nor if you complete a level, really. On the other hand it can be rather frustrating, if the randomness turns against you big time, like a single enemy running down a hallway, all overwatch shots missing, the bolter jamming 4 times in a row and then your unit is dead and the whole mission might fall appart. Bad luck, rinse and repeat?! Meh.In addition to that, both visuals and sounds are just bad. Again, if it's tabletop, your imagination might fill in cool effects and so far, no graphics engine can beat good imagination. But, if a program shows you, how your unit is shooting the wall, while an enemy in the hallway next to it falls in a weird splash of red, that might be funny the first time, but in the end is just, well, really bad. It's pretty much the same with moving animations, first time it might look funny when your terminator is awkwardly wiggling backwars around a corner, but at some point it's just awkward. Also, it's good that you can crank up the animation speed, otherwise i might've died of boredom just watching unit movement.So i prefer... playing anything else."
,Recommended,242570,16536591,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Unzerbrechlich,"10/10This is a computer game reproduction of the tabletop boardgame, If you understand that, this game is amazing. All the mechanics, rules and randomness are because its origins as a tabletop game.The graphics are really lackluster, the models are cool with a nice semblance to the minis but they got not much detail or texture or material work on them. The effects are nice with really over the top gory blood.The sound design is really good with crunchy blasts, a nice metallic echo to everything you do and a nasty shriek to the filty Genestealers. The music gives you a nice background never interfering.Give this one a chance if only to help The Emperor, Brother Librarian Calistarius needs to fulfill his destiny at the Second War for Armageddon..."
,Recommended,242570,15944777,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Ryan,"Space Hulk is a pretty good game. Everyone who knows me that my two favorite universes are Lord of the Rings and Warhammer 40k, so I may be a little biased, but I thoroughly enjoyed this game. It's tactically interesting, and it plays well. However, one of its greatest strengths is that it FEELS like a Warhammer 40k game. The universe is, of course, based off of the tabletop miniatures games, and Space Hulk is one of the first Warhammer 40k games I've played that felt like I was playing the tabletop version. That's really rare. Other 40k games, such as Space Marine or Dawn of War, are great in their own right, but Space Hulk manages to capture that special nostalgia I get when playing the tabletop version and digitize it.That being said, Space Hulk is not a very long game. It took me about five hours to beat. The remaining twenty hours were spent grinding to get 40,000 kills. Yep, 40,000 kills is a /lot/. And the grinding SUCKED. Normally, this would be an instant disqualification from being recommended (40,000 kills?! COME ON!) but because I had lots of fun and enjoyed the atmosphere very much, I'll recommend the game -- with the caveat, however, that if you're achievement hunting, you're gonna have a bad time."
,Recommended,242570,15324010,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Major Wibble,This game is great BUT the developers have made another Space Hulk game called Space Hulk: Ascension which adds more content and makes it like a PC game instead of just a copy of the board game.If you want to play a good but challenging turn based combat game get Space Hulk: Ascension because its more up to date.
76561198044837314,Recommended,242570,10539863,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sunbrick,"Straight forward turn based strategy. Like a board game come to life really. Not for you if you like anything more fast paced, but it gets pretty tactical and there are certainly some nail biting moments when you're waiting to see if your plans work or the Genestealers inch closer."
76561198046335687,Not Recommended,242570,31957617,Posted: 25 May,all,Fuchs Yamada,"Just like the table top except you have no dice rolls or roll tables just unknown AI based RNG. Prepare to play through the same scenario multiple times with the same tactics (with no indication what you are doing wrong) until you finally beat a level.Its exactly like the board game, just remove the dice/rules and pretend its fun......But seriously half of the fun with table top games is getting a clutch dice roll."
76561197989952481,Recommended,242570,22556693,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Cups,"Ah, dice games.If you like them, you will like this.  Yes, they can be frustrating, but this is a near perfect adaptation of the board game and a LOT cheaper."
76561197986990575,Recommended,242570,16732499,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Wado Kai,"I am a huge fan of the original Space Hulk from 1993 - it was great. I was hoping this was a modern remake - it is not. It is really a tactical, turn-based game where you try not to have too many Terminators die. I found the game fun and challenging initially, but after a while it just got tedious. As I have mentioned before, I almost always finish a game, and there are just a few where I have just said, ""Screw it,"" and deleted them prematurely. Space Hulk is one of those games.Graphics were decent, sound was decent - it is the repetitiveness that gets tedious.Rating: 3/5"
76561198053907508,Recommended,242570,33710193,Posted: 21 July,all,KillerKrieg,"Easily one of the most underrated games on steam. It absolutely blows me away that this game was griped on for being too much like the board game, which would be vastly more expensive than this game by the way. This game is a PERFECT Space Hulk adaptation, and is by far the most faithful both to the board game, and the 1993 PC Space Hulk classic.For those who have never played either of the above. The gameplay is as follows; Space Marines fight against the Xenomorph esque Genestealers in extremely close combat. Often times you can only have one Marine holding a single corridor because they are so tight(at times you can have your marines cover eachother by having either a space marine from the side have his line of fire overlap with the Xenos  path to your soldiers, or you can, in a large enough room put two space marines get next to eachother and if the 'Stealers get close enough both Marines will be able to fire on it at once.) depending on your point of view this can either be a plus or a minus as you can sometimes only have one marine able to cover a single point, however it also means the Xenos CANNOT simply get around the Space Marine either, they can only go through it which is easier said than done. There are LOADS of awesome weaponry, 'Storm Bolter' Assault rifles, do a good job of cutting Xenos down at a range, and if you need more firepower there are Heavy Flamers(flamethrowers), massive chainguns, melee classes for twisty turny corridors that leave you in hand to hand combat most of the time anyway(to your unfortunate disadvantage) and there are badass Librarians with psychic powers who truly control the battlefield to your advantage.Though the A.I. is *somewhat* flawed, even against it the strategy in this turn based game is ABSOLUTE. I would even go as far as to say that it is, in fact, more strategic than Dawn of War, one of the other Warhammer 40k games available on steam, in which the A.I. simply cheats by having more resources than the player on the higher difficulties, and you will have to push your brain to extreme levels of strategy and thought if you are to have a chance in some of these insane levels. Something I like is that, as much as it does sometimes make dumb decisions, the A.I. Is an actual challenge for the player even on normal, keeping you from needing to put it on hard(where the this game will ALSO cheat in the way of a forced timer and forced less command points(which are extra action points for your team.)The graphics are extremely good, but also extremely well optimized. It is VERY easy to to meet your own demands for either  graphical quality, or for high framerate, whatever it is you need because there a lot of graphical options.The gameplay is VERY fun, it brings Space Hulk as a board game TO LIFE, and as a turn based game, it is as good as any other turn based game out there. The game is actually vastly enhanced by the DLC chapters which give you many more missions and many more options.The multiplayer is absolutely fantastic, on multiple levels. For one thing, the game does a good job of supporting multiplayer, meaning you don't have to jump through the hoops of deactivating firewalls to host a multiplayer game. You just put one up and other people can see and join it, the way it should be, much like in Left 4 Dead 2. Even if you and a friend who own the game don't have much of the DLC, there are randomized missions just for multiplayer to keep the action alive.Literally, the only bad thing about this game is the fact that there is *nobody* playing it. I can't believe it because it has one of the funnest and most competitive multiplayer modes I've ever seen.In short if you love Space Hulk, either as a board game, video game, or as a concept in general, this is the game for you."
76561198005583668,Not Recommended,242570,8134619,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,jeremy380,Released for PC in August 2013. Has been released on several more platforms since. It still doesn't have all of it's launch features. The developers seem to have cashed in on pre orders and don’t seem to be interested in and/or able to finish the product as promoted.
76561197960859768,Recommended,242570,22698821,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ultra Ginga,A classic Warhammer 40K game.Play as a Terminator squad boarding vessels and combatting the enemy.I nice top-down turn based squad strategy game.If you like Warhammer 40K and you like your games at a more slow and calculated pace definitely pick this up.
76561198051351289,Recommended,242570,14200820,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,thelegend27 [squid],Cheaper than the board game10/10 would purge again
76561197984597692,Recommended,242570,12503826,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Jayples,"If you enjoyed the boardgame iterations of Space Hulk there is a whole lot to love about this game.If on the other hand  you were expecting XCOM meets 40k - you will almost certainly be disappointed (though the forthcoming Space Hulk Ascension will be more up your street I think.For what it set out to be this game is a triumph, and I salute the devs for staying true to the boardgame at the expense of being more broadly appealling to the video gaming customer base.A faithul recreation of the Space Hulk experience. The only thing that lets it down are the below average sfx and the pretty basic combat animations."
76561197975981476,Recommended,242570,8429802,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Babaski,"A wonderful and faithful adaptation of the third editon of Space Hulk. Ignore the metascore, play it alone, or better yet with friends and enjoy very many happy hours covering arcs and setting overwatch lest the gribblies get you.Enjoy the tension as small mistakes allow the Genestealer player to overrun your SPESS MEHREENS. Cry tears of joy as you complete the objective one turn away from disaster.This game will please veterans of the original board game and casual players alike."
,Not Recommended,242570,7798104,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,jackfool,"The controls are inconsistent and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and success on any given map is dictated by whether or not your weapon jams after the first genestealer rushes you or the third one. Rather than having to figure out a tactical plan and then execute it, there's nothing to be ""solved,"" the plan is obvious from the first time you see the map and you just reload again and again hoping the dice work out this time. I recognize this is meant to be a simulation of a tabletop game but it's on a computer now so it's gonna get compared to other computer games. Resting everything on a d6 is fine for a tabletop game but it turns out computer games don't need to be constrained like that.After I got through the tutorial the other campaigns have maps that are bigger and so far some of them are more challenging. It's only crashed-to-desktop on me twice once I got it working. At that point (like a couple hours in) it feels worth it to fight the controls but I can't recommend a game that takes 2-3 hours to ""pick up"" while you reload over and over.- Initial install problem: I knew the bad reputation this thing had but I figured since it's hugely discounted it couldn't hurt to try it. It took two tries to actually install the game and then for the first 2 hours I couldn't even get it to launch, just says ""Oops! The game crashed"" and then whatever happened to the failed install immediately broke all the other unity games I had.Full Control needs to do a lot better with their other games before they get them on Steam.- Editing to respond to tendoncutter: This thing was a buggy crash-to-desktop ♥♥♥♥in nightmare from when it was first released, I avoided it up until now, and then I let a bunch of friends talk me into buying it during this sale. It actually crashed on Install and then I had to strip everything out and reinstall it so I could experience the joy of a game tripping over a ♥♥♥♥ing windows font it doesn't even use. I got it working a couple hours later after fixing a problem with the unity engine its built on *that only affects this version of unity 4*. I found the fix on a forum for a *different* unity-based game I don't even own. This game company doesn't have any troubleshooting stuff in their FAQ or anything anywhere it seems. They got back to me in email the next day but didn't know what to do. It says right in the log I sent them it's a font problem but they ""needed more data"" of course by then it was too late I'd already fixed it."
76561198100722430,Recommended,242570,22626540,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Da Bozz,"I played the original board game back in the day (late 1980s) - and it was one of the best board games ever devised. I played the previous Space hulk video games (Space Hulk on Amiga and Space Hulk vengence on PC/PS2?) and they too were excellent.I bought this Space Hulk video game (and I bought it on iOS for my iPad too) pretty much as soon as I saw it - and I rarely buy games not on sale.This version of Space Hulk was very close to the board game.  The initial build of the game was OK(ish) - good core gameplay, but quite a few flaws that needed to be (and were) sorted out with later patches. As this Space Hulk was so close to the board game, I was dissapointed that the original board game expansions (Deathwing and Genestealer) were never added to the base game as DLC, but you can't have everything I guess.The game mechanics are solid, there are a good set of scenarios linked into a story, the AI opponent is competent and - most importantly - the scenarios are well designed and balanced. If you play well you will win (probably, unless you have some very bad dice rolls). If you play badly you will lose (and lucky dice won't save you). Only downside is you can't play scenarios as the Tyranids against the computer's Terminators on solo.Personally, so far, I prefer this Space Hulk to Space Hulk:Ascention. I've played this Space Hulk through start to end on iPad, and again on PC, but I'm just not as keen on the added complexity/customisation element of Ascention.Overall its an excellent game, particularly at the price it often appears on sale."
76561198054460004,Not Recommended,242570,10214762,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Nuallán,"I'm a W40K fan, having four armies. Space Marines, Tau, two Imperial Guard factions (Armageddon Steel Legion and the Death Korps of Krieg) and even more of the faction books. I came into this game wanting to love it. Unfortunately it turned out to be a frustrating mess in which it felt like I won more through luck than strategy, which meant even when I won it didn't feel like an accomplishment, and whenever I lost it was usually due to the game's randomness not playing in my favor.When I go to play a strategy game, I expect a reasonable challenge in which I win through craft, out-thinking my opponent, and as one might expect, through strategy and skill. This game is too simple to the point that once you've got the basics you know what you should do for every scenario, and even when you do just that, there's a good chance you'll lose anyway just because the computer decided that you'll miss 8 shots in a row, and decided arbitrarily to throw 8 'nids at you en masse.Now I'm not the end-all, beat-all game critic here, but I came into this game wanting to love it, and left sorely disappointed. This is a very sad day for the Imperium indeed."
76561198370781826,Recommended,242570,30293781,Posted: 3 March,all,m.bell1962,"Many of the early reviews about this game talked about the clunky movement of the Genestealers, but having just purchesed this game on my windows 10 laptop, my inital reaction is WOW.  Maybe they added a few patches when it first came out but I've had no trouble with any poor movements, the Genestealers move fast in normal mode, but you can speed movements up on both Genestealers and Marines. (Although if you are a fan of the board game I don't know why you would want to)This game is fantastic, and I can't beleive anyone who likes the board game would be dissapointed in this.The graphics, movements and action are fantastic (Espeically the Gat Gun cutting a genestealer in half), and it gives the same sense of dread as the board game, if not more so when you see the genestealers runnng along a nearby corridor.  The Space Marines look great and the head cam view from them in the top right corner gives the real sense of narrow dark corridors. The missions are a challenge in Normal Mode, god only knows what they'll be liked in Expert mode.Such a shame the company behind this game aren't going to be making anymore of the expansions for it.If you are tempted, I'd advise buying the bundle pack wth all expansions included.I'd give this game 10 out of 10"
76561198048429312,Recommended,242570,18256769,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,The Skate and Revolution,It's better than spending $300 on the board game and is a very faithful recreation.
,Recommended,242570,12144056,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,coconono,faithful recreation of the tabletop game I spent too many hours wiling away at.
,Not Recommended,242570,11054533,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Cygon,"What happens when you add dice to a game? You randomly win or lose through no skill or fault of your own.Now the art of playing these tabletop games is to tip the odds in your favor. Except in Space Hulk, you regularly can't. You have your Space Marine standing in a 1 square wide corridor you have to pass through. None of his battle brothers can fire past him. Attacking allows you to kill 1 or 2 enemies in front of you (if the dice like you) - any more and you're dead. Too bad, then, that they spawn in groups of 3.Overwatch to the rescue! Setting your Space Marines to overwatch, they can shoot any number of enemies (3, 6, 9 - don't care) during the enemy turn. So you spend your 4 AP moving 2 squares and going into Overwatch. Bam! Enemy group killed. Next turn. Bam! Enemy group killed. Next turn. ""My weapon has jammed"" - oops, bad dice roll, your Space Marine is dead.Maybe experienced DnD players can enjoy this kind of gameplay. I can't."
,Not Recommended,242570,12875380,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Gekkibi,"It's an ok Space Hulk game, but... And it's a stinking but.The developers have talked about adding a level editor to the game. The team's website and the official Space Hulk site originally said that the level editor is already in the game. After I brought this up (over a year ago) they changed it to ""upcoming"". Now they're saying that because of Games Workshop they have troubles adding it. Sorry, but that's not going to cut what you have said in the past.Now when they're about to release an updated version of the game (you have to purchase it separately) I simply lack any faith they're going to add anything to this game any longer."
,Recommended,242570,12919670,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"I've been playing Space Hulk the board game since it was released. This is a great digital recreation of that board game. Bear that in mind when considering purchasing. If you are a 40K fan and hate Terminators, enjoy this game and watching them die. I prefer this to the old 3DO version. It is especially nice if you don't have anyone to play Space Hulk with. Needs Deathwing. (Just like second edition of 40K, learn to Overwatch.)"
76561198002567771,Recommended,242570,12360237,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Xenus Icelon,"Space Hulk, by internet time standards an ancient boardgame, available as a turn based videogame on steam.Players are the space marines from Warhammer 40k and enter a space hulk full of genestealers(Aliens with really sharp claws). Simple premise, for a simple game. Space Hulk is easy to learn and has both co-op and versus multiplayer if you want to play it with friends. It does suffer from niche-itis, in that the space marines' oversized armour restricts their movement(This is a key part of the game, positioning them right so they aren't flanked), and the inherrent dice and chance based things as are common in many Warhammer boardgames are not something everyone enjoys playing with. These space marines will die if they get jumped by a genestealer, are slow to move, their guns may jam, and they may miss six times or even more in a row if you just don't have the luck.But that's part of the fun and gameplay, your goal is to get these marines to do a mission and preferably without them all getting slaughtered, as this is turn based and a most mechanics use chance you will find that tactics and positioning will allow you to win the day more often than just being lucky. Being lucky helps, of course, but if you position things to reduce how much chance is involved then it is only a small factor in leading your squad to victory. This is not too difficult in single player, but becomes a lot tougher when you go online and allow a player to control the genestealers.In the end, it's pretty good but it is slow, clearly based on a boardgame, and has chance based mechanics. If you do not mind this then it's a fun title to play some rounds with or against friends, complete the single player campaign and just generally enjoy. But if you're not into any of those then you may be better off getting something else"
76561198048006668,Recommended,242570,18939530,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Tracky,"Huh since when did my childhood arrive again. If you buy a game, this is THE ONE :D"
76561198002541459,Recommended,242570,18480631,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Hamlet23,"A near-perfect version of the boardgame. Yeah, the graphics could be a bit better, but the gameplay is the thing.If you like turn-based strategy, and or the Space Hulk board game you will like this game."
76561197982994829,Recommended,242570,9542663,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Raynor Gunnolf,"this game bring the board game to life on the pc . the spacewolves dlc is very good , the skins are so well done and the snow maps are very well made . looking forward to other chapters being added . the only downfall i could say about this game is the price and the dlcs added together but i was lucky enuff to grab it in a sale for £10 so the money i saved i bought the dlcs to the game . i really hoping this company carry on there great work in warhammer 40k world . i would recommand this game if you love warhammer 40k ."
,Not Recommended,242570,10773078,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Minibot,"Granted, I have only played 1 hour so far, but I already have my fill with this game. Every level I have seen so far has been set in hallways, there is much less tactical play than first espected out of a Warhammer 40k title.I will keep playing for a little more, hoping that it will become more complex."
76561198026674109,Not Recommended,242570,10302497,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Stout,"Space Hulk is incredibly disappointing. As a fan of turn-based strategy games and the Space Hulk: Death Angel card game, I anticipated this title with what I thought were reasonable expectations, though this game did not come close to meeting them.The graphics and animation have no notable qualities. The game is ugly, sluggish and plays like an iPhone title. One can easily waste a turn making a misclick and watching their lumbering character turn to face the wall.The gameplay is pitiful in comparison to any recent turn-based strategy game. There is nothing to a lot of the maps other than setting up an overwatch, waiting for the genestealers to come to you and getting the requisite kills to complete the mission. The map layouts are simple and linear and would have been much better with an element of randomization like the card game mentioned above. That feature would have also added some replay value to this, which currently has none. There is no sense of exploration or cautious advance that XCOM: Enemy Unknown provides and no sense of personality or team relationships that is featured in Fire Emblem Awakening. There is also no character progression system that allows you to customize or favor individual units such as those systems offered in XCOM, Fire Emblem or Battle for Wesnoth.I would not recommend this game to anyone; all, including Space Hulk fans, would be much better served playing XCOM, Fire Emblem or Battle for Wesnoth and passing on this one.Luckily, I bought this game on a Steam sale and only committed $6.24. I do not even believe that payment was worthwhile as that small amount could have paid for a lunch. I cannot believe the list price of this game is $29.99. A $.99 price point seems right for what is offered, but even then, one’s time could be better spent in other endeavors.Unfortunately for the player, but I guess fortunately for the developer, a demo was not offered for Space Hulk. Playing a demo of this game would have allowed me to realize these issues and avoid the expenditure of any money on it."
,Not Recommended,242570,9444383,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Adm-Thrawn,It could have been a great game if the game was not SO SLOWWWWWWW
76561197972494742,Recommended,242570,28209511,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,alex_roach,"Great adaptation of the board game. Involves a lot of random rolls, but quite a bit more forgiving than table top version, since you can ""undo"" your last move even after the roll.In this version of the classic board game, player controls a squad of Space Marine Terminators of Blood Angels chapter, as they delve into the cavernous corridors of massive space hulk, infested with genestealer aliens. Each Terminator has 4 action points to spend on your turn, and literally every slightest move costs action points, including changing facing. Luckily, on every turn you get a common pool of a 1-6 command points that can be spend by your squad to do additional actions. Poor roll of command points can be rerolled once per round, as long as at least one squad sargenat is alive. Leaning to take maximum advantage of action economy is key to being good at this game.Just like any other game based on dice rolls, the random factor can feel punishing to beginners, but the game is quite easy overall, I think I managed to do most missions in a single attempt.Notable differences from table top is that you can't play as Genestealers in a single player campaign. Some weapons and powers work with slight differences (most notably flamer) and unfortunately video game did not include the new missions from third edition.Overall, it is a light and enjoayble board game adaptation, especially if you are a fan of table top space hulk and having trouble bringing this massive game to the table regularly."
,Recommended,242570,8773864,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,EvaUnit02,A replica of the fantastic board game.
,Recommended,242570,9731288,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Quiddity,"This remake of Space Hulk is a return to a video game implementation of the classic tabletop board game. Gone are the controllable first-person elements from Space Hulk: Vengeance Of The Blood Angels, which in themselves were an attempt at providing further immersion than the original Space Hulk video game (a blast from the past from 1993!) .Of course, the graphics quality has been gently ushered into the modern age. Copenhagen developmers Full Control Apps have done a quite decent job modelling environments and characters, and an excellent job of remaining completely faithful to the tabletop edition in terms of gameplay. The music and sound-effects are very atmospheric, and immersing yourself into the feel of Space Hulk (especially the first time in the dead of night with the lights off) is really fun. Franchise fans, will find the horrific aspects of this sort of video game is very appealing in experiential terms, and the immersion in a no-way-out survival horror is probably high on the list of reasons to play.Players can roam the hulk ""Sin Of Damnation"" (an expansion set for the board game) as either fearsome Genestealer Tyranids, or heroic Blood Angel Space Marines. The single-player campaign clads your squad of four in classic Warhammer: 40,000 Terminator Armor with all associated weaponry. They carry out your orders with appropriate battle cries of ""For the Emperor!"" and such-like. When squad members inevitably fall in close-combat with Genestealer, their death throes are accompanied with sentiments to the effect of ""Avenge me, my brothers!"". You will need to do a lot of avenging in the course of the campaign if you set the difficulty up high.Unfortunately, the game is also punishing in terms of performance. Though many actions of the AI are based on six-sided dice rolls of only a few dice, the psuedorandom number generator used might well  be using floating point variables of many significant figures, for the eternity it takes to decide upon death without recourse. However, if you roll bad dice in your turn resulting in any mistake including death, there's always the Undo button. If you're terribly frustrated with a particular mission (stupid chapter artifact, why can't these pansy marines pick up a dumb chalice?) you may find yourself in a situation where spamming Undo on your turn will be the only thing which seems to get you through a difficult spot other than reducing the difficulty setting. Considering the requirements of the game, framerates go low and slow (especially with higher numbers of pixels on larger displays). This can be remedied acceptable by reducing graphics quality to medium and changing other settings. There's no pressing need for high framerates, because this a clear turn-based strategy. But smooth-scrolling around the map is necessary to keep track of what's going on. Especially when dropship teleporters malfunction during deployment! A stranded, lone Terminator faced with corridors on several sides makes an easy target for voracious Genestealers. They run in packs, don't let them get close, or even ol'lightning claws can have regrets.The animations of Terminators heroically firing weapons gets repetitive before the end of the second map in single-player. This is quickly and easily solved by turning it off entirely in the options. The animations still play, but the camera doesn't zoom into each Terminator while firing. However, the animations still go on too long. When placing a Terminator with a Storm Bolter into Overwatch mode over a long corridor filled with Genestealers, it's time to go make coffee as literally hundreds of rounds are fired with no way to skip over the animation. It's worth marveling at this once or twice, but quickly becomes boring. The same can be said of the movement, although this can be sped up. However, at maximum speed, Genestealers are more frightening than necessary, and Terminators clump around with like humourously inarticulated style of LEGO-figurines, so fast is as fast as fast goes with that.Of course you can always play online, and the matchmaking server will set you up against any number of eager opponents ready to kick you around the board until you just can't take it any more. I'm sure it's a long-forgotten personal motto of Blood Angels chapter librarians that in order to know the sweet ambrosia of victory one must drink of defeat until the very last bitter dregs, or something to similar effect. Whatever the cost, the Blood Angels shall redeem themselves, as their hands are mere extensions of the Emperor's will, etc. etc. So to keep things interesting, new maps and characters and campaigns must be provided for these extensions of the Emperors will, or the warp will make devils of idle hands. Or something. In typically mercenary Games Workshop style, these sorts of expansions are sold at a premium as DLC for Space Hulk. Just like the board game, so while it's a depressing monetary vacuum for fans, that Games Workshop have licensed an all-consuming Eye Of Terror for bank accounts isn't surprising. Fellow chosen of the Imperium, we must turn back this tide of Chaos! We must invoke... the Emperor's discount! In all seriousness, AU$20 is expensive for what Space Hulk offers. AU$10 would have satisfied the Emperor's chosen far more. The current asking price of AU$5/each for DLC packs is far too much. The best advice here is to wait for the bundle sale before deployment. Like the migration of Tyranid hives, a percentage off will inevitably intersect our space."
76561198048974498,Recommended,242570,11322133,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,rjmacready,"I played the original board game of this once or twice back in the day, but I'll be honest with you...it was one of those games I found to be SO heavy in rules and the many little exceptions thereof, that I never really got my head around it enough to enjoy it.Fortunately, with the advent of these nifty new thangs they have these days called ""video games"" - that is, ones more complicated than Space Invaders or whatever was around when the Space Hulk board game first reared its ugly mug - you only have to remember about HALF the rules, and the computer remembers the other half for you.It even helpfully points out all the options you have for your next move, as opposed to ""tough♥♥♥♥♥♥for not remembering rule number 357 in the manual, that may just have saved your life back there"". God bless video games for allowing people like me to unapologetically live out the rest of our days as the unrepentent dumb-arses we truly are.So what of the merits of said video game, then?  Well, they say there's no accounting for taste, and the rather poor metascore of this amazingly well-designed turn-based strategy game would seem to lend some credence to that assertion. Heck, I don't even LIKE turn-based strategy games that much, not least of all 'cause I'm such a tactless buffoon, and yet this one has proven thus far to be just challenging enough for me, while still eminently completable. Thus far.Admittedly I'm only about seven or eight missions in, and more than one of them has required multiple attempts to conquer. But if you're willing to gradually learn from your errors and accept that sheer dumb luck plays something of a part (though not TOO huge a part...careful forethought and planning will still mostly see you through), then you just may find this as addictive as I've found it so far.It's very ""more-ish"" actually. The only reason I'm not gonna play another mission right now is that it's 5am in the morning and seeing since the last couple of missions took me an hour or so to complete, I should probably just finish this review and go to bed before the sun rises, like ""normal"" people supposedly aspire to doing. Good thing I don't currently have one of those evil ""job"" things to stop me from being so gosh-darned productive with my life...yes indeedy, GOD BLESS VIDEO GAMES.And God bless Steam for giving me thousands of the cursed things to play before I finally lay down in a pauper's grave with ""Did Nothing, Achieved Nothing"" as my epitaph. But they'll be wrong, oh so wrong. 'Cause I've been a SPACE MARINE, ♥♥♥♥ you all. A Space Marine who has led squads in successful missions against the wretched Genestealers. Saint Pete'd better be takin' THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥into account when I'm linin' up for my place in Paradise, I tell ya...Verdict: 9.5/10.(Oh, and in the interests of a more ""balanced"" review, just a couple of quick criticisms...namely the almost complete absence of in-game music, and the somewhat overly expensive price tag, given ""what it is"". But that's why Steam have about a dozen-plus sales a year...for cheap-arses like us, right? I'll say it again...GOD BLESS STEAM. Can I have some free stuff now, please?)"
76561197990013076,Not Recommended,242570,10825637,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Shazai,"I feel disappointed with this:Visuals:I found the visuals of the game to be very enjoyable and captures the atmosphere well of the brand.Animations:Some are great like the some the combat animations others feel a little stiff or unnatural, slow turning springs to mind diagonal movements and genestealer hitting units.Gameplay:What is there is okay, its not chaos gate for those who know what i am talking about. But its enjoyable if anything short in length spanning over 3 level tutorials. Before your are required to pull up your wallet again which brings me to next point.Overpricing:While the game has some good elements and have lots potential i feel the price way of the top for the amount of content, if its a case of the multiplayer elements or cross platforming taking up all the developers time or not, is really hard to tell but nevertheless the pricing of 22,99 euros at normal price without discounts i feel is to much for 3 playable campaign levels. It feels to me like the game is a microtransaction sink where after 3 levels you are left with microtransaction DLC for about 6 euros per mission.Multiplayer/cross platform:I for good reasons have not tested cross platform as i am pc user only and personally have not multiplayer tested it either since i am more a sort of single player kind of person. So to be fair i will leave that out my review so you will have to use your judgement here or look that up elsewhere.ALL IN ALL:For a lower price or adding the DLC levels in for about current price maybe i could support a recommend, but at this state i would only remotely recommend it at a really high end discount like the -75% at best."
,Not Recommended,242570,10959542,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,quantumRyan,"I'm not having fun. This game is flawed.I really, really thought I would like this game. Doing dice rolls makes it so you play the level and fail until you get a lucky roll of the dice. At first I didn't think this would be the case, as you have to make decisions that reflect chances, but the first few levels are designed in a way that it's just dumb luck.I played for 70 minutes before I beat the second level. I beat the first in less than 10 minutes in a single try. The next 60 minutes I played and replayed the second level, fighting good dice rolls. One play through I attempted to break down the door 24 times (3 turns x 4, +6 extra x 2) before a Genestealer knocked it down for me. I killed that Genestealer, then my gun jammed. When I finally won, it took less than 3 minutes.I'm not having fun. This game is flawed."
,Not Recommended,242570,10814053,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Rogue,"Slow, plodding, methodical, and boring game.  I assume it is faithful to the board game, but the game clearly shows its age.  X-Com (any of them) is far superior to this."
76561197977905088,Recommended,242570,17469945,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,The Stranger,Excellent adaption of the board game.
,Not Recommended,242570,9492513,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Gutameister5,"How do I describe how awful this game is? Should I start with the ridiculous low percentage given for any firing done by terminators? Or how about the low survival rate for space marines in ♥♥♥♥ING TERMINATOR ARMOR, which should make them AT LEAST as good as genestealers, whereas in the game they are weak pathetic children in the ring against Mike Tyson. How about the wonky animations, or the inability to cancel actions or undo them on your turn in a game where each movement could be the difference between victory and defeat? These are just a few of the reasons that this game is GARBAGE, and I would recommend the board game version....oh wait, that♥♥♥♥♥♥costs $100 and up on ebay due to GW's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ limited release of the game. ♥♥♥♥ you space hulk, and ♥♥♥♥ games workshop."
76561197975359487,Not Recommended,242570,11000750,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Savage,"Multiplayer is still broken as of the latest patch that they've done. Can't even host a game half the time. Fix your bloody game!While the game is actually enjoyable (when it works) I can't condone the cost of the game and its dlc campaigns which I feel don't justify the cost versus the content. Not to mention they make you pay for an additional chapter, and the customisation of your banner and level of freedom you have is a joke.I got this game during the Steam summer sale (3 quid for 2 copies). Having played it, there is no way, in hell, with the lack of content present in this game, that it's worth 22,99 euros. No amount of reason or defense can condone such a price considering the extra cost added on top of that if you want the extra campaigns."
76561198003586786,Not Recommended,242570,9708713,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Turrican,"When this game was first released it was a shambolic, buggy mess.  I have heard that many of the bugs have since been fixed, but it really isn't good enough to sell a game as a full price release offering just ten or so missions, which is not even fit for purpose.  I played for 7 hours and that was really enough for me.  The initial experience has probably soured my opinion of the game permanently.  There is some strategy and enjoyment here but the game is slow, repetitive and looks terrible.  Perhaps the greatest failing for me was the complete lack of customisation or any connection the player feels towards his marines.  You can't even choose the marine's loadouts or name them and they don't increase in ability in any way in between missions.  This means you have no attachment to any of the marines and don't care when they die.  All in all, not enough time was spent making this game and it lacks any real innovation or little touches that would have made it an enjoyable title and done the IP justice."
,Recommended,242570,20826634,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,m0to,this is a great game for its price it is a good straty. It also is like playing a tabletop warhammer game but animated!
76561197972520247,Recommended,242570,14740299,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,JuggGonzo,Its just Space Hulk that we love. Highly recomend over Ascencion for SH fans.
76561197962274131,Recommended,242570,15043052,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Capto,The Emperor of Mankind commands you to get this game and play the hell out of it or else you're a heretic. Are you really going to disappoint Him?
76561198040811698,Recommended,242570,10816909,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Darkclaw3050,"A fun tactics game, I would recommend it to fans of the genre or of the Warhammer Space Marines, just know what you are getting and don't expect XCOM.+Base game comes with 18 missions+Good tactical view and turn-based tactics gameplay+Good camera control and zoom+Save anytime mid-mission+Both online multiplayer and local hotseat play available+Variety of Space Marine roles and weapons keeps things interesting and encourages strategy+DLC adds about 18 additional missions as well as some new weapons and skins-DLC can be costly for what you get (usually $5 for 5 missions)-Not very immersive since there is no story between missions-Some poor optimization with graphics as well as map scrolling-No ability to customize or even see your units/loadouts before missions.-Very little enemy variety (primarily 1 type, with melee attacks only).-All hits are KOs so luck can play a large role-Units don't carry over or level up, so little incentive to keep them alive."
76561197991383568,Recommended,242570,15977800,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mahnke2,"Great game, very difficult.  Not impossible, but you need to think before you move.Similar to the board/table top game"
,Recommended,242570,3350085,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Isendel Steel R/T,"Back to the original :)) - saves all the set-up time, and chasing those dice around the floor."
,Recommended,242570,15424223,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,zee.earthling,Great for rainy days this one. Recaptured the original Board Game flawlessly. Could do with less DLC. 9/10
76561198116177204,Recommended,242570,15345425,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,LilSongbird,"Great game! I love the asymmetric design and the tension of limited Marine forces against an endless horde. :) If you're a fan of similar sci-fi / fantasy board games such as HeroQuest, Heroscape, Descent, or Memoir '44, then this game is probably for you."
,Recommended,242570,11353038,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Bloody Greek,"Great game if you liked the board game. HUGE support by the company. At a personal level, i respect the support and the attitude of the developer towards this title."
,Recommended,242570,16591201,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,heinrich.böller,"surprisingly entertaining. a simple mechanism but it works. xcom comes to mind, which is more complex of course. and the warhammer 40k feel, always nice. price is too high though, but on sale, get it."
76561197999672106,Recommended,242570,10951699,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[iD-uK] Slaughter,This game brings back all of the excitement and heartache of the real thing! a total must-buy for any true fan!
,Recommended,242570,7882166,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Karnesdorff,"This game is pretty good, but way overpriced for what you get if you pay full price for it.This game is the Space Hulk board game transferred to PC, to the extent that as you play you can look at a box in the corner of the screen where it shows you the random number generator 'rolling dice' for every shooting attack or hand to hand combat attack. In all honesty this game isn't in the same class as the previous incarnation of Space hulk on the PC, especially the venerable 'Vengeance of the Blood Angels', which took the concept of Space Hulk and made something true to board game, but not a direct lift of it like this version.Having said that, if all you want is to be able to play the board game on our PC and watch Terminators and Genestealers fight it out, it's worth considering. It is a fun diversion and enjoyable while it lasts, though it's very much NOT worth the full RRP. I got this for just under £8 in the Steam sale and I'd say that around that price is right for it. £20 for a game you can blast through the main campaign of in little more than 10ish hours isn't worth it unless you are a diehard fan of the franchise.In short, if you can find it cheap, try it if you like TBS games or have fond memories of playing Space Hulk, if not, move along."
,Recommended,242570,9132071,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Stephen Paddock,"I never knew guns could jam so much :'(I could eat a baby to only not jam for 1 more turn, or have 1 extra flamer fuel. Why must ye torment me so!"
,Recommended,242570,18257776,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Neil Nand,"Thought this was a really great game, only played the main one without the expansions so far (although I do have them) and despite what others said I don't think it's a short game & the bolters don't jam all the time. I found them to be very reliable.Terminators do die easily it combat though, but Genestealers are meant to be able to cut through their armour like paper so considering that they do survive more often that you'd think.From what I understand this is a straight conversion of the board game so all the 'rules' and game play come from that."
76561197985889715,Recommended,242570,17339187,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Cake_Zero,"It was released before it was properly tested, but the game has been continually improved, working out most of the problems with the original version."
76561198023974647,Not Recommended,242570,10226517,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Crusader Mike,"Buggy piece of sheet. v1.5 and ther are still crashes, items that sometimes give no bonuses (like shield) even though they should, Absolutely awful interface with unexplainable and annoying lags and delays. RNG that simply loves generating double (1+2)s or (2+2). Unattainable achievements. It is barely playable. Programmers who wrote this sham should commit harakiri."
76561197971393290,Recommended,242570,20662685,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SvenSvenson,"Very good conversion of the board game, but be aware - this is not an RTS or FPS. This is a digital board game and relatively slow to play."
,Not Recommended,242570,11220109,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Bri-O,"Way to random, repetitive levels, and slow movement. Melee troops are almost useless as even the best have a slightly better than 50% chance of surviving when attacking. Unfortunately they decided to faithfully implement a flawed board game."
76561197961441722,Not Recommended,242570,11542724,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Destrier,"I enjoyed the card/board game version but was really disappointed by the video game. The normal animation is slow and boring, the fast animation is ridiculous, and the graphics are about 10 years out of date. The user interface is functional but not elegant, there's no controller support, and everything is dark it is hard to see...I'd really just rather play a board game."
76561198019666305,Recommended,242570,13818024,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,eskill_overkill,"Really nice adaption of the boardgame, and since I often wished for good singleplayer rules for that because it's often pretty boring to play the Genestealers in that game, this is great! So, really recommend for people who likes the boardgame, for others, I guess it's a gamble."
76561198012179399,Not Recommended,242570,10199953,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Sgt.Slaughter,Worst 7.00 I ever spent....40K let down....I found the game mechanics cumbersome and the missions on normal to be damn near if not impossible. Missed with a bolter pistol 5 times on a pt blank target! Really? How bad did the programmers make the Space Marines? Hell I've played the table top games for years and never had the misses I have here. Very poorly done on the combat data.
,Not Recommended,242570,8216902,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,whitemagex,"The Game on several points is lacking compared to other games in its genera. There is no way cancel your action as your trying to move your guys, no undo, I found myself frustrated at first just trying to get people to face the way I want as I move. The graphics are poor, and all in all I dont feel any lore poping out at me. If you are a big War Hammer fan, you might enjoy it, but if you like turn based strats, you find this very much lacking compared to others you can get. I would strongly suggest not getting this."
,Not Recommended,242570,8529023,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Hailblade,"The odds will be against you. You will fail, a lot. You will start to hate the dice rolls. Less than one third of the players have survived 15 encounters. Unless you're a stubborn masochist, think twice, and hope for a heavy discount. Or, to put it in another way: roll two D6 dice, if you got double six, then there is a 50-50 chance you might like this, otherwise skip."
76561197997898951,Not Recommended,242570,35170847,Posted: 23 September,all,Papa Giuseppe,70% chance for your attack to miss80% chance for you weapon to jam90% chance for your melee commander to die in his first melee fight100% chance i'd recommend space crusade over this game
76561197979917588,Recommended,242570,8043252,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,SykoPenguin,"Classic Board Gaming made easy!  I'm not sure why so many people are down on this game.  The board game is out-of-print and sells for over $300 dollars, and if you were to invest in it, what are the odds you'll find someone to actually play it with?  For a tenth of that, you can play on your own or join with other fans easily.  Plus extra content?  It's an easy sell.  I'd say the only complaint I have is that so few other races aren't represented.  Space Hulks effect the entire universe, and some races actually use them for their own purposes.  Future Add-Ons that feature defending the Hulk as Orcs or Chaos, or even cleansing it as Tau or Eldar would be so much fun since they have their own rules and squads.  It would make for a much more dynamic game with lots more replayability.  Either way, what you get is a lot of fun and worth it."
,Not Recommended,242570,10233889,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Eggy,"Cost me only £4.99 in a sale and that was still £4.50 too much.No way to equip your troops, so you end up having limited ammo guys and Melee users.Corridoors only 1 tile wide ALL the time.  Overwatch, Overwatch, Overwatch spam.It looks and sounds great for the most part, but its been out for a long time and still has multiple bugs.I apreciate its in the Warhammer universe and they have a ""ruleset"" but I think they need to look at the new XCom game to see how you aproach tactical squad based turn games on the PC.One of the dullest games I have ever played."
,Recommended,242570,11041079,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,LucastheBird,I hate Brother Goriel
76561197974528440,Not Recommended,242570,9111461,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Watcher,"""My bolter has jammed.""This is not worth the time. I bought this because I like the Warhammer 40K franchise which is unfortunately plauged with sub-par games but I have never played the Space Hulk tabletop game that this is apparently based on.The combat is slow, repeditive and relies far too heavily on random dice rolls. I pressed on for a while despite the awful bolter jam mechanic but I had to stop playing when I was practically defeated by a single enemy who survived 6 moves worth of overwatch and 3 attacks during my turn and then killing one of my melee units in a single turn. Pure chance."
,Recommended,242570,31814545,Posted: 17 May,all,Crouton,"Classic, fun, play it and you will agree."
76561198008885147,Not Recommended,242570,8056277,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,SaFaRiJaCk LKR,Do yourself a favour and buy XCOM Enemy Unknown. Far far better than this.
,Not Recommended,242570,10814320,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cuprohastes,"A truly terrible game. The space marines waddle slowly around like they need their diapers changing, the dice roll mechanics mean they end up missing shots against targets that are sucking on the ends of thier guns, the control scheme is awful and ends up meaning you waste movement points trying to select your marine, and there is exactly one gameplay mechanic: Walk down a corridoor without dying. You can't customize your... anything. So no armour, colours, squad, weaponry... You get what you're given, suck it up.And to ice the cake, the best quality graphics mode looks cutting edge for 2004."
76561198058306567,Not Recommended,242570,8169057,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Crushskull,"Serously flawed game. Space Marines use weapons that fail often causing you to fail often. No reasonable military would go into battle with a weapon that jams almost 50%  of the time. Other ""power"" weapons can also fail 50% of the time. You might as well flip a coin to see if you might enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,242570,11915449,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Ozaline,"I loved this game for what it was, a faithful no frills recreation of the Space Hulk board game, but some months back when the multiplayer was revamped it totally killed the game (at least for a player like me who doesn't have many IRL friends who are into this sort of thing). Before you could create an asynchronous game, log off, and wait for someone else to join at which point you'd  essentially be playing by mail. I was playing the game every day, often with the full alotment of five games going... and it was great, something I could log into when I got home, and before I went to bed  (and maybe a few more times depending on the circumstances) and play my turns.Then the devs introduced a lot of new features, but also changed the games lobby so that games had to be set up in real time... and well damn, I've logged on a few times since then, but never have I found someone setting up a game... and I haven't been able to play since."
76561197961158957,Not Recommended,242570,7794764,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kellian,Love Space Hulk but this just didn't satisfy the itch that the physical board game is supposed to. It is faithful it just just doesn't have...it.
,Not Recommended,242570,8068647,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Phantom Payne,"Bare in mind I bought this game when it was priced at £23. It was a terrible decision; I loved playing the boardgame with my cousin, but we were never able to get together to play it. Then this game was announced, we were ecstatic to imagine a PC version of our beloved game was being made, finally we could enjoy the boardgame, which we never got to play, over the internet.This game is utter rubbish and a disgrace to the name of the game, it does not do the original game justice in any shape or form, it feels totally incomplete and buggy as all hell.Just do not give this company your money, do not praise bad creations. Give your money to a developer who deserves it."
,Not Recommended,242570,10762841,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Emperado,"As a big 40k fan and passionate GW collector, I was excited when I heard about this title. The images and videos really looked amazing, they still do.However, everything you can do in this game... feels unfinished. The sounds, the visuals, unit movement, unit behaviour. Feels like they just used some very early prototypes of everything and released it."
76561198069513316,Recommended,242570,8219292,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,riggingchimp,"Well, despite the pretty terrible metacritic rating, this game is actually pretty decent.Clearly a lot of bug fixing has been done since the release as I have encountered no problems (other than frequent jams on overwatch :P)If you are looking for a very faithful recreation of the original board game, this is what you want.If you want to run around shooting things in direct control, then go buy Space marine instead."
76561197977093104,Recommended,242570,8310938,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nafter,"Had a few doubts about this one from reading the initial reviews, but I saw it in the Steam sale and thought ‘What the hell?’. And I'm glad that I did.The game is pretty much exactly like the Space Hulk board game that I remember playing when I was younger, except the dice roles are handled automatically (although you can see the dice rolls if you like). In the single player campaign, you play as the Blood Angel Space Marines whilst the genestealers are controlled by the computer AI. The game doesn't particularly add anything that wasn't in the board game, which could be considered a bit of a missed opportunity but fans of the board game will probably be pleased about this. Personally, I felt that the option to change your squad setup for each mission could have added some variety to the game, and could have increased the replayability.Overall, I enjoyed playing through the single player campaigns currently available, and would certainly recommend this to anybody who likes the board game or turn-based strategy in general. There is a mission editor planned, as well as additional DLC campaigns, which will help to provide additional content once you've polished off the main campaign. It also features multiplayer options, allowing you to play online against your friends."
,Recommended,242570,8516709,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,lindyboi,just like the boardgame from my youth!
,Recommended,242570,8915243,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,sgtnasty,This game is awesome! THANK THE EMPEROR OF MANKIND
76561197997316475,Recommended,242570,8180244,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,jlook,"Space Hulk is one of those games that's always in my mental running for ""favorite board game of all time.""  It's a clean, simple design that still manages to be strategic, thematic, and atmospheric.  You don't often see all those qualities together in the same game, which makes it hard for me to not hold it with the reverence that I do.  Oh, and by the way, it's essentially the movie Aliens.  I'm not sure if we can be friends if you're not down with Aliens.  Yet I'm also a strong believer in there being something magical about playing board games face to face with friends.  I don't really do mulitplayer gaming digitally at all, since it fall short in comparison to having friends over for board games.So here's the deal with this Space Hulk game.  It's not worth $30.  If you're looking at the game right now and it's $30, don't buy it.  It's not up to that level and Full Control are out of their minds for thinking so.  That being said, this is a _GREAT_ game at $10.  It's Space Hulk, folks, no doubt about it.  There's a couple rules tweaks here and there (clearing a jam and how the flamer works for example), but this a very well done implimention of 3rd edition Space Hulk.  So what makes this not worth $30, particularly when it's a game that I at one point spent $100 on?  Polish.  The animations are servicable, but at times requires some imagination.  Yeah, imagination, let's go with that.  It's the kind of stuff I'd be completely okay with in a $5 game I got on my iPhone, but not in a $30 one I got on my PC.  There's a couple of other nagging things like scoping out the map being a little bit slow.  The default Terminator animations are PAINFULLY slow, but you can now adjust that.  Nothing deal breaking for sure, but things I would have felt more disappointed by had I paid full price.Bottom line is that if it's on sale, there's alot of fun that can be had here.  If you've never been fortunate to play the board game, this is a fine way to do so without selling a kidney.  It's one of the most influential board games ever published, especially in regards to video games, as you can see its DNA in games like Fallout and XCOM.Oh, and while it's not necessary to use the timer, I certainly wouldn't dismiss it either."
76561198079134182,Recommended,242570,9511237,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,GitSquisha,"Space Hulk the boardgame was brutal in every aspect - forcing you to be aware of moves and play conservatively enough to be on the good side of the dice gods. The conversion from board to video has not changed much of anything. It still stings to watch a good terminator die, and feels great to come out on top when you know your man should be dead. It is a good gateway to the grim-dark of the 40K universe - if you're alright with the knowledge that you're not going to win every game."
,Recommended,242570,8408320,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Endel Nurk,"Space Hulk is one of my favourite board games. This isn't quite good enough to replace it. Space Hulk is fast and tense, whereas this game is slower and, without those time constraints, easier. However it's also at least £100 cheaper and provides good value when compared to the board game."
76561198065709137,Recommended,242570,8191552,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Spacemarian(STP_UK),very good makes you think and just like the board we all used to play 10/10
76561198110404642,Recommended,242570,12029784,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Telperion,"Entertaining game, at times very difficult.  A great way to delve deeper into the Warhammer 40k universe."
,Recommended,242570,20426180,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Sir Dolphin,"As a warhammer fan I would have to reccoment you play this as it is a good represenataion of the actual board game. However if you do not like warhammer then this game might not be for you, unless you like turn based strategy games that require some thought."
76561198063037243,Recommended,242570,14817065,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,DPrime123,This game is loads of fun and a total blast from the past. :D
76561197973699055,Recommended,242570,633153,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Dread,"This is an excellent recreation of the board-game. It looks like the board-game, plays like the board-game and I've never eaten the board-game so the comparison now stops. This is not a""modern"" style computer game, so if you buy it expecting all the ""usual"" AAA features then you will be disappointed. No cut-scenes, no character progression, and the editor is still on its way.There were terrible bugs upon release (including a ""no possible win"" scenario). The devs responded with three patches in just over 2 days. (small patches so they could find any new problems easily. Good idea when you are releasing without time to do full testing). They were incredibly apologetic and, more importantly, very quick with the fixes. This gives me a lot of hope going forward. Co-op play and editor are promised as ""no more to pay"" add-ons.The multiplayer has a lot of woes, with the match-up system pairing you against people who are offline. If you know someones email address, you can ""pick"" them that way and be assured a match. I have played multi-player sucessfully & it could well be the best feature of the game, as nothing compares to a living, thinking opponent. Also, if I get beaten, its because they outplayed me, not that their twitch reflexes are better.To my friends, I think you would enjoy it if you already know what Space Hulk is. If you don't, then not so much. But drop me a line or give me a bell and I will happily elaborate."
,Recommended,242570,14672496,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Unuunilium,"Faithful recreation of the spin-off board game. A warning: The campaign is extremely challenging. Avoid this unless you want to play multiplayer with other Warhammer 40,000 enthusiasts."
,Recommended,242570,16228709,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rumblefish,"I played it immediately after release and it was probably 7/10, mainly becasue of lack of story and the game just kinda ended without anything to sum it up or give any additional purpose to completing it. I haven't revisited it since releae, and I think some of my complaints may have been addressed in patches..."
76561198022867745,Recommended,242570,20508895,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Apolodog,Cardboard Marines miss XENO SCUM from 1 feet away with sustained bolter fireFaithful to the lore
76561197998552258,Recommended,242570,20637563,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Tepplin,Id rather just roll dice :/
76561198006835216,Recommended,242570,20837517,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Khorne Flakes,"Simple turn-based strategy, same core game concepts as the boardgame.Graphics are OK, nothing spectacular though.Probably wouldn't pay full price for it, but the oppoutunity to grab it for less than £2 was too good to miss."
,Recommended,242570,14357012,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Rydiak,Faithful.  Not for the weak hearted.
76561198017695643,Recommended,242570,20803325,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,syver.enstad,"I loved the original boardgame, so I love this because it is the same game only with animated battle sequences and you don't have to setup the board and roll all the dice yourself"
76561198026536095,Recommended,242570,20813657,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,EntClanVII,"This game is an extention to the Warhammer 40k Universe where you play as a team of Terminators trying to rid the ""Space Hulk"" of Genestealers. This game is very, very hard and is heavly reliant of RNG meaning that you will be restarting alot. This game is still a lot of fun, but best left for a sale."
76561198015221763,Not Recommended,242570,8441391,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sakurajima616,"I just want to say one thing ""My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! ""This is what you will here stupidly often from your Space Marine Terminator.This game isn´t worth even 10 dollars. The Graphics look bad. Every round structure looks edgy. The Space Marines and the Tyranides move like some limping puppets. And then the always jamming weapons. Oh man even in Reality a Weapon doesn´t jam this often, it is just stupd. It is the Fure why the hell this dammed weapons are always jamming !?!?!My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! My Bolter has jammed !!! ""Stupid."
76561197963140506,Not Recommended,242570,9440374,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Pingl000,"It's essentially the board game, having the same flaws and plusses of the first.  Adaptation could have used some work.  Slow pacing.  Probably suffers from GW being a poor company more than anything."
,Not Recommended,242570,10818530,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,☆ FakeFiend,"Since i've picked up this game i've played 30mins worth and find it incredible hard to pick up again.  I've been excited for the summer sale especailly for this and grab it at a decent price, but failed to grab my attention for very long.  The game is slow, simple, and has margins of RNG that are for to severe.Therefor i can't recommend this pile of steamy poo!"
,Not Recommended,242570,3474763,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,hemos,"Aliens, space hulks, an epic and beloved story line all wrapped up in one incredibly tedious and soul crushing over-priced package."
76561197976694704,Recommended,242570,14647331,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,needfer,"For what is, a conversion from a board game (or so I have read since I never played the board game), it is a fun game to play.  It feels like a ""board-game-plus"" but that is not a negative.  Enjoy it for what it is and it will be a fun game to play for you as well."
76561198032403176,Recommended,242570,20853265,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,eakugler,"Love the board game, love the implementation.But I swear that I have the unluckiest marines, 50% chance to kill bugs, six shots, 0 dead bugs, and a dead marine...."
76561197972220185,Recommended,242570,20616478,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,raptorman5174,"if you enjoy chess you will like this game, hard at first but once you get the hang of it, very rewarding game and fun to pass the time with."
,Recommended,242570,20785521,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,You can't run from heaven,Staring at walls simulator; space marines no spacial awareness. 5/7 perfect score.
76561197972740480,Recommended,242570,20814034,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Antless,"All very well put together board-game conversion. Control wise, the game stands head and shoulders above other current turn-based tactical games. It has a very clear event (dice) log and explains itself very well (except for exact line-of-sight rule). In addition to that, it has crisp controls including an undo button and decent pathing. The game (despite the slow and cumbersome nature of your troops) does not in any way waste your time. Enemy turns are lightning-fast, cutscenes can be completely turned off, animations sped up to ludicrous levels and you can command other units, while one is moving, something that I have been dearly missing from all turn-based games I have been playing recently.Gameplay wise, it is Space Hulk. Your team may very well die because you rolled too many doubles (both attack die showing the same number) in a turn. Overwatch is king. Assault cannons go boom. And genestealers always win in melee."
76561198007464040,Not Recommended,242570,2446704,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,pinky,If you were hoping of a remake of the old PC version of the space hulk game that was based off the space hulk board game do not purchase this as you will be disappointed.If you were hoping for a remake of the table top game itself then purchase as it seems all the TT fans are loving it.
76561197973652033,Not Recommended,242570,9485189,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,booga10,"If you want an almost exact copy of the board game on your pc then get this.....but thats the problem, no effort has really been made to make it any better, its boring, looks drab, plays slow....argh can't believe i spent money on this!"
76561198034460081,Not Recommended,242570,9538370,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,theshawns,"This game is seriously broken.   I expect to be able to play a game that I pay $30 for without any complications.   Suffice to say, while I have over the minimum system requirements I am unable to play...and given Steam's remarkably complex support ticket system I feel completely at odds as to how to rectify the situation."
76561198043796115,Not Recommended,242570,10877471,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Vaccines Turn Steel Beams Gay,"Shoddy mess of a game. Suffers from inexplicable performance drops even when no actions are being taken and crashes often mid-mission, which is a colossal pain when missions take ~20mins minimum. Given how simplistic the actual game is there's absolutely no excuse for it to perform this badly. Not even worth the £5 sale price with this pathetic level of stablity, full price would be outright robbery."
76561198141018342,Recommended,242570,20851117,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,4203am,"I loved this game as a table top board game as a kid, and Space Hulk the video game does it adequate justice in my opinion. Its hard to find a multiplayer match sometimes as only a few people are on usually, but I find the gameplay in single player to be solid and ultimately satisfying. 4 out of 5 stars."
76561197976962845,Recommended,242570,14332779,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Arkannapolos,"Easy to start, but need tactics to finish missions. And it's all the way fun!"
76561198122306516,Recommended,242570,14521810,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,bobjosh3000,"This is, by far, one of the most fun board games brought to PC.  If you love the board game then you will love this.  Employing tactics and strategy are very important to win at the campaign.  Very fun and addicting.  Have only played the campaign because there never seems to be people online to play against."
,Recommended,242570,7802905,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Cabal_se,"A nice remake of the original boardgame and the video game from 1993.  It's a true boardgame conversion, you can see the trusty D6 score displayed with the shooting starts. So no skillbased shooting and fancy moving around, it's as much down to luck as it is good placement of marines and the ability to use AP nd CP to full effect. So beneath the fancy exterior it's just a boardgame. So are you not a fan of the original Space Hulk game this is proberbly not for you. But as for us fans I think this is a good game, at least way better then the clunky old one from -93 or the fan based once I dared to try. If on sale, yes buy. Full price, not sure, unless a hard core fan."
,Recommended,242570,30468936,Posted: 12 March,all,ElijahRio,"Enjoyable and very much so recreates the board game in a digital format, I very much have enjoyed my time soo far."
76561198006576754,Recommended,242570,30529928,Posted: 15 March,all,XombieRocker,"I really love this game. I have never played the boardgame version, as it is pretty pricey. I am glad I get to experience it for much cheaper on PC!Graphics are great, you get a real sense of the claustrophobic ship halls. The little first person view in the corners shows what your soldiers see and adds a lot to the atmosphere. This game is very challenging, but doesn't really seem unfair. Getting to your objective alive requires careful planning. There are a decent number of campaign levels, enough that you have fun but don't get bored.One of my favorite additions is hot seat multiplayer. I love being able to play this with a friend at the same computer."
,Recommended,242570,28767438,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Meta,"Love it.I simply love this game.To sum up my surprise with how good it is, I generally hate turn based games. However, I love the look and feel of Warhammer 40K so I decided to finally splurge on some of the games, and I don't regret it. This is my favourite so far. If I ever find this board game, I am 100% buying it, because it is just pure fun and enjoyment. The lurking around, the strategy, the being cornered by a line of Genestealers and mowing them down with a flamethrower, its all there and it's fantastic. I bought 4 copies of this game for my friends and I and do not regret it. It can be intense, hilarious, and downright unfair, but it's fun the whole ride.This game has a lot of great aspects to it, especially the visuals. The way your Terminator walks around, the environment, the lighting, all of it is great. The color scheme as well adds to th overall experience of th egame, with some nice contrasting colors that pop out. The sounds in the game are great as well, with very nice voices for the terminators and weapons, just the sound in general is good.Level design is great as well if you ask me. Every room/area has its own advantages and purpose, and this can b egreatly utilized to the player's advantage. It makes the strategy a bit easier to grasp and gives you the chance for redemption in every new area.The only downsides to the game are a few bugs, the not-so-uncommon bad roll of the dice (which for me personally is a pro as it is hilarious) and some odd choices for the animations.The only consistent bug I have found in the game is that occasionally a unit will be selected, then stay selected even when you finish using all their points. this is more common in Genestealers, as I will ""END UNIT"" and it will continue to stay selected and I will be unable to choose another unit. This has been solved when I select the unit as though I am intending to turn him to another direction, then wildly spinning and a new unit is selected. I can only describe this as annoying as it generally appens to only one unit, but it has happened in 2/5 games I have played online, so it could become a very infuriating bug in the future.The animations are only considered odd to me for the Genestealers. Some of their movement is odd, mainly bevause they always act as though nothing is around them until attacking. This is a minor complaint as the quality of the animations are good, it's just odd looking at a horde of Genestealers staring down a Terminator and acting as though they are doing nothing, licking the air endlessly and generally being in their own little world.Lastly is the dice rolls. Being a board game running off of a dice rolling system, you're gonna have some bad streaks. This however, has never infuriated me in any game I've played so far, as I and my friends find it hilarious. A large, probably 1-2 ton Terminator the size of the hallways he occupies is standing directly in front of a Genestealer. The Terminator attacks with his chaingun. He shoots dozens, even hundreds of bullets and misses, and it is hilarious. The idea of someone being that dense, so unable to fight yet being in the situation, is just the funniest thing to me. This is even funnier when considering you only have to be hit once to die, so say that rule is true, he only has to hit the Genestealer once, but no, he misses all of them. Oh, but he can cross-map snipe with the chaingun and never miss a shot. It's just when his life depends on it he can't fight. This may be a very infuriating thing to some players, which is why it could be seen as a con, but I find it hilarious and adding to the fun of the game.Overall, I'd say this is a strong yes. It has gotten me into a genre that I previously thought I couldn't enjoy, given me and my friends something to laugh about, and offers a fun singleplayer campaign with cool levels. It's a great game, and I'd highly recommend it.Just be warned, some of these games can last over an hour, possibly even two, but it's still TONS of fun!"
,Recommended,242570,20548967,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Commando,"Digital adaptation of the Classic Board Game, keeping true to original gameplay mechanics while building on suspense and atmosphere through a 3-Dimensional environment. Pure and refined strategy is required."
,Recommended,242570,8254458,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Bronzite,"If you were ever a fan of Space Hulk on the table, this is anextremelyfaithful recreation of the classic 40K boardgame.  I happen to have many fond memories of playing with cardboard and plastic, and this implementation manages to present the game in a visually appealing way with all the busywork automated and just the game laid out before you.  The simple mechanics allow novice gamers and game designers to explore the way simple probabilities on D6 can be combined into very complex and interesting scenarios.  I definitely recommend it to anybody who both boardgames and videogames."
76561198061747733,Recommended,242570,10611446,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tukka Rask Jr,great fun!
76561197970642886,Recommended,242570,10773260,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,_Riven,Only played the first few missions so far but nostalgia is high. Good game so far. shame I bought it a few weeks ago at 50% off when the summer sale has it at 90% off but meh it happens.
76561198141683547,Recommended,242570,10897237,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jester Mephistopheles,"If you are familiar with the tabletop game, and Games Workshop in general, you know what to expect. This a a slow moving turn based strategy game of guys in dumpster sized armor with massive guns maneuvering narrow corridors to purge the map of alien infestation. If that sounds like fun, you should enjoy this... I do."
76561198087100063,Recommended,242570,10778015,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,panchirajoey,"I must admit to having never played the Space Hulk board game, but I watched several friends play (and recommend) it so I immediately recognised the title when it appeared in my Steam feed. What I wasn't expecting was a relatively poor metacritic score and a flurry of negative reviews, which effectively dissuaded me from purchasing it at the time.However, seeing the game go on sale at %80 discount I figured ♥♥♥♥ it, and picked it up anyway for £1.90.Man, never have I felt the need to defend a game so vehemently. I can pretty much sum up the negative reviews in one comment: fools who never bothered to read one sentence beneath the game's title and came up with ""Hurrr! 40K! I can be haxxorz uber space marine! Derp derp derp..."" As far as I am concerned, the game delivered *exactly* what it promised in a very short description. It is a slow paced, tactical, mission-based survival in line with the board game. Your squad move slowly because Terminators walk slowly. You die frequently because being outnumbered and in the dark only suits the Genestealers. Have people forgotten the movie Alien already?The missions, while short, give a nice sense of having to overcome terrible odds by out-thinking your enemy. Each forray into the depths of the ship feel like gamble after gamble on the part of the Blood Angels. I feel the game does an excellent job of quashing the tired notion that Space Marines are invincible, by putting them in exactly the environment that cancels their prowess. I like the fact that they move slowly and have to spend AP just to turn around, because it highlights the weakness of their cumbersome armour in corridors they can barely squeeze through, and creates a feeling of vulnerability because let's face it: the Genestealers have the jump on you.The game does not, however, ruin the Space Marine's reputation for sheer force of will. Your troops gladly stand unfaltering in the face of the enemy hordes, declaring faith for the emperor as they take down legions of aliens even as they meet their doom. A big criticism of the game from some reviewers is the gun-jamming mechanic, which seems petty, because it can only occur when the Marine's are set to overwatch mode. In a nut-shell, this stance allows you to literally gun down wave after wave of Genestealers as you stubbornly hold your ground. This is immensely satisfying, but as I mentioned it can cause your bolter to jam. For me, this only adds to the feeling of desperation that you cannot hold out forever and brings a touch of thrill and uncertainty because of the random chance.The game isn't without it's faults. As I mentioned the missions can be quite short depending on the objective, and also quite quick (especially on hard mode with the timer) because you can often sacrifice your Terminators against the oncoming enemy to ensure completion of the goal. Again though, this adds to the desperation and realisation that this is almost a lost cause. The animations could use a little more variety too, especially in melee, because battle after battle can start to make all of your deaths feel the same. However, my largest criticism is the game is a touch on the easy side. This is mostly because the game tells you precisely where the enemy is likely to attack from. Because of this, you can set your marines to guard choke points whilst your other guys go off and find the goal. I would have prefered for there to be no indication of where the threat might appear, forcing the player to constantly watch their back to avoid being picked off one by one from the creatures in the dark...All in all this is a top game undeserving of the flack it recieved. I am aware that some of this was due to bugs in the early access version but I can assure you that as of now, the version I'm playing is polished and has yet to throw up a single glitch. Highly recommended, and if you're unsure about what the gameplay might be like, you only need to go to the store page and read the game description.The Emperor is your shield!"
76561197995736695,Recommended,242570,9461350,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,ARUG,"i had some friends who owned the original boardgame and played warhammer itself , so i have an idea of what this game should be.  and i think they've really nailed it , the gameplay , the looks and especially the atmosphere are spot on!an awesome game that not only looks great but plays very well too.   i highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys games!"
,Recommended,242570,8642011,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,zoomboy27,"It's a basic translation of the Space Hulk board turn-based game.The major tactical consideration is Action Points that are randomly rolled each round.Each Terminator (termie) has a basic amount - just enought get him to moveThe extra Action Points allow you to respond with flexibility to the attacks.A lot of tension from attacking Gene-Stealers and from making sure your Termies are set up in the right directionAlso tension  in the Overwatch phase, as the moving gene-stealers can rip through your Termie.The pace is very slow.  If you're hunched over Space Hulk on your PC as if it's an adrenaline-filled FPS, you will be driven mad by the slow speed.  Trundle would be the best description of the speed.I use it on my lap-top while watching sports.  Relax and enjoy.MissionsThey are consistent with the WarHammer40K universe but have a limited amount of variations.Ok length for the prologue mini-campign.Main campaign has 9 missions that get longer with each one.  Sufficient(but at what price?)GRAPHICSBog-standard average graphics. The Space Marines are very good with attention to getting it right.But the gene-stealers are a failure.  Look like Quake models - very primitive.The Map is pretty good but you usually miss the fine detail because you are moving aboutCut-scenes are OKWORTH IT or NOTSadly the WarHammer40K fandom is used to over-paying for any WH40K content.This falls under that category.  When you have finished the Campaign, you will have had enough.But the tension during each mission is very good and it's a great feeling when you have won the mission.Solidly designed and if you are a WH40K fan, it's a solid gaming experience that is worth the time.For non-WH40K fans - wait for a steam sale.  Relax and enjoy.RatingI already gave you the rating - see above.  If you're obsessive about numbers, I mock you.   Rating of 4,000 quatloos"
76561198005460975,Recommended,242570,9495984,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Korriban,"Space hulk has a great old school feel and is fairly simple in terms of the more modern games that are available on the market these days. However having played the board game with friends when i was younger, as well as remembering the original versions on PC this revamp has breathed new life into what was always a successful turn based strategy game based in the Warhammer 40K universe. It has been slated by many as not being very good, but i think thats a very quick to judge reaction and most likely becuase if playing on the higher skill levels it's a very challenging game.The single player campaigns are very scussessful and the game does a great job at setting the tension and challenge of pitting an elite fighting force of space marine terminators against overwhelming odds in the face of the sheer number of alien genestealers. as strategy games go this one has been a great one and is often challenging to the point of frustration, but i have enjoyed every minute. the revamp is also promoting the development of new content including other chapters and missions which i hope continue as it is making a classic game with a face lift even more playable and enjoyable.I am yet to try the multiplayer component but believe that placing two human players head to head will do nothing but extend it's playability. i'm about 10 missions in now and feel everyone has been fun to complete, and many have been replayed a number of times to try and meet the additional bonus mission criteria.In short if you are a fan of 40K this is a great game to have, if you like strategy or turn based strategy this is a great game to have, or if you like a challenging game this is a great game to have. Yes there are flasher more action packed games out there and some with better graphics. however that being said, the playability, style and action that people associate to the 40K universe and space hulk all lend themselves well to this modern revival. the terminators have the great bulky plodding feel that they should, the genestealers burst under hails of autocannon fire as you'd imagine them to, and facing down sometimes overwhelming numbers has the frustration i'm sure a space marine might feel fighting to the bitter end.Pros:Good game, easy to play and challenging to master, has a vintage feel with a modern take and is playable across platforms (i can play PC users from my ipad) and new DLC is now being producedCons:not many to mention being a fan of the game, and the 40K universe but part of me still longs for a graphics or models update, and the desire to be able to fully customise my own chapters in game."
76561198045996812,Recommended,242570,12146596,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Ringo Starfish,"It's the board game, except it doesn't cost a couple hundred bucks. Make of that what you will."
76561198005421598,Recommended,242570,13948159,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sputnik,"This game is as simple as coherent.Campaign is quite short (approximatley 10 hours) and has erratic difficulty. Can't tell much about multiplayer since it seem to be pretty dead and I wasnt able to get a match up yet.Surely not a flawless game in every aspect but if you generally like turn based strategy and WH40K you will propably have fun with it, even if you don't played the SpaceHulk-boardgame before.If you see this game on sale for a low prize you won't regret buying it."
76561198068855892,Recommended,242570,10614646,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,penguinphile,This is very a good old game. But I really tired of watching the shooting animation.
,Not Recommended,242570,10772954,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LeVentNoir,"This game is a 100% accurate recreation of the board game.It is a terrible video game. There are two reasons why. The first is that the movespeed of your Terminators is so slow it takes forever to complete your moves. The second is that it's impossible to turn off the really low quality close up kill cam shots which occur about every single time you kill something.This game is not something I can honestly recommend, as these two intrusions to game play completely destroy any atmosphere the game might generate."
76561197979894053,Recommended,242570,8512536,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,The Great Gonzo,really nice game!
76561198027969865,Recommended,242570,8366038,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Rastamouse23,Terminator good unit
,Recommended,242570,10177441,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,melos82,"this game is really good fun to play. the sound and lighting set the dark and claustrophobic mood of the narrow corridors perfectly. and while the missions vary vastly in difficulty, most of them have a high replay value - you've beaten the genestealers but lost one of your terminators? ok, let's try that again without casualties! Space Hulk is a game you can play for hours straight, but you don't have to. you might as well play it in a few minutes of spare time (although you will WANT to play more!)the combat uses dice mechanics, which really gives it that great feel of a board game - so you will need a bit of LUCK, but a highly strategic approach is equally important, as it can dramatically impact on the probabilities. and while it's certainly not everyone's favorite, if you're into that kind of gameplay it is immensely fun, as even the same mission never plays out the same way twice.finally, the developers are really active on updating the game constantly. since I started playing (on day one of the first release) it has made great progress performance-wise as well as on additional features."
,Not Recommended,242570,10282330,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,alphamonkeyco,"Want to love it. The original PC game was excellent. Constantly dieing because of a weapon jam. I get it. It's like the board game. But. that doesn't translate into a great PC game. Random weapon jams. Constantly. And they're complete losers in melee. Even the sergeant with a power sword. And this all in the early campaign. I'll come back and give it a shot every once in awhile. I love the whole rich world.3/2016 - Tried it again. Love the atmosphere and the gameplay and the universe. Quit after less then an hour. Tactics don't matter. Endless genestealers and ""Bolter jams"" and they all lose hand to hand 9 out of 10 times. Review stays the same."
76561198007070665,Recommended,242570,10239430,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Cormellion,Not bad.  I think the metascore is about right.  It's fun  but lack of variety will no doubt bore me after a bit.  I'll play it and see how I find it after a few more hours. I'm afraid I've learnt you get a good sense of a game in a very short time playing.  But for the overly analytical types I'll play a few more hours to see.
,Recommended,242570,7804922,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Ginger,"Brought this after the 1.2 patch.  Came in thinking it would be a it rubbish but as i liked the old board game so much, thought it wouldn't hurt to give Steam even more money.As a single player digital version of the board game I actually really love it, the patch they introduced where you could speed up the movement is a definite winner otherwise it would have forced me do a squad broken all over the shop.Multiplayer is messed up.  It's OK if you have a friend to play with, but just getting a random game is annoying and frustrating.  What they need is a quick play button, where you can just select your preferred side and play any mission.  Right now you seem to have to pick the exact mission you wish to play and just hope some other dude is wanting to play that mission as well.You also have to create a separate account for the multiplayer, would have been alot easier just to use steamworks for that.  And setting this up and then trying to get a game with a friend can be bloody frustrating, but once finally jumped the hurdles to set it up, works pretty ok.The actual gameplay of the multiplayer, from what I've experience is rather laggy.  The reveal mechanic of the genestealer side takes a little getting used to and can be a bit annoying with the ever pervasive lag.That being said, the multiplayer games I did experience with a friend were Epic.  Hopefully they will brush up the MP and introduce improvements and if so then this game will be awesome.Right now, it's a great single player rendition of the board game, I can thoroughly recommend it for that.  The multiplayer needs some work but if you have a friend to play with then it's great."
76561198021656095,Not Recommended,242570,10223570,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Bohandas,This set in the Warhammer 40K universe but (the gameplay) is not directly based on Warhammer 40K. This was not made sufficiently clear in the product description :(
76561198011941869,Recommended,242570,9490067,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Commissar Antonios,"With the new chapter added you can replay all the campaigns again with a different tactic.Space Wolves are more close combat oriented,with more close combat members,and +1 dice in melee.If only the new Space Wolves scenario had more stages...With 3 stages only,its relatively short.Although the second stage its great if you dont camp and block the gene-entrances inside the rooms.We are waiting for new chapters,especially the deathwing!!!!!!"
,Recommended,242570,8127437,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,LoveViruz,Nostalgic trip for those that have played the boardgame and a really great game for everyone who likes turnbased strategy games.
,Recommended,242570,21505707,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,FUXOFT,"Blast from the past. If you like the board game of the same name, you'll probably love this. If not, note that this is not an action game and it's not remotely fair. Whatever happens, it depends mostly on dice rolls."
,Recommended,242570,9156812,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Donkeyfish13,Metascore 58???.... whoever rated this low doesn't understand the Warhammer 40k Universe or this game.... this is an excellent recreation of the board game
,Not Recommended,242570,10913795,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dungeon-Meister T.B.,"So ♥♥♥♥ing bad. Breaks 40k cannon at every turn. Story makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense. Game is clunky and not fun. Genestealers killing Terminators in 1 hit, are you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?"
,Recommended,242570,13123276,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,suzie QQ,"A fun and interesting game with 0 replay value.The visuals, dialogue, and animations are very nice and true to the space marine style making the game a joy to play but with confined areas, unit collision, and only one type of enemy the game soon shows itself to be a puzzle game more than a turn based tactical shooter.There's a slight element of tactics with what you choose to do but with a low learning curve the best options for what skills to use are immediately evident. The game itself comes down to figuring out how to push certain units through sometimes endless waves of enemies. This is achieved by positioning units to make certain parts of the map safe so other units can move through and continue the push."
76561198014015903,Recommended,242570,16243110,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Sanzo,"It's all about butthert, soldier.  You can't count on your bolter - it's always jammed. Don't even think about melee fights - ♥♥♥♥♥marines dies from the first scratch. ""Heavy weapon guy"" can blow up the hole squad. Even ""load"" button available only from main menu.But, after all, i enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,242570,7806256,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Panterasam,"A fantastic strategic game for all warhammer/space hulk fans. Personally i have played both the space hulk board game as well as the space hulk: death angel card game and this carries across really well to this pc game, it plays out exactly as the original space hulk board game intended. TENSE!"
,Not Recommended,242570,11074830,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Justin,"First off, please note that while I'm not recommending this game, it isn't because it's terrible. It's not even that bad. It's got a lot of problems, but if you're a fan of 40K or a hardcore turn based strategy game fan, this title may give you some entertainment, though if you plan to purchase it, do so during a sale, as the asking price of $25 for the main game alone, not to mention the Ultimate Pack at $40, is not a price worth paying.In regards to what makes the game bad, things like unit movement, statistical chances, and nearly all mechanics otherwise feel wrong. The game does little to ease you into its systems, instead providing text prompts giving you tips. From the beginning of the first level every option is unlocked, meaning you can very quickly put yourself in a situation where you cannot proceed with the tutorial. Enemy positions are denoted by a single model when undiscovered, but when seen can be massive hordes of enemies. And because all attacks kill in one hit, when a conga line of enemies saunters it's way down the hall to kill your lone soldier, the odds are stacked against you.In all, its best if you take a look at gameplay by other players, and see if it looks like it would be good for you. Again, don't buy this at the standard price."
76561198194545275,Recommended,242570,15722345,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,thelaytonoffice,great
76561197987131869,Recommended,242570,16312650,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Lizardlips,"I've been playing Space Hulk online since the very first DOS, 5 window version.  Despite it crashing frequently, it was addictive.  Finally, decades later, this version of Space Hulk is everything an electronic version of this game should be."
76561198141826874,Recommended,242570,16316792,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,spirtsbreath,i so loved playing the board game had to get the pc version love it. sound effects and music are great too.
,Not Recommended,242570,11160241,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Levi,"I only played the singleplayer bits, so this might not apply to the multiplayer mode.The game looked like it would be fun, but it was mostly chance based rather than strategy based.  You can utterly lose the game one time, and then play it again doing the same thing and completely kick♥♥♥♥♥  Actual strategy didn't feel like it was that important.It might be fun if you don't mind that, or if you are a big enough fan of warhammer."
76561197971773334,Recommended,242570,10780409,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rabid Cadaver,"Man, that PC is good at the GS side of things. Campaign is just as unforgiving as I expect it to be on normal. I imagine easy would be way easier with no bolter jams, but I figure, why not go until I can't. Setting up cross fires and using overwatch like a madman has been my savior more than once.Worth noting, keep an eye on your ammunition. That assault cannon is a bad mutha, up till it doesn't have bullets in it."
76561198026673675,Recommended,242570,11424535,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,MightyIrish,"Game is way too short.  I beat it in just a hanful of hours.  There's only a handful of missions and then you have to pay $5 for each mission after that.  Even at $10, this was way overpriced for the amount of content in the game."
76561197985717745,Not Recommended,242570,11154377,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,SuperBroHeroFella,"This game drives you batshit crazy beyond any hope of recovery. Actually it's a ""Reload-Savegame-Simulator"", cause you throw dices every time you do something. A ♥♥♥♥ing casino game it is. The perfect game for you when you like boring, repetitive movement and animations, bad sound effects and of course, gambling. The board game was fun for a few rounds because in between you could talk with your buddies, but here you are all alone in narrow corridors of lost space vessels that are crowded by pesky aliens that are laughing at you everytime you make a turn.The best winning move in this game is not to play it."
76561198039342287,Recommended,242570,14579945,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,malevolentnuzzler,"This game is great and a real thinker, at times nerve wraking. like being in and Aliens movie. wher is Hicks?"
76561197976439315,Recommended,242570,14706767,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,one killer,fun
76561198087928875,Recommended,242570,33601220,Posted: 16 July,all,The Beetus,"Space Hulk...what to say about Space Hulk.It's pretty neat in concept. In execution...mostly still pretty neat. There's a lot more reliance on luck (RNG) than there should be, but otherwise, management of resources tends to work reliably well.Let's just get this out there: Overall I like this game. Now I'm going to rip it a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Let's start with RNG, since that's the biggest issue in the game.Everything comes down to RNG. The game rolls a number of (digital, offscreen) dice, to determine whether what you're trying to do succeeds or not. This isn't inherently bad. In fact, it's (apparently) true to the table-top game this was based on (haven't played the TT, so...). However, needing a six to break a door...let's just say it's a bit extreme. I shouldn't be stuck behind the same broken door (you HAVE to break these ones down, since they can't be opened (hence 'broken') for several turns wasting all of my Action Points (AP) just so I can actually get on with the game. This is especially true for the very first mission you do this on, which places on of the two guy you get to play with behind such a door, and he can't defend the other guy until he gets through it. It should be mentioned that if either dies, it's Game Over [insert forced Aliens reference here].This goes double for the melee combat. I get it: Terminators, for all their might, may as well be wearing tissue paper for armor against Genestealers. That's why getting into melee range with them is so harrowing; you're a slow (if powerful) guy in a suit that doesn't want to move in anything resembling a timely manner, and the other thing, with its claws that cut through that armor (Can we just admit that maybe, strategically speaking, sending expensive AF Terminators to do this was not a good idea if their extra armor does them no good?) like butter is WAY more mobile. You're generally ♥♥♥♥ed in melee because of this. I get that. A Terminator needs to be prepared to strike ahead of time to compensate. That said, YOU GET AN ABILITY TO DO JUST THAT AND IT FAILS 90% OF THE TIME! It would be one thing if your ranged ability was better (It's already pretty good, but those guns jam. A lot.), but as it is...Alright, so...you're probably at this point thinking ""Wait a minute, there. Their ranged abilities are fine. You just have to leave some Command Points (CP) for them to use during the enemy's turn to clear their jams! It's easy!"".Well, first of all, don't interrupt me. Second, I apologize for stealing that joke. Thirdly, that's where RNG comes in (again).You see, you generate a random amount of CP each turn. If you have a Sergeant alive, you can reroll that number once at the start of said turn (before moving anyone). The problem is that you will often get absolutely screwed on the number of CP you get, meaning that clearing jams on Overwatch isn't going to happen when you most need it to. This is a problem, chiefly because that means that, due to not fault of my own, strategies will fail, even if everything else went perfectly.This is why the RNG needs a bit of fixing. I'm fine with SOME randomness; it adds another factor to account for. Having this much, though, is bordering on World of Tanks level ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The only other real problem I have is the timer. You have to move FAST to get everyone done with the things you need them to do before your turn is over. This is an issue because in a game that focuses so much on strategy, there's a lot of emphasis on reactionary gameplay, which means lots of mistakes. Mistakes get you killed.In summary, the RNG and short Turn Timer, together, create a BIG problem, but even so, with proper managemet of resources (where allowed by the RNG gods (*cough*HERESY!*cough*), this game is still playable, and even enjoyable.Also, the Terminator voices are ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Just thought I'd throw that in there."
,Recommended,242570,10386316,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,SH4DOW,HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!  They've captured the game's essence and atmosphere really well.
76561198005615045,Not Recommended,242570,10885839,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Buffalo Kill,"I can recommend this game but only if you are a hardcore fan of 40k and it's lore. Otherwise this game feels like you are playing a Beta of a game you think might be cool after the bugs are worked out. Even if you are a fan you'll probably still be disappointed. If you are new to 40k you will be confused, bored, and feeling buyers remorse. I bought this game for $2 and I still think it was a waste.Pros:- Sticks to the original board game.- Still kinda has that 40k feel despite it's flaws.Cons:- The way the terminators moving animations look crushes my soul.- Unit's entire bodies will clip through whatever they feel like.- Customization in the form of a banner creator is truly awful and disappointing.- There are things that should be included in a game based on warhammer 40k that are missing in this game. Things like and army painter, unit load out customization, and maybe cinematics to explain to non 40k fans what the background is.- There is DLC for this game that should clearly have been included in the initial purchase."
,Not Recommended,242570,10234197,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,clonetek,I'm sad that I wasted money on this game. I will think twice before I buy another WH40K game.
76561197962026567,Recommended,242570,7886256,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Chapped Udders,"My feeling is that many of the critical reviews I've seen for this game are overly harsh and somewhat miss the point of what this game is supposed to be.  Space Hulk sets out to be a faithful digital recreation of the board game and, at least in my opinion, delivers that experience in precisely the manner I had hoped and expected it would.  The full price set for this game is a bit steep for the amount of content delivered (and the DLC seems similarly overpriced for so few missions), but the game is far more enjoyable and a far better experience than the negative critic reviews would have you believe.  A great buy for fans of the board game or those who enjoy a good turn-based strategy game (especially at a sale price)."
76561198008751079,Not Recommended,242570,8873716,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,dwagstaff,"I loved the 1993 version. In fact, I'm sad to report that it's better than the 2013 one. That's TWENTY (20!) years to improve. and they failed. I even liked a free ware version (now called Alien Assault) better.On the plus side for folks who insist it be EXACTLY like the board game, it is. On the majorly negative side, it's exactly like the board game including showing you the dice rolls. WTF?I would have been ok with $10 to pretend I'm a space marine again, maybe give it a thumbs up for less than $10, but for $30 I paid it was an epic fail."
,Recommended,242570,13266252,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"Did somebody say ""hardcore strategy""? If they did, they were probably referring to this game. I haven't played the table-top original, but I can say that you need to really think when you play this Steam version of Space Hulk. I mean, REALLY think a few moves ahead as though you were playing Chess, because this has an unforgiving and challenging dice-roll system for combat that does not favour the player as in other Warhammer/Citadel franchise games (i.e. Dawn of War II). In terms of gameplay, it's a top-down turn-based layout that somewhat resembles a table-top game. Your units have a limited number of moves per turn including combat abilities. The menus and in-game controls are fairly intuitive, and there's an in-picture Terminator shoulder-cam that gives you a first person perspective of the map which is very cool (It's a bit like watching ""Aliens"" when the marines are exploring the abandoned complex). So, if you've an abundance of patience and want to test your strategic skill, play this game. ***"
76561198005478926,Recommended,242570,13521122,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Moose,"This is simple. Did you like the board game or are interested in the board game? Then it is 100% must have.If you have no idea about the board game and are just looking for a turn based strategy game, there are many better than this one.This game is not the best introduction to the 40k universe, try Dawn of war: Retribution if you dont know what a space marine is."
76561198096530989,Recommended,242570,13131739,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,craigie1874,"As a new Warhammer 40,000 player I am enjoying everything 40K themed that I can get my hands on at present. From collecting and painting the miniatures reading the books (The Horus Hersey saga is just fantastic!) and playing the PC Games - Dawn of War was great btw . I didn't know anything about SpaceHulk, either the PC format of tabletop game until a few weeks back when Games Workshop had a new limited release of the coveted Tabletop version. After hearing about it I decided to go with the PC version as all my money is already going in to amassing a Dark Angel army to game with- I am a fan of stratagy games and this hasn't dissapointed. I am not sure it would have appealed to me quite as much if it was set in a different universe but having said that I am glad I gave it a bash as I am sick of FPS and MMORPG's after years of play. This is something different and it gets you thinking- well worth the money IMO especially as I grabbed it while Steam had it (and some it's DLC's ) on a great 70% off-er :)"
76561198007382139,Recommended,242570,8159631,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Old Man Mase,"Loves the tabletop game a qarter of a century ago ...absolutely love this, brings space hulk to life with an eerie screech :)"
76561198136235875,Recommended,242570,22408392,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Palermo,"If you are a fan of the original board game or a turn base steategy fanatic , you will love this!A lot of levels to play through and good RNG tactics.I loved it!"
76561197970454158,Not Recommended,242570,8132592,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Doctor Kash,"I wish I could recommend this game, but I was bored with it after a few missions.  For what it's worth it's a faithful recreation of the board game, right down to the die rolls.  However, that's literally all that it is.  There's really no PC game features beyond just the board game, even the missions are lifted straight out of the original game; there's no persistence in the campaign, and the UI is pretty finicky.If you are endlessly turgid over the board game and want to be able to play it online with random schmucks, it's great, but otherwise give this one a pass."
,Not Recommended,242570,9439518,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Zane.,Horribly boring. Even for hardcore 40k fans.
,Recommended,242570,8119000,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Darknuke,"It's an alright game. Very slow and a lot easier than I expected (though SRPGs are my favorite genre). I ended up getting bored due to the lack of variability in terrain, units, and enemies. I think I'd have more fun with the tabletop version. There's nothing wrong with the game. It's a good adaptation, it's just really, really slow, which is due to it being a board game adaptation."
,Recommended,242570,11231310,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Ledow,"This is Space Hulk, the board game, converted to PC.  Why people would review it down for that, I don' t know.  It's a turn-based, dice-luck strategy game with all the rules of the board game translated to their nearest possible equivalent.If you're silly enough to ""undo"" every dice roll just to win the game, I assume you're silly enough to re-roll every dice you ever cast in a real game, and I wouldn't want to play with you.Great fun, and very loyal to the original.  Own those long halls, keep the Genestealers back with psi-powers, cleanse your path with the flamethrower and make it out alive.  I just hope Games Workshop leases out the ""Advanced Space Crusade"" IP to these guys some day."
,Not Recommended,242570,8526433,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dick Machinko,Getting ♥♥♥♥ed by RNG: The Game
,Not Recommended,242570,8217643,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Theogren temono,Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo booooooooooooooooooooooooooring. doesn't have those small things that X-com had to make if feel like a combat pace or action.
,Not Recommended,242570,8191873,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DigitalBeef,"Repetitive, dry, lackluster gameplay coupled with a completely forgettable story (which is hard to do in w40k).The bullets seem to carry little weight.One of the largest mechanics in the game is a dice roll, which is what your life or death ultimately depends on, causing all real potential for strategy to fly out the window.I could get about the same enjoyment and excitement out of playing tenzi (a game where you roll ten dice until you get them all to match), in the end, that's pretty much what this game is.3/10"
,Not Recommended,242570,24046977,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,aVe,"I've played the original Space Hulk in the 90's and have vivid memories of truly terrifying moments (you can only see what lies in the corridors through your marine' eyes) so I bought this one hoping to experience that again, with all the modern bells and whistles.Unfortunately, even if the video game is a good adaptation of the board game, I stopped playing it after a couple of missions. The game lacks some elements I really need in squad-based tactical games : the ability to compose your team as you see fit and the ability to ""move / place around"" your mates in order to get better coverage or advantage. I too often saw me hindered because I needed one specific marine at a specific place, but cannot move him because he was blocked by another one.The game is probably not that bad, especially for the miniature player, but it is definitely not for me."
76561197989325703,Not Recommended,242570,10262276,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,MacProwler,Love the warhammer series; but not this one.... tedious is being generous.
,Not Recommended,242570,8165275,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sjaplain,"I gave up early on when a single genestealer strolled through my sergeants overwatch, beat him at melee, strolled through the other guys overwatch, killed him as well and then killed the guy behind him while he was busy looking down another hallway, thus killing 3 of my 5 guys in one turn.This is very much a game of chance. You either kill or get killed, there's no in-between.And while you can save your progress, loading requires you to exit into the main menu first, which got tedious the first time I did it.The best way to win is to know every little strategy, which is pretty much reserved for the more hardcore fans of turn-based strategy. That said, it probably captures the spirit of the original Space Hulk game perfectly. Not that I'd know, so if you're into that, this is probably still for you."
76561197999561475,Not Recommended,242570,19381036,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Cap'n Port,"This looks like a faithful adaptation of a board game.  Unfortunately it's a rather light boardgame with little depth.  The graphics are pretty poor, even for a TBS game.  Animations don't sync well, for example there's a visible pop when a marine turns 180 degrees, which happens all the time.  Genestealers look like my old genestealer models ... which were the cheap plastic version.Except when deeply discounted here, the iOS version is much cheaper, and I'd feel better about playing such a shallow game on a tablet as opposed to when sitting down at a PC.  Sounds irrational when I type it out, but poking at a tablet is somethin I generally do while other things are going on, so a simple experience seems more appropriate."
76561197997529945,Recommended,242570,33735996,Posted: 22 July,all,Serious Sofa,"So from what I can gather looking at the lambasting this game has received, it seems most of the negative feedback stems from some ill conceived notion that this is a game about being a big badass mofo Space Marine chewing through Genestealers like gum. Basically kids who bought the game because they saw a Space Marine on the cover.You can disregard those reviews.This game is a near identical adaptation of Space Hulk, an early 80s boardgame that long predates 40k as we know it now. Space Hulk has a simple premise underneath all the fluff and theatrics of the 40k franchise: Do you have the tactical prowess to get your nervous,  bumbling Terminators from Point A to Point B without getting repurposed into a hat by the purple locals?The game is all about space management: everything is based on a grid, and your big hulky terminators are slow as hell but have guns. Meanwhile, the genestealers are fast and there are always more of them coming, but they only have melee.If a space marine shoots a genestealer, that bug is dead. If a genestealer gets in melee with a terminator, 8 out of 10 times that Terminator is getting turned inside out. You want to catch the genestealers out in the open so you can mow them down from a distance, while the genestealers want to ambush you and overwhelm you as you try to navigate long, narrow corridors.The key to beating them is to carefully manage your squad's movement, placement, and keep them holding a perimeter at all times. Your terminators can only spend 4 action points a turn to either move/pivot, shoot, go into guard/overwatch or attack in melee if you're feeling stupid. You can kill dozens of genestealers in one turn, but it only takes one of them sneaking up on your guys to topple your house of cards.If this sounds fun, intriguing, or strategically engaging to you, then congratulations, you'll probably adore this game. It's a lot of the strategic risk/reward planning one finds at the core of games like the XCOM franchise, and the genestealers here can certainly strike parallels to the ever so horrible Chrysalids from XCOM.If this sounds terribly tedious, slow or boring to you, well then I just saved you a couple bucks.Now that we've gotten that all cleared up, I can lay out the bullet points (from the perspective of someone who would be interested in this kind of game)PROS:+ It's Space Hulk. The missions are well thought out challenges that will demand you give it your all.+ The graphics are respectable and work well in service of the board game. I hold this in point of contrast to the Space Hulk Ascenscion game , which while more graphically atmospheric, makes for a poor board game when you can't see where you're trying to place your terminators half the time.+Some of the sound design is actually quite immersive, particularly the groaning noises of the ships, the boltguns firing off, and the crunchy noises your guys make walking over bug corpses.+ It's Space Hulk. I own the board game as well, but sometimes you just want to play the game without roping someone else in or spending an hour setting up the game. This is a great way to get a fix without the hassle.CONS:- The kill animation/stingers while a novelty at first, can get a little tiresome at times when you're lighting up 7+ genestealers in one hall at once.-The animations can take up your sweet time. There's options to speed up the animations which is fine, but then you gotta find a way to not get distracted by the sight of your terminators quickly waddling around. Seriously, it's like watching a line of ducklings.-Music is kinda mediocre whenever it does play. I usually have a playlist going in the background when I play.-The price. While it's true 30$ for a digital version of a 150whatever+$ board game is a fair trade, I can see how the price tag can put people uninitiated to the board game off.-The actual melee/death animations for both the Nids and Space Marines feel a little piddly. If there is one thing I can say about the Ascencion variant, it certainly brought the violence of fighting murderous space bugs to life in a way this one didn't.TL;DR: If you love the board game, you'll love this. If you were like me, I never paid the board game any thought until I bought this and realized how much I enjoyed it, to the point of going out and getting the actual tabletop version. Money well spent in both cases. If you're looking for what is essentially a digitized boardgame, this is the game for you. If you're looking for fast, frantic violence, you should check out Space Hulk Deathwing instead- for all it's flaws, it still looks pretty fulfilling on that end.Normally this game is 30 or 25$, and I would say that price is rather steep for what is essentially the board game but constrained to single player format. Right now though it's on sale for 5$ and If you are interested in this game, THIS is the time to get it.If you can get it for just 5$, you absolutely should. Worst case scenario, it ain't your thing and you only lost 5$ (and even then you have Steam Refunds now). Best case scenario, you just got all the fun of a hard to find 150$+ board game for 5$."
,Not Recommended,242570,7769001,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mylittlepkle,not worth the money honestly unless you are a hardcore fan already and dont mind buying an online version of the boardgame and even then you should try and steer away
76561198009173576,Recommended,242570,12697379,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,eddie_drood,"This game continues to entertain me, even after all this time.  It's a classic.  Now, if the same talented ladies and lads would make a Necromunda game..."
76561198007873565,Recommended,242570,2472448,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Essodess,If you enjoyed XCOM: Enemy Unknow you will enjoy Space Hulk.  Knowledge of the background lore is non essential though it does add to the enjoyment of the game.  The spaces are tight and the enemy endless giving it the perfect environment.
,Recommended,242570,387278,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Democrat,Very true to the board game.  Still a bit buggy.  If you are a Space Hulk fan you need this game.
,Recommended,242570,10401878,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Dyne,"I haven't played the board game so I can't speak on that. I am a huge fan of the 40k universe and played the original Space Hulk DOS game when I was a kid. This version is obviously much better but at times feels clunky. Once you figure out a level there is a pretty obvious best way to beat it which doesn't leave much replay value. It's also a bit annoying that melee combat is left entirely to chance, a feature I didn't like in the original game either because you basically always lose.It's entertaining once you figure out what you're doing."
,Not Recommended,242570,22108290,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Stob,At first first I was like.... No way the combat is really gonna be this simplistic for the entire game.Every level is just you trying to kill infinitely spawning♥♥♥♥♥♥before they get within mellee range. While you move to a certain location.The AI spawns and runs at you. thats it.I was tired of the game after an hour and will probably never play it again.
76561198096940120,Recommended,242570,9017011,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dutch,awersome
76561198024031998,Recommended,242570,9057857,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Shooting Bugs,"I love spacehulk, used to play it on the pc ages ago with Deathwing company."
76561198079089752,Recommended,242570,10778630,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,xVengefulReaper,"I liked this game, at first. Then I realized that the Terminators, whom are normally tanks of ultimate badassery, were getting the♥♥♥♥♥♥slapped out of them in 1 or 2 hits from some pipsqueak aliens. All in all, I did not like that fact that the terminators were grossly different in here than they are in any other Warhammer lore/game/anything."
76561198026054011,Recommended,242570,8146884,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,"Admiral Rose, Ken Rose",I enjoy a good game the likes to destroy me
,Recommended,242570,8166133,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,diaboliic,Buy it yeah :D
76561198004911402,Recommended,242570,8137972,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Thrafgig,"I was leary as hell for three seconds and then my love of all things 40K won and I bought this game.  I was leary as the metascore was a very suspect 54/100.  Is it buggy as hell?  It is just unplayable crap?  ""What's could be so very wrong with it?"", I wondered aloud on my keyboard.The short answer is not a blessed thing.  This is a flawless port of the 3rd edition of the boardgame (which cost over 100 bucks).  The interface is cleaned up from what I saw from earlier release editions.This is a boardgame.  The major complaint people have is the total lack of anything resembling RPG elements.  Um, no♥♥♥♥♥♥sherlock, Space Hulk is a board game and NOT an RPG.  Playing Space Hulk and rating it down for not being an RPG is like playing Terraria and rating it down for not being RTS or ArmA for having no farming and resource collection.  Ridiclous and silly.As a board game port this is lovely.  Well executed interface, easy step by step tutorial missions, and hey, it's Space Hulk!  Ignore the critics who don't know a thing about board games and buy this!!!"
,Not Recommended,242570,8170082,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,|̲̅F̲̲̅| Derxberms,Felt like it was impossible. Overpriced as well.
,Recommended,242570,8173224,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,-=HATE=- Leviathan,"If you bought the game expecting the table top experience, then you'll be happy with it. If you bought it expecting it to be something wildly different, then you're an idiot for buying it. The low reviews of the game are only relevant to people who didn't buy the game to relive the old board game."
76561198078031728,Recommended,242570,7779146,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Filter_Freak,"Great graphics , atmosphere and sound .I loved playing ( and still do) Space Hulk VOTBA on the PSX which is why I was so excited for this.Can be a little challenging for people who havent played the board game (like me) but throughouly enjoyable and a great purchace."
76561198010143537,Recommended,242570,13673414,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,WARFAR,"9/10 A good game, perfect for Warhammer or Dawn of War fans! It`s a game based on a table game calle Space Hulk. The goal for the Terminators is to survive and complete missions on different maps.While the Geanstelers are going to prevent the Terminators from completing the missions.This game has Multiplayer and campagin many different maps, Many different guns and caracters, a lot of fun. Multiplayer where you can play whit freinds or people online.You can play as both Geanstelers and terminators. You can have up to 3 players in 1 online game. 1 controlling geanstelers and two controling different terminator squads. Get ready for a lot of fun! :D"
76561198038555250,Recommended,242570,13837463,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,shaunca,"Anyone who has played the classic, this game is a must have! There is still room for improvements but its still a solid game.Who doesn't love Space marines?"
,Recommended,242570,10676306,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TiTz-Up ✶HardA✶,"If you're a fan of the original board game or any other incarnation of the computer game, you will enjoy this.Graphically it looks pretty good, although I'm not so keen on the viewing angle(would have been nice if this could have been adjustable)It's very challenging. If you're expecting fast pace action this is not for you.It's more strategy and a bit of shooting shooting.Also luck as you're at the mercy of the dice roll.Can be frustrating if you've invested an hour or so into a game and then it falls apart.If you like boardgames then you may well like this.I'd give this a 8 out of 10.  I love it!"
,Not Recommended,242570,10772422,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,zanglebert,"Poor man's X-Com. Terrible graphics, boring gameplay. Really not very enjoyable, even though I'm a huge 40k fan."
,Recommended,242570,12209297,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,fenlander,Loved the board game and this is a great update to the computer of that game.
,Recommended,242570,13685635,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,lagis,"I tried to enjoy this, I really did, but in this game you can only lose.Recommended only for masochists."
,Recommended,242570,13931476,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,JeraWolfe,"9.5/10This game did what it set out to do, and it did it beautifully.If you remember the first foray into the Warhammer universe...Space Hulk, the Board Game,Then you will love this game. Every rule, lovingly crafted into a beautifully modelled and animated game.This isn't a video game like you're used to, this is more of a board game meets computer-next-gen.I loved it. For video gamers, it's a pure solid TBS. A comprehensive manual within the game itself, explaining every rule and concept in the game. And finally, some added stuff, a few extra options, and upgradeable marines! It adds a slight RPG element. Difficulties to select your level of unforgivingness.Remember two things. Burst fire is useless (really, it is), and there is no undo button.Have fun!"
76561198066940594,Recommended,242570,10636489,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KharnSkullz,"this game is awesome terminators, genestealers and stormbolters can't get much better than that totally worth it even at full price"
76561197972512174,Not Recommended,242570,10784556,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RobotOnTheToilet,"This game comes with 10 minutes of content. The number of missions included was 3 or 4. Either way it only took about 10 minutes to beat them. When I started to look for where the rest of the game was, its locked up in DLC, and then you can play some mutiplayer. Its another games workshop money grab, and not worth it at all. If you want a game with 25 dollars worth of content, go buy something else. I got it for 90% off, $2.50, and even at that rate I feel ripped off."
76561198049018234,Recommended,242570,13219533,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Werewolfenstein,Just started playing after trying the board game and it is almost exactly the same feel. A must have for 40K fans!
76561198020832361,Recommended,242570,10694689,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,tweetyb77,"If you like the orignal board game, you will love this."
76561198006891718,Recommended,242570,11388585,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,burgstel,"Pretty good video game remake of the classic board game. The game did have a few issues earlier, but the development team have been great in supporting the game with regular patches and bug fixes. Game play is pretty good overall, but could use some more cut scenes.Great DLC at a reasonable price of $5 per dlc. Space Wolves have been recently added, so one can play either them or the blood angels. Looking forward to the rumoured bio-morphs for the genestealers to make them even nastier in MP - heheheh.Recent patches have added a lobby to the MP side of the game, allowing for greater flexiability in terms of match making.Graphics aren't the best, and occasionally still glitchy, but the developers are pretty helpful in the forums in terms of feedback and possible solutions.Space Hulk didnt get the best reviews at launch due to its bugs and glitches, but has greatly improved over the journey, though I would recommend this game to mainly 40K and Space Hulk fans, as some one new to either might be put off by the games earlier 'issues'. If on sale, I would recommend to buy but not if they are still asking around $30.Rating 7.5/10 for Space Hulk / 40K fans about 6/10 for other parties."
76561198071564171,Recommended,242570,21992649,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Hamburger Hippie,"This is a great game.  It really pushes you to think and I love it.  Space Hulk is like a board game, you take turns with your people against the aliens.  You sometimes have different goals for different maps but most goals are to kill all the aliens.  Its so fun and so creative.  The character models look amazing as well.  This game gets the AMERICAN ratting of 9/10. I recommend this game to all."
76561197995965780,Recommended,242570,13833649,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TheBey0nder,"classic - just like the excellent board game, lots of jeapordy and chance. im not interested in SH ascencion - this is for the DOW fanboys who want experience and character deveolopment etc.. SH ascension has as much in common with the spacehulk boardgame as DOW has with the WH40K table top game - ie bugger all!this game is a cool laid back way to kill an hour playing old skool tactics, like the hot seat so you and a friend can play terminators and genestealers without having to pay 75£ PLUS  for the boardgame nowadays"
76561197999887800,Recommended,242570,10618672,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Altronous,Who doesn't enjoy a little Space Hulk.Bring the fantastic board game to your PC.
76561198130649316,Recommended,242570,10735332,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ptvalpha,Pretty much what you would expect from a recreation of the board game. Worth a play through!
76561197987124218,Recommended,242570,13320957,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Boadicea,"Brutally hard and yet there is something about it that keeps you coming back for more. When you complete the later missions you feel as if you truly earned the emperors respect because along the way you have to push forward against unimaginable odds, guard your key areas, and you WILL need to sacrifice many of your units just to get that one guy through that counts. I even sent a heavy flamer who ran out of ammo in the opposite direction as a decoy to lure the enemy away, he didn't get very far, but it was far enough that I could get the rest of the guys in a good position and win. That mission left me with 2 survivours out of 10 and 130+ of the enemy dead (If you've played this, you KNOW that's unheard of).Sure, it's not perfect, there are no cutscenes, and the narration gives you very little to run on in terms of story. It's also overly dependant on luck which means you can have the best strategy and still lose (which I hear they vixed in ascension?) but most of the time you can ""undo"" your last move that missed and try again to even the odds a little (I only figured this out on the last campaign, wish I had known earlier).I got the ultimate pack with all the content while on special so I'm not sure what is original or DLC but the full package has at least 20 hours of game here if you're man enough to stick with it. Some of the later missions (harbinger of torment for example) have an absolutely insane difficulty and a single mission can take you over 4 hours to get right. Thankfuly you can save any time you like but trust me, it doesnt help as much as you think it would, especially if there is a turn limit on the mission.Note: Ascension is not the same missions with a new engine, it's a totally different game with no links to this one. I'm currently waiting for it to come on special but you can be sure I'll pick it up when it does. If it's even half as good as this, I'll be happy, and it's supposed to be better and with a lot more missions!"
,Recommended,242570,13708859,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Nemesis271989,"Awesome looking game, a lot of fun."
,Recommended,242570,7795643,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Shiromizu,"Fantastic game tho not as good as there old turn based games they released back in the day. But i guess after so long without making one they're bound to be a little rusty with the idea still worth a play, tho i would only get it when its on offer like i did but overall good game."
,Not Recommended,242570,10211476,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,XTRMNTR2K,"I'll make this short:The good stuff:+ the gameplay itself is good+ the graphics are more than adequate+ the sound effects are actually well-done; every weapon sounds as powerful as you'd expectBUT, and that's a big one:- the key binds are still not configurable, even after months of players begging for this feature.Seriously?This is 2014.A PC game with non-configurable controls, even if it is a turn-based tactics game, is a huge no-go.So unless - or ratheruntil- this is fixed, I can not, in good conscience, recommend this game; not even at budget price."
76561197997941900,Recommended,242570,7806474,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,xxx RIP xxx,"Definitely a nice game...if you like the board game, this is definitely the game for u....:)"
76561197960445924,Recommended,242570,12915398,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Gut Eater,"I've tried hard to get into this game but I'm struggling. I loved the original ps1 version which is what got me into this in the first place. The most frustrating thing to the game in campaign mode is my terminators seem to die far too easily, especially when I've set them in either ""guard"" or ""overwatch"" mode and facing the direction of the potential threat. When I do this as a prudent commander should, a genestealer will most certainly almost always come around the corner, engage my terminator, and make swiss cheese of him...CONSTANTLY. And on the mission I happen to be stuck on; Messenger of Purgatory: Cleanse, which is the THIRD mission into the whole campaign, the mission is failed as soon as I lose ONE terminator. Overall a real stuck and deflating experience.EDIT: After playing it more extensively, I have come to enjoy it more but ONLY ON EASY settings. To play the game on anything higher in difficulty can be maddening as you just don't seem to have a fighting chance given gun jams and how your terminators can't seem to hit the broad side of a barn on normal difficulty or above."
,Recommended,242570,7791780,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Barundar,This is the classic Space Hulk board game converted to PC with some nice touches.  Still plays the same with some great graphic upgrades such as the shoulder cam.  Great turn-based strategy!
,Recommended,242570,7789464,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Moria,I really enjoyed this game for how accurate it is to the board game. So if you want play a pretty solid turn base game based off board game Space Hulk I'd say it's worth the buy.
,Not Recommended,242570,8132975,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,jrj4782,"This is a no go for me.  I came off a high for this concept of game after playing xcom: enemy unknown, and thought this would be similiarly fun.  NOPE, did not care for it at all and had almost no similiarities"
76561197993315678,Not Recommended,242570,8634123,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Levs,"This game is realy bad, avoid at all cost. Do not recommend.I loved the original board game, and the original pc game.But this is just an aweful attempt to make something from the GW lisence.it feels nothing like the board game, the controls are terrible. The graphics and animations will maybe look ok on a smart phone."
,Not Recommended,242570,11813028,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Sheep!,"I am unimpressed.  Yes, this is a faithful adaptation of the 1989 board game, right down to telling you exactly what the Space Marines and Genestealers rolled on their six-sided dice each turn.  And that's a problem.Movement grids, turns and six-sider-based combat mechanics are all  useful approaches to creating a game that can be run on the limited processing power available in a group of human players.  On a computer that could do so much more, it just seems rather pitiful.  The grid based movement and action point system make your tactical options very limited while the randomness of the six-sider engine ensures that even an optimal strategy can be overwhelmed in one or two turns of bad (simulated) rolls.  (And, conversely, sloppy strategy can still triumph, if the dice favour you.)In the original game, seeing your squad crushed without recourse because the dice simply turned against you was an accepted part of play.  Playing with a group, seeing a friend suddenly get demolished by a run of bad luck could be a source of hilarity.  But playing solo, in a computer game that didn't need to rely on something as crude as a handful of d6s, allowing victory or defeat to lie in the hands of virtualized plastic cubes seems inexcusably lazy.The setting is cool.  The graphics and sound are adequate.  But the mechanics of the board game needed a major overhaul to make the transition to a digital environment, and they didn't get it."
76561197992353914,Not Recommended,242570,1375130,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,DragoDrag,"игра просто ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о, не покупайте :("
76561198027732286,Not Recommended,242570,8194737,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,unnodedike,"the random generator is totaly not random its pro genestealer i tryed a zilion tactics and the out come was always the same, in almost as much turns as i had marines i died when i made comtact with the stealers.this game looks may be as the board game but i advise to get the boeardgame because thats a 250% more fair game than what you get here.and of course there is no one to play a PvP game against."
,Recommended,242570,9022901,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,hillslam,The more I play the more I love this game
76561198008760702,Recommended,242570,14925675,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,mog_man,"oldskool spacehulk, how it should be :)"
76561198025681070,Not Recommended,242570,13565286,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Neutralred,Don't even start it up unless you have a lot of time and inhuman patience when dealing with poor RNG.
76561197992492546,Not Recommended,242570,7809224,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,noc-su-cou,"i have never known a weapon to jam more then a storm bolter. 4 consecutive jams off one terminator in one round of overwhatch.all i can say is save all your ap and cp for your jams. I had high hopes for this game, but it's been let down by a rubbish d6 randomizerin no way worth full price, bareley worth the sale price. i hope the next patch sorts this out."
76561198040950964,Recommended,242570,23958346,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ComBob,Classic game good fun.
,Recommended,242570,11186321,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,The Hellblazer,"Due to the nature of the game (dice based) it can seem very inconsistent. One minute you can fail horribly then the next attempt it can seem too easy, which can be frustrating when you use the same tactics in both. It can be fun though when it doesn't feel like the game is setting out to see how many times a gun can jam in one mission though. I would recommend it but I got it in the sale and don't think I would have been as happy to recommend had I paid full price for it."
76561198096729843,Recommended,242570,11203868,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,IdoruIx,"Space Hulk is an odd gaming experience. It's pretty much a pure port of the board game, which is probably the main issue I have with the PC game.I played the board game about 10 years ago and really enjoyed it, and this is a nice way to play the game if you don't have any humans nearby to play with. But, like chess or monopoly, the human interaction is part of the fun; playing against a computer is...well...souless.In my opinion, what this game needed was some RPG elements, like gaining experience points to upgrade your squad, or a more engaging storyline. Something to elevate it beyond the boardgame in a way that compensates for that lack of human interaction.As it is currently, there is no sense of attachment or engagement, which makes the level by level progression of the game feel a little unfulfilling.The game also feels a bit too unfair - the terminators cannot move very much in a turn, their bolters jam at every oportunity, you have a 1 in 4 chance of winning/surviving close combat, the bolter has a 35% chance of killing in the first shot, and the more reliable weapons have very limited ammo. As far as I can see, your only option is to constantly play defensively: placing your men in key positions and setting them to ""overwatch"" or ""guard""; which is difficult when playing an offensive mission.The odds are against you, you will lose often (even in the early missions) and it will start to become boring after a while since it is a machine beating you, and not your buddy who you can laugh with afterwards. You also can't switch and play as the Genestealers in the campaign, so you are stuck as the lumbering terminators with unreliable weapons.In short - if you want to play the Space Hulk board game alone, this is a good option. If you want a fulfilling gaming experience, move along. The regular price is a bit too much for what the game is. If you want to check it out, wait for a sale."
76561197982231182,Recommended,242570,11196185,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,TimSteve,Its the board game on a computer with very little added and nothing taken away. Some will hate that but I think its great. Not enormously captivating but its fun to boot up and play through a mission whenever you feel like it... but its never going to be as fun as playing the real thing with a group of friends.Good fun but probably aimed more at people who've played the board game
76561198033248918,Recommended,242570,11211759,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,boriswolfgang,"If you are familiar with the tabletop board game - you will absolutely Love this game.If you have never heard of the tabletop game - you will most likely hate this.Either way, look up the rules for the tabletop miniature boardgame online first, it is EXACTLY the same, and the video game doesn't tell you what a lot of those rules are, only what a few buttons do."
,Not Recommended,242570,11173462,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,wAx,"With the dice rolling in this game, I don't know how the Blood Angels win anything against the Tyranids when their Bolters jam like every effing time. No wonder there are only ""50"" Blood Angels left out of the 1000 they send in..."
76561198005153759,Recommended,242570,12303922,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,GunSh0w,A great adaptation of the classic board game.  Definitely worth it if you're a fan of Warhammer 40k!
76561198011532439,Recommended,242570,12250733,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Iron Shepherd,"Space Hulk was one heck of an experience to have. Looking in the grand scheme of things, you are paying anywhere from $15-25 to buy a virtual game based on a board game that costs well over $90 to sometimes up to $200 in amazing conditions. People interested in buying this product should realize you are buying a scenario based board game set in the WH40k universe. If you like WH40K and enjoy strategy games, this is something you should invest in. If you are thinking this is going to be something like WH40k Space Marine or Dawn of War, you should probably turn away from this game. It gives a clear visual interpretation of the board game Space Hulk, with decent sounds and visual effects. You'll be entranced trying to figure out how to place all of your space marines so that they can cover each other and complete your objective. And with so many missions, DLC, AND Online Multiplayer, this game has a lot of replayability; especially if you have a friend who is just as terminator crazy as you are."
,Recommended,242570,22189533,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,"Fun tactic game up until the gun jams, everyone dies. Very brutal game."
,Not Recommended,242570,10812485,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Bosh,Like XCOM with claustrophobia.
,Not Recommended,242570,19359781,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Cool Blue Link,"I was a bit disapointed by this entry, seeing it's one of the Warhammer 40k series I though it would just as enjoyable as ''Space marines'', ''Dawn of war 1-2'' and some of the older entries...I was really hyped when I heard about this game thinking it would be as fun, full of gore and well.. all the dreams to a fellow space marine fan. I played through the first part of the campain with the genestealers... not all that fun really...Maybe I just need to spend more time with this baby... but for now I don't really recommend this game, but if you want to give it a go then by all means ''JUST DO IT!'' '' DONT LET DREAMS BE DREAMS!!!!!''"
,Not Recommended,242570,7771896,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,norhymes,"Clunky and all-around unfun.  Love the idea, dislike the execution."
,Not Recommended,242570,1379053,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Rokolith,"Bleh... I'm a 40k fan but this game is clunky, has a poor tutorial and has zero music."
76561197991374546,Recommended,242570,19300694,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kaijudo,"This game is great. If you're a fan of the Space Hulk board/tabletop game. This is one of the best digital conversion of Space Hulk. You can play solo or against a friend, online or hot-seat play. It's a must buy for any Space Hulk or 40K fan."
,Not Recommended,242570,8183522,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,⎝👽⎠ J G Baxter ⎝👽⎠,Buggy.  Unreleased promised content.
,Recommended,242570,15231265,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Eribira,My armor is contempt.My shield is disgust.My sword is hatred.In the Emperor's name let non survive!
76561198002310730,Recommended,242570,14146582,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Bomberherald,Spent 6 AP destroying a door.Got mauled by a Genestealer.10/10
76561197969365850,Not Recommended,242570,15641120,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,merck,"I thought this would be cool based on a lineage of strong strategy background. Sadly, pretty boring and nothing new going on here... you'll dig it if you like the IRL version of this game maybe........ But theyre bringing this into the electronic games market here... and as far as contemporary squad based strategy games. Don't waste your money on this... get X-Com."
76561198023897305,Recommended,242570,34050117,Posted: 5 August,all,Eh Steve,"A nice old game.  The turn based gameplay reminds me of Xcom.  That's good. And I like the 1st person camera on the top right of the screen to let you see what your character sees.  It and the music and sounds and graphics really help set the mood.However as the narrow corridors do help set the mood, they also make the maps very reptative.  I think this is a great game to play, but I don't think its a huge time waster.  If you liked Xcom, I think you'll really enjoy this for about 5 to 10 hours.  But after that, you may start looking for something else to do."
,Recommended,242570,13149835,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jacquemort,"""Brothers, my bolter has jammed""10/10 would jam againSrsly tho, I do believe that they fixed all the♥♥♥♥♥♥in Ascension expansion. Go get that one instead."
76561198083755318,Recommended,242570,35396451,Posted: 1 October,all,GrimWarmaster,"If your a fan of Warhammer, gamesworkshop games and turn base strategys you will probably like it. The campaign is lacking of substance so I would suggest picking all the DLC up with it next time its on sale.I forgot to mention I ♥♥♥♥ing hate the voice acting, why would the astartes all sound like mono tone robots even through the vox?"
76561198009358635,Not Recommended,242570,12974125,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mr. Satan Butterwolf,"Terrible game, and I love Warhammer 40k.  It appears they just made a different game to sell ""Space Hulk:Ascension""  instead of making this one worth playing.  The tiny corridors and single file game play suuuuuuuck.  Apparently in that new game by the same name they opened it up.I can't help feeling this developer made a crap game and then rather than fixing it released a fixed version as a seperate game.   I will not be buying any of the Space Hulk franchise again.For turn based combat games Divinity:Original Sin (twenty times better than Space Hulk) or even that Shadowrun (ten times better than Space Hulk) would be better places to spend money.I didn't really mind how bad this game was until they released another one a year later and left this one feeling unfinished and more of a beta test than a full game."
,Not Recommended,242570,7791299,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Roc,Unambitious but true conversion of the old boardgame from 20+ years ago. Its UI feels as dated as the gameplay to be honest.
76561197976811566,Not Recommended,242570,15639973,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,The Intern,"My experience with Space Hulk so far:- Beating helplessly on a closed door because Power Fists are really only as strong as a Guardsman's Lasgun.- Terminator Space Marines--the Emperor's Finest--are paper tigers prone to Cataclysmic Life Failure if a genestealer so much as breaks wind within hearing distance.- Storm Bolters jam with such alarming frequency that Overwatch becomes pointless.- Veteran Space Marines can't shoot or fight.- Imperial technology is in fact so terrible that it relies entirely on weighted dice rolls that love landing on 1.- Apparently the Blood Angels once committed their 1000 STRONG CHAPTER to a single Space Hulk and only 50 came back.If you want to play a less involved version of X-Com which takes out all those annoying customizations, research and possibility of victory factors, save your money and buy the Space Hulk board game. At least then your friends can share in terrible dice rolls and general pointlessness."
76561197999410300,Not Recommended,242570,7796558,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Wham,"I simply cannot recommend this game, and actively discourage anyone that is not a diehard fan of Warhammer 40k from buying it.  It's just not worth the thirty dollar price tag.Clunky animations, stale environments, and hours of fighting the exact same enemy are all that await you.I must repeat, given the steep price tag for an indie game, make sure you do your research before purchasing this one"
,Not Recommended,242570,7796032,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Wolf,"Slow paced, Bad graphics excedingly boring. This game is bad even by free standards. If you want a game like this go and play ""front line tactics"" its free and its much more fun. The only thing this has going for it its that it will appeal to people like me who like the warhammer universe and even as a long time player of warhammer games this made me cringe.2/10"
,Not Recommended,242570,227304,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,dvorak,"I really like the Space Hulk board game. And even though this in function duplicates the rules and basic game, I can't recommend getting it unless you really REALLY like the Space Hulk board game."
76561198013307137,Not Recommended,242570,8156891,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Hakenkreuz,Any game related to Gamesworkshop has been a let down for me. Don't bother with the bugs and silliness
76561197968367148,Recommended,242570,12738455,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Armagad,"Tactics. Very fun, on quads."
,Recommended,242570,12784515,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,MelhemX,"This Game is a chellenging game. it is base on a board game of the same name.each playthough is different from the other, this game can be unpredictable sometimes.if you are looking for a challenge, well this game is up for the challenge"
76561198149927988,Recommended,242570,12961657,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,d_con_k,"Got this game first on the IPAD and then was waiting for the Ascension version to come out on the PC. After playing around with that a bit, I found that I liked Space Hulk quite a bit more. I know it’s not totally fair to compare since they are supposed to be 2 different games – but there are enough common elements in the visual components and game play mechanics to warrant comparison.For me, this is the more polished and refined of the 2 offerings. I sincerely hope they continue to actively develop and support this version and ignore the minority of naysayers that tend to just be loud / flaming - but not the voice of the majority (see the overall Review ratings here and on the Apple Store).Full Control – develop more for this game line and I will be a returning customer."
76561198027043293,Not Recommended,242570,10225627,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,El_Blarfo,"Plodding pace, PS1 quality graphics, Dull gameplay... you'd have a better time driving nails into your own head.Avoid this one like the plague."
76561197971547390,Not Recommended,242570,8393454,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wonko,"Another dissapoinitng adaptation of a Games Workshop title. Buggy and slow, this shined turd is still just a turd. Stick with the free Java version."
76561197994872462,Not Recommended,242570,8231278,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Captain Lou,Its as bad as you've heard.but it's still Space Hulk.
76561198006538098,Not Recommended,242570,8668824,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Inf,It's an unpolished mess.
76561198019276895,Recommended,242570,12678089,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,KrAzYrAbBiT,WARNING!!! This is a BOARD GAME put on computer. Perfectly. Lotta fun especially with other players. I bring in my family as I bought them all copies. We happen to like board games so this was perfect. I wish they'd have brought in a game like vengeance of the blood angels or just a map where you tell your guys where to go an hold etc. But this is what it is. If you can pick it up for under 10 it's a steal. I paid a lot more but I again love board games.
76561197983742784,Not Recommended,242570,13011091,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,To-olak,For hardcore fans only. Takes a lot of effrot to continue. It is wery hard to keep interested in it for a long time (longer than 5 missions) and because it doesn't store automatically saves on a cloud I played through that 5 missions for 5 times already.
76561198073183629,Not Recommended,242570,13036675,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,codenothing,"The interface for this game is pretty bad. Its often hard to tell which character you have selected, and once you click on a square to move them to, there is no way to cancel it, or even shift to another square of movement. There is no indication of which characters have already activated unless you click on them, which can result in accidental movement.The animations and sound effects are cheap and extremely limited and repetitious . The graphics feel really dated for a company like games workshop, who have a lot of money to make this look great. I guess they went with the budget plan instead.The game itself is pretty boring. The game basically breaks down to moving really really slowly down choked corridors and rolling 5+ over and over again. In the 2 hours I played I found no strategy whatsoever in the choices I was making, and the mechanics being really frustrating and limited. I have contemplated several times buying the board game, and am now really glad I never did. That would have been a $90 mistake. Glad I got this version on the cheap to warn me off.If you want a good turn based stategy on PC go play X-Com. And if you want a good turn based stategy on the tabletop, the Gears of War boardgame blows this garbage out of the water."
,Recommended,242570,11530923,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,MyLord,"судьба злодейка, жизнь копейкане продумал ходы потерял бойца, игра чисто для фанатов, особенно понравится кто играл в настольную версию. С точки зрения драйва игра отстала на пару лет.the fate of the villain, life pennynot thought through the tunnels lost soldier, the game purely for the fans, especially like who played in the desktop version. From the point of view of the game drive was a couple of years."
76561198048376867,Not Recommended,242570,8140105,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Gekkarino,"Not for everyone, and I'm one of these people who dont enjoy it."
76561198012362866,Not Recommended,242570,12939456,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,rozdog707,'s an ok game. You  gotta really love warhammer 40k and this genre to play it a lot.
76561198039220932,Not Recommended,242570,7948868,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Q is for Qadim,"Kinda bare bones. It's really what you'd get if you had a box of the tabletop game in front of you. Nothing more, nothing less. I mean sure it's pretty, but they didn't really do anything more with it."
76561197970551637,Not Recommended,242570,8665153,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,GrooveMan,"Pass... Not worth the current price, Poor Animations, Instant Mission Fails, Clunky Mechanics,  Not even close to what I expect from my turn base strat games.  Save your Money."
,Not Recommended,242570,8125080,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Angelusmortis,"Don't even bother playing this unless you are the luckiest bast**d on the earth, because the dice rolls in this are pathetically horrible. XCom is what this game should be. And this has been completely fu**ed up!"
76561197973107065,Not Recommended,242570,8130348,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Oruein,"The game might have been worth it for 10 bucks, but it's so clunky, unweildy and horridly boring that you're better off spending your cash on something else. Which is sad, really. Cause I love WH20K stuff but.. anyways. Better luck next time guys."
,Not Recommended,242570,8128745,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Bad Blood Bear,Without being able to custermize your marines or upgrade them this game feel like a very empty and simple game.
,Not Recommended,242570,12125110,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,IST_Audius,"5 guys, 1 hallway, 50 aliens.  You die in 1 hit, and the aliens are near IMPOSSIBLE to hit.  It amazes me that this game has any fanbase."
76561198022311003,Not Recommended,242570,13022490,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ZappBrannigan,"A strong idea with poor implementation. The dice rolls make this feel like a game of chance rather than strategy. If you are interested, check out the recently released (and much improved) Ascension Edition instead."
,Not Recommended,242570,13913689,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,WHAM,"Don't buy this game.If you want the original board game, get the original board game from somewhere.If you want a PC game: try the Ascension version instead."
76561198030124232,Not Recommended,242570,12986579,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Kieron,"I was excited to get this, but I honestly cannot recommend it.  The controls are clunky and frustrating, and it feels like there is actual latency in the single player game that makes it worse.  Occasionally you will try to control a different guy, only to have the game not recognise that you clicked on someone else, sending the one you just positioned to the other end of the room, burning all your command points, and killing everyone."
,Recommended,242570,7383686,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Kamakazie,"Does a great job of translating the board game to the PC.  It remains a tense, stressful experience with quality multiplayer."
76561198045741806,Recommended,242570,12664810,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,qtquazar,"Seems pretty good so far--almost done first campaign, Issues on release seem to have been completely addressed.In shortL Tight board game with decent production values. Heavy D6 dice rules. Very basic TBS but captures the setting and feel quite nicely. Solid minor buy.If you're looking for something a bit more zany and open-ended, try Bionic Dues.I wondered if this game could maybe have done more with the Warhammer 40k universe, but then I started reading about said universe/lore and it's pretty bloody stupid. In some ways glad the devs kept a narrow focus on the game."
76561198020749198,Recommended,242570,27524888,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bazuleki,For the emperor!
,Recommended,242570,12994775,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ephemeriis,"It's a faithful port of the Space Hulk boardgame.  Not the Warhammer 40,000 tabletop strategy game - just plain ol' Space Hulk.If you're not familiar with Space Hulk...  It was a spin-off from Warhammer 40,000.  It featured Space Marine Terminators making their way through cramped corridors and fighting Tyranid Genestealers.  Heavily turn-based.  Very slow-paced.  Not a whole lot in the line of character development or depth.  Think of it kind of like a 40k version of chessThe videogame does a good job of porting that to the computer, while updating the visuals to match what we've become accustomed to with recent Warhammer 40,000 releases.It's still a slow-paced game.  Still heavily turn-based.  There's not much you customization or character development.  There isn't a whole lot of storyline.  You've got Terminators plodding through cramped corridors and killing Genestealers - just like the boardgame.If you've enjoyed the boardgame and you're looking for something you can play solo, you'll probably be pretty happy with Space Hulk.If you've been enjoying the other Warhammer 40,000 offerings on Steam and you're looking for your next hit, you'll probably be disappointed with Space Hulk."
76561198091739713,Recommended,242570,16147193,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ween Official,30 dollar alternative to a 300 dollar board game
76561198013757930,Not Recommended,242570,10961744,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MajorNoodles,was in the lobby for like 2 hours trying to get a game going friend and I kept disconnectiong 10/10 its a horrible mess.
76561197998935647,Not Recommended,242570,17410565,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,The Empty Space,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Play  the mediocre reboot instead when it goes on sale foe $.45.
76561198006782179,Not Recommended,242570,10779233,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Santana (Mnemonic),Dammm... This game is Ugly and Boring.Pure Waste of money
76561198020709327,Recommended,242570,13203082,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Kashgari,"I like it , is a nicely polished version of Space Hulk: Vengeance of the Blood Angels from 1995 ."
,Recommended,242570,21425707,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,鸽子,good game
,Recommended,242570,21339263,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Makoo,A simple but totally decent little tactics game with different equipment types and difficult enemies.
76561198120569107,Recommended,242570,21555350,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Supreme Dark Lord,HELL YEAH. Everyone should love space hulk. Kick some genestealer butt as the blood angel terminators
,Not Recommended,242570,11798463,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,skilleras,An absolutely terrible game.
76561197965206409,Not Recommended,242570,11650208,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Dr.Corpse,"fighting refridgerator simulator from the 41st century.does exactly what the board game does and most of the design aspects as a pc game (UI, options, server browser) are done left-handedly and it shows.as for the gameplay, there is a reason space hulk as a board game has the appeal it has and one round of co-op in this soon shows why.so as a momentary fun you can get few hours out of it, but given the ridiculous price compared to the left-handed execution this can only be recommended if on 75% or more discount."
76561198042269155,Recommended,242570,12363593,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,TotalAbyss,It's pretty good for a turn based RNG game.
,Recommended,242570,13203492,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,embecmom,Is a decent game got it on sale.. played the original pc version and this sticks very close to it.. it is very repetitive and somewhat frustrating.. I know its part of the game to have jams in the guns.. but its how many thousands of years in the future? you would think they would have figured out how to solve that problem .. it always seems to happen at the most critical point .. apart from the to numerous gun jams would recommend this game.
76561198051378539,Not Recommended,242570,23841014,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Wedrujacy,Group of Marines in Terminator Armours defends on ship from assoulting gants.Everything would be fine if:- GUI would not be so raw and old- there will be any visible customization and progressOther words if you are not Space Hulk fanatic I would not reccomend at all.If you really like Space Hulk universe I would reccomend it but not with full price.
,Not Recommended,242570,13137874,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Mark (OoieGooie),"Back in the 90's there was a really cool turn based 40k game called ""Warhammer 4000 Chaos Gate"".  That was the turn based game they should have made.  Man, if you missed out on that game it was the best.  Space Hulk feels like a cheap knock off."
76561198023364713,Not Recommended,242570,13502800,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,darkasp,"I grew up playing the original Space Hulk game.  I wanted to love this one also.  It wasnt horrible, but it wasnt great.  I found the DLC extremely boring.   The missions felt the same and didnt have the urgency to finish before getting wiped out.  If you love space hulk, I would get the game but not expect to put in hundreds of hours.  If you dont know much about space hulk, as much as i hate to say, I wouldnt bother."
76561198020852201,Not Recommended,242570,13047498,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,FuglyVirgin,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game! Most of the people I know who bought it don't like it either. Not an easy game to learn nor is it very fluid.
,Not Recommended,242570,13078685,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,jimmywolf,had potenal but they went made the same again but upgrade an better an said we could buy it for a discount .... nice
76561197993342106,Not Recommended,242570,13969728,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,spikybudgie,"As others have implied in their reviews, this is really a 'hmmm maybe if it's on sale' title. Even then it's unpleasant to find that there's very little gameplay to be had before you're asked to shell out for more content. Not cool. The game itself I like - it's faithful to the board game and I'm forgiving of some of the little animation glitches and rawness here and there because of this - but they should have put a whole lot more into it before shoving in the paid-for content. Definitely wouldn't pay full price for this - if you don't already own it then Xcom Enemy Unknown would be a much better investment."
76561198076677264,Recommended,242570,10764853,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Get Shreked Mgoogleplexian,this is a great game and i would glady pay full price and £1.90 is a stea deffintaly recomend
76561198006382081,Recommended,242570,12323865,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Camilla Plum,I have absolutely no idea why SPACE HULK got that low a grade. It is 98% true to the boardgame and honour it in every way. The game works very well on PC and game is nothing less than great!I definately reccomend this to any strategy nerd. So nice to see a properly done turn-based strategy game! :-DI think this should have gotten atleast 9 out of 10.
,Recommended,242570,12482678,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Impsmash,"Space Hulk is a faintly glimmering gem among all other turn-based strategy games. Truly, this game is worth anyone's time for at least one mission (hopefully not the Suicide Mission).First, heed my warning all who dare to step into the bloodied arena that is ""Space Hulk."" This game is unforgiving, cold, and calculating. It will judge every decision you make and then show you the error of your ways, in the warm splash of your marine's blood. This is not a game to be toyed with, it is to be respected and revered for its nature. If you, the player, might have a slight tendency to give-up easily, then I warn you this one and only time, and that is to watch someone else play it. Don't let your brain seape through your noggin while you scream in agony as the Gene-splicers overwhelm you with their tenacity. Trust me, I know.To sum it up, this game is death in digital form. Only the few who pass its trials may overcome it and become its master.Now, onto reality, shall we?Space Hulk is a turn-based strategy game based on the notorious table-top game self-titled ""Space Hulk."" Take note that I have never played Space Hulk and most likely won't in the near future. Although, if the prices are right, I would love to sit down and try a game with a friend if permitting.There is only one faction to play in Single Player (although I think mods and DLC's may expand that horizon), and that is the Space Marines. Vise versa, in multiplayer, two players can pick between the protagonistic Terminators or the antagonistic ""Gene-stealers."" Gene stealers were the original Tyranid threat and are pretty terrifying to say the least. Its not their looks, its their tenacity and ability to overwhelm you at every turn. I won't get into great detail about the game, but its based on movement and action. You, the player, get a specific amount of action points alloted every round to every individual marine (4 per character, depending on the type of marine). Command points are granted based on things you do and can help further an action if need be, but would only be wise to use in an emergency. Every time you advance a marine, you use one action point for every square you advance him. Every time he turns, it is one point and so on and so forth. Its strategy lies in making sure you have enough points and resources (uses of flame-throwing technology for specific types of marines) to survive the game and complete the objective. You, the player, are given an objective (and possibly a set of minimum requirements) every mission. Such objectives might include annihilating every gene-stealer in a givern round or destroying a command room with a flame-thrower marine (Suicide Mission) without losing all of your marines. These objectives vary and can add some definite flavor to a given circumstance such as having one marine left and having to kill only three more gene-stealers coming at you from two different hallways. There are random instances where a bolter might jam-up or you miss your shots, generally, if an enemy is in the same hallway and your marine is staring down that hallway, it will see it and most likely hit it. Think of this game as a very limited and tightly spaced (CQB=Close Quarters Combat) X-COM game. You can of course replay missions and I think you may be able to set up your own using some crafty coding possibly (unsure). Oh, I almost forgot to mention, you can customize your banner with achievements. There are always DLC coming out and there is a lot of content (you will be stuck at times, so don't worry if you do not have enough to do). With the new Terminator ""Space Hulk"" game coming out featuring the infamous ""Deathwing"" squad, you can grab this game and busy yourself with Gene-stealing killing happiness (with a hint of frustration)FINAL VERDICT (My own opinion)Gameplay - 9.3/10Sounds (Music, Voice Acting, Etc.) - 7/10Lasting Value - 8/10Thank you for your time, and have a wonderful day."
76561198007055379,Recommended,242570,11502789,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Teras,If you loved the boardgame you will love this game. Faithful and true to its origins in every way. Brilliant.To all those who never played the boardgame - you missed out! :D
,Not Recommended,242570,11577975,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Demon,This game could have been great... but alas the emporer has fallen.
,Not Recommended,242570,11849534,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Grognard_87,"This game I had hopes for, however it really isn't very good. The graphics are quite awesome and I love little things like the HUD of each troop as they walk through a genestealer infested ship and creates quite an atmostphere. However the menus are sub-par and when clicking on the help icon all it did was point out what the controls were below so if you forget important things, like handing a item to another team member or something then you're boned.It's meant to be based on the board game, but I've never played the board game and even then I've been told it's also very cut down compared to the boardgame."
76561198010620931,Not Recommended,242570,19602543,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,JackSlater,"-I never played the Space-Hulk TT nor 40k in General (bite me :P  )Is this game entertaining for such a user? absolutely not.1 Hit deaths due to their rending claws and dependency of overwatch to get anywhere... well, i just can't get any kick outta it.Hit it during a sale, so a ~ 2 € won't be too harsh to waste. Even better, check Ascension. I will, at the next sale."
,Not Recommended,242570,10794098,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DocFaustus,"What the frack is wrong with these developers ?The difficulty is insane, the animations are ... not so good.It took me 10 tries to get through the second tutorial mission ?!?I´m unable to get through mission 3.NOPE!"
76561198010353953,Recommended,242570,10241282,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,dafidboy,"As a big fan of Games workshop, this game appeals to me in every sense. It is like playing the space hulk board game without the setting up and packing away. However, if you do not like turn based games or indeed games with a tactical edge, then you will probably not like this.Graphically it dosent blow me away, i would expect to see similar quality on a ios device. Would have liked some weapon/armour configurations aswell, but i guess its a complete replica of the board game so your limited to the standard squad setup.All in all im really enjoying this, so if your a GW fan, or a turn based strategy fan. give it a go"
,Not Recommended,242570,21315095,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Reap,"I've played every iteration of Space Hulk and this one is probably the best, but its not saying much.Im not actually a fan of the ruleset for Space Hulk in general. Its too confined to a linear purpose with repetitive game patterns. Even on a tabletop its not much fun. I'd pass"
76561197971192456,Not Recommended,242570,21908617,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Bonesmascha,"Melee combat is not an Option, every Unit has only 1 hp lost melee = dead Marines, you will loose melee with most of the units like 80% of the time.Levels are repetetive, not many tactical options because of narrow corridors, one marine fights he fails you got a problem. No progress system. Game gets Boring after 5 Levels"
,Not Recommended,242570,14183983,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,The Apocalypse Shovel,"This is a boardgame that decided to replace dice rolls with slow cutscenes. Incredibly slow paced, with limited(although meaningful and important) tactical decisions that makes sense given that it was designed to be played in a physical medium. Not sure what the agreement they had with Games Workshop, but I feel liked they missed the opportunity to expand on the source material and take advantage of the digital platform."
76561197999036552,Not Recommended,242570,14926389,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,WeightyUnit88,For a title with average graphics it sure does struggle on my rig.Multiplayer would be great if it worked and there were people online.
76561198047654597,Not Recommended,242570,20811087,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Thanquol,"hey there....so also at first of all: i expected a remake of the space hulk games from the 90´s.......according to that i was so very disappointed to find the very boardgame (my bad)this said the game as it stands is only worth buying, if you want to play with a friend and don´t own the boardgame...i mean it....the only positive about it are just the model´s and the soundbuy spacehulk ascension instead there you get same the game + features you just would espect from a pc game: customisations, gear,traits and something that seems to be a campain"
76561197970538156,Not Recommended,242570,16239844,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,plasmajam,"Sry, I am a total Space Hulk  and Warhammer 40k and I'm just not impressed with the gameplay. Too much like a board game (I know it's roots so don't flame me, plz). I played Space Hulk on the Commodore Amiga and I liked it for it's play style: I would plan my movement and actions of my Terminators and the AI would plan for the Genestealers...but we both executed our moves at the same time and  I could actually control any one of my terminators! HUGE difference fighting for your life face to face with a Genestealer, lopping the top of their skulls off or, blood flying all over the inside of your helmet and you realize you are doomed BUT, if your Terminator has the heavy flamer, he can blow himself up and take nine squares (and anything in those squares) up in a conflagration of fire!Yeah, to me, this game doesn't have none of that. Can't fault the devs, they made SH beautiful and not one crash. For anyone who loves the board game, you may love it. For anyone who played SH on the Amiga, pray that one of the dev's come across it and copies it's gameplay.I would give it a ""C"" for atmosphere and gameplay.I know it's clice' but, ""I really wanted to like this game"" but was spoiled by my Amiga."
76561198066971781,Not Recommended,242570,16638753,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,sketch_zeppelin_ag,"Slow and boringThis is a digital version of the Games Workshop board game of the same name.You play as a chapter of Blood Angel Space Marines trying to retake a city sized ship form Tyranids (think zerg or xenomorph).the game is broken up into various scenarios and has you sending in a squad of space marines into narrow hallways to acomplish various objectives (like kill a certain tyranid or save somebody or hold an area for set nubers of turns)  the game is turn based with you spending action points to move and fight each turn.  depending on the scenario you can choose the types of marines and there equipment at the start of the level.This all sounds well in good but in pratice all your doing is slowlying moving a group of guys that look like refrigerators with legs down tight hallways and slowly trading blows with generic looking bug aliens.  wether you succed or die in combat is determened by an off screen dice roll so you'll move a guy up to a bug.  they's slash you'll shoot (unless you have a sword or hammer) and one of you will fall down. thats most of the game and its as boring as it sounds.If your a 40k fan then i recommend the dawn of war games, if you want a squad based sci-fi tactics game i recommend shadow runner returns (or pratically anything else)  The only thing this game has going for it is that is way cheaper than the actual board game."
76561198010301785,Not Recommended,242570,17611763,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MRKORKY,"Very Simple game, basic animations and not very engaging."
76561197963449508,Recommended,242570,9564249,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Phorensika,"I wrote a damning Review of this last time I played. Time to right wrongs. The latest updates show that the developer listens to the community. I can honestly say I enjoyed playing the last campaign. I ALMOST bought the new ones as DLC, but 4.99 is still a tad too expensive there..All of the old gripes are gone. All that remains to annoy me is the lack of an editor. One of the most fun things with the board version is designing your own campaign, allowing your Marines to develop if you run campaigns through to the end..I still think it is too expensive at almost 30 Euros and 50 if you want the DLC (anyone else remmeber when they were called updates and didn't cost anything??) But the last 3 hours got me all teared up to the point of looking on E-Bay for an original.... And the next time the DLC is in a steam sale..."
76561198037347610,Not Recommended,242570,20397457,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,PhimaiNut,"Don't buy it if you don't like to play the same mission over and over again!ProWarhammerConsdepend on luck so muchno different in easy, normal or hardyou find yourself reload every mission just for one ""dice"" wrongIt's not fairIt's better stay as a board game."
,Not Recommended,242570,17013807,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Deckard_,"Weapon's jam constantly.  Can't enjoy game.Save yourself the frustration, this game would be good if the weapon jams weren't so ridiculously prevalent.  We're talking jam rates of above 50% here folks, and this is version 1.5.1 I'm talking about.Unless and until weapon jams become a game option, DO NOT BUY!"
76561198169022165,Not Recommended,242570,17359134,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,mass,"I played this version of Space Hulk, plus the Amiga version from 1992. Both were great for their times, but you really can't recommend this game, when Space Hulk: Ascension is a better version, with modified rules for better gameplay."
76561198107662042,Not Recommended,242570,16536027,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,cloning_souls,"i love turn based strategy games and have very fond memories of space crusade on the amigabut this one is so very dull to play, ,its a turned based game without the tacticssingle tile corridors make your options very limitedand your main gun seems to jam  30-40% of the time which is so unrealisticwhat military would use such a poor weapon?"
,Not Recommended,242570,18920833,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Oathed,"Clunky, buggy graphics, lots of clipping. Don't bother unless you're a really really REALLY diehard fan of the tabletop boardgame type thing."
,Not Recommended,242570,14584805,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,FedEx,"Things I learned playing this game? Terminators are actually insanely weak, and even given 40K years of technological progression, humanity has made weapons that jam more frequently then L.A. traffic. I'm sorry I bought this game."
,Not Recommended,242570,20861359,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Teddy Bear,Not impressed. Very low quality and lacks anything unique. When will someone smarten up and make a 40k xcom?
76561198049172184,Recommended,242570,9927538,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,arctuos,classic game   hope to see the ps release on here some day lol
76561198159413906,Not Recommended,242570,20807512,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,punkspider1,"Be aware: There is no one playing this game online at the moment, so you can forget about the multiplayer game.Otherwise it seems like a pretty straight forward version of the boardgame. Don't expect anything too fancy."
76561198053491735,Not Recommended,242570,14518636,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Jathar,"It says it plays for Mac, but don't be fooled. It just brings the player to a broken menu.I played it on my windows computer, and the clunky gameplay proved the effort to be wasted. There's not a lot of winning strategies possible, and waiting for every single marine to finish his move really slowed things down to a lull of boredom for me."
,Not Recommended,242570,14591445,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,deemon,"Too much randomness. Absolute lack of control what's going to happen. It's like playing chess, but every time you want to move a piece, someone rolls dice - 50/50 chance you can actually move your piece."
76561198030746211,Not Recommended,242570,14410854,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,jez1320,"It mirrors the board game.  If you like that buy it.  If not, don't."
,Not Recommended,242570,14642331,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,milkman,"I'm a fan of the board game, somehow I feel the tunnels make this adaptation too claustrophobic in comparison with the flat game (where the squads of terminators really stand up on top of the field). Additionally, the randomness of the fights does not translate well into here, where I've quit the game a few times out of spite at lost fights. I really wanted to like this more. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,242570,19986232,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Extruded Plastic Dingus,Is there a way to remove a game from my library. I don't even want to be reminded of just how horrible this game is. I am going to have nightmares of the gameplay.
76561198081245539,Not Recommended,242570,16817997,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,mbrannaman,Wow - possibly the most horrible controls ever. Gave up after one game trying to get my terminators to just turn properly. No excuse.
76561198042769134,Recommended,242570,8591588,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,FlippantSausage,"This game is more or less exactly like the board game. Same mechanics, not anything else. No persistent campaign characters, no unit veterancy, no choosing squad loadouts. Just Space Hulk. Whether that is any good depends on whether you like Space Hulk or not.  With its simple campaign it doesn't compare well with X-Com, and it doesn't want to, so don't come expecting that. If you arent familiar with the board game, then you would feel like could probably spend your money just as well elsewhere, but if you buy this you will find some very neat mechanics and streamlined gameplay. Playing vs a human opponent with the space marine turn timer is the best way to do it, as the timer and encroaching horde of aliens makes for great tension.As for the single player, it isn't too difficult, and the AI is forgiving. It seems more geared to keeping you interested than winning, as it will gleefully send single aliens to their death for no benefit, so if you dont mess up your overwatch, only some REALLY bad luck will lose you the game.Thanks to recent patches this game is, as far as I have seen, as bug free as any game gets. They also now have an animation speed slider so if you find the animations a bit slow then you can speed that right up.  The dev seems to keep the game fairly well supported so far.Overall probably not something for everyone, but if you are a 40K fan, enjoy board games, or turn-based strategy then this game is worth a look."
,Recommended,242570,11907217,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Canoness Leona,EPIC GAME
,Recommended,242570,10784128,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kurja,"Space Hulk features sluggish gameplay, IOS/Android like outlook and teeth-shattering difficulty (or I just suck). Anyway, this is one of those games which don't need fancy graphics or sound. It just needs teeth-shattering difficulty, big space marines, blasters, flamethrowers, genestealers and everything else it already includes.  It's pure Warhammer 40k experience for what I know that universum. I haven't played original board game. I'm pretty noob on Warhammer generally. Studied a bit and played other titles of Warhammer series. I enjoy this game, atleast as long as I have my keyboard in front of me and screen is functioning normally. Good thing I have decent nerves :) For sale price this is very good for your money. Xcom like gameplay with challenge."
,Recommended,242570,29078538,Posted: 6 January,all,Shield42,Fun turn based game.
76561197999520640,Recommended,242570,8120815,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Wolfgang Amadeus Dota,Nice game for fans. The rest should pick something else.
76561198092075542,Recommended,242570,17131580,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Kundaks,"If you ever played the Space Hulk Boardgame, it´s very likely that you will enjoy this as well, as it is the exact same. And here you are spared all the work to set it up on your dinnertable to be able to play it, just turn on your Comp. and voila, have a go at it.This game getting a Metacritic of 58/100 is badly underrated. Rather turn it around and give it 85/100 because that is what it deserves.If you never played Space Hulk, but do like/fancy turnbased strategy games this might be something for you. It deserves to be checked out.Get your Space Marine Terminators ready and kick some Xenos butt."
76561197966330991,Not Recommended,242570,21567207,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SonOfZion,"It's an OK game, the idea of it is great.BUTWEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION, WEAPON MALFUNCTION!OMFGWTF ALT+F4"
76561198054297474,Not Recommended,242570,21598449,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Elis_Eris,"game look like good strategy game full of tactick possibilities, but it was very booring for me. You just go cross narrow coridor with no possibilities. And all units are easy to kill (so no special tactic are need) just fire. I played many better games"
76561198005817365,Recommended,242570,8417660,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bear Cop,Only in death does duty end...The Emperor protects.
76561197990766081,Recommended,242570,7308090,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Grendel,"fun game if you like 40k, good for multiplayer but you have to setup friends to get good games.  I've def got my moneys worth out of it already and havnt even finished the single player campaign."
76561197972146100,Recommended,242570,11242363,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,THE_RaBiD_CanuK,"Nice little tabletop game on the PC. It's a boardgame. Go in expecting this, and you can have many hours of fun. Don't expect x-com."
,Recommended,242570,11238694,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Saucy,exactly like the board game. its loads of fun
,Recommended,242570,27335108,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Matykero,"An honest, true to the boardgame classic."
76561198009430308,Recommended,242570,27316387,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,egon726,I used to play this on table top and it's exactly like it only i dont have to put it back in the box when i'm done
76561198068747988,Recommended,242570,27364072,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mcfatsofatty,"Fun , great tactical game , provides all the bells and whistles for warhammer 40k ."
76561198026224487,Recommended,242570,26985419,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BigK,Fun game if your a fan on the 40k universe. But be prepared to die a lot genstealers show no mercy.
76561198020144608,Recommended,242570,21598627,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,242570,33844271,Posted: 27 July,all,Scipio💯,None of my space marines were wearing jeans...I don't know who these jean stealers are but they need to stay away from my men :(10/10auspex scanner is busted.
76561197960410272,Recommended,242570,32115817,Posted: 1 June,all,SmarteMarte,"good representation of space hulk, i'm sure the dice rolls are fixed though the harder the difficulty level...when you miss 3x 55% shots and then miss on overwatch on the same target for it to kill 2 terminators its kind of infuriating...."
76561198052276099,Not Recommended,242570,24955818,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,stormtrooper,"Let's start with the good news:Space Hulk is using the original Warhammer 40K rules, so a true Warhammer 40K fan should be satisfied.I would not recommend this game anyways. - You ask: Why?Because of the rest of the game:- Because of the dicing system in Warhammer 40K it is pure luck if you hit an enemy or not. It doesn't matter if you are a great player or a good tactitian. You don't have any influence anyways!- As in the tabletop game, your Terminator dies on the first hit.- As in the tabletop game, your Terminators don't get any experience. So they are just as good (or bad) as usual. They simply just don't improve.- There is just one type of enemy. That is very boring.- There is no long term motivation in improving your troops or your weapons, getting special abilities or something like that.To conclude: The game is not worth playing! I would not even play it if I would get the game as a present, because it is not worth the time playing it! It ist not even worth writing a review, I just want you to keep you from spending your money and time on crap!"
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,242570,714184,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Destyre,"This game really disappoints me. I've only casually picked it up a few times and already I'm half way through all the content. It's ok... just very overpriced. Don't make the mistake I did and buy it for $30. Wait for a sale and pick it up for $10, $15 at the absolute most."
,Not Recommended,242570,12754423,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Takaa,"Wow this game is bad. Its all random luck nothing else, you can have your terminators all die from one enemy or just destroy every enemy that looks at them. Total POS."
,Not Recommended,242570,7790981,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,wern212,"Don't buy this, buy Xcom instead.There is barely any interesting gameplay."
,Not Recommended,242570,12920045,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,gg unit,"Badly drawn pTerran Marines walking on rails. Evil dice.Feels out of date. The pace is slow and the play is cumbersome. RNG feels fair(?) but stupid, for a game of this sort.5/10"
76561197970491642,Not Recommended,242570,10768727,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mr B.,"It's ok, but I don't think it's really worth the price. While it does recreate the board game, it misses out on so many oppertunities to improve by being an online version.And it doesn't seem to be finished. The animations are poor, and often out of sync. The previous Space Hulk was a lot more fun than this, I get the impression the high price is merely due to GW licensing than any real effort put into the game.I played through once, and haven't touched it since, poor addition to the GW games list. Not quite as bad as fire warrior though."
,Not Recommended,242570,12504925,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Ju4nei,"Slow, clunky... Boring..."
,Not Recommended,242570,22260462,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Unravel,"If you've ever felt like rolling 0's and instadying in the tabletop original is a bliss, you will surely like missing point blank shots in this game analogue having second to none power over its RNG rolls or instadying from a counter attack during your own turn. Feels soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo god."
,Recommended,242570,402204,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Thorandor,"Very nicely done game, quite difficult, which makes it that little bit more interesting. However, the game feels slow (as you can't do turns for multiple characters at the same time) and unpolished (some of the animations look awfully like last-gen). Voice overs are really nicely done and reflect the Dawn of War series in terms of quality, though I would have preferred one or two more lines of VO when selecting the same ability.Overall, worth it if you like turn based strategy and a challenge :)"
76561197991236570,Not Recommended,242570,1313572,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Bennings Dekker,My Bolter's Jammed!! .....
76561198001798710,Not Recommended,242570,12392398,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,fmortens,"Runs very slow, annoying gameplay and of course the key mapping is locked on wsad etc and cannot be changed - unfinished game?"
,Not Recommended,242570,9421940,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Phrostylicious,"I loved the board game (back in 1994!?) and I love the WH40k universe. Having said that: this is one of the worst games ever. Completely uninspired, clunky interface, zero excitement, absolutely no sense of ""accomplishment"", it's ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,242570,1785791,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Poor Yurik,I'd rather♥♥♥♥♥♥a full-sized suit of Terminator Armor out of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than to ever have to play this game again.
,Recommended,242570,12713970,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,joshuacaulfield,"This is an excellent game that really captures the spirit of the Board Game.  It's casual, jump in and jump out, but the core game has enough variety for a hundred hours or so of game play.  The DLC is great if you enjoy the game and want more variation. The missions are challenging.  This is straight up turn based tactics.  The story is enough to give you some flavor, but it's not why you are playing.I have and will recommend this to anyone who wants to feel like they are playing Alien 2."
76561197963623155,Not Recommended,242570,21975436,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,washing machine emulator,"Clunky controls, crappy graphics, weird sounds bugs. Not worth it."
76561198019219227,Recommended,242570,8768976,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[XIII] Vindictus Vorn,"If you love the Warhammer 40K universe, and ever had the pleasure of playing the 'Space Hulk"" board game, then this game is for you!Its very CHALLENGING, almost like playing chess...against Mr Spock!You really really have to think out your turns, and tactics.Graphics are great in teh game, a notch or more lower in cutscenes.Addicting and tough!"
76561198082740184,Recommended,242570,12700967,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,TheGloriousBrit,"Great game thats all i can say, for a fan of warhammer 40k or just turn based strategy you will love this game."
76561198002994478,Recommended,242570,7805384,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Styx,"Pretty much perfect reproduction of the boardgame, which is what I wanted so yippee."
,Not Recommended,242570,13988109,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Kyesar<ADC>,"♥♥♥♥ing terrible. it could have been so good, but its not, its just terrible."
,Not Recommended,242570,9514638,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Beaver,no co-op :-(  No RPG elements either :-(
76561198091269627,Not Recommended,242570,11199478,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Generous_J,Just terrible.
76561198006574962,Recommended,242570,10075183,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Philly_Wizard,For the Emperor!
76561198073563542,Recommended,242570,12880255,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,randal.silversword,Great digital version of a splendid board game.A must buy for every GW side games fanatic ;)
,Not Recommended,242570,25435649,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,tesarta,"So....slow....There might be a good game here, but if there is, it's hiding behind the most painfully clumsy animation in a modern game."
76561198007367099,Not Recommended,242570,18098510,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Wufei,"Really boring!! Already after mission two, you get you're first taste of a swam of genstealers after your first two terminators. They may get the first and the second genstealer, but the weapon always jams after the third shot and they fail all the time in close combat. Mission failed and you try again, and again, and again..."
76561198034214149,Not Recommended,242570,15689403,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,richard.davis370,"worst 29.99 i ever spent, gameplay poor, graphics poor, total disapointment from start to ...well 4 hr finish when it got unistalled and added to the never again list.Original warhammer so much better even with terrian glitches!!"
76561197963162188,Not Recommended,242570,20776245,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Thedotus,"Chaos gate was a great game. Maybe even one of my favorites. I thought this would be similar, but you only fight down narrow hallways instead of an open battle field. How does an chaingun miss in a hallway, but an enemy unit kills you in one attack? The tactics are limited and repetitive. I was sadly disappointed, the revamped chaos gate is available on other sites, steam still doesn't have it."
76561198072561543,Not Recommended,242570,20886065,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dysmondad,The geanstealers are way too powerful. Marines never win.
76561198027889728,Recommended,242570,7791672,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Scoops,"purge and cleanse, mang"
,Not Recommended,242570,14723677,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,bad1080,not recommended
76561197999356201,Not Recommended,242570,16529395,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Imkhashi,Sucks. No game of table top space hulk was ever this hard. The genestealers roll a six 90% of the time so close combat is nearly guaranteed death. Terminators jam and miss so often they may as well be unarmed if you arent on overwatch. And the random spawn means that frequently you will be fighting more genestealers than were even included in the boxed game. 2/10 for decent artwork and sound effects. Gameplay is purely based on luck. Dont buy even if its on sale.
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,242570,17761383,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Dethstarr,Awful. Extremely tedious and outdated.   It could have been so much more.
76561198068949954,Not Recommended,242570,15194101,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Zanoth,"Not as awesome as it sounds. Turning is a ♥♥♥♥♥. In general it's very clunky, but kinda a demo of Warhammer 40k mechanics."
,Recommended,242570,14539194,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Rakanishu,Anxiety simulator is all i can say. everything that could go wrong goes wrong. my first time using an assault cannon it malfunctions and exlpodes killing my entire squad on the first turn. Not sure if bad luck or if game hates me. Buy at own risk.
,Recommended,242570,7471182,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Ректальный гусар,Do not EVER buy this piece of TLAH
76561198008566944,Recommended,242570,11240669,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,[BG] Panzer Elite,"Although certainly not worth full retail price, Space Hulk is an extremely enjoyable game of tactics that aims to directly replicate the board game. With combat that resembles a more claustrophobic XCOM, you will find yourself leading a squadron (or two) of Space Marine Terminators, some of the heaviest infantry units in the Galaxy, through narrow tyranid infested corridors. Every movement may compromize the safety of your squad and will be done so tactfully.I got this game for under $2 and it was a great investment, I wish I would have purchased the DLC while it was also on sale. This game is far from a full $30 package and Games Workshop is absurd to charge such a price for it (averaging around $50 with all DLC at retail value), but if you're a Warhammer 40k or XCOM fan and find this game on sale for under $5, it's certainly worth a spin."
76561198065906305,Recommended,242570,8074794,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,ariah2dead,great game very cool
76561198072826923,Not Recommended,242570,24342280,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,KOS-MOS,"It's cheaper then physical version of SHIt's a bad video version of SHAs a former hobbyist i must say that GW totally lost it, both in their Video game section and in the tabletop one."
,Not Recommended,242570,24926583,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,PFC Sisto [3rd ID],"The game looks to be quite fun but it has a few minor flaws that make it almost unplayable. One of them is the fact that you can only undo your last action. This means that every time you make a mistake that involves more than one action, you have to reload the game. The second flaw makes the first one even worse... there is no way to load a saved game while in-game. You have to quit the game and go to the main menu. So this makes playing the game extremely cumbersome and teiuous. This is made even worse by the fact that most close up fights have a higher than 50% chance of being lost. So you have to keep reloading the game very often. I tried googling if it had quick save/load but sadly it doesn't."
76561197999311857,Not Recommended,242570,29137723,Posted: 9 January,all,ChaosEvolution,"Weapon-Jamming & Can't-hit♥♥♥♥♥♥Simulator: Straight Hallway, no enemy fire  and the so called ""Space-Marines:Mankinds strongest Warriors"" get incredible 31% hit-chance(on every distance: 1 or 10 tiles pff what's the difference?)  and even then their weapons can still jam, even that regulary ,that my whole squad was sitting there and every single Bolter was jammed.So the summary is: Space-Marines have a much better PR-Division than actually fighting-power (when you can't hit your enemy it doesn't really make a difference if you can kill him in one hit) and mankinds weapons-manufacturer doesn't know what he is doing, welp humanity is doomed.Oh and much of this is random: Weaponjamming? Random. Hit-Chance? Random. Where are your enemies coming from? Also random. How many moves you get per turn? Partially random. And at the end of each mission you don't think: ""Man I had a good tactic to win this."" you think: ""Thank God, that the bolters didn't jam ,that the marines hit their targets and the enemies didn't have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ positioning. Because all of this happening together was very unlikely.""Oh I almost forgot: the Terminator armor is only there to make you look cool and your movement-speed slow. Because if only one attack goes through your marine is dead...Edit: I tested the ""easy"" difficulty and it isn't as random as ""normal"" ,mainly because there are no weapon-jams. So all in all the biggest problem is the jamming because it ends the ""Overwatch-function"" (Attacking everything that is right in front of you with unlimited attacks). It is mainly used for locking down corridors and the jamming makes you randomly fail at that. And when the game throws a ton of enemies after you, one corridor that randomly isn't locked down anymore can kill your whole team."
76561197972499865,Recommended,242570,12564438,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Good game.
,Not Recommended,242570,27892993,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr. Sparkles Fantastic,"I was really hoping this game would be more interesting than it was. Unfortunately, when your entire team's survival relies on you rolling a six, and only a six, you tend to lose interest really, really fast. If you liked the board game, but didn't like playing with other people, well, this is for you."
76561198006374764,Recommended,242570,27466844,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wrapper,The “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” Award
76561198062959920,Recommended,242570,22758618,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Wiglaf,Great fun!
,Recommended,242570,10178059,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,BALDGYE,This game is hard like my♥♥♥♥♥
76561198011389547,Recommended,242570,10293235,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Spooky Mercer,SPESS MEHREENS
,Not Recommended,242570,8128805,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Gibbon,"Well, it's boring. Which as a quality in a game, is not good."
76561197965392414,Not Recommended,242570,9424169,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Ultmar,"The game is simply lacking any engagement for me. Animations seem sluggish and poor, action is slow and unfulfilling. It seems like a very direct port of the ""Space Hulk"" board game from back in the day, which is not necessarily a bad thing, however it is not a great video game in my eyes."
76561198007206862,Not Recommended,242570,13365080,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,EzyD,"Poor, Poor, Poor. Save your money and buy the boardgame. Far more enjoyabel with friends too !"
76561198005492424,Recommended,242570,22439534,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Lord Inquisitor,Great.
76561197970107408,Not Recommended,242570,9423133,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,[TSYND] Deathsong,boring. Get blood bowl - much better
76561197993060918,Not Recommended,242570,14098004,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Aquinas,5/10
76561198013049337,Not Recommended,242570,21331335,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SNaked,This game stinks. It is so hard to maneuver the figures.
,Recommended,242570,10756571,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AdmGR,Voto 7
76561198104532679,Not Recommended,242570,18867257,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Twit65,"Well, I read bad reviews for this game before I bought it, but the game and all the DLC was like $5 so I thought, ""why not?"". Trust me, this could be free and it still wouldn't justify installing it on your PC.  It's too bad really; I have fond memories of playing the original Space Hulk on the Commodore Amiga, but that was a totally different game. Never have I seen such a convoluted mess trying to play a game; the ""Action Points"" system is totally whacked, the animations are goofy-looking and worst of all, the controls are terrible. Yeah, a turn-based strategy game with controls so awkward you make the wrong moves and you can't take them back.So, really, don't bother. Let the genestealers have the Space Hulk."
76561198027587142,Not Recommended,242570,19573096,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Titan051,Was dissappointed by the low quality game play not to mention the price is not worth the game.
76561198009955054,Recommended,242570,8104609,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Duke Nuke,Oh yes its good.
,Recommended,242570,8122325,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Valentine,FOR THE EMPERORRRRRRRRRRR!!!
,Recommended,242570,12476696,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,80555,iha jees
76561198053291980,Not Recommended,242570,7883270,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kell,what a pile of♥♥♥♥♥
76561197962871884,Not Recommended,242570,8826054,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Biggie smalls,"I played for just 2 hours and Im already sick of this game. It is repetitive, boring and unimaginative. Dont waste your money, it is a shame to see the warhammer name put on such filth."
76561197979353861,Not Recommended,242570,10392304,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Ghostlight,This game is terrible
,Recommended,242570,16430707,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ernest,In every match u have a group of mexican musicians in big armors and u need to JAM so hard that it will PURGE XENOS EARS and u will be victorious.Jammed Bolters Simulator 2013
76561198004011207,Not Recommended,242570,14431786,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,[CoH] Joker,"This game is stupidly difficult, FAR more difficult than the board game it's based on.On normal difficultty, expect to restart any given mission about 25+ times before making it, -if- you're extremely lucky.Your tactics make absolutely no difference to your success.mty rating:  1/10"
76561198008110381,Not Recommended,242570,18854690,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,UzanTT,"awful, really..."
76561197971117075,Recommended,242570,21752706,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,â„¢Ì‡Ì†ÌŒÍ­Ì…Ì”Ì”Í¨Ì’Í£ÌŽÌ¿²,So this game was made using Unity just like many games on unity that are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but i don't play it often because i've gotta go shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in other games.
76561198006532647,Not Recommended,242570,23014904,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Ministry,Well the game needed a little something more than what they gave it.  Space Hulk is a great premise but the games execution leaves something to be desired.
76561198062404538,Not Recommended,242570,22861174,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Inkswitch,"Broken RNG, poor user interface, and slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥ bought this on sale and i still think it's a waste of money."
76561198008208124,Not Recommended,242570,33618630,Posted: 17 July,all,dragut,"I didn't play the tabletop Boardgame, I review this game as it is. I see most Positive Reviews here evaluating Space Hulk by comparing to the Boardgame.Conversely, I bought Space Hulk after playing Battle Brothers, then I found SH very clunky and inferior, for instance dying with such Heavy Armor by a single attack is not buying me. Where is injury or armor damage? Check BB, those guys considered every battle mechanic, this one doesn't.I played the first 2 missions before I decided refunding and I was very disappointed by seeing very limited tactical options (or none, except which direction you choose to go) given to me. Instead, I had to depend on ""Luck"" purely by dice rolling of ""Missing/Hitting"" attacks and Dodging only. As playing an Anointed Space Marine with Terminator armor, I shouldn't have been forced to make prayers to not get a single hit to die everytime.I really didn't enjoy this at all and if it wouldn't have a ""Warhammer"" concept, I would find many people would be cursing at the game. The game is bad, the brand and universe sell the game.There are plenty Tactical grid-based games on Steam superior than this and W40k universe deserves better productions."
76561198002469685,Not Recommended,242570,33478981,Posted: 12 July,all,Stump,"It might be based on a classic board game which I have played, but it is just not fun."
76561197970903415,Not Recommended,242570,13612422,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sir Rise a Lot,Cack
76561197983131478,Not Recommended,242570,15576704,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,loki1944,Straight up trash.
,Not Recommended,242570,18079566,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Midnight,
,Not Recommended,242570,30303213,Posted: 3 March,all,bullan,"The gameplay is extremely clunky. The worst part is that it is not even possible to move the map properly, since even in fullscreen mode the menu items pop up."
76561197984855640,Not Recommended,242570,12428484,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Llew Sipher,"boring,  no depth,  everyone dies in one hit.   melee = death"
76561198087366219,Recommended,242570,22925032,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,k9,"Not bad, but got to explore Wasteland with dog first."
76561197982129514,Recommended,242570,22885897,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,JumboShrimp,It's good.
76561198085877175,Not Recommended,242570,34944774,Posted: 14 September,all,VivaPeru,Very boreing game
76561198023948484,Not Recommended,242570,25825087,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,steelborn1,"I LIKE Warhammer 40k universe. I played Warhammer 40. I & II and this games sound like fun either.But this is ridicolous. I played the second mission on the the very lowest degree of difficulty three times and i lost all of them because this awfull dice-rolling-luck-driven Combat system. I shoot - and miss. Shoot and miss. Melee... and MISS... come on. I mean serously? They spawn that creepers like cockroaches in someone's - lets call him Joe - arpartment but the 2 of my possible actions miss? NOT MY TYPE of fun. Sorry.Thanks im done, I'm not that type of gamer that bothers himself with too difficult games. I dont have fun in challanging or anoying games. I LIKE casual and easy gaming, I LIKE to get rewarded even if i dont play on hard or ""gotohell"".If you like Warhammer 40k - take it.If you dont mind that your actions might fail 6 times in a row because of ""luck"" - take it.If you just want some relaxing time in your sparetime - avoid it."
76561197978627821,Not Recommended,242570,33998508,Posted: 3 August,all,Wez,Cheatin' ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,242570,23372526,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
,Not Recommended,242570,26132290,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,GreenJelly MIC,"It doesn't really matter what I say.  People wont like this review regardless.  They will down vote it because they disagree with it.  Maybe they like the game?  Maybe not...  Maybe the review was too long, or too short.  Maybe it didn't have something in it that you thought should of been.  Maybe it doesn't have enough... there is no winning.Im a huge Game Workshop fan, and even played the earlier version of Space Hulk a long time ago. I do not recommend this game.ConsNot fun at all. (BORING!)Pro'sLinux Version! (THANKS!)I usually give games more then an hour, but this was just terrible.  I guess if your looking for a basic simple game then you may like this.  Sadly, most will find it exhausting.  But like I said, just downvote this review because you like it... its ok, I wont mind..."
76561198144319000,Not Recommended,242570,33727939,Posted: 22 July,all,SirAtreides,genestealer kills me in one go in first mission
,Not Recommended,242570,28193524,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Hacktor,"I didn't yet get to 100% achievements for this game.The slow animations make this game longer that it diserves to beMost achievements are grindy.The one missing achievement I don't want to waste time on is to kill 40 000 enemies. I have gotten all other achievements and I have barely killed 400.I award this achievement a ""Ain't nobody got time fo' that""Wouldn't recommend it .. there are better options"
,Recommended,242570,10944660,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gilga™,Highly recommended to all of the fans of the original tabletob game.Empfohlen für alle Fans vom Brettspiel.
76561198084538954,Not Recommended,242570,32722082,Posted: 24 June,all,devilboy,"Not very exciting game, maybe good story line, but I think it could be more enjoyable if there was more open world/space and things to do un the battlefield."
,Not Recommended,242570,31928162,Posted: 23 May,all,A Big Guy,A bad board game and a bad video game. Play XCOM (any one) instead.
,Not Recommended,242570,29343300,Posted: 18 January,all,jungle_jewfro,total trash.
,Not Recommended,242570,23744453,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,s.w.i.n.e.,WORST GAME EVER! WHY DA FUQ DID I BUY THIS!!? THE GAMEPLAY IS FUQIN LOGIC FREE! BARE STUPIDITY ON NOT SO MANY LEVELS! 22 €!!! YOURE KILLING ME!!!!
76561198025362073,Recommended,242570,3625920,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Cornelius,"Decent conversion of an awesome board game into a PC game, but a bit pricey for what you get.The graphics and animations are sub-par for the PC platform and the game really needs the co-op mode we've been promised (in progress, we hope) and more campaigns/maps (hoping the community steps in here). As a digital version of Space Hulk with the option of playing against the AI it works fine, just like Blood Bowl did.Edit (to celebrate the Space Wolf DLC): With continuing support and decent DLC, the game is slowly evolving from ""fair enough"" to ""pretty good"". The AI isn't clever but you can certainly lose if you're unlucky or careless. While it's still not flawless and still lacks co-op and level editors, it's becoming a better buy all the time."
76561197973506808,Recommended,242570,8746839,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Loken,"If you like board-games and the WH40K universe, this is your dream come true.Otherwise this might not be a game for you.4/10"
76561198014045187,Recommended,242570,2883390,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Wootus,Space Hulk!!
76561198072117565,Recommended,242570,10460556,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,martin3z,"Generally: Very good climatic game. Rules are taken from its precursor, board game. Good turn-based strategy, which gives long play and a lot of fun. About 6-7 DLCs, but onyl 4 are with missions. Other are skins and additional team.Team planning/arming: Generally, it's based on preset settings of squads. No possible to rearm or reconfigure teams. No editor for missions. This is minus of this game. There is no progress for characters also. It means, each mission you start with the same preset characters and weapons. There is DLC called ""Wolves chapter"" which gives other one team, more prepared for close combat. And it gives more fun of playing, even if you finish campaing. But still, no possible to adjust or rearm team.Missions: Be prepared for more costs if you want to get more missions. Basic campaign got 12 missions. DLCs cost much, and gives you about 3-5 missions. To recompensate it I can tell than missions last long time, about hour sometines. And to finish it you have to play many times to find out good way how to make it.Bugs: But this game is fixed often and refined to the top. A lot of bugs/issues which you will find in forum, was already fixed. I didn't experience any problems.AI: There is only sometimes AI ""hanging"", by stopping units in some corner, piling up and waiting. But this is not often, and happens in some missions in some cases only. The game very depends on AI pressure. So if there are not units running on you or spawning on your path, game from hard tension massacre changes for a walk. So, in some missions you struggle for survive but in some you have a heavy armored terminators just walking from entry to exit through whole map, maybe killing something on pass, but then you even do not notice a threat.Long play: Prepare youself for long and hard play. Even in normal level, it is hard to finish base campaing. It took for me about two weeks to make it. One missions can last from 20 minutes to more than 1 hour.Rules/chances: This game is based on dice rolls. It means all the time you can calculate your probability of kill/miss. Even if it looks like ""chess"" play, due to fixed number of action points, it has got command points and some random behaviour of opponent. It gives you mission not exact the same all time. However, playing a mission is kind of following general stratecic plan which is based on calculations. So it's ""chess"" plus some luck.Cheats: You don't need any cheats in the game. This game got already cheat inside. By making ""undo"" on you action you can repeat last dice roll. In example, you move and shoot. When you miss, you can ""undo"" and repeat it untill you will not get it success. Real good players do not make it. Me also. And it pist me off that this possibility is, because it's not quite fair and good. It induces you, so sometimes you will want to use it. It is up to you. Play normal and ""fair"", or repeat every move many times.Graphics: It is not the main case for such kind of game. Some predefined scenes for action like shoot/kill/die are shown where character is doing something. More its like top view of map. It is nice that this top view is not exactly ortogonal, but king of twisted which gives more expression on it. You can't rorate it freely rather than that, you can turn by full 90 degrees.Climate: It is dark and deep climatic game, where you can feel terror and panic struggle for survive. Some actions require to sacrifice someone on mission. But even then you can try to save the character in very drastic situation. So this is fun."
76561198019863901,Recommended,242570,8990792,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Ruprect,"SPACE HULK is a turn-based strategy game set in the rich universe of Warhammer 40K.  It is based on Game Workshop's 1989 2 player board game of the same name.  Taking place aboard a derelict spacecraft, it nicely captures the feel and distictive look of WH:40K's gothic design.  Space Marines from the Blood Angel chapter, decked out in their fiercest Terminator armour, are in a life or death struggle with nasty Tyranid Genestealers within the massive ship's cramped corridors.""No man that died in the Emperor's service died in vain.""That's a quote from one of the Warhammer 40K rulebooks.  It is something to keep in mind while you play this game because you WILL die ... a lot!    SPACE HULK is difficult to the point of being punishing.  All games that use the random chance of dice, both traditional board games and their video adaptations, can be frustrating at times.  All of us have been in a situation where we desperately NEED that high role to defend our turf or take down a foe, only to be stunned by horrid ""snake-eyes"" staring back at us.  It happens.  Few games I have played, however, make you pay so dearly for that ONE awful roll.   Whole missions can be botched and hours of carefully planned gameplay wasted with an unfortunate result of the die.   Even the most well thought out strategy is no real defence.  Your fate is in the hands of a, what seems like, diabolical random number generator.All that being said, for fans of WH:40K, this game is a must have.  For those who are unfamilliar with Games Workshop's intimidatingly sprawling universe, it is a perfect introduction.  I do though, for everyone who plays it, recommend you warn anyone in your household about  the frantic, sudden screams of ""Oh, COME on!"", ""Goddamit!"" and ""WTF!?!"" that will soon be coming from your general direction."
,Recommended,242570,9151513,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TheDingöGuy,"A real fun game, a must have for Warhammer 40k fans!"
76561197970569246,Recommended,242570,9160477,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,shroomfest,"Space Hulk sticks to it's board game origins pretty strictly. This will either be it's appeal or its downfall to you depending how you like the rules and dice roll actions for attack and defend (Has both saved me when facing insane odds but cost me in what should have been a walkover). As a fan of warhammer 40000 I quite like it. It was pretty buggy upon release buts it's since been patched to a proper standard and a free campaign was added as part of it (which is decent of the devs to be fair). Solid 7 out of 10, if it's on sale then it's well worth it."
,Recommended,242570,9461663,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Shinsema,.
76561197987737072,Recommended,242570,9467998,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Ranth,"Bought if 2 days ago and played it for 16 hours. Only bugs i encountered so far were Genestealers... ;)I'm liking the game, it's quite simple to get the basics but it gets very strategy intensive in the later missions. It's slow paced though you can fast it up in the menu. I said it's slow but believe me: it's intense!! :)The dice rule, ofc. You can try same fights twice and get whole different results.It's a must for anyone who really likes Warhammer 40k and enjoys turn based strategy. The others? Might get disappointed with the lack of enemy variety and other stuff like character or story advancement."
76561198006064684,Recommended,242570,9469341,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Killi,"Delivers what it should, the board game in a digital version, with cross platform support.Can't complain at all :)"
76561197981929135,Recommended,242570,9811936,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,RedSnowMan,Awesome strategy game. Worth purchasing insteading busting your wallet on the tabletop version.
,Recommended,242570,9739364,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Stay_Frosty75,"Great game, but I REALLY want to play this from the comfort of my couch with a  controller like it was orignally  announced.   Still, worth the money with all the updates and improvements they have done with the game."
76561198080040708,Recommended,242570,9741272,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,AdventureMachine,I'm very happy to see the Space Marine Congo Line board game got its video game adaptation we've all been clamoring for.Now it'll be only until I'm middle aged to get a Necromunda video game.
76561197970745965,Recommended,242570,9095337,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Daneel,Nice game.
76561197999151577,Recommended,242570,10034235,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Fnordic Slacker,Smashing good time for the God Emperor!
76561197966104966,Recommended,242570,7723126,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,avp2501,"Truely an amazing TBS game, while I didn't know what to expect being a huge fan of the old EA classic and never trying the original board game, I was more than surprized at just how good a ""close to the board game"" rendition of Space Hulk could be.Everything about this game is great and the only things which I could concider bad is the ""odd"" way the space marines walk around (Due to the board game mechanics) and the lack maps, (plenty for the campaign but not a huge amount overall). Of course this could just be me being spoilt by the HUGE quantity of maps that was released in EA's ""Vengence of the Blood Angels"" version of Space Hulk back in 1994.Overall it's definately worth getting if you like stratergy games and there is more maps coming in the form of DLC if you don't mind forking out extra."
76561198006272589,Recommended,242570,10050194,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Ael,"It's a pretty fun game, and a good adaptation of the board game. Expect to die a lot."
,Recommended,242570,10768141,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kirb Stomp,"Space Hulk is a simple, challenging tactical boardgame.  Once you learn to use overwatch, it's not hard to beat, but additional challenges for achievements and keeping all your men alive through a mission make the game much more difficult.  There's not a great deal of story or lore involved; it doesn't tell you much about the 40k world, but if you're looking for a simple challenge in turn-based tactics, this is a good game to sink time into."
76561197972483399,Recommended,242570,10822746,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hamburger!,"Not disappointed with the game, but duly disappointed with the marketing. The game functions as a great and attractive facimilite of both the original board game, and it's previous PC iterations. The action is fun and the atmosphere is right. The game requires strategy and will challenge you. The bad? You get 2 campaigns for the asking price, and the rest of them are being sold in a micro-transaction store. 80% of the game available at release is being held back to gouge you. Buy it if they offer it as a complete pack, but the way they marketed this one is just insulting. That's all I've got to say about that."
76561197972031592,Recommended,242570,10773070,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Snoozer,Blew up a Xenos' head while men in a choir chanted.10/10
,Recommended,242570,1995687,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,kazereal,Cool return of classic turn-based tactical game! Must have for those who remember the original and for fans of the genre.
,Recommended,242570,10991498,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,cristomeyers,"Hit all the right notes of the classic board game, all the way down to the dice letting me know that yes, they still hate me.Nice, not-overdone graphics, great sound, you'll need forethought, tactics, and a little bit of luck to survive.Great for anyone looking for a XCOM-esque tactical game or someone that missed out on the board game."
76561198035393473,Recommended,242570,11101739,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Wolf7741,WONDERFULL its a game that must be on your list to buy
76561198057164837,Recommended,242570,10950502,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DayVision,"In the Grim dark future there is only jammed storm bolters. The emperor has forsaken you, the machine spirits will not answer your prayers. Within this dark corridor on this jumbled broken mass of wrecked starships, the product of ten millennia of war, there is barely the room to turn around. You can hear the bark of your battle brothers storm bolters before they click silent, misfiring once again, then you hear the screams. They are all around you, coming through every hole and down every corridor. It is too many, they are too fast. Perhaps with your brothers at your back, maybe if you see them comming there is a chance. You have already killed so many, stained so much plasteel with xenos blood, but how much longer before your storm bolter too finally goes silent? What help can your brothers lend when the enemy is upon you? You will die here.And when you awake you will find the same dark halls filled with the echos of xenos footsteps coming for you. Once again you will wander through this unforgiving labyrinth looking for an escape you never find. Perhaps this time, you are so close now."
76561197970391461,Recommended,242570,9514266,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,CapBadge,A classic that I enjoyed on the Amiga in the '90s.Well rated.I wish that they kept the original 'Haunting' intro theme music though.
,Recommended,242570,9538197,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,full_metal_waifu,"Really well done adaptation of the boardgame which sticks true to its roots. Bear in mind it is quite a simple game and there isn't any customisation in terms of loadouts, but the systems are so satisfying and rewarding that when you get it down you will feel like a military genius.I would recommend this to anyone who is into TBS on a tactical level (xcom/Jagged Alliance.)"
76561198039278710,Recommended,242570,7485968,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Talamasca,like the original game !!!
76561198023290718,Recommended,242570,9554346,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Fogrender,bought it rock through campaign was ok faithfull to the table top but wanted more i will be looking into the deathwing fps version as for dlc for this meh i aint bothering unless its a level editor and a way to customize your squad like in DOW
,Recommended,242570,9556163,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,The Cerulean Rodent,"I DO recommend this game, but only situationally.I did enjoy playing this game, as it's pretty fun! But I wouldn't call it a video game, per se. ""Virtual Boardgame"" is a better title for describing this experience -- Shots are made with D6 rolls, not percentile chances. Units either survive getting hit, or are killed outright. Units have ""movement points"" that dictate what they do each turn -- it's all very reminiscent of the Games Workshop board games of olde.If you have never played Space Hulk before, then yeah, grab it during a sale and give it a whirl. It is literally a virtual version of the Board Game -- unit for unit, map for map. If you already have played Space Hulk, or own the Board game, then I honestly think you should skip it as this game wouldn't offer anything new to you. Well, except maybe the expansion DLCs."
76561197976338019,Recommended,242570,9557343,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Zook the Crook,"very fun game, especially if you like strategy. And, you can be Space Wolves!"
,Recommended,242570,9435346,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Millicant,"Solid.  Just like the board game.  Graphics are nice and pretty - gameplay is solid ans smooth.  Metacritic score seems to be... wrong.  Loads of fun, though I still really like the board game!"
,Recommended,242570,2279522,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,LeeSalt,"Great, simply done turn-based strategy game. In its current state, not worth $30 but add it to your wishlist and when it drops to <$15, pick it up!It's based on an old table top game from years ago. And, you know Warhammer 40K is pretty sweet anyway."
76561198035383340,Recommended,242570,4309091,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Polichaos,Blood Angels/Space Wolf Terminators.
,Recommended,242570,9424069,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,TheNewSavage,"The review that I have wrote is something that should be taken with an open mind. Short story; I reccomend this to you if you like one of two things. 1) if you are a Warhammer 40k fan ( you will enjoy the atmosphere and work put in for a 40k game) or 2) you enjoy turn based strategy games. If you are of the latter of the two then I would like to tell you that although the game does NOT look like it was made in late 2013, the fundamental strategy element is something that I think all strategy fans will like. And heck, who knows, you may be drawn into this amazing universe. Again, please read several other reviews of this game along with mine to make an educated desicion. (Also, only buy this game when there is a sale regardless of your attitude to the games history)"
76561198053716423,Recommended,242570,5661892,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,House_Cawdor,"Fun stuff, easier than the board game since there is no setup :)"
76561197998934643,Recommended,242570,7508292,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Rusty and Clark Griswold,This is a must play.  Mucho fun and very hard.  Worth every cent !
,Recommended,242570,9227765,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,The God Ghetto Holy,"I love it! I never played the board game, but I imagine it plays exactly like this game. And I love dice + Warhammer 40k, so this appeals to me!"
76561198122887529,Recommended,242570,9185581,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,precisionsunroofs1,I'll qualify this review by noting I'm not especially a Warhammer 40k fan but I have played the old pc and board versions of this game.  It seems very faithfull to the board game version of Space Hulk.  It's a slow paced game but I play it when the kids are going to sleep and I have some time on the laptop the turn based nature is great for a gamer like me who has little time to get extended periods to focus on a game.  I'd rate the graphics as acceptable but not exceptional and the game as a good tactical challenge.  A bit more variety of locales and enemies would be fantastic and really add to the game.  I've purchased the additional DLC mission content as well and think that it is a worthwhile addition to the base game.
,Recommended,242570,9185785,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,[IMM]Goldmember,"A very faithful recreation of the board game indeed. If you enjoyed this on a table top, you'll enjoy it on PC too... im pretty sure the first big batch of missions are EXACTLY the same as the boardgame too! Some of the animations are a little jerky and look dated (Genestealers getting shot then their heads just *whoops* disappearing for example) but the atmos, sounds and everything else are spot on. Not quite sure why the camera in the top right is so grainy either - presume they wanted some kinda grainy-o-vision like the headset vids the Marines have in Aliens, that sorta thing.If you like games in the 40K setting then you cant really go wrong with this."
76561198118446805,Recommended,242570,9303468,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Mordare,addicting
76561197973084575,Recommended,242570,9193573,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,kaZam,"Wanting to like it, really I am. I love the classic board game, and even the 3.5mm diskette game from the 90's.This game would be great on an ipad, but I feel it's lacking for a PC game.Controlling the game should be easy, yet I spend more time fighting the controls trying to place my marines, then I am having fun.- Single player is fun'ish. If you like the classic game, you'll at least enjoy the trip down memory lane.- In multi-player everyone drops halfway through, so can never finish a game.-3.0/5 stars"
76561198068318629,Recommended,242570,9263920,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,The Crispinator,"I had very high hopes for this game. It is still fun, but it isn't as great as the tabletop game."
,Recommended,242570,6496246,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Differentkid13,Kinda tough but definitely alot of fun. The way the Dev's are supporting it makes it worth it's weight in gold.. so if you like turn based stratagy look no further.
,Recommended,242570,363673,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,battle_brother,"A great re-creation of the board game. You may not enjoy it as much if you haven't plated Space Hulk before, but if you have it perfectly captures the atmosphere, gameplay, and furstration of the game proper."
,Recommended,242570,8778897,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Pugilist,"Ever wanted to get incredibly frustrated over british spess mahrines (thats how they pronounce it) getting their asses kicked by little aliens? If so, you'll love this game.It's gueniunly fun, but every now and then you will just get screwed over by the random number generator. And seeing how unforgiving this game is that can easily cause you to lose despite your flawless strategy."
76561198000475306,Recommended,242570,8599263,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Devastator06,"A lot of fun, just like the board game if you dont have anyone around to play at the time.Also a lot less time seetting it up"
76561198045415055,Recommended,242570,7683918,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Foxhound,Like my board game. Astonishing !
76561197980808880,Recommended,242570,8443175,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,gammonds,"This is a fun game. From my first impression it's a little light on the strategy, but entertaining."
,Recommended,242570,8444629,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rotting Corpse,Awesome game i had a ton of fun playing it.
,Recommended,242570,8471089,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,<<STLV>>vonben™,too much space not enough hulk 6.5/10 would do but it needs a bag on its head so i would not feel as digusted shrek approved
,Recommended,242570,8489383,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,LocoGravy,"This is a fair turn based game and worth a play if you enjoy that game type. The graphics are fine and the game play is well done. The missions really give you the closed in feeling for exploring infested vessel hulks. It is something you will want to play again, if only to perfect your tactics."
,Recommended,242570,8470002,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Buskskytt,"Just like the boardgame, but with less dice violently thrown at you when you win"
76561197974673513,Recommended,242570,8805116,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Helmut,"Ok, so I'll start out by saying that I am a fan of the whole Warhammer 40k universe. I can't say that I am a veteran, as most of my experience is limited to reading 40k wiki articles and playing the Dawn of War games, but I have found this game quite enjoyable.That being said, the game is still best bought on sale. The game only comes with 15 missions and some will take an hour or more to beat. Multiplayer is limited (some maps are heavily unbalanced because your are playing the missions for single player). They seem to keep pumping out content, which is good and I certianly don't regret buying during the winter sale.There are some issues (some of the missions are impossible if the genestealers swarm hard from certain approaches at the start of the game), but for the most part each mission is interesting and fun. Yes, sometimes you have to sacrifice marines to achieve the mission, but I guess the same is true for the board game and real combat.Basic rundown of the mechanics of the game: (1) Space marines die in close quarters, hallways are your friend in conjunction with overwatch. Keep as much of a hallway between you and the first point your marine can see the beastie and he will cut them down...usually (jams and the mission where you don't have sustained fire can cause even the best positioned marine to die) (2) The game has (for most missions) an endless supply of genestealers, so you must achieve the objective while being constantly harassed by genestealer that seem to favor spawning where the biggest clump of your marines(though this is not a law, sometimes a lone marine will be swarmed). (3) Actions and movements are based on AP that your marines get at the begining of battle (4 for each marine, genestealers get 6) and are used for everything from moving, shooting, opening doors, and entering blessed overwatch. You also get a randomly generated number of CP that can be used for anything AP are use for and probably most critically, unjaming weapons during the genestealer's turn (where they are hopefully being mowed down by overwatch.If you give the game a chance and you like 40k it will be worth your time playing.Cleanse the xenos. Burn the witch. Purge the heretic."
76561197973770753,Recommended,242570,635319,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,vad,"I have the first version, unpatched. So bear in mind it might become better. I like the assault cannon, but that's about it. Now, I love the Warhammer 40K franchise, but this is my least favorite of them all. Even worse than the stale mate Dark Crusade and Soulstorm. There is something infuriatingly SLOW about the whole thing and you wait a lot to see enemies move, and even the initial deployment of the squad is unnecessarily slow and has this ugly delay where the app-like alert lingers way too long. Geez, can I just get to the action already!? There's not even an option to set a faster speed. Worst of all you can play for a really long time and then lose horribly in just a few turns, so you're just not up for endless SLOWMO again and again and again. Also, even for a simple game like this, the interface is annoying. It's a precision game, and it's such a disaster to accidentally move a character, but it easily happens, especially since there appears to be no easy (mouse) way to get out of the ""move mode"". Would it really have hurt to let the right mouse button work like an escape. If, like me, you own all of the Warhamme 40K games, you'll think this is a ""must have"". Sadly, it's not.  In my cycle these developers would be in trouble."
76561198006728399,Recommended,242570,2394103,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Sieg Zeon,you kill you die you will rage. you will never want to be alone in dark hallways again.
76561198019871079,Recommended,242570,8815452,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Nightshadow59,"I Really think the devs are close to being right on the mark in remaking the board game on the computer. Game had a few bugs when it first came out, but they have been right on top of them and for the most part least for me the game runs great. I have it and play on the PC through steam as well as on my Ipad and its alot of fun. If you are into the board game space hulk then you should love this game. I know I do."
76561198042184926,Recommended,242570,8689127,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,RPG_Magnet,"Great game so far, very addicting, I've always been a fan of Space Hulk."
,Recommended,242570,8703275,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Painted Face,"They could've done so much more with this IP. Decades worth of material for reference, and modern squad-based games to take note from (XCOM) but this game ultimately falls short. The characters move far too slow, the missions are too similiar, there is nowhere near enough choice of weaponry or armour (I would've liked to see Dawn of War 2-style ultimate Warhammer hero customisation) and the difficulty balance is all over the place.The developers obviously tried to stay as close as possible to the original board game, and that is very admirable of them. But it didn't transfer well to computers. A giant shame."
76561198048895626,Recommended,242570,8700223,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,vadersson,"This game is a very close recreation of the Space Hulk board game.  If you enjoy the board game (or could not find a copy of the 3rd edition version) this is an excellent purchase that I fully recommend.If you have not played Space Hulk, but like Warhammer 40K, I also recommend this game for the atmosphere.  So far the game seems to capture the feel of 40K pretty well.  It is kind of like the Dawn of War series in that regard, but focused solely on Terminators and Genestealers.  Hopefully they will expand the game in the future using other units and/or races from 40K (which were given some rules in old White Dwarf articles.)If you don't know about warhammer 40K or Space Hulk, this is still a very good squad based game.  It is turn based, which until recently had been hard to find.  While I believe something like XCOM is a better turn based squad game, this one is also quite good, but limited compared to that game.  There in not advancement, force management, or other features.  This is pure turn based mission execution.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone interested in a turn based squad game.  However, Warhammer 40K fans and those that know and love the Space Hulk board game will be the most impressed with it."
76561198119540066,Recommended,242570,8559775,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,simplystuboy,love it
,Recommended,242570,9446702,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,federicomarinucci,"This is the Space Hulk board game, with some good atmosphere given by audio and graphics. It's slow paced, dice-based and maybe not technically perfect, but I played some missions in single player mode and i had not a single problem. If you like Space Hulk or any related product (eg. Warhammer 40k universe, Star Quest, Hero Quest and so on) you'll like it. If you're looking for a modern, fast-paced FPS or ""kill-em-all"" game, this is not for you."
76561198036719061,Recommended,242570,4411654,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Doelago,So far my favorite game of 2013.
,Recommended,242570,1949978,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Balraw,"This is a pretty decent representation of the original from Games Workshop and if you play(ed) that then you will enjoy what is on offer here.  It limitations come from sticking to the source game religiously. Anyone who was expecting something a little more Xcom will be disappointed  (it was never was going to that  given the devs funding limits, source game and so forth.)For me at the moment its a little over priced and if you are unsure I would  perhaps wait for a  sale but if you are into the source game it will probably be worth a gamble.  (Once the level editor is released then that will help on the value side of things).Overall I have enjoyed the little bit I have played so far and while it does have some rough edges its still an ok if not spectacular game."
76561197970323434,Recommended,242570,9481683,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Shurpaderpa,"I think the best way to sum up Space Hulk is this: It's a faithful recreation of the board game and nothing more.  I've read reviews about people complaining that there isn't any progression or customizing available.  Well there wasn't in the board game so don't expect there to be in this.  If you want the board game, then this is for you.  If you think you're going to get a game that reflects the current trend in the gaming industry standards, then you're gonna have a bad time."
,Recommended,242570,9145832,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Knight of Ni,"Great and accurate adaptation of the board game. I love the models and the environment. A few more combat animations would have been nice, but it is not a big deal. The actor that reads the mission briefings certainly sounds like an Astartes company captain!"
76561197995340517,Recommended,242570,8338237,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,General Clam,Best PC Space Hulk game yet
76561197995324482,Recommended,242570,8342417,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,james.mulvenna,well worth the sale price never played the board game but really enjoy this
76561197970822103,Recommended,242570,8343186,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Fluff,"Brilliant version of the board game. I played the original PC version of Space Hulk in the early 90s and thought it was good. I have also enjoyed playing the space hulk games on PSX and Saturn in addition to the board game. This game is a cracking conversion and I'm pleased I got it as such a great price during the sale and I'm also pleased I ignored the metascore which I consider to be very misleading. If you like squad-level, turn based strategy games give it a go. If you like Warhammer/Space Hulk table-top games, you'll love it."
76561197992331470,Recommended,242570,1373790,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,cj004d3692,"very close to the boardgame, highly addictive"
,Recommended,242570,2409146,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Scotty - 2 - Hotty,Good if you're a fan of Warhammer 40k. Pretty much the same as the original board game. Probably a bit over-priced though.
,Recommended,242570,9123489,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Phyx,A boardgame port for the boardgame gods
76561198055161154,Recommended,242570,9035591,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,dstaff331,"A accurate recreation of the 80's Board game (&2009?). Can  get frustrating at times with the mouse controls but is rather enjoyable.I would recommend you having knowledge of the board game for maximum enjoyment at the very least, knowledge of the massive warhammer 40,000 universe will help."
76561198027998184,Recommended,242570,3840222,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,DEMENTIA71,"Si jugaste el juego de tablero, este te va a encantar, estrategia pura, no  dudes en sacrificar terminators por el bien de la mision. Abordar naves y explorarlas, sin saber cuando un genestealer te va a destrozar con sus garras, o cuando deberas sacrificar a tu ultimo hombre para que el resto pueda salir vivo  es WARHAMMER 40K  en su maxima expresion en CQB"
76561198006604220,Recommended,242570,9030404,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,MechaFanguy,"First things first, I havent played the actual boardgame which the game is based on but im a fan of anything Space Hulk / Warhammer 40k related so that fact alone forms the backbone of my opinion of this game.Okay...Space Hulk is a tactical turn based game set in the Warhammer 40k universe when you get to command your so called Terminator soldiers around in a usual narrow corridors and rooms stumbling upon creepy xenomorph inspired aliens called ""Genestealers"" lurking in the darkness, which are relentlessly eager tear your terminator soldiers to shreads (despite all that heavy armor!)inside big mazes of HUGE space ships called ""Hulks"".So what do you do in this game? You basicly command your team of Terminator soldiers to carry out varius objectives with while under the pressure of the waves of Genestealers trying to stop you from accomplishing your goals.Graphically the game offers pleasing overlook over the battlefield with your squads moving around in the spooky dark where your terminator soldiers tiny suit-mounted flashlights vaguely illuminate path in front of you while exploring the steampunk-ish environment with cables, pipes, spinning fans, thick steel doors mixed with varius medival inspired onaments with skulls, swords and knight inspired tombs.Now the the most exciting part!You get to watch really nice shooting and melee scenes everytime one of your terminators preforms an offensive action thats kills a Genestealer, and you see a closeup of your terminator delivering a spray of bullets making shortwork of it- leaving a pile of gory remains of the Genestealer's corpse on the floor.so what about replayability?the game doesnt have alot to offer in that regard in my opinion apart from steam achivements offcorse, its litterly a copy-paste of the original tabletop board game which was meant for 2 players digitalized with fancy visuals so naturally there is an option to play online where you can be taking controll of either Genestealer or Terminator if thats to your liking.However DLC content with additional campaigns has ben made (and more are in the works as we speak) for those that preffers the single player experience.in addition a map editor have ben promised in the future at an unspecified release date by the developers to give you the ability to make your own maps, which will strengthen the games replayability abit.I think I coverd most of what game has to offer that I feel should be highlighted- hope it gave you some insight in making a decision whatever this game is something for you or not :)"
,Recommended,242570,9019821,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Daerandin,"This game stays true to the Space Hulk board game that it is based on, and everything just comes together nicely for a very rewarding experience. The native Linux version works perfectly and I will reccomand this to anyone that enjoy turn based tactics on a small scale, or anyone who love the board game and want a computer version of it."
76561198040883155,Recommended,242570,8915890,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,VigorousSnow,"Very well done job with this game full control. I do wish the A.I. wasn't as dumb as a bag of rocks with down syndrome but I guess that's where the multiplayer comes in eh?Never could play space hulk with other people around here, but now with this I don't need to!Wonderful game for any 40k fan, Slow paced strategy lover, or anyone that takes a liking to space hulk irl."
76561198059161249,Recommended,242570,11053003,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ProWolf 14,Best Warhammer 40K game I played in forever! I think most of my friends will love it and all the warhammer fans will too!
76561198013494332,Recommended,242570,11024785,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Malice,Decent game...plays alot like the board game from what I hear. Challenging enough that you have fun but no stupid hard where you won't ever play it again
76561198018145008,Recommended,242570,10924752,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TAZADAR101,Its space hulk.....................pro's : its like a fun turn based... thats rare...cons: MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING BOLTER JAMS!!!!!!!
,Recommended,242570,10924946,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sammoth,Awesome tatical game. Turned Based. Space Hulk like the board game.
76561198002338469,Recommended,242570,11364095,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,tablefootie,"It is expensive for what it is, so wait for a sale."
,Recommended,242570,11364214,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,MC Gandalfo,"A simple game, fun and well done. And hard as hell."
76561197970309321,Recommended,242570,11340325,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Zipit!,"This is an excellent game. It is the equivalent of a horror story for strategy gamers. The premise of the game is to give you everything you need to succeed except luck...You can have the very best armor and weapons in the universe - but your enemy is numberless, fearless and relentless. Good times."
,Recommended,242570,6632864,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Metalistico Lazy Eye Bart,"If you love Turn Base games, if you love Space Mariners, if you love the Emperor, you will love this game..."
,Recommended,242570,1334853,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,cebercoto,You cannot have the boardgame and not have this
76561198008669130,Recommended,242570,11326186,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,cwarriorcut04,"Amazing game, gets hard quick and just what it needs."
76561197984502335,Recommended,242570,1017716,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,kenshiro,"n achete surtout pas nul mais vraiment nul demi-tour des perso contes comme des déplacements pas de touche de confirmation de fin de mouvement si vous appuyez peu importe l'entroi ça valide, c'est un jeu qui faut surtout pas achete aux explications a chaque fois qu'on recommence cet lourt"
76561198096192548,Recommended,242570,10983400,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Hawaiian Elvis,"I feel this game is very underated. its simple yet challenging, not complex yet everythink has to be taken into detail and i well layed defence can crumble on luck alone. server are akward to join at times. apart from that very fun game i enjoy playing campaign, multiplyer and hopefully DLC's will be as good too. definalty buy it."
,Recommended,242570,10983772,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,mothmason,wonderful game cant wait for next chapter. its totally loyal to the booard game.
76561198123087599,Recommended,242570,10987380,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,davesrsa,"For those who enjoyed (and are able to remember) the board game when it came out, this will renew that delight.  Same game and rules, but you have moving graphics instead of figurines. I think the interiors are simple but well done, and the cut scenes aren't too shabby or annoying.Drawbacks for those who've played the boardgame - it's the same scenarios as well (initially).  So, if you worked out how to beat the scenarios on the boardgame, you might yourself wishing for more - although I believe the later scenarios in this game were not in the boardgame.Recommended just for the nostalgia, if nothing else."
,Recommended,242570,11083858,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Aqua Alex,Very cool turn-based game. Stays true to the board game and as a board gamer I like the ability to play board games when I am home alone :-)
,Recommended,242570,11064979,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Kaytanna,"As a fan of the original Board game, This game ended up being nothing less then what I expected. But, not a great deal more either.I had a bunch of friends in High School who got really into W40K and so I bought a few models myself.  While I loved building my armies, I could never get into the game, It was far too complicated and time consuming. However, the tight claustrophobic, squad based battles of space hulk were loads of fun to me.If you are looking for a game oozing with atmosphere, while being as simplistic and easy to understand, then this game is for you.If you want pages of charts and stats, and a steep learning curve that take months or years to master then poke on over to something else.  While the game has many weapons and abilities to aid your strategies, it is still at it's heart a board game, meant to be easily understood, and enjoyed in quick bites."
76561198043489025,Recommended,242570,11092131,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Fuctifino The Lost Primarch,"I have the board game version of this game, the models in this game are painted far better than I could manage. and the game feels musch more fluid than the board game.  Glad I bought this, Glad steam saw fit to put it in the summer sales."
,Recommended,242570,10933229,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,OceanSkeleton,"I would definetly recommend space hulk if you're a fan of W40K. Gotta admit though, it gets pretty tough. blood for the blood god, skulls for the skull throne."
,Recommended,242570,11919689,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Mudokin,"Yes it's Space Hulk, yes it looks and feels like the boardgame, but thats it.The Multiplayer is anoying becaue the lack of different missions, i for once have only seen 2,and this from a game that is basicly only fun to play with others, is sadly to few.Don't pay full price for thing, because it simply lacks content,but if you buy a key somewhere for a couple of $ then i guess its ok."
76561198057581347,Recommended,242570,11955399,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Mercurio Osterman,"The Good: Seems like a very faithful recreation of the board game, which I have always wanted to play and never had the opportunity. So you get the board game without a lot of the niggly details that come from setting up a board game, making sure you understand the rules, and finding another player to play against (though you still need to do this if you choose to play multiplayer). If you like strategy board games with dice rolls, this is definitely worthwhile to check out. The graphics are nice. Sound f/x and voice acting, all top notch.SIDENOTE: I see some of the reviews and it seems like they want so much more than what this ever tried to be, which is an adaptation of the board game. That's why I bought this. If they had made a bunch of needless changes, it becomes less and less what it should be. If you want some other game, say, XCom, there's nothing wrong with that, but if you want XCom, go buy XCom.The Bad: It will never fully replicate the feeling of rolling dice yourself, but that's a small loss. What bugs me about this game is that you are paying for about half of the game. And then you have to pay for the rest of the missions and you can't even access different 'chapters', yet the option is so clearly staring you in the face on the main menu locked. As much as I enjoy this game and the Warhammer 40k universe (and especially the Dawn of War series, which doesn't do this), this just rubs me the wrong way. At least have an alternate chapter you can access and then have additional chapters to purchase, if you will, so it doesn't quite seem like you are selling me an incomplete game.Same with the additional campaigns that are there, staring you in the face with a lock symbol. At least don't put them there until after you buy them as DLC. Maybe include a DLC section, like many games, so that they remain separate and apart.I know the DLC culture that game companies have embraced is the thing now, but I rather loathe it. I tend to wait until much later, so I can buy the most complete version of the game right off the bat (often the 'game of the year' edition).LAST WORD: If you like Warhammer 40k and/or if you like board games, check this one out. My complaints really don't win out over what I enjoy about this game."
76561198140572990,Recommended,242570,11964503,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,IamTheShaggyOne,"This game is unforgiving, unrelenting, and if your whole squad dies, it's a pretty safe bet that it's your fault. Space Hulk delivers a turn based squad strategy play stlye that is like no other. It is brutal, tactical, and fun. You will lose squad memebers over and over and over again until you finally find the perfect strategy for each mission. This game is tough, but I find myself enjoying the difficult learning curve. This game will knock your teeth out with a baseball bat and then super glue the teeth you just lost to the previously mentioned bat and continually beat you with it until you find a way to beat it back with a bolter and a thunder hammer."
76561198073839008,Recommended,242570,8206795,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Gwosh,"Great translation of the board game, but don't expect too much beyond. Pretty enjoyable for what it is if you are a fan, but I would definitely only purchase it while it is on sale."
76561197971825130,Recommended,242570,8837635,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Haapy,"How awesome. It's exactly the board game, but without all the nit picky record keeping - just keep on shooting 'til you can't shoot no more ;oP I love it. Even if I not-so-secretly root for the genestealers... Tyranids are just cooler than space marines."
76561198070612504,Recommended,242570,10857405,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,whitecloaktruthseeker,"If you enjoy the Warhammer world then you will enjoy this game. I bought it for my son who promptly decided he liked Dawn of War better, so after spending $30.00 for it I played it and found that I enjoyed this game. Save alot so you can save every Space Marine and earn those achievements! Plan on every board taking up to 45 min, it is a turn based game."
76561198037469662,Recommended,242570,11063161,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,forensicscientist,"fantastic game.  the best Turn-based tactical strategy game ever,  i recommend this to all, also you may like,  final fantasy tactic,  shining force 3,  Ogre Battle: The March of the Black Queen, shining force 1 and 2, others games you will like, Alien Vs Predator (Atari Jaguar), space hulk - 3do system, wizardry 5, enjoy finding these classics."
76561198040887764,Recommended,242570,10862063,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Man From Iran,"This game is cool and all, but I seriously don't understand why they had to send the bulkiest Space Marines into the space hulk. They are so big, they clip through the walls sometimes! Their feet on the metal is louder than 60 babies crying and they move as slow as sloth with no legs (you can increase the animation speed, but still) They say their armour is the toughest, but they can get killed in one swipe from the Genestealer? So what is the point?It would be much better to send in Space Marine scouts and sneak around trying not to be noticed...Well anyway, it's a great strategy game and I believe it's pretty accurate to the board game (which I myself haven't played, but one of my friends has)It's worth getting during the sale!!"
,Recommended,242570,10916618,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Magnus Grel,It's a great old school game that still has alot to offer.  An RTS Classic.Note: Please read the reviews - I feel that the Meta Score for this game is a bit Harsh.
,Recommended,242570,10918990,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Corpse,"Every thing this game needs to get right, it gets right."
,Recommended,242570,10919465,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mr. H,"Most of the bad reviews I've seen about this game is that its bad import from the Board game, but I've never played the board game and I LOVE this game!!!Man, this game is awesome! It's a beautiful mix of Warhammer 40k Universe and X-Com: Enemy Unknown!There are so many bad reviews about its a bad import from the Board game but the game itself isamazing and very unforgiving.The Storyline is pretty cool!You control a bunch of Blood Angel Terminators who are trying to salvage one of their Loooong lost ships Called ""The Sin of Damnation"" while fighting a bunch Genestealers who would love nothing more then to maul you to death. There's more buuuut that would be spoilers!My only problem is with it is the price... It's pretty steap but I promise it's worth it!!!"
76561198030983945,Recommended,242570,10921707,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mackelito,Its a good strategy turnbased game. A bit liniar at times but well worth the time if you like the warhammer 40k universe.
76561197981876676,Recommended,242570,10897083,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,digideus,"Nostalgia... Anyone who played Vengence Of The Blood Angels on the Amiga/3D0/Sega Saturn will look at this with a sense of nostalgia, but ultimately thats the whole problem with Space Hulk.This game is old skool.  unless you are prepared for an old skool (with a k because its THAT old skool) turn based combat game that IS NOT FAIR, then yes, you will love it, but I think that todays gamers will see this as an inferior product to X:Com as they expect something more visually stimulating and engaging, and to be honest, I can understand the numerous comments about bolter jaming....If anything, this is an incredibly faithful conversion of the old board game, of which I am a fan (40k and all its incarnations od spin offs are, in general, brilliant as a social past-time) but it shows not only its age, but the age of the actual board game with the limited rule system and the fact that its just not fair.  The AI is meant to throw everything at you.  No learning where they attack from, no, random encounters, multiple deaths and much swearing will ensue....You would think someone (Games Workshop?) would come up with rules for development of a bolter that doesnt jam, or at least a method of investing points into keeping your equipment working.  Simple touches like that would expand the playability of this.  as faithful as it is, its showing its age.   A much needed revamp by GW is needed before anyone considers trying to put it on a computer or console.  I love space hulk for its atmosphere, and its nice to see some investment after the horrible THQ situation, but we want multiplayer FPS based missions with the ability to develop a character in the 40K universe, and this is just a nod to nostalgia."
,Recommended,242570,10901901,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,KingTentacle [TLS],"Great game! and i recommend it on one condition, and that is that its on sale, full price is a bit expencive.but that said its a great game, and remember this is a digital board game, its turnbased.but when you dont have $300+ for a copy of the board game this looks pretty good."
76561198011189977,Recommended,242570,10970866,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mr Iodo,Combines popular past times such as claustrophobia and eviseration. 10/10
76561198090965421,Recommended,242570,10981737,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,long-fang,"Awesome game, Easy to pick up and get on with, AI is little to be desired but still all good, online is good stuff, adds the challenge it like from a game"
,Recommended,242570,10968325,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,(R.A.W) sp00k,Fantastic and true to the boardgame. Enjoying the additional content that is being released. Only drawback is its a little buggy at times
76561197997671041,Recommended,242570,1765795,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Joel,"Atmospheric, tense, and extremely faithful to the original game. It's exactly what I hoped it would be."
,Recommended,242570,10814402,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pickles,"It's...the board game. Not much more and not much less. Not to say this is necessarily a bad thing, it's a fun game for people who enjoy turn based board games with lots of dice rolling and strategy. However this isn't a video game adaptation of the board game, it's literally a ""port"" of the game straight onto the PC. This isn't a 40k XCOM. It feels a bit unpolished, and there are definitely some annoyances to work around. But if you played and enjoyed the board game, or enjoy other games of this nature, it's worth buying (not for full price though, I'd recommend at least a 50% sale). There are a few annoyances but it's a very faithful port of the original board game."
,Recommended,242570,10815292,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ieatpuppies247,Love the feeling of this game.  Frustrating in a great way and a great reflection of the board game.
76561198025653749,Recommended,242570,11703638,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Niss Machine,"I'm a huge fan of tabletop games, although never got into Warhammer 40k in particular (I was more into Legions of Steel, which has much in common with the Space Hulk board game as it turns out).  I first played the PC version of Space Hulk back in the mid-90s, and it immediately addicted me with its puzzle-like levels and brutal, unforgiving gameplay.  I originally grabbed this title purely due to my desire for an update.  It was a bit buggy at release; however, it's been cleaned up dramatically and is now quite solid IMO.It does take a while to get used to the way you have to deploy and move your squad.  Some complaints you'll see about randomness is likely the result of someone not getting this completely under their belt.  I can also see people's point about wanting some kind of development over time for your squad members, but I'll admit I prefer the more puzzle-like format of the missions keeping you focused on your objective, and sometimes Terminators will fall in pursuit of it.  If there was xp-based leveing up of your squad, many people will just save-scum to ensure progression rather than focus on the puzzle at hand.If you're a fan of turn-based squad combat or table-top wargames, and crave some challenge, I would imagine Space Hulk would fit the bill for you nicely."
76561197965099188,Recommended,242570,202268,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,BalldeLocks,Awsome game. Plays like the table top game.
76561198009067077,Recommended,242570,10913012,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,GRANIT Salvo,The latest Space Hulk board game given virtual life. It's a good realization of it.  Has a little polish.  Really happy with the hotseat option.
,Recommended,242570,10914701,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,XxTrickShot360xXfourtwentyomgman,"For those who are new to the space hulk franchise, it is a board game consisiting of two teams: the Terminatiors and the Genestealers. one team sets out to exterminate the other. while that is a pretty basic description of the game, just know before you make this purchase it is based off of a board game. that being said it does what it sets out to do very well, it is very well made and very fun to play, just don't expect a gripping story line, just expect an intro to each level and then pretty much a scenario.8/10+1 ITS ♥♥♥♥ING WARHAMMER 40K!"
76561197977080122,Recommended,242570,10890020,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,engaric,"Nice implementation of the board game rules, fun to play.Personally still think the original version from years ago is better as it took the idea of the board game and recast it as something that could only be done in a computer game version."
,Recommended,242570,10810080,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,thebadmeringue,"A digital board game, for better and worse.  The tactics are simplistic and the game can be VERY unforgiving, however, approach it like a board game (which it original was, of course) and fun can be had."
,Recommended,242570,10810916,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Wicked Angel,"In this game, you kill genestealers with space marines. Really, honestly, what more do you need? Our lives truly are for one purpose...to serve the Emperor and protect humankind from filth ridden xenos. To question the will of the Emperor is heresy at best. The Sin of Damnation must be cleansed. This is your chance to prove your worth."
76561198080121200,Recommended,242570,10811090,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Spaghetti Shark 420 XXX,"Pretty good game (very hard), but it is very limited with not variation at all!  The price is too high for what it has to offer!  If you can get it on sale of 65% or more its worth it."
,Recommended,242570,10812320,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Heswe,Never played warhammer 40k board game and still i find this game fun to play. Feeling is intense and controls work much better than i thought after watching some lets play videos about this game. Story is allso rather well done. So if you like slow paced strategy games i recommend you to  give it a try.
76561198050369022,Recommended,242570,10812669,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,|†|_Slicer_|†|,"Its a cool game ,sometimes frustrating, if you like playing strategic this is a game for you. Only have a few hours of gameplay done in the game bud i will play it out completly because its fun for me."
,Recommended,242570,10340577,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Oslovan,"I LOVE this game.  Its pretty much only going to appeal to either a hardcore TBS fanatic or a hardcore Warhammer 40k fanatic...or both.  But I really enjoy it, I have found pretty decent replayability as well.  I was worried about that at first but It seems my worries were put to rest as soon as i ran through the game a second time and found that nearly each stage was a completely different experience than the first run through.  Im not too sure about the multiplayer as I have yet to get a match beyond the lobby going.  But the AI seems good enough a half dozen play throughs at least and the DLC was pretty good too.  Highly recommend this one to hardcore TBS fans that have never tried it.  9/10"
,Recommended,242570,4032347,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,TokyoUD,"This is a digital version of the original board game. It's not the most polished or flashy of games, but it is faithful to the source material. If you're a fan of the Warhammer 40K franchise or the original board game, you'll probably enjoy this game quite a bit."
,Recommended,242570,12307063,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,thinsilenus,"Great conversion of the board game matching the brute fire and fist power of small teams of slow moving but tech-heavy terminators against the primal speed and ferocity of often limitless, but individually more vulnerable, genestealers - a classic tactical trade-off that leads to interesting strategic dilemmas within the compelling warhammer 40k universe. It makes for an intense strategy game that requires a lot of intelligent planning and patience to succeed."
76561197995760148,Recommended,242570,12428100,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Darth Chalupa®,"It's a carbon copy of the Games Workshop board game. They advertised it as such, and made no attempt to mislead. In that respect, this is a pretty good game. The campaign and maps, and squads are exactly the same as the board game that GW re-released a few years ago. having it in a digital formatt allows me to play it with friends where I normally couldn't. Like the ones that have moved. It's D6 based, enemies spawn in the same fashion as they do in the board game... This is an exact digital copy. Yes, I've said that previously. I'm stressing that point because almost all the negative reviews seem to have missed that entirely.This is targeted at fans of the Games Worshop line up. Not necessarily fans of the video games made under their license.If you liked the board game, you'll like this. If you like turn based strategy, you may also like this. If your a fan of the Warhammer 40k table top game, you may find this amusing as well.You prolly wont enjoy this if... You like fast paced, twitch reflex games. Are only getting it because it has the GW logo. Getting it because your only experience with Warhammer 40k is the video games(that isn't a bash). This is not a 40k video game like Dawn of War, or Space Marine. This is closer to Blood Bowl, which is also a digital remake of a GW board game.7.5/10 as a turnbased, squad strategy.10/10 if you're a fan of the board game."
,Recommended,242570,11944970,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Alexander452,"This game hates you, in a good way.It's and excellent version of the board game, on the pc.If you never had anyone to play the board game with (like me)Then this game is for you.The game features the original missions and alot of other missions that each have their own challenge.The game gets gradually more difficult as you progress, making you strategize, as it can change to good or bad in an instance.The game is based upon dice rols and can go either way.The grapichs are decent, they arent any high budget grapichs, but they are good enough.The animation can be a bit stiff and look odd sometimes, but nothing that really ruins the game.the sounds are pretty good and does their job.So yeah....i like it"
,Recommended,242570,12453318,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Initiate,"As a fan of tabletop WH40k, I really enjoyed this. Graphics and voice acting are both top-notch and capture the look and feel of original."
,Recommended,242570,11611217,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Jamalen_Gestalt,"It works on steam OS and it is like being transported back to being a teenager in 1990 as all the classic missions are there, not sure it worth full price but if it is on sale you can while away a good couple of hours on this and feel you have had your monies worth!"
76561198141937432,Recommended,242570,11616328,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,WyvernLord,"Awesome game with awesome combat simulations and even more awesome in-action cut-scenes, not to mention the fact that it is AWESOME!!!"
,Recommended,242570,11578986,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Putifari,"For a Warhammer 40K fan, this is something one should already own; for a non-40K fan, think twice before spending your money here."
76561197981769636,Recommended,242570,11648281,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Curdy,"Pretty much like the original 3rd edition boardgame with a few differences, pretty solid but can be really challenging some of the campaign missions.Price is a bit much, I only got this when i saw it on sale which is more acceptable, recommend to get the campaign dlc too."
76561197960561066,Recommended,242570,40826,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,RV | Tempted |A|,"This is a great, great game.. albeit that you have to like the genre.I've played several games that claimed to be ""spacehulk"", but this one? this has the right to be called ""spacehulk"".Its truely as close as you can get to the original boardgame, turnbased, 100% strategic.Obviously it was originally a 2 (or 3 in some cases) player game, but this one does have singleplayer mode that actually is fun to play.Badass spacemarines vs masses of genestealers, who will prevail in the end?If you've played the boardgame, and liked it, then dont hesitate to buy this game.If you dont know it, but always wonderd where the warhammer universe is (partly) rooted? then buy this game :PIf you dont know it, but do like turnbased strategy games? well.. buy it! :Pits unlike anything else you got in your game library.Last note, the original boardgame had 100's of quests and storylines, original stories made by the developers themselves, for the game (back then) that means there is a ton of optional dlc in the future (i hope!)Anyway, i give this game 9 out 10 for the way it kept to the original boardgame, not giving in to spice it up for modern fps style, the true sense of strategy is still here as it should be :D"
76561197995234412,Recommended,242570,11748169,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Jontar & Co.,"An interestingly restricted RTS, quite like a board game. Careful tactics and a good bit of luck make this a solidly acceptable way to spend a few evenings. The base game ends abruptly and without fanfare, and since the DLC costs more, each, than I paid for the game, I doubt I'll pursue it further."
,Recommended,242570,11571786,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Boba_Fettish,Slightly more fun than throwing random dice or balls of tinfoil at a blank wall.
76561198059568718,Recommended,242570,11824316,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,sarge,great game i kinda wish for somthing less table top. but still great fun
76561198040560627,Recommended,242570,12954013,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Hvapsen,"Kinda to short, but its Space Hulk!!! Nuff said. :)"
76561198006663832,Recommended,242570,10869580,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Windbeutel,- If you loved the Boardgame like me in the past ( not the new release i mean in the 90´s ) Buy it if it´s on Sale !!!- Singleplayer is nice- Multiplayer versus Mode is working good
76561198042110223,Recommended,242570,10871749,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,scatwalla,"Overall I like the game a lot, considering I got the base game for $2.50 on sale. No complaints there. I don't feel it is worth original price. I'm torn between a thumbs up and thumbs down because of the price of the DLC. I mean, really, five dollars for five missions? One is five for three missions with some added items. So to sum up......I guess thumbs up for the game itself but thumbs down for the price of the DLC. There just isn't enough substance(especially if you paid full price for the base game) to warrant that amount of additional money. Recommended on basis of base game only and bought at significant discount."
76561198030926337,Recommended,242570,10943561,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dakk,Very much a representation of the Boardgame rather than anything new. But htye have done a good job of recreating it and you do still have the tension you get when playing the table top game.
76561198009436981,Recommended,242570,10945703,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ArkRoyal90,"A good homage to the table-top turn element of 40k but could do with more races. As a first attempt, this is really good with huge potential for future development with sequels and DLC."
76561198005381075,Recommended,242570,8217210,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,captainfreddy,"Supposedly, the Imperium sends Terminators to delve deep into the twisted masses of derelicts known as Space Hulks because only they are strong enough to face the horrors within.Given the life expectancy of Terminators in this game, regular Space Marines must spontaneously combust the moment they breath space hulk air.This game is an extremely faithful recreation of the original board game. Don't go into this expecting an epic story (For the record, the story: Space Hulk filled with bad things. Here are many guns. Go kill now.), an action-packed thrill-a-minute roller coaster, or a graphical tour-de-force. Sometimes a mission will be failed because the dice hate you and your Seargeant can't hit the broad side of a genestealer and your guns jam after every shot. Sometimes you'll realize too late that the guy with the flamethrower is at the back of the troop column marching single file through the dark corridors. And sometimes you'll win.Either way, go into this game with the right expectations and you'll be well rewarded. For instance, remember that, like the board game it's based on, Space Hulk is best taken in two to three hours sessions, not marathons."
,Recommended,242570,8208203,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[V-M] Hadriel,"What is your life?My honour is my life.What is your fate?My duty is my fate.What is your fear?My fear is to fail.What is your reward?My salvation is my reward.What is your craft?My craft is death.What is your pledge?My pledge is eternal serviceNo other words are necessary, my Brothers. Purge thy mind of all doubt, place this amusement construct into thine cart and purchase it without hesitation or remorse. Though the Adeptus Mechanicus has labored long and well, no construct is without fault and even the most sacred relic might fail in the searing crucible of battle. Fear not; the Machine Spirits will answer your prayers. The blasphemy of the Tyranids is such that only one solution is acceptable. Extermination.Know what you're buying before you click the button. This game is exactly what it says it is, nothing more. It is exactly what I wanted, and I'm really enjoying it. If you like the WH40k universe, you are more likely to be forgiving of any perceived shortcomings. It is a digital reproduction of a boardgame; if you don't like boardgames or their mechanics, you might not like this. There are dice rolls, meaning luck is involved. If that bothers you, perhaps this game is not for you. It is turn based, meaning planning and tactical thought are essential to victory. This game is about close quarters battle in very confined spaces. This results in a very particular style of play which may not appeal to everyone. Tension is only elevated and enhanced by the element of randomness and luck. Your opinion may differ, if so....I think you already know the answer.Put yourself in the mindset of a Space Marine. You are not failing if you lose Marines. If the objective is accomplished by the last man, victory is yours. Space Marines are supposed to die, they expect to die. Get out of the mindset of preserving your squad...the deaths do not carry over to the next mission. If a Marine holds a corridor alone and ends up overwhelmed, but in so doing bought enough time for the mission to be accomplished? Victory. Preserve your strength if you can, but do not be afraid to spend the lives of your Marines if it leads to victory. Fear only failure.Look to your battle gear and it will protect you.We guard it with our lives.As your armour guards your life.As it has my fallen brethren.Honour the craft of death.We serve only the Emperor.Honour the battle gear of the dead.We ask only to serve."
76561197994428025,Recommended,242570,8211084,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,vyking56,A near flawless adaptation of the board game.
76561198071441383,Recommended,242570,8226974,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,aegius_aquilla,"I got this game as part of a holiday deal because the price was too good to pass up on. After playing, I'd have to say that the full price is well worth it. I already own the board game by the same name, and this faithfully recreates it, without having to set up game tiles and pack away after every mission. 10/10"
76561197981245805,Recommended,242570,8181976,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,zayaid,"This game is good, but sometime AI is too OP."
76561198014595431,Recommended,242570,8167633,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Nato,"Great to see the boardgame come to life after all these years in fun tactical turn-based game. Overwatch is your friend but keep plenty of command points spare for those ever jamming Storm Bolters, awesome when they work though!"
,Recommended,242570,8160441,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,thorvindr,"Meh. A bit of a retro take on the 40K IP. Apparently, Space Hulk was one of the original Warhammer 40k board games, and was released in 1989. I can't be sure (having never played the board game), but I bet this PC version is exactly like it.In a departure from recent entries into the W40K series of games, Space Hulk goes back to the game's turn-based roots. I don't know if anybody remembers Chaos Gate, but this feels a lot like that. You deploy a handful of Space Marine Terminators (for those not familiar with 40K, a Terminator is a decorated veteran Space Marine that gets to wear huger armor and is therefore able to carry even blammier weapons) to undertake missions against swarms of Tyranid Genestealers.As far as gameplay, there's not a lot of variety, and absolutely nothing innovative or unique. This is essentially the same as the old Fallout series. The different missions keep things interesting enough, but the fact that there is just the one type of enemy is a bit of a let-down. Don't get me wrong; it's fun to mow down hordes of Genestealers. But it gets old. It would be nice to throw in the ocassional... I dunno. something else.The tactics of the game are fairly straightforward, with little (that's not to say ""no"") room for variation. Cover your flanks, spend your action points carefully and make sure you leave your outward-facing dudes in overwatch mode.So, not a ""bad"" game, but I was expecting a lot more out of a modern re-vamp of a twenty-four-year-old board game. An XP system to improve my marines would be nice, and needn't be very complicated to be very satisfying (something along the lines of small accuracy bumps or die-roll bonuses). Some variation in units (both friendly and enemy) would also have been nice.While I do recommend this game, I don't recommend paying full price for it. To be honest, I think you'd be better off to find a copy of the actual board game. Good luck with that, but I think it would be far more rewarding than this PC port. At least you'd get the excitement of rolling dice and the ability to change the rules to make the game more interesting after the third or fourth go-around.So if you're a huge fan of 40K, you'll probably enjoy this trip down memory lane. If you're a fan of squad-based tactics, you'll find something to occupy yourself for a few hours. If you're neither of those things, don't bother. I can't imagine ever buying any of the DLC for this game, and I'll be shocked if the developer ever gets to make anything else for Games Workshop."
,Recommended,242570,8184946,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,X-me,"Combat is a massive puzzle with a xcom feel, i like it!"
76561197998187677,Recommended,242570,8188953,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Splaw,"Game is pretty much a straight copy of the board game, perfect for those wishing to replay a lost game"
,Recommended,242570,8258980,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,CNYGamer,"There have been a large number of negative reviews for this game. In terms of the arguably too-early release of the game, I can't speak to that. I understand there were major bugs when it was released. I came a bit late to the party and by the time I bought Space Hulk it was in 1.3 and I have witnessed no bugs.In terms of the negative reviews that imply the game is boring, to that I can say this: Space Hulk is a computer implementation of a BOARD GAME. Yes, a board game that has turns and die rolls and a big rulebook and moves about as quickly as you would expect a board game to move. So in the same way that no reasonable consumer should expect a computer implementation of Monopoly to be fast-paced and action-packed, the same expectation should hold for Space Hulk. IF YOU DON'T LIKE BOARD GAMES IN GENERAL OR THE SPACE HULK BOARD GAME IN PARTICULAR THEN YOU WILL NOT LIKE THIS GAME. It is not a ""translation"" or a ""computer game inspired by the board game."" It is a direct, rule-for-rule, turn-for-turn implementation of the Space Hulk board game. If you do like board games in general or the Space Hulk board game in particular then you likely will find a lot of fun here. As a lifelong board game enthusiast and Space Hulk lover, I find this game to be near perfect.The $29.99 price tag on the game is, in my opinion, reasonably worth it. But if you grab it during the Holiday sale for $14.99 then it is a no-brainer, great value."
76561198010839570,Recommended,242570,8263599,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Meat Popsicle,Very fun game. Its great to get a game in without all the set up of the boardgame and with online it makes it mass easy to play with friends.
76561198115285969,Recommended,242570,7806561,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ADEATHHEAD,I think with the price discount i could afford it and am happy with the purchase. i hope that the next release of DLC and maybe a new add on campaign would also be affordable. I have a small budget and have not been able to by the DLC yet.  Also my pc is not the latest so i am happy its working fine now after the patches. I would be pleased if there would be expansion likeSpace Hulk: Deathwing Expansion. I have collected card-games from Fantasy Flight by saving and than buying when found on discount and i love the art work. i hope that they will include more the art work of Fantasy Flight in the future updates of this game.
,Recommended,242570,7808087,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,~n00bz~,This is one of the hardest turn based games ive played in a while... Love the 40k series!!
,Recommended,242570,7828261,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ferragus,"You have to understand that this is meant to be a replica of a physical  boardgame. If you come in expecting a fully fleshed out, original stratagy game like X-Com but with a 40K theme then you'll be sadly disapointed. However, as a boardgame replica it does a very good job.The graphics are rather un-polished and the animation speed is a bit slow on the defiault setting (you can change this in the options menu) but it does what it's suposed to.Persoanlly I don't think it's worth the $30 asking price, but if you can grab it on sale and are a fan of the physical game then it's probably worh it. I cant stress this enough: If you've never heard of spacehulk beofre now this game will probably not be for you! You will probably hate it if that's the case, so be warned! If however you are a fan of the original and don't mind the steep price for what it is then you may very well enjoy it.My largest complaints are the steep price tag and the DLC which seems a little too costly as well. It's an unpolished experiance but can still be an enjoyable one for the right audience.To sum it up, do some research before buying to make sure it's your type of game."
,Recommended,242570,7831111,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,NewTroll,"Really takes me back to when I played the boardgame as a teenager. Even if you never played the awesome boardgame, if you enjoy turn-based tactical games like X-Com, definitely give this game a try."
76561198009747651,Recommended,242570,7832278,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Keg Pyg,"So, Space Hulk. The board game has been around forever, with a recent incarnation a couple of years ago. Haveing never played it before, I did pick up the board game, and excitedly assembled all the fantastic miniatures - and then it say on the shelf gathering dust after 1 game. Why? Because it took longer to setup the board than it did for my brother to beat me.The computer game is pretty much exactly like board game - with one big difference: the miniatures move, they shoot and they talk. And of course, you don't need to set the board up. If you liked the board game, I recommend grabbing yourself a copy, even if it is for the sheer amusement of watching terminators shoot bolters and assault cannons. I quite enjoy the game for that reason alone.If you've never played the board game before, prepare yourself for a board-game like experience because if you are after a fast action shoot-em up, this isn't the game for you.However, things aren't all awesome in the Hulk of Space. There are things that could be improved that would make the game far more interesting:- Custom map building. You can create your own missions with the board game, why not the computer game? Have a community map share.- Play as 'stealers. It'd be great if after you complete the campaign, you can go back and play as the Genestealers!- Moar skins! Bring on the Space Wolves and Dark Angels. Can I be so bold to suggest Night Lords (I want to see a Reaper autocannon!)?This aside, I find it quite fun to pass the time.- D"
,Recommended,242570,7823694,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Stoneleaf,"So that low Metacritic score did put me off for some time. Come bargain time i decided to give it a whirl.Glad i did. Its Space Hulk as we all used to play with figures and boards. Its just as deadly and unforgiving. Worth it at £12. At £23 no. Not for me.If you like to play slow, thoughtful games and dont mind loosing alot, are not a quick save maniac or want to relive your youth its a great game. Not one to play for 100's of hours but sometimes you want a simple nights entertainment that does not rely on remebering how far into a campaign you got. 7/10"
76561198003283939,Recommended,242570,8133497,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Chawa2,As a close rendition of the boardgame as possible.Atmospheric graphics capturing the Warhammer 40k perfectly.
76561197973107311,Recommended,242570,8331948,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Xynith,"From what I understand it's true to the old boardgame, something for the turn based WH40K fans out there but don't want to break out the mini's."
,Recommended,242570,8379646,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,OmegaJeff,"This is a faithful recreation of the board game, more specifically the newer re-release (which I may or may not have on my shelf), to a fault.  The underlying mechanics use simulated D6 rolls and the mission maps for the main campaign are even ripped straight from the manual.  Hard to say if it was GW or the devs, but there was some missed room for improvement and refinement of the formula.There are no hybrids or patriarchs as in the original, instead we have the broodlords form the newer version.  It reduces the variety for anyone wanting to play genesteelers, but I suppose it makes it easier to balance.  Ultimately, there isn't too much room for strategy on the geensteeler side, which is why it's fitting the campaign plays from the Terminator's perspective.If you enjoy the boardgame or have nostalgia for the original, there's something here to enjoy.  But if you don't know what Space Hulk or Warhammer 40K are, I'm not sure I can really recomend this."
,Recommended,242570,172397,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Tykjen,"for anyone that loved the 90's classic on the Amiga, this is a real remake."
,Recommended,242570,1076071,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Bohlsi,Be warned this game has framerate issues last time i hecked but the actual strategy is amasing (because its the awesome board game) and it your a fan of 40k or board games youll love it
,Recommended,242570,25692386,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Sir Pseudnymous,"Like a great man once said ""Hey that's Pretty Good"" and Damned if he ain't right, difficult but rewardiing game, annoying when your Sergeant with a ThunderHammer and Storm Shield + On Guard (Re-Rolling Assaults) Gets killed on the first attack, 10/10 would Guard Again"
76561197982627177,Recommended,242570,26464732,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Jumbik,"Turn based board game reproduced into a computer game. There is not much more what to tell here. But here is something you will encounter if you will buy and play it.+ Warhammer 40K setting. Coridors, a bit of dungeon crawler feeling without rpg. Good atmosphere if you will put yourself in and try your best. Space marines have shoulder cams so you can see the action from their poit of view.+ High difficulty if you want to follow board game rules (but you can make it even harder for yourself with time limits), expect loses and count with moves where you will wilingly sacrifice your soldiers to complete the mission.+ Good production values, graphic, sounds and naration is well done.+- Randomnes in everything. Its the same with board game where you throw dices for all actions.- Focused mainly at WH40K fans.- Lack of story."
,Recommended,242570,458015,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,siliciferous,"This is a strict and faithful adaptation of the famous Space Hulk board game. This game has very little in terms of bells and whistles - character animations are clunky, basic, and repetitive, music is almost non-existent, and sound effects are cookie-cutter. Overall, I'd say it is a good effort and that Full Control achieved their goal of adapting the board game, but I feel that they priced it outside of its percieved level of quality. I really can't recommend this above the $15 price point."
76561197980530446,Recommended,242570,28441512,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Nimrias,"A true PC version of the TTG, complete with dice rolls.+Lots of maps, even more if you get the DLC.  Your troops are somewhat disposable (they will be back for the next mission) making those heroic charges / sacrifices more tolerable.-No character progression.  I would like more difficulty levels (some levels are easy when set to ""hard"" difficulty).  The AI isn't terribly clever.  You can't change your squad composition or terminator loadout.I think it's fun.  It runs well, no bugs or crashes.  It is slow TBS goodness like the TTG."
76561198183952091,Recommended,242570,26921005,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SPARTAN NINJA13,I would love to play the original board game of Space Hulk!
,Recommended,242570,26701527,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,[TBC] Kloenk,"What can I say about this game after only a few minutes of playing it? Most of all: read all the extensive reviews posted before - they are accurate.What I really can't bear with is the sluggish movement of my units. I am aware that this is a recreation of a board game - but why do my Terminators move around like lead-filled, stomping elephants?Still I can recommend it to anyone into the Warhammer 40k universe..."
,Recommended,242570,26726760,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Tadswana,"I like it, it's a literal translation of the board game. Play it late at night with a can of coke and some chips, it's like a 40k massive session!"
,Recommended,242570,28695820,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CaptainSnagglefuffs,kinda a boring game sorta -_-kinda a fun game sorta5/10regular turn based game
76561197974262920,Recommended,242570,31819847,Posted: 18 May,all,Kael,Excellent game  bringing back great memories. 9/10
76561198069607345,Recommended,242570,33259345,Posted: 4 July,all,Vvenom,Purged me some filthy Xenos. Long live the Emperor
76561197984266054,Recommended,242570,29054254,Posted: 5 January,all,Tronword Furey,FOR THE EMPRAH OF MANKIND! This is an awesome Warhamer 40PLOX gaem.
76561198042515096,Recommended,242570,31542502,Posted: 4 May,all,Asmodai,Good but a bit too against the player
76561198126363923,Recommended,242570,32874970,Posted: 27 June,all,DestroyerJamie,Only played this for a couple of minutes and the game seems to be more trial and error than actual strageryStill it's fun to play but Bolter jams are annoyingly random
76561198004628500,Recommended,242570,33759415,Posted: 23 July,all,Zebedee,"There's a lot of in depth reviews of the game. A lot of it boils down to whether or not you can live with the RNG dictating success or failure as much as your own ability to manage time and resources. If you can, then I'd give this a try - especially on a sale. I was pleasantly surprised by Space Hulk. There are niggles to be found, but it is a solid game."
76561198028132651,Recommended,242570,3851979,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Schwammkopf,"Must-have game for those, who like turn-based  games like X-com and Operation ""Silent Storm"""
,Recommended,242570,2412592,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,✪Dishy[UDIE],Absolutely brilliant !!!
